 CORPORATE REPORT 2019
 Introduction
Editorial Policy
Period Covered by the Report:
Organizations Covered by the Report:
Reference Guidelines:
Issuance:
Next Issuance Scheduled:
From April 1, 2018, to March 31, 2019 (However, in some cases, activities before and after the coverage period are also included in this report.)
Companies subject to consolidation of the KYOWA EXEO Group
(However, in some cases, KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION’s non-consolidated data are used instead of consolidated data.)
GRI “Sustainability Reporting Standards” ISO26000 “Guidance on social responsibility” July 2019
July 2020
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION has been selected to be part of the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index and the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN), both of which are offered by MSCI Inc.
*1. MSCI Inc. (“MSCI”) is a provider of an extensive range of financial services, including the calculation of stock indexes and portfolio analysis.
*2. The selection of KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION to be part of the above-men- tioned MSCI index, as well as the use of the logo, trademark, service mark and index name of MSCI, does not indicate MSCI’s or its affiliates’ support, guarantee and/or promotion of KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION. The MSCI index is an exclusive asset of MSCI. MSCI, the MSCI index name and the MSCI logo are the trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.
1 Corporate Report 2019
Building a better,
brighter future together
Total ICT Solutions: Contributing to the Realization
of a Brighter Future by Bringing People Together
and Forming Connections with Society
*ICT is an acronym for Information and Communications Technology.

 Notice on forward-looking statements:
Corporate Governance Compliance
Risk Management
Involvement in the Environment
This Corporate Report 2018 contains forward-looking state-
ments such as the future business performance of KYOWA
EXEO. As these statements are based on the information
available at the time of the preparation of this report, the
actual results might differ materially from the content de-
scribed or suggested therein due to various factors. As this
corporate report is not intended for the purpose of solicit- 58 ing investment, all users of this report are advised to
undertake decisions concerning investment at their own discretion.
The figures stated in units of ¥100 million and ¥1 million are rounded down.
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
http://www.exeo.co.jp/overseas/index.html 29-20, Shibuya 3-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0002, Japan
CONTENTS
About KYOWA EXEO
3
5 Milestones of the KYOWA EXEO Group
21
23 25
Special Feature 1
Special Feature 2
Globally Extending the EXEO Quality
Opening the Way to the Future by Utilizing Digital Technology
Consolidated Financial Highlights
Greetings /
Message from the President
7
13 Business Overview
Special Features
KYOWA EXEO Group’s
Corporate Value Creation Process
27 KYOWA EXEO Group and SDGs
29 CSR Concept
31 Results and Plans of Major CSR Initiatives
Management Systems
33 36 37
39
43 Financial Section 57 Stock Information
Board of Directors
Environmental Management
Corporate Report 2019 2

      About KYOWA EXEO
 Corporate Philosophy:
Cultivating Technological Capabilities, Seeking
Affluence and Contributing to Society
The corporate philosophy of the KYOWA EXEO Group, which is the basic guideline for our corporate social responsibility, includes cultivating technological capabilities, seeking affluence and contributing to society. The corporate philosophy clearly answers the question: “Why does the KYOWA EXEO Group exist?” The ut- most ground for existence is the Group’s technological capabilities. Throughout its existence, the Group has aimed to be a corporate group that always anticipates and pursues better technologies at the forefront of leading-edge technologies. The technological capabilities cultivated through these efforts will help create more affluent living environments for people. The Group intends to be a valuable enterprise by contributing to society through activities in the pursuit of state-of-the-art technologies.
  Corporate Data
 Company Name Established Paid-in Capital Stock Listing Representatives
Net Sales
Number of Employees
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
May 17, 1954
¥6,888 million (as of April 1, 2019)
First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange Fuminori Kozono, Cairman
Tetsuya Funabashi, Vice President Tsutomu Ota, Representative Director
¥423.7 billion (consolidated)
¥279.0 billion (non-consolidated) (as of March 31, 2019)
13,151 (consolidated)
3,804 (non-consolidated) (as of March 31, 2019)
Head Office
West Japan Head Office
Number of Business Offices
Major Banks
Independent Auditor
29-20, Shibuya 3-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo TEL: +81-3-5778-1111 (switchboard)
URL: http://www.exeo.co.jp
2-10, Uchihonmachi 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka TEL: +81-6-6350-4057
Branch offices: 15 Sales offices: 21
Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Seiyo Audit Corporation
Overseas Bases
Philippines
MG EXEO NETWORK, INC.
Thailand
EXEO ASIA COMPANY LIMITED
Singapore
EXEO GLOBAL Pre. Ltd.
  Business Bases (As of July 1, 2019) Domestic bases:( Branches/ Offices)
 Head Office West Japan Head Office
15 Branches
21 Sales Offices Shizuoka Office
Mie Office Gifu Office Wakayama Office Matsuyama Office Kochi Office Yamaguchi Office Shimane Office
  Hokkaido Branch Tohoku Branch Ibaraki Branch Chiba Branch Minami Kanto Branch Koshin Branch Tokai Branch Kansai Branch
Kyoto Branch Hyogo Branch Hokuriku Branch Shikoku Branch Chugoku Branch Kyushu Branch Okinawa Branch
Iwate Office Yamagata Office Fukushima Office Niigata Office Nagano Office Ibaraki Office Chiba Office Saitama Office
Kumamoto Office Kitakyushu Office Nagasaki Office Oita Office Minami-Kyushu Office
Bases of Five Major Consoli- dated Subsidiaries
EXEO TECH CORPORATION Daiwa Densetsu Corporation C-CUBE Corporation
Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd. NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD.
  Consolidated Financial and Non-financial Highlights
 Orders received (¥Billion)
Net sales (¥Billion)
Operating income (¥Billion)
Profit attributable to owners of parent (¥Billion)
Net Sales by Segment (2018)
SYSTEM SOLUTIONS ¥73.4 billion
424.3
325.0
2017 2018
495.0
2019 (plan)
423.7
2018
495.0
2019 (plan)
31.7
2018
32.0
2019 (plan)
40.2
       312.6
2017
25.6
2017
17.9
2017
21.8
17.3%
Urban infrastructure ¥108.6 billion
25.6%
    Telecommunications Infrastructure ¥241.6 billion 57.1%
    3 Corporate Report 2019
2018 2019 (plan)
Note: The figures are rounded to the first decimal place.

         Strength of the KYOWA EXEO Group
Drawing on the Group’s strengths of “Total Process,” “Total Solution” and “Nationwide Expansion,” we continue to pro- vide high-quality services to meet diversifying customer needs through the concerted Group-wide power.
 1
From Planning to Maintenance
Total process coverage (end-to-end process management) Planning and development Construction Operations and maintenance
Optical-fiber networks
Networks
Mobile (LTE-Advanced)
Civil engineering, Reduction of above-street wiring
NI solutions, SI solutions
Renewable energy (solar power facilities), Eco business (wood biomass boilers) Electric and air-conditioning facilities for large buildings, data centers, etc. Home ICT, smart house
One-stop construction services across Japan · Multiple-carrier migration and migration compatibility
                  2
Group of Professionals Who Are Acquainted with Every Kind of Technology
Support Nationwide
3
   1 Total Process
We respond to customers’ needs with one-
stop services from planning and development to construction, operation and maintenance, which are sustained by high engineering and technological capabilities.
2 Total Solution
We meet diversified customers’ needs by fully
drawing on the latest technologies in a wide variety of fields such as telecommunications, civil engineering, electricity, network integration (NI) and system integration (SI).
3 Nationwide Expansion
We are prepared to meet every kind of
customer need, which can be covered by our operating bases and Group compa- nies located throughout the nation.
  Business Fields
Target portfolio
(FY16–FY20Medium-TermManagementPlan)
   Number of days of paid leave taken per employee (Note 1)
13.3 13.3
Turnover rate for employees with up to three years of service (%) (Note 1)
Number of female management executives (Note 1)
Ratio of female management 14 executives
Number of new graduates employed (Note 1)
Number of employees with IT-related expert qualifications (Note 1)
270 280
Number of serious accidents (Notes 1 and 2)
CO2 emissions (t-CO2) (Note 1)
6,536 6,572 6,524
12.6
14
Female 16
Male 14 15 73 80
System Solutions Network Integration
System Integration
Urban infrastructure
Telecommunications facilities Electricity supply
Urban civil engineering Environmental engineering
Urban 25%
Telecommunications Infrastructure
Network engineering Access engineering Mobile engineering
System Solutions
Telecommunications Infrastructure
64%
54% FY20
System Solutions
21%
Telecommunications Infrastructure
  13%
Urban infra- structure
23%
FY15
¥287.4 bn
¥500.0bn infrastructure
Expansionofsalesandbusiness domains by development into new domains
          10
8 7 1.5%69
215
     111
2016 2017 2018 2016 2017 2018 2016 2017 2018 2016 2017 2018 2016 2017 2018 2016 2017 2018 2016 2017 2018
6 0.8% 1.1%
       Notes: 1. On a non-consolidated basis.
2. This pertains to the number of serious accidents as defined by the Company.
Corporate Report 2019 4
 About KYOWA EXEO
Total solutions

       Milestones of the KYOWA EXEO Group
 Since its foundation in May 1954 as Kyowa Densetsu Kaisha, Ltd., KYOWA EXEO has continued to create “Linkages” in society.
 May 1954 Jul. 1954
Feb. 1963 Sep. 1963
Feb. 1972 May 1991 Mar. 1999
1954~
Corporate History
Company established as Kyowa Densetsu Aug. 2011 Kaisha, Ltd.
Qualified to participate in telecommunica-
tions facility tenders for Nippon Telegraph
and Telephone (now NTT) Nov. 2011
WAKO ENGINEERING CORP., Daiwa Densetsu Corporation and Ikeno Tsuken Co., Ltd., were converted into wholly owned subsidiaries
ICOMSYSTECH Co., Ltd., was converted into a wholly owned subsidiary
WHERE Inc. was converted into a wholly owned subsidiary
C-CUBE Corporation, Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd. and NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD. was converted into a wholly owned subsidiary
DeClout in Singapore was converted into a wholly owned subsidiary
1990~
1991 Changed company name to KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
1998 Entered into the NI business.
1999 Completed construction of the new company building in Shibuya (head office)
    1954 Company established as Kyowa Densetsu
Kaisha, Ltd.
Dec. 2015 Oct. 2018
May. 2019
1980~
1982 Entered the SI business 1986 Entered the environ-
ment business (Water treatment)
Listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Began engaging in telecommunications and electric power construction outside that for NTT
Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Changed company name to KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
Relocated head office to current address in Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
 Publicized the change of the company name
                  Head Office of the Company then located in Minato-ku, Tokyo
       1963 Listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo
Stock Exchange
1963 Started overseas operations
(Honduras)
1972 Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo
Stock Exchange
Telecommunications line works
Engineering works adopting shield method
Sewage treatment facilities using a bio-module system
1974 Net Sales: ¥50.0 Billion
1988 Net Sales: ¥100.0 Billion
   Leap Period
                                                    Reform Period
Entered other businesses in the pursuit of business expansion.
                                       Foundation Period
Under the trade name of Kyowa Densetsu Kaisha, Ltd.,
contributed to the development of telecommunication facilities in line with Cooperation and Harmonization.
                           5 Corporate Report 2019
             
      2018 Net Sales: ¥423.7 Billion
New Foundation Period
Fiscal 2020 Targets
   2006 Net Sales: ¥300.0 Billion
Net Sales ¥500 Billion
Operating income ¥33 Billion
Focusing Group strengths to take total solutions to
a new growth stage.
    1997 Net Sales: ¥200.0 Billion
 Growth Period
Under the name of
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION,
broke the mold and continually ventured out to address
new challenges
2017~
Enhanced Collaboration in the ICT Solutions Field.
2017 Entered capital and business alliance with Nextgen, Inc.
2017 Started strategic collaboration with CA Technologies.
2017 The Company’s total services to support customers’ installation of the “Skype for Business” communication platform were certified as Skype Operations Framework (SOF)–compliant.
2017 Started strategic collaboration with SecondXight, Inc. 2017 Entered capital and business alliance with Phone Appli Inc.
2018 Awarded the FY 2017 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation
(Chairman Prize for ECCJ in the Product Category & Business Model Category).
2018 Acquired C-CUBE Corporation, Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd. and NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD.
Moved toward further growth in the 21st century.
2000~
                           2009 KANAC Corp. was converted into a wholly owned subsidiary
2011 WAKO ENGINEERING CORP., Daiwa Densetsu Corpo- ration and Ikeno Tsuken Co., Ltd., were converted into wholly owned subsidiaries
2014 AID Holdings Inc. (the holding company of ADVANCED INFORMATION DESIGN Co., Ltd.) was converted into a wholly owned subsidiary
                                                           2018 Acquired Kohken Co., LTD., which engages in anticorrosion paint operations.
2018 Acquired Leng Aik Engineering Pte. Ltd., an electrical engineering and general facility construction company in Singapore, and its group companies.
From left, Ms. Tee Lea Cheng and Mr. Tan Seow Leng of LAE;
Mr. Fuminori Kozono (Chairman of KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION); and Mr. Tan Cheok Perg and Mr. Tay Kuan Hwee of LAE.
2019 Established EXEO GLOBAL Pte. Ltd.
in Singapore to enhance global business
development.
—DeClout Limited of Singapore joined the KYOWA EXEO Group.
Entrance of DeClout
                                                  2019 Established the Digital Transformation Strategic Division to promote digital transformation.
                     Corporate Report 2019 6
       Milestones of the KYOWA EXEO Group

  TOP MESSAGE
  Thank you for your understanding and continuing support for the overall business operations of the KYOWA EXEO Group.
I assumed the post of President of KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION as of June 21, 2019. Following the management integration with three other companies in western Japan, which was completed on October 1, 2018, the Group further solidified its strengths—“Total Process,”
“Total Solution” and “Nationwide Construction Services”—based on its long-accumulated technological capabilities. I intend to strive for Group-wide business development by leveraging my experience in the information communications business to achieve innovation-conscious operational reforms in response to the problems of our customers and society and to pursue design thinking through enhanced cooperation among different departments while adhering to the sound traditions of the Group.
The EXEO of the KYOWA EXEO Group is the Latin “exeo,” which refers to breaking the mold and continually venturing out to address new challenges. Reaffirming the meaning of the company name, we will continue to make flexible responses to a changing business environment and provide total solutions in a wide range of business fields by gathering the strength of the entire Group, thereby contributing to society as a corporation creating an affluent living environment. With such an attitude as a pillar of our CSR management, we will aim to achieve the sustainable growth of the Group.
7 Corporate Report 2019

                                          みんなを「つなぐ」と未来はもっと明るく楽しい
KYOWA EXEO aims to be a true “ICT Innovation & Engineering Company.”
President & CEO
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
  Contributing to the Sustainable Growth of Society
In recent years, the roles to be undertaken by compa- nies for international issues such as the preservation of the global environment and respect for human rights have become increasingly important.
Taking such social trends into consideration, we aim to create value jointly with society and achieve sustain- able growth by identifying and accommodating impor- tant issues for our stakeholders and the KYOWA EXEO Group in terms of the environment, society and gover- nance (ESG).
Moreover, bearing in mind the Sustainable Develop- ment Goals (SDGs), which were adopted by the United Nations in 2015, we will comply with the Charter of Corpo- rate Behavior put forward by the Keidanren (Japan Busi- ness Federation) and perform corporate social responsibility (CSR) through our primary businesses.
Business Results, Initiatives and Achievements of Fiscal 2018
Our business environment in fiscal 2018 remained successful as in the previous fiscal year. Market compe- tition regarding new services started in the
telecommunications sector, as represented by the entry of a telecom carrier into the financial business sector. Moreover, the reinforcement and improvement of infor- mation communications networks and the user environ- ment were promoted in line with the increased data traffic due to the expanded use of smartphones and various smart devices. In the system solutions sector, artificial intelligence (AI) and cloud technologies started spreading in society in various business settings, thereby drastically expanding the markets leveraging big data. In the construction sector, ahead of the forthcoming Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games 2020, the redevelop- ment business prospered in the Tokyo metropolitan area and construction investment by municipalities throughout the country continued at high levels associated with diverse initiatives for regional revitalization, disaster pre- vention and mitigation projects.
Under such circumstances, the KYOWA EXEO Group conducted management integration on October 1, 2018, with three other companies in western Japan, that is, C-CUBE Corporation, Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd. and NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD. Furthermore, in the Global sector, all group companies of Leng Aik Engineer- ing Pte. Ltd., which engages in electrical engineering and general facility construction in Singapore, were converted into subsidiaries in November 2018, and EXEO GLOBAL
   Corporate Report 2019
8
    TOP MESSAGE

  TOP MESSAGE
 Pte. Ltd. was established in Singapore as a regional headquarters in Asia.
The Group achieved record-high profits thanks to the management integration with three companies in west- ern Japan and overseas business development in the Global sector in addition to the business expansion due to the aforementioned activities.
In the telecommunications infrastructure business, we mainly strove to increase the construction efficiency mainly of fixed telecommunications-related optical line connection works, and focused on swiftly completing works to cope with the openings of wireless phone base stations by major customers. We also addressed aged facility restoration works and works to help facili- ties recover from typhoon disasters. Moreover, in mo- bile telecommunications-related works, we promoted works relating to the reinforcement and improvement of wireless phone base stations for the 4G frequency band countrywide.
In the urban infrastructure business, we received orders for several large-scale work projects such as countermeasures for 700-MHz reception difficulty in digital terrestrial televisions, electrical equipment instal- lation for large buildings and the construction of waste treatment facilities. Meanwhile, the three acquired companies in western Japan addressed large-scale
orders for large public works; disaster prevention infra- structure works for municipalities and government agencies; telecommunications facilities works for railway companies; installation works for hydrogen supply stations utilizing solar power generation; and electrical equipment installation works in Okinawa.
In the system solutions business, apart from various system development projects that comprise the base of the business, we worked to extend new solution fields, including enterprise application integration (EAI) solu- tions. In addition, we received orders for various solu- tions targeting municipalities and educational institutions, as well as for such works as education- related and IP private branch exchange (PBX) renewal works. The NIPPON DENTSU group made group-wide efforts in order-receiving activities such as the develop- ment of mission-critical and information systems, the provision of security network-related implementation services and the building of IT infrastructure systems. Consequently, the group received orders for projects such as large-scale SI projects, office computer re- placement projects, works for high-speed broadband services.
Furthermore, in the agri-business field, which the Group entered as a new pillar of profits, the C-CUBE group started sales of SWEET CUBE tomatoes with
 9 Corporate Report 2019

   Operation highlight
 Orders received (¥billion)
495.0
Net sales (¥billion)
312.6
2017
495.0
Operating income (¥billion) 31.7
32.0
         325.0
2017
424.3
2018 2019 (plan)
423.7
2018
2019 (plan)
25.6
2017
2018 2019 (plan)
   high sugar content, which were produced by next- generation farms that leverage the latest ICT.
As a result, for fiscal 2018, the KYOWA EXEO Group recorded orders received amounting to ¥424.3 billion (up 31% year over year) and achieved consoli- dated net sales of ¥423.7 billion (up 36% year over year) and operating income of ¥31.7 billion (up 24% year over year).
Following the management integration, the three ac- quired companies in western Japan promoted the reform of their business structure, work style reforms and the enhancement of their earning power.
In the system solutions business, the C-CUBE group moved ahead with structural reform initiatives that focused on the provision of various solutions for municipalities and educational institutions, thereby enabling a base for sus- tainable growth by attaining record-high segment profit in the second half of fiscal 2018.
Furthermore, as part of the work style reforms aimed at promoting more flexible ways of working, the Seibu Electric Industry group engaged in trials toward the implementation of a telework scheme mainly for those employees who assume the task of raising children and taking care of the elderly while working.
The NIPPON DENTSU group continued to address its four priority measures: Expansion of Orders Re- ceived, Promotion of Group-wide Collaboration, Human Resource Development and Enhanced Utilization of IT. The group thus made efforts to reinforce its business base and profit-earning capability through its commit- ment to these policies.
Outlook for Fiscal 2019
Following the management integration with three companies in western Japan, the KYOWA EXEO Group reviewed the numerical targets in the current Medium-Term Management Plan for the remaining two years through fiscal 2020 and changed fiscal 2020 targets as follows: net sales of ¥500.0 billion, operat- ing income of ¥33.0 billion, return on equity (ROE) of 8.5% and earnings per share (EPS) of ¥210. In the future, we will endeavor to flexibly respond to changes in the business environment and establish a solid man- agement foundation by generating group synergies in cooperation with the respective companies in western Japan.
In the information communications sector, expansion is expected in the development of information communica- tions networks such as the works for fixed- and mobile- composite 5G-compliant communications, which are requested by customers, and the reinforcement of wire- less phone base stations as a countermeasure against a surge in data traffic, although telecom carriers will continue to curtail their capital investments over the medium to long term. In addition, our new one-stop coverage system nationwide will enable us to establish an efficient construc- tion system by reviewing the Group formation so that management resources can be consolidated into areas where disaster recovery and related works for Expo 2025 Osaka, Kansai, Japan are anticipated. Furthermore, we expect ICT-related investments to continue rising in line with the expansion of new IoT services that utilize AI, the cloud and big data.
  Corporate Report 2019 10
  TOP MESSAGE

  TOP MESSAGE
 In spite of concerns over labor shortage in the con- struction sector, in view of the forthcoming Tokyo Olym- pic and Paralympic Games 2020, various related works for athletic arenas and in surrounding areas are reach- ing a peak in the Tokyo metropolitan area, and invest- ments by municipalities throughout the country is expected to continue steadily in line with various initia- tives for regional revitalization, disaster prevention and mitigation projects.
In addition, we will strive for further business expan- sion by focusing on the establishment of the global business and new key businesses.
In fiscal 2019, we will strive to generate group syner- gies in cooperation with the three companies in western Japan and other subsidiaries in the telecommunications carriers business. Moreover, we intend to strengthen marketing activities in the urban infrastructure and system solutions businesses, both of which are posi- tioned as growth businesses, to expand our business and establish a solid management base.
On April 1, 2019, the Company established the Digital Transformation Strategic Division, a new organi- zation aimed at promoting digital transformation (herein- after, “DX”). DX refers to the pursuit of optimal solutions in terms of products and services, as well as of the relevant business models and IT technology that sup- ports such models, through operational reforms that
leverage data and digital technology. The trend toward DX has been expanding rapidly in almost all industries, and DX has therefore attracted attention as a new growth domain in the system solutions sector.
The Digital Transformation Strategic Division will pursue ideal business operations within the KYOWA EXEO Group in cooperation with the respective depart- ments/sections. The Division will also drive work style reforms aimed at improving productivity by thoroughly reviewing business processes and promoting digitaliza- tion. Subsequently, the Division will feed back the knowledge and know-how obtained during DX-related activities to the respective departments in the form of case studies and best practices as reference for when customers implement DX. The Division thus assumes the central position in expanding the new DX-based solution business.
We have already launched several operational re- forms on previously noted issues, including slip pro- cessing work to settle expenses; reporting from construction worksites to KYOWA EXEO’s Head Office; and the implementation of video communication tools. We will continue to promote these work style reforms and focus on converting knowledge obtained therefrom into value that can be provided to customers.
  SDGs initiatives through business activities (KYOWA EXEO Group)
To page 27
  1 Achievement of a safe and secure society through the infrastructure business
Achieve urban develop- ment that is safe and secure for everybody, as well as contributing to building infrastructure that is resilient to natural disas- ters
Promotion of recycling and effective utilization of resources; achievement of a society for the prevention of global warming
Resolution of social issues and achievement of an affluent society through IoT technology
2 Achievement of an affluent society through the solution business
     3 Global environment conservation and achievement of a recycling-oriented society
4 Achievementoffavorablecommunicationwith stakeholders
To meet the expectations of stakeholders, favorable communication will be strengthened to resolve issues
   11 Corporate Report 2019

     ESG and SDGs Initiatives
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s corporate philosophy includes cultivating technological capabilities, seeking affluence and contributing to society. Under this phi- losophy and with its technological capabilities as a driver of growth, the Group has grown to be the way it is now, while reflecting the needs of the times. The Group’s technological capabilities now contribute significantly to the resolution of social issues at home and abroad. The KYOWA EXEO Group will continue to address social issues and help solve them through its businesses, thereby achieving sustainable growth with society. While we will continue to address the CSR and ESG activities that we have been tackling, by categorizing these activities in each item under the SDGs, we came to realize the diversity of value that the KYOWA EXEO Group can provide to customers and society.
You will understand that the CSR and ESG activities in which the Group has engaged have solved many social issues. I personally have recognized anew that our embodiment of the Group’s corporate philosophy in everyday business has helped to solve a variety of social issues.
Consequently, we have decided to disclose the “EXEO Group and SDGs” newsletter to students wanting to join the Company, customers and our in-house departments and periodically add news sources and content. I am confident that we can earn new orders if employees at the respective depart- ments learn about the attractive, diversified business activities within the Group and take up such topics when visiting customers.
Distributing Returns to Shareholders
The KYOWA EXEO Group regards profit distribution to shareholders as an important managerial issue and has a basic policy of ensuring stable dividends, while con- sidering business results, the future business environ- ment and investments for ensuring financial strength and business expansion.
Regarding dividends, we employ a dividend on equity (DOE) of 3.5% as the benchmark percentage. Accord- ingly, the annual dividend per share for fiscal 2018 was ¥70.
For fiscal 2019, also applying a DOE of 3.5% as the benchmark percentage, we plan to set the annual dividend per share at ¥80 (an interim dividend per share of ¥40 and a year-end dividend per share of ¥40).
Regarding the purchase of treasury shares, we make it a policy to flexibly conduct purchases in view of cash flows and market conditions and plan to purchase ¥5.0 billion during the first half of fiscal 2019.
In addition, we will maintain a stable high level of ROE by promoting the growth of income and enhancing capital efficiency and continue to seek greater EPS.
Establishing a continuous cycle that starts with rais- ing the awareness of employees, which activates the organization and leads to offering services appreciated by customers and better business performance, will result in the distribution of higher profits to sharehold- ers. We will strive to enhance corporate value through raising business performance and aggressively distrib- uting profits to shareholders.
  Corporate Report 2019 12
  TOP MESSAGE

 Business Overview
  Linking all Communications. We Contribute to Creating an Affluent Society
with Two Types of Solutions.
The KYOWA EXEO Group works to contribute to the realization of an affluent society and perform its corporate social responsibility through its business activities by providing high value-added ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS and
SYSTEM SOLUTIONS.
Telecommunications Infrastructure
As broadband services are expanding toward the build- ing of a safe and secure ICT society, the diversification and sophistication of various technologies are under way. We provide consistent quality services from plan- ning and design to construction, operation and mainte- nance for all types of communications equipment and facilities throughout the country based on performance over the years and excellent technologies.
To page 15
  13 Corporate Report 2019
 ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS
 
   SYSTEM SOLUTIONS
     Building a better, brighter future together
  Urban infrastructure
We are engaged in works related to redevelopment projects toward 2020 in the Tokyo metropolitan area and public works in line with the government’s initia- tives for building national resilience, including the installation of telecommunications (except for tele- communications carrier-related), electrical and air- conditioning facilities and urban civil engineering works. We are also working to establish social infra- structure toward the realization of a recycling-oriented society by engaging in renewable energy (e.g., bio- mass) and other environment-related works and the construction of environmental plants.
To page 17
Drawing on our ICT technologies, we are offering total solutions in both the network integration (NI) field, which provides the establishment, operation and main- tenance of telecommunication network systems for corporations from establishing LAN/WANs to cloud services, and the system integration (SI) field, which is establishing systems for corporations such as tele- communications carriers, financial institutions and manufacturers.
To page 18
  Corporate Report 2019 14
Business Overview

  Business Overview
  NTT Group
We are working to establish various telecommunications facilities for the NTT Group companies.
 Access engineering:
We lay optical fiber cable net- works, which are indispensable for high-speed communications networking, and install the Fiber To The Home (FTTH) system to provide broadband services such as the Internet to corporations and households. EXEO’s world-leading, high-quality construction technolo- gies, which have won five gold medals at the World Skills Compe- tition, are
supporting
the ever-
evolving
information
communica-
tions age.
Network engineering:
We inspect, design, build, monitor and operate networks using leading-edge routers and servers. We also design, construct and maintain switchers, transmission equipment and power equipment at nationwide legacy facilities, all of which support today’s commu- nications networks.
Mobile engineering:
We provide total services to achieve comfortable mobile communications environments not only inside build- ings where people gather but also inside station premises and tunnels. Our services include negotiations for installation, prior investigations and design of wireless phone base stations, and we establish mobile communications facilities in general, conduct
quality surveys and provide various types of mainte- nance.
      15 Corporate Report 2019
ENGINEERING SOLUTION
Telecommunications Infrastructure
  
and contributing to society
Supporting the core business for KYOWA EXEO
Michio Sagawa, an employee of the Company, was recognized in 2015 by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare as an outstanding skilled worker (master craftsman), in appreciation of his years of involvement in the wiring and installation works for information and communications facilities, which contributed to raising the quality of telecommunications works, as well as in the training of the Company’s employees and instruc- tors, which produced many medalists at the National Skills Competition.
Contributing to the development of the information and communications industries overseas
Since 1998, the Company has been providing foreign engineers with lectures and facility tours for fostering optical access installation engineers as part of the “BHN Human Resources Development Program” hosted by the BHN Association, a nonprofit organiza- tion. We will continue to be actively engaged in contributing to the strengthening and enhancement of technical capabilities and the development of human resources to promote the growth of information and communications industries at home and abroad.
               NCC
We are also working to establish various telecommunications facilities for new common carriers (NCCs), or telecommunications carriers other than the NTT group.
Telecommunications facilities
We construct telecommunications facilities for new common carriers (NCCs) such as the KDDI Group, the Softbank Group and the Rakuten Group.
Handing down the technology
    Corporate Report 2019 16
Business Overview

  Business Overview
   ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS
Urban infrastructure
 Telecommunications facilities
We construct telecommunications facilities for munici- palities and government agencies, cable television com- panies, railway companies and other
customers based on performance
over the years and excellent technol- ogies.
Electricity supply
We are providing a broad range of consistent services from design and construction to maintenance for office buildings and commercial buildings, as well as telecommunications, power generation, air-conditioning and hygiene facilities nationwide. We can handle various projects from
general electrical work to intricate electric
power construction that requires highly
advanced technologies.
We are also contributing to society in ener-
gy-saving fields such as mega solar power
generation and LED lighting projects.
Urban civil engineering
We establish telecommunications facilities such as manholes and underground conduits, rehabilitate building structures and install
electricity cables underground.
We are establishing a social infra- structure with a consistent opera- tional structure from design and construction to maintenance.
Environmental engineering
We utilize our waste treatment technologies for incinera- tion and recycling facilities and our wood biomass boilers and other such renewable energy technologies and water treatment technologies for
industrial wastewater treatment facili- ties and sewage treatment facilities. We offer such comprehensive ecotechnologies with low environ- mental burden from planning, pro- posal and construction to operation.
        17 Corporate Report 2019

    SYSTEM SOLUTIONS
 Network Integration (NI)
The Group offers various types of solutions drawing on ICT technolo- gies, including network system engineering collaborated with cloud technology and services, as well as wireless LAN solutions, video solutions and IoT solutions utilizing mesh network beacons.
System Integration (SI)
To help customers solve their management issues, we provide system solution services tailored to a variety of customer needs, which encompass everything from con- sulting to development, construc- tion, maintenance and operation, through the combination of optimal solutions.
Integrated cloud engineering
Security solutions Wireless LAN solutions Monitoring camera and video solutions EXBeacon solutions
IoT and sensing solutions Energy conservation and smart energy solutions Disaster prevention/mitigation and disaster response solutions Home network solutions Operation, monitoring and maintenance services Business improvement solutions process analysis, BPM and RPM System Of Engagement (SoE) solutions ESB, ETL and API Development and operation efficiency improvement solutions DevOps Monitoring solutions NW, servers and applications Business support solutions MS-D365, MS-O365, AI Cloud PBX solutions
Global
We are conducting business mainly in Southeast Asia, including works for communications facilities in the Philippines led by MG EXEO Network Inc., a Philippines-based consolidated subsidiary of the Com- pany established in 1991. In addi- tion, EXEO ASIA COMPANY LIMITED, a Thai-based consolidated subsidiary of the Company, was established in
January 2018 to provide local Japanese- affiliated corporations with ICT solutions.
      Major solutions
Unified telephone communication systems
Network and server solutions
Corporate Report 2019 18
 Business Overview

  事業概要
 KYOWA EXEO Group Structure
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
 (As of July 1, 2019)
 Five Major Consolidated Subsidiaries
  C-CUBE Corporation
 Insightful company that employs the best people to deliver advanced technology and exciting communications offerings
Since its foundation, C-CUBE Corporation has taken advantage of the latest technology to engage in a broad range of businesses including telecommunications facilities works, general equipment works and information services.
Given the current transformation among industries toward collaboration between various fields utilizing ICT infrastructure, the entire C-CUBE group will continue to take on challenges across the board to be an insightful company that can employ the best people to deliver advanced technology and exciting communications offerings by addressing business structure reforms.
Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd.
Aiming to further develop business via the dreams, wishes and pride of our employees
With the Kyushu region as its home turf, Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd., engages in various businesses such as the mainstay information and communications, ICT solution and social infrastructure businesses.
Seibu Electric Industry affiliated with the KYOWA EXEO Group in October 2018. We will endeavor to establish a construction system adaptable to diversified customer needs with enhanced productivity. We will also take on the challenge of business growth and development and proactively maximize synergies from the business integration.
With the beginning of a new era, Reiwa, as a turning point, we will strive to contribute to society by better leveraging our strengths. Moreover, we will aspire for further growth and development of our business while building on the dreams, wishes and pride of every employee.
NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD.
Becoming a company that contributes to a society where people can live safely
Since its foundation, NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD., has contributed to creating a society where people can live safely through the construction of a telecommunications infrastructure and the development of its peripheral equipment. NIPPON DENTSU put its management resources into product development at an early stage. Representative products that have enjoyed popularity include the inspection system for a leading manufacturer, the PIANO PHONE; vibration analysis systems; fee management systems; and the Oresse reception system. Moreover, in our history of growth, we have always emphasized customer satisfaction, as represented by the provision of information system maintenance and operational services nationwide.
In recent years, as part of our CSR efforts, we created an endowment system to support creative activities from the Kansai area in the media art domain (artistic expression using digital technology) to support the fusion of art and ICT. In addition, we have started the AI solution service business to provide diverse services related to AI, IoT and the cloud. Our challenging inaugural spirit has led to business process reforms of customers by putting to use our own experience of installing Robotic Process Automation (RPA) tools, the CB Series and the BPA Series. In the future, we intend to extend business with the concerted efforts of the NDK Group and continuously pursue sustainable growth as a company trusted by customers.
EXEO TECH CORPORATION
Addressing challenges for new growth as a newly established company
As a major subsidiary dedicated to private-sector demand, EXEO TECH CORPORATION renewed its corporate structure through management integration with Exeo Network Corporation and FUJI DENSETSU CO., LTD. as of July 1, 2019.
Under its management philosophy of “While making swift responses to environmental changes based on the spirit of customer first, we provide support for information and communications services through our advanced technical abilities and quality and optimal services, thereby contributing to the realization of an affluent society,” we will continue to take on the challenges for new growth as a member of the KYOWA EXEO Group with efforts to diversify business fields and expand business operations by fully optimizing the engineers and various product offerings of the three companies.
Daiwa Densetsu Corporation
Aiming for a future full of dreams as a company that develops with local communities
Daiwa Densetsu Corporation intends to address business improvement through its desire to change itself, courage and determination by anticipating changes in the operating environment.
Daiwa Densetsu has constructed and maintained communications infrastructure facilities for 70 years as a Tohoku-based company. The market share of the NUTRIMATE food service management system for university hospitals nationwide is approaching 50%. We will further enhance Daiwa’s brand appeal by transmitting the Daiwa group’s activities internally and externally, and endeavor to create our future as a company that works with local communities primarily in the Tohoku region.
Company Name Establishment
Head Office
Representative
Paid-in Capital
Business Outline
Company Name Establishment
Head Office
Representative
Paid-in Capital
Business Outline
Company Name Establishment
Head Office
Representative
Paid-in Capital
Business Outline
Company Name Establishment Head Office
Representative
Paid-in Capital
Business Outline
Company Name Establishment Head Office
Representative
Paid-in Capital
Business Outline
C-CUBE Corporation May 14, 1954
1-51, Monzen-cho, Naka-ku, Nagoya-shi, Aichi
Representative Director and President: Hiroaki Kubozono
¥4,100 million
Telecommunications construction business, information service business, etc.
Seibu Electric Industry Co., Ltd.
July 3, 1947
7-1, Hakataekihigashi 3-chome, Hakata-ku, Fukuoka-shi, Fukuoka
Representative Director and President: Toshihiko Kumamoto
¥1,600 million
Telecommunications engineering business, ICT solution business, etc.
NIPPON DENTSU CO., LTD. October 22, 1947
21-1, Isoji 2-chome, Minato-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka
Representative Director and Chairman: Toshiro Ue
¥1,493.93 million
Telecommunications facilities engineering business and ICT solution business
EXEO TECH CORPORATION
May 20, 1948
1-23, Heiwajima 4-chome, Ota-ku, Tokyo
Representative Director and President: Yuki Sakuyama
¥450 million
Communications infrastructure, ICT solutions, environmental and social innovations, etc.
Daiwa Densetsu Corporation
August 1, 1949
5-1, Omachi 2-chome, Aoba-ku, Sendai-shi
Representative Director and President: Hideki Tohara
¥450 million
Communications infrastructure, ICT solutions, environmental and social innovations, etc.
                                      19 Corporate Report 2019

   All 72 Consolidated Subsidiaries
    KYOWA EXEO Group
C-CUBE Group
Seibu Electric Industry Group
NIPPON DENTSU Group
    All 40 consolidated subsidiaries
Major business outline of the subsidiaries
8 access engineering subsidiaries
2 civil engineering subsidiaries
1 electricity subsidiary
5 mobile telecommunications subsidiaries
17 IT subsidiaries
7 other subsidiaries
All 17 consolidated subsidiaries
Major business outline of the subsidiaries
6 access engineering subsidiaries
5 civil engineering subsidiaries
1 electricity subsidiary
2 networks subsidiaries
2 IT subsidiaries
1 other subsidiaries
All 5 consolidated subsidiaries
Major business outline of the subsidiaries
1 access engineering subsidiaries
1 electricity subsidiary
1 civil engineering subsidiaries
2 other subsidiaries
All 10 consolidated subsidiaries
Major business outline of the subsidiaries
1 access engineering subsidiaries
7 IT subsidiaries
1 networks subsidiaries
1 electricity subsidiary
17 nonconsolidated subsidiaries and 16 affiliates
 Overview of Group Companies
     Access engineering
KANAC Corporation
KANAC Corporation has grown along with the development of postwar Japan since its foundation in September 1946. We are an integrated engineering company dedicated to telecommunications facilities works, electrical equipment installation works, civil engineering works, sales of materials, manufacturing of equipment, etc.
We aim to realize our corporate philosophy of “becoming a caring company that provides comfortable lifestyles” via forward-looking management that expands business areas, enhances technological capabilities, increases the types of business and ensures safety and security, while adhering to our mottos: the K3—“Kizuki (recognition),” “Kikubari (delicate attention)” and Kizukai (solicitude)—and Omoiyari (Compassion). To this end, we will promote innovation through concerted company-wide efforts as a “vigorous corporation” and a “community-based corporation” that contributes to the development of the Group and society.
Mobile telecommunications
Denseisha Co., Ltd.
Denseisha Co., Ltd., has three business fields that are positioned as mainstay pillars and will accelerate efforts to promote them. Regarding electrical works, the oldest pillar, we started the maintenance and operation management services of waste treatment facilities in fiscal 2018. We are also participating in the reconstruction works of the Haneda Airport.
As for telecommunications infrastructure works for telecom carriers, we will ensure a construction system to accommodate the entry of new telecom carriers and 5G-related capital investments.
In the SI business, we intend to further extend our business with existing semiconductor manufacturers. In June 2018, we opened a new liaison office in Meguro-ku, Tokyo, through which we intend to increase orders received in the Tokyo area and enhance regional manufacturing and development. In terms of human resources, we will promote midcareer employment to ensure the necessary number of engineers.
Among the three mainstay pillars, we will endeavor to deploy cross-sectional human resources and mutual assistance. We will also take on the challenge of tapping into new fields. We therefore aim to be a choice company under the management philosophy of “Ingenuity, Sincerity and Enthusiasm.”
IT
DeClout Limited
DeClout Limited was converted into a wholly owned subsidiary in April 2019 due to the completion of a TOB conducted by EXEO GLOBAL Pte. Ltd., a regional headquarter company.
DeClout, with its head office in Singapore, sells IT infrastructure featuring next-generation information communications technologies and provides related services with a goal of becoming a global market leader. DeClout also provides a variety of businesses, including neutral hosting and digital trade facilitation platform services through its subordinate group companies on a global basis.
We will strive to contribute to further business growth of the KYOWA EXEO Group by maximally leveraging our broad business network.
IT
ADVANCED INFORMATION DESIGN Co., Ltd.
Since its foundation in 1980, ADVANCED INFORMATION DESIGN Co., Ltd. (AID), has engaged in system development mainly for financial institutions, as well as for diverse industries such as insurance, manufacturing, distribution, the public sector, telecommunications and medicine. AID also has proposed a broad range of application, network, security and mobile-related solutions, achieving good performance.
In the future, as a member of the KYOWA EXEO Group, we will aim for further growth and development as a company that can realize the IT solutions that customers truly desire by utilizing advanced IT technology and abundant know-how.
    Corporate Report 2019 20
 Business Overview

Special Feature
  1
Globally Extending the EXEO Quality
From Asia to the World Established EXEO GLOBAL
  The OECD Development Centre announced in its “Economic Outlook for Southeast Asia, China and India 2019” that ASEAN countries are poised to maintain steady growth momentum, averaging 5.2% per year from 2019 to 2023.
The KYOWA EXEO Group has advanced its overseas strategy of covering the ASEAN countries by establishing MG EXEO NETWORK, INC. (“MG EXEO”) and EXEO ASIA COMPANY LIMITED (“EXEO ASIA”), both of which are local joint ventures. In November 2018, the Group established EXEO GLOBAL Pte. Ltd. (“EXEO GLOBAL”) as a regional headquarters, in the global hub city of Singapore. Moreover, the Group successively converted two leading local corporations into subsidiaries via an M&A and a TOB. The Group will reinforce its structure to exert full-fledged global deployment to provide better urban infrastructure and system solutions not only in Japan but also overseas.
 Established EXEO GLOBAL, a regional headquarters, in Singapore, a global hub city
During fiscal 2018, the KYOWA EXEO Group’s global strategy entered a new stage. We reached the milestone of establishing a presence in the global hub city of Singapore. We selected Singapore because of the easy access to the capitals of the respective ASEAN countries via short flights of approximately two hours, a low corporate tax rate and a desirable business environment in which to diversify invest- ment. Moreover, the legal system has no restriction against foreign capital, allowing 100% foreign investments. To advance the Group’s global strategy, our presence in Singa- pore is essential.
In October 2018, the Group acquired all the shares of the Leng Aik Engineering Pte. Ltd. (“LAE”) group, which engag- es in electrical engineering and general facility construction, converting it into a wholly owned subsidiary. The decisive
Fumitoshi Imaizumi
Operating Officer; Department Chief, Global Business Department, ICT Solutions Headquarters;
and Managing Director, President, EXEO GLOBAL Pte. Ltd.
rationale for this acquisition was that the LAE group firmly believes in “quality-first” corporate DNA and an immediate- response corporate culture that enhances customer satis- faction. The KYOWA EXEO Group is also particular about these features. Having the LAE group as a Group member enables us to enter the urban infrastructure market, which is rapidly expanding in the ASEAN countries.
Subsequently, toward the full-fledged deployment of its global business, the KYOWA EXEO Group established EXEO GLOBAL in Singapore in November 2018. EXEO GLOBAL is a regional headquarters that facilitates the operational and strategic management of overseas subsid- iaries. Through enhanced marketing activities including sales promotion by top management and synergies among the respective subsidiaries, we have improved the Group-wide structure to identify business problems faced by growth markets and turn them into good business opportunities.
21 Corporate Report 2019
     
 Moving toward true global deployment by making DeClout a subsidiary
In March 2019, EXEO GLOBAL converted DeClout Limited into a wholly owned subsidiary through a takeover bid. DeClout has three operating companies under its control: Beaqon Pte. Ltd., which provides ICT solution, data center and neutral hosting services; vCargo Cloud Pte. Ltd., which engages in the digital trade facilitation platform business; and DeClout Investments Pte. Ltd., which is a corporate venture capital. The DeClout group’s global operations include not only the ASEAN region but also Africa and Central Asia. In particular, EXEO GLOBAL has obtained the venture capital function of DeClout Investments, thereby allowing the KYOWA EXEO Group to have a business structure that addresses the complete growth cycle discov- ering and cultivating promising start-up corporations and developing them as subsidiaries within the Group. In the future, we will accelerate the cycle of discovering and foster- ing promising corporations to realize our vision of B2B networking for true global development.
Pursuing Group synergies to aim for business models such as those in Japan
Although not much time has passed since the acquisition was completed, it has already generated Group synergies.
In booming Singapore, many projects for data center works have emerged in recent years. In view of such a situation, seasoned employees have been dispatched on
loan from the Head Office in Tokyo to coach LAE staff on processes from design to construction so that they can take on the challenge of various construction work projects including those of data centers. For example, regarding the competition for a data center extension project, our LAE team, consisting of staff from the LAE group and Beaqon who received guidance from the Tokyo Head Office, made a comprehensive presentation ranging from electrical equip- ment installation to system solutions. Although we are awaiting a debrief report on the selection, this presentation was a product of Group-wide synergies and is a model for future global deployment.
In several emerging countries, as in Japan, the number of urban infrastructure and system solutions projects has been increasing at an accelerating pace. To meet such market needs, we must promote human resource development for local employees through technology exchanges with the Head Office in Tokyo, which has accumulated substantial expertise, as well as collaborations with local corporate groups, which can supplement the technologies that exist- ing overseas subsidiaries lack or be converted into subsid- iaries. In so doing, we need to develop business models as in Japan to enable mutual synergies within a short period.
EXEO GLOBAL intends to contribute to the business growth of the KYOWA EXEO Group and the creation of a better society globally by continuously enhancing its global development.
Thailand
EXEO ASIA COMPANY LIMITED
Singapore
EXEO GLOBAL Pre. Ltd.
Leng Aik Engineering Pte.Ltd. DeClout Limited
Philippines
MG EXEO NETWORK, INC.
Globally Extending the EXEO Quality
Corporate Report 2019 22

Special Feature
  2
Opening the Way to the Future by Utilizing Digital Technology
Launched New System that Addresses Digital Transformation (DX) Across the Company
  Digital transformation for corporations refers to the profound transformation of business performance and the targeted scope by leveraging digital technologies. In the 2018 WHITE PAPER Information and Communications in Japan, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications pointed out that AI, IoT and other ICT are changing existing social and economic systems including infrastructure, institutions, organizations and production methods, resulting in a major trend to create new systems. The likely future entails a variety of fundamental changes in industry, including the deployment of new services that leverage the data collected from products (physical goods); cross-industrial collaboration utilizing automation technology and entries in different business sectors; and the transition of society from “owning” to “as-needed utilization” resulting from the popularization of sharing services.
The KYOWA EXEO Group set forth “Improvement of productivity through the digitalization of operations and the fostering of highly- skilled IT human resources” as one of the basic policies of its new Medium-Term Management Plan, which was released in May 2019. We have initiated the Digital Transformation Strategic Conference and assigned DX Promoting Leaders, who are hub-forming leaders in their respective organizations in conjunction with the Digital Transformation Strategic Division, the core entity that was established in April 2019. The Company has begun initiatives on various themes by establishing a structure to promote digital transformation via concerted company-wide efforts.
 Masahiro Kikuchi
Operating Officer and Division Chief, Digital Transformation Strategic Division
KYOWA EXEO’s DX has two objectives. One is to carry out radical innovation concerning employees’ work styles and business processes by thoroughly leveraging digital technol- ogy. In this context, the utilization of digital technology includes reviewing relevant systems and modifying informa- tion systems from medium- and long-term perspectives. The other is to cultivate our technological capabilities through these activities and obtain valuable experience and knowledge. Contributing to the development of the human resources who will be the next generation of the Group is an important mission of the Division.
To early complete works, the number of which has in- creased given the steady business environment, stably and with a high level of quality, and to cope with the labor
shortage that has affected all industries, radical business innovation using digital technology is a pressing manage- ment task. The setup of a new, DX-focused structure has inspired the awareness of diverse problems and reform- oriented ideas from diverse departments. We will strive to conduct the aforementioned DX-related tasks as company- wide activities not limited only to the Division.
We are confident the methods that helped us overcome our issues or obstacles in advancing DX internally can be leveraged as added value in the solution business of the Business Solutions Headquarters and ICT Solutions Head- quarters of the Company to help corporate customers address operational and business reforms using digital tech- nology.
23 Corporate Report 2019
 Digital transformation addressed by the KYOWA EXEO Group
   
     Helping realize true work style reforms with design thinking
We are using Office 365 throughout the
Company as a tool that radically changes
the modality of communications. To facili-
tate the introduction of the tool, we explain
it in an easy-to-understand manner con-
cretely presenting actual scenes of usage
to ensure communications between work-
sites and the Head Office via the daily use
of video calls, improve accessory tools and confirm usage conditions. We intend to address these tasks in a multi- faceted manner, ranging from the physical environment to reviewing systems, including the perspective of the social movement theory such as the Telework Day to promote remote working.
A customer who has introduced our EXBeacon platform can digitalize conventional analog data using the indoor positioning function to measure the position of targeted persons and things and then create a digital twin of the office in combination with Office 365 digital information. We look forward to designing more efficient and easy-to- use floor layouts and executing measures that inspire communication based on the digital twin data.
Shinjiro Mizuno (right)
Tsubasa Onodera (left)
Manager, Digital Transformation Strategic Division
 Digital Transformation Strategic Division
The so-called design thinking concept, which allows us to consider usability and ideal working conditions through the eyes of each employee as a user, could be useful in con- ducting work style and operational reforms using DX. We already started an initiative to popularize this technique within the Company from the viewpoint that DX could be useful in developing businesses, including the processes of creating prototypes via exchanged ideas and developing high-precision products and services via repeated steps of verification and improvement. Internal recognition and the level of employees’ understanding have been improving little by little, through such activities as the attendance of our management executives, for example, at a Design Thinking workshop held at the site of a former restaurant.
    Improving operational efficiency and quality by optimizing information systems and utilizing new technologies such as AI and IoT
Shun Kanai (left)
Assistant Manager, Digital Transformation Strategic Division
Yukari Tanioka (right)
Digital Transformation Strategic Division
ensure quality work-related services to our customers.
Meanwhile, our review of basic design is underway to accommodate flexible and
 We will address the optimization and restructuring of IT system infrastructure, which supports the Group’s business, by incorporating the DX approach, not limited to the revision of the conventional approach.
To provide customers with various services such as work- related services, system integration, ICT solutions, quickly at high levels of quality, IT infrastructure has an important role in supporting not only inter-department or inter-company cooperation within the Group but also broad collaboration with corporate customers as service recipients and collabo- rators. In addition to the swift and efficient provision of services, we intend to develop an IT infrastructure as a base, on which workers can comfortably work, by optimiz- ing and restructuring the IT infrastructure with new technolo- gies and innovative ideas.
The utilization of AI and IoT technologies at construction- and work-related departments is an important theme for the safety improvement of various operations and the efficiency improvement of construction inspections. We believe that safe and secure working conditions for all related parties will
quick additions of functions to shared administrative opera- tions such as attendance management and settlement of expenses. In addition, we will need to respond to the diver- sifying work styles of Group employees, including those at work-related departments who spend most of their day working outdoors. The Division continues to hear from employees at the respective departments to identify optimal, cross-sectional systems based on company-wide users’ viewpoint.
We have noticed that there are some unexpectedly dangerous areas at our worksites. The ultimate work quality of “Zero Accident” begins with our preparations to predict and avoid any such danger. We therefore intend to address these issues via operational reforms based on design thinking while maintaining an awareness of the viewpoint of employees who actually work in those areas.
We would like to aggressively absorb and apply the advanced technologies necessary to exert work style or operational reforms while considering, executing and con- firming the realization of DX.
Corporate Report 2019 24
 Opening the Way to the Future by Utilizing Digital Technology

KYOWA EXEO Group’s
Corporate Value Creation Process
KYOWA EXEO will contribute to the resolution of social issues through its businesses (technologies) and strive for sustainable growth with society.
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s corporate philosophy includes cultivating technological capabilities, seeking affluence and contribut- ing to society. Under this philosophy and with its technological capabilities as a driver of growth, the Group has grown to be the way it is now, while reflecting the needs of the times. The Group’s technological capabilities now contribute significantly to the resolution of social issues at home and abroad. The KYOWA EXEO Group will continue to address social issues and help solve
  them through its businesses, thereby achieving sustainable growth with society.
 Major social issues:
Global warming
Labor shortage due to the decline in domestic population Energy problems
Urban concentration
Japan’s falling birthrate, super aging population Cyber attacks, etc.
Declining fixed-line phones
Labor shortage in the construction industry
  Medium- to long-term business environment:
  Telecommunications HelprealizeahighlyadvancedICTsocietythrough
Infrastructure
our telecommunications infrastructure business
Telecommunications Infrastructure Business
Social issues to be solved through the telecommunications infrastructure business:
Continued upgrading of broadband telecommunications (LTE LTE-Advanced 5G)
Facilitates the operations that address the reception difficulty for the 700-MHz band
Expanding the demand for optical fiber access services through 4K and 8K UHD (ultra-high definition) displays and the Hikari Collaboration
  Urban Help realize a society where safety and security are
 infrastructure
ensured through our urban infrastructure business
Urban infrastructure business
Social issues to be solved through the urban infrastructure business:
Ensures a globally comparable level of landscape by promoting the undergrounding of overhead power lines Expanding public investments for building national resilience (e.g., installation of monitoring cameras, refurbishment of highways)
Renewal of aging waste disposal plants Renewable energy sources, including biomass
  System Help realize a society that is friendly to the environment
 Solutions
System Solutions Business
and people through our system solutions business
Social issues to be solved through the system solutions business:
Reform of industrial structures through the cloud, IoT, big data, etc.
Promotes the deepening of communication
Solutions for advanced security
ODA (Official Development Assistance)-related efforts to address the economic growth of Southeast Asia
  25 Corporate Report 2019
Social needs toward the Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics
Transition to the next- generation wireless technology (5G)
Reinforcement of disaster management, etc.
   Human Resources Are Our Chief Asset
KYOWA EXEO contributes to society through its high technological capabilities, which are underpinned by its excellent human resources.
Therefore, we regard human resources as a chief asset, and set as a principle that excellent human resources should be acquired and developed along with a conducive working environment for our employees.
       
 Provision
of value to various stakeholders
Society Shareholders and investors Customers Employees
KYOWA EXEO Group’s
Technological Capabilities
Human resources as a chief asset
Special Feature
Value offered for society:
Convenient and affluent life
Safe and secure society
Green-rich Earth
Contribution to technological development
Creation of highly productive employment opportunities
Support for restoration of disaster-afflicted areas
More disaster-resilient infrastructure Enhancement of energy efficiency
1
Globally Extending the EXEO Quality
Go to P.21
Opening the Way to the Future by Utilizing Digital Technology
Go to P.23
Special Feature
2
Sustainable Corporate Value Creation
KYOWA EXEO Group’s Corporate Value Creation Process
Important issues for the KYOWA EXEO Group to achieve sustainable growth
Developing human resources / developing and handing down technologies
Corporate Report 2019 26

KYOWA EXEO Group and SDGs  KYOWA EXEO will contribute to the resolution of social issues through its businesses and strive for sustainable growth with society.
In recent years, the roles to be undertaken by companies for international issues such as the preservation of the global environment and respect for human rights have become increasingly important. Taking such social trends into consideration, we consider them to be
important issues for the KYOWA EXEO Group in terms of the environment, society and governance (ESG).
Moreover, bearing in mind the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which were adopted by the United Nations in 2015, we will perform corporate social responsibility (CSR) through our primary businesses and aim to create value jointly with society and achieve
sustainable growth.

1. Achievement of a safe and secure society through the infrastructure business
Achieve urban development that is safe and secure for everybody, as well as contributing to building infrastructure that is resilient to natural disastersContributing to the improvement of various kinds of infrastructure
Improving information communications infrastructure
We provide consistent quality services from planning and design to construction, operation and maintenance for all types of communications equipment and facilities of telecom carriers, throughout the country based on our performance over the years and excellent technologies.
Construction of an outdoor mobile phone Access engineering-related work base station
Promoting “barrier-free”
(Closer to communities and people by leveraging our technological capabilities)
We aim to create and help realize an environment where anybody can live safely by accommodating barrier-free conditions, the norm of the times. To help create welfare-based communities, we provide support from plan proposal and design to manufacturing of equipment, construction and maintenance in aspects of both software and hardware.
    Establishing a variety of infrastructure facilities and equipment mainly in Southeast Asia
We engage in the infrastructure facilities business mainly in Southeast Asia. We contribute to creating affluent communities by taking advantage of our sophisticated, Japanese-quality technologies.

Resolution of social issues and achievement of an affluent society through IoT technology
Braille guide board with voice guidance in foreign languages
Station guidance chime
Optical access works (The Philippines) <MG EXEO NETWORK, INC.>
 Providing the environment for work style reforms and productivity improvement
Responding to food safety and food loss issues
Japan now faces various difficult situations such
as a reduction in the productive-age population
resulting from the declining birthrate and aging
population, the simultaneous pursuit of raising
children or taking care of the elderly and work
style diversification. To address such difficult circumstances, we provide an environment that helps the interested parties to mitigate long working hours and improve operational efficiency.
Providing an ICT environment for high-quality education
Realizing an ICT environment in the field of education has become an urgent task because the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology will introduce computer programming as a compulsory subject effective from 2020. We provide an environment for everyone to receive affordable, quality ICT education regardless of gender.
27 Corporate Report 2019
Office 365 implementation service
We help hospitals to take risk countermeasures, including notification on contraindications and allergies, and improve efficiency in handling food materials and cooking/catering operations by providing tailored menu management focusing on individual hospitalized patients. As for
school lunches, we provide relevant systems
that excel in improving the efficiency of office
processing, safety and cost performance.
  Food service management system
 Provision of educational solutions, lesson assistance for teachers, lecture on operation of ICT equipment, etc.

Promotion of recycling and effective utilization of resources; achievement of a society for the prevention of global warmingIncreasing the ratio of renewable energy in the energy mix
Biomass business
We conduct field investigations, design and construction of wood biomass boilers to enhance the utilization of wood biomass energy, which has drawn attention as a renewable source of energy.

Reducing hazardous chemical substances, as well as mitigating air, water and soil pollution
Focusing attention on “water,” an essential element for our lives, and the “waste” produced from our lives, we engage in the construction and operation of water treatment facilities for domestic and industrial wastewater and waste treatment facilities. Through the business, we strive to reduce the discharge of hazardous chemical substances, as well as the pollution of air, water and soil.

Avoiding adverse effects on marine and coastal ecosystems
We have contributed considerably to constructing a social infrastructure of a new era utilizing our long-cultivated underground civil engineering technology.
An example in this area is the horizontal directional drilling of submarine telecommuni- cations/power cables, which can bypass a long distance of seabed at places such as fishing grounds and coral reef sanctuaries, preventing damage caused by pipes or cables.

4. Achievement of favorable communication with stakeholders
To meet the expectations of stakeholders,
favorable communication will be strengthened to resolve issues
With employees

Promoting diversity and work style reforms
The KYOWA EXEO Group aims to nurture a corporate culture that recognizes diverse values regard- less of gender, nationality, or other features, in order to swiftly and flexibly respond to diversifying customer needs and committing to business development and improved performance. Accordingly, it promotes Group-wide diversity as part of its innovation and work style reforms. The Group’s initiatives along these lines have
Reducing hazardous chemical substances, as well as mitigating air, water and soil pollution
Focusing attention on “water,” an essential element for our lives, and the “waste” produced from our lives, we engage in the construction and operation of water treatment facilities for domestic and industrial wastewater and waste treatment facilities. Through the business, we strive to reduce the discharge of hazardous chemical substances, as well as the pollution of air, water and soil.
    Water treatment plant
Waste treatment facilities operated by Kinoumi Area Treatment Facilities Association
 Substation Filter plant
Fisheries facilities
Communication base station
Cable unloading duct line
Wind farm on the sea
Cable duct line
 Sea water intake pipe
Coral reef
Water line to an isolated island
 Horizontal Directional Drilling (Earth Shuttle)
With society    been recognized or selected by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare and other organizations.

Providing places for technical training
We provide affordable, quality technical training for everybody regardless of gender or nationality.

  CSR Concept
  Performing Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) through Its Business Activities
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s basic CSR policy is to materialize its corporate philosophy and perform its social responsibility through its daily business activities. The Group seriously addresses promoting corporate gover- nance, compliance and risk management and works to ensure sincere and highly transparent business opera- tions to contribute to the sustainable growth of society.
Basic CSR Policy / CSR Promotion Systems
The corporate philosophy of the KYOWA EXEO Group, which is the basic guideline for our corporate social respon- sibility, includes cultivating technological capabilities, seeking affluence and contributing to society, and we work to make integrity and transparency the fundamental norms of our management. To achieve this corporate philosophy, we need to have engagement* with the stakeholders of the KYOWA EXEO Group, thereby extracting issues to be solved to create a better society together. We recognize that such efforts to achieve our corporate philosophy are indeed efforts toward CSR.
We also think that CSR is something that every member of the staff should put into practice throughout the business process, rather than having a specific division responsible for CSR activities. Therefore, we launched the CSR Committee chaired by the President and, under the Committee, assigned a person in charge of CSR to every department or office and to every Group company to promote CSR activities on a Group-wide basis.
*Engagement: to discuss stakeholders’ concerns, the effects of corporate activities on local communities and other various issues through opportunities created by the company’s involvement with its stakeholders
  CSR Structure of
the KYOWA EXEO Group
  Corporate philosophy
Customers
Group companies
Business partners
Shareholders and investors
Employees
Society/Environment
    Development of society
ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS
Development of the KYOWA EXEO Group
SYSTEM SOLUTIONS
Engagement with stakeholders
     Guidelines for CSR activities
Self-awareness of contribution to society as a company
Promotion of contribution to society and social contribution activities through business activities
Securing safety and quality
Full information disclosure and communication
Adherence to corporate philosophy and respect for human rights Environmental protection activities
Creation of workplaces conducive to satisfactory work
      Compliance Corporate governance Risk management
 29 Corporate Report 2019
Business operations with integrity and transparency as the norm
       Continuing to be a Company Trusted by All Stakeholders
While actively striving to ensure information disclosure, the KYOWA EXEO Group will engage in proactive communication with all our stakeholders to fulfill our corporate social responsibility and create a better society together.
Materiality Identification Process
The KYOWA EXEO Group has engaged in CSR activities centering on the seven core subjects set forth in the ISO26000 guidance on social responsibility. Based on these activities, to achieve further creation of value in cooperation with society and the sustainable growth of the KYOWA EXEO Group, we identified important ESG (environment, society and governance) subjects and their materiality to the Group and its stakeholders through the process described below. We will continue to promote CSR activities according to the materiality identified by implementing the PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) cycle.
Building a better, brighter future together
    Extract issues to be solved
Narrow down the issues
Evaluate the issues and identify materiality from the standpoint of stakeholders and the Group
A business organization harmoniously coexisting with society through its businesses
Review and approval by the CSR Committee
Corporate philosophy
 Identification of important subjects and their materiality
   Environment (E) Preserving the global environment and establishing a recycling-oriented society
Society (S)
High A
   Addressing climate change Green procurement
 Promoting environmental businesses
 Respect for human rights and principle that human resources are our chief asset
Securing safety and quality
Emphasis on return of profits and communications
Improvement of customer satisfaction
Work style reforms (worker-friendly working environments included)
 Contributions to society and local communities
High A
 B
High
Business operations with integrity and transparency as the norm
High
  Governance (G)
High A
B
Issues surrounding the Group (ISO26000)
(Social circumstances / Social issues)
B High
 Corporate governance
Compliance Risk management
(increasing information security included)
Fair and impartial transactions Group governance
 The charts’ A and B axes denote:
A: Materiality for stakeholders
B: Materiality for the KYOWA EXEO Group
         Organizational Human rights Labor practices The environment Fair operating Consumer Community involvement governance practices issues and development
     External evaluation (e.g., MSCI) External environment (e.g., SDGs) Guidelines (e.g., GRI)
Corporate Report 2019 30
 CSR Concept

   Results and Plans of Major CSR Initiatives
         Reviewing the corporate governance guidelines
      Analyzing the causes of recent conflicts and the measures taken to address them and spreading the results across the board to prevent the recurrence of such problems
      Thorough adherence to social norms
      Educating on and improving the awareness of laws and regulations and the Basic Ethics of the KYOWA EXEO Group through compliance-promoting activities
           Ensuring information security
     Reduction of management risk
     Reinforcement of business continuity planning (BCP)
            Society
                    Environment
             31 Corporate Report 2019
ESG
Materiality (important subjects)
Measures to be taken
     Governance
Relevant stakeholders
All
Reinforcement of corporate governance Promotion of compliance
Appropriate risk management
Analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
     Group companies
Business partners
Customers
Society
Reinforcement of group governance
Fair and impartial transactions
Enhancement of the internal controls of the Group companies
Sharing issues with the Group companies’ top executives
Ensuring compliance with the procurement policy
        Employees
Respect for human rights and utilization of diversified human resources (Reinforcement of efforts to promote diversity)
  Respect for human rights and principle that human resources are our chief asset
Work style reforms
Creation of ideal working conditions (Promotion and reinforcement of work-life balance)
  Securing safety and quality Improvement of customer satisfaction
Development and cultivation of human resources
Elimination of serious accidents (personnel and facility)
    Shareholders and investors
Emphasis on return of profits and communications
Contribution to society and local communities
Engagement in proactive information disclosure
Ensure high awareness of quality and continue education
         Thorough management of customer satisfaction and utilization of the feedback
Impartial, timely and appropriate information disclosure
Promotion of social contribution activities
  Promotion of local community contribution activities
           Effective provision of news releases and issuance of integrated reports
             Preserving the global environment and establishing a recycling-oriented society
Reduction of CO2 emissions
Reduction of gasoline consumption
      All
Reduction of power consumption
 Utilization of green energy and forest preservation
     Energy-saving activities at offices
Reduction of paper consumption
      Promotion of greenery at buildings
Promotion of rooftop greenery
        Promotion of green procurement
Promotion of greenery on the premises
  Enhancement of the green purchasing rate
        
Results of efforts in fiscal 2018
Rating (self)
Efforts to be made in fiscal 2019
  Continue current efforts
 Disclosed evaluation results on the effectiveness of the Board of Directors Updated the corporate governance guidelines
Disclosed the corporate governance report
Reconfirmed the basic policy of the internal control system
Provided education reflecting the latest laws and regulations and the recent problems and complaints Designated a month to promote compliance and promoted the use of the whistleblowing system Conducted compliance trainings (including those for executives)
Held two meetings of the Internal Control Committee
Held four meetings of the Compliance Committee
             Continue current efforts
   Provided trainings on information security reflecting on examples of accidents at other companies and countermeasures against cyberattacks Implemented the PDCA cycle on risks regarding the management environment and business strategies by identifying and monitoring those risks Implemented the PDCA cycle on business process risks by identifying and monitoring those risks Identified disaster risks and provided trainings, such as large-scale disaster drills Conducted internal audits of the Group companies
Held four meetings of the Information Security Committee Held two meetings of the CSR Committee
      Held various meetings at different levels
Continue current efforts
Achieved a ratio of new female graduates employed of 15.8% Achieved a ratio of handicapped people employed of 2.38%
   Encouraged employees to take paid leave: Annual paid leave taken: 13.3 days per person/year Reduced total working hours
Included in the Top Hundred Telework Pioneers by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications in November 2018
Target percentage of new female graduates employed: 25% or more
Target percentage of handicapped people employed: 2.2% or more
Target number of days of paid leave taken: 14 days or more per person/year Reduce total working hours
      Two KYOWA EXEO employees won a silver medal at the 56th National Skills Competition of Japan in the information network cabling category in November 2018 Carried out various trainings, such as new employee, technical and overseas trainings
Held meetings of the Procurement Council to verify transparency and fair pricing
  Continue current efforts
     Number of serious accidents occurred: one
Conducted safety- and quality-related measures (Continuation of the five-year slogan: Return to the basics of a safety and quality-oriented culture)
Held monthly Group safety meetings to educate and promote efforts on accident prevention across the board
Target number of serious accidents occurred: zero
    Continue current efforts
       Analyzed the results of surveys on customer satisfaction and provided feedback (PDCA)
Continue current efforts
Conducted business results presentations and IR meetings (230 meetings)
Continue current efforts
Responded to natural disasters by offering recovery and restoration efforts
Cleanup activities for regional communities, forest preservation efforts and hands-on learning opportunities, etc.
    Power consumption: 7.72 kWh/m2
· Internally installed the Energy Viewer (our own energy-saving product)
· Proactively purchased eco-friendly products
· Conducted energy-saving campaigns, including Cool Biz, Warm Biz and switching off lights during lunch breaks
Continue current efforts
   Reduce power consumption by 1% year over year
(to 7.64 kWh/m2 or less)
          Gasoline consumption: average 99.5 liters per car/month
· Monitored the use of gasoline cards monthly · Switched to more fuel-efficient cars
Reduce gasoline consumption by 1% year over year (to average 98.5 liters per car/month)
             Deployed environmental businesses:
· Solar power generation business (constructed and operated facilities for the Company and other companies) · Wood biomass business (constructed facilities for other companies)
Maintenance of EXEO’s forests (national forests) at five locations (15.37 ha) nationwide
Continue current efforts
         Number of sheets of paper purchased: 46.53 million sheets
· Promoted WiFi availability · Monitored and periodically reported the number of sheets of paper purchased at all-office meetings
Reduce paper purchases by 1% year over year (to 46.06 million sheets or less)
         Securing greenery spaces, installing rooftop solar power equipment, etc. Cultivation of plants on a rooftop area shaded by solar panels
Continue current efforts
      Continue current efforts
         Introduced and promoted the purchase of eco-friendly products (office supplies and PCs) Monitored and periodically reported the purchase of eco-friendly products at all-office meetings · Ratio of purchasing eco-friendly products: 62.6%
Target ratio of purchasing eco-friendly products: 63% or more
     Issued the Corporate Report 2018, EXEO Reports and other documents Provided updates on the Group through news releases and the TOPICS pages
   Continue current efforts
           Building a better, brighter future together
[Rating (self)] Plan accomplished Plan almost accomplished Plan unaccomplished
    Corporate Report 2019 32
Results and Plans of Major CSR Initiatives

 Management Systems
             Establishing Various Mechanisms to Promote Globally the Overall Group
Corporate Governance
Endeavoring to ensure transparent management by establishing sound management systems and strengthening internal controls
The KYOWA EXEO Group aims to maintain the full trust of shareholders and all other stakeholders by operating with integrity and a high standard of transparency. To this end, we are confident that it is one of the significant management issues to establish and maintain an organizational structure and management systems through which corporate governance can effectively function. Moreover, it is our basic CSR policy to make ongoing improvements to strengthen corporate governance mechanisms that are suitably tailored to the Group’s circumstances, including the assessment of structures for monitoring management in light of changes in social conditions, laws and other developments.
Development of the internal control system and risk management system
The KYOWA EXEO Group works to thoroughly adhere to compliance, manage various risks and properly and efficiently execute business operations. At the same time, to ensure the reliability of financial reporting, the Group has stipulated the Basic Policy on Internal Control Systems in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act and addresses its appropriate and efficient operation.
The Internal Control Committee, based on the Basic Guideline for Establishing Internal Control Systems, develops systems to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, effective and efficient operations and reliable financial reporting, and grasps the overall operation status of the internal control system while conducting its evaluation.
We have enhanced our risk management systems by establishing the Risk Control Division in June 2014 to integrate compliance- related duties that had been distributed among more than one department and setting up the Business Risk Management Committee in January 2019.
To view the Basic Guideline for Establishing Internal Control Systems, visit
http://www.exeo.co.jp/company/cg.html
   KYOWA EXEO’s Corporate Governance System
General meeting of shareholders
As of June 22, 2019
Appointment/Dismissal Determination of the appropriateness
of accounting audits
Report Audit
  Appointment/Dismissal Consultation
Response
Appointment/Dismissal Audit
 Nomination Committee Compensation Committee
  Supervision
Report
Board of Directors Directors
(12, including one independent officer)
Board of Corporate Auditors Statutory auditors
(four, including one independent officer)
      Report
 Directions,Supervision Report Consultation,Directions Response,Report
Audit Report
Report
      Operating officers and organizational heads Representatives of Group companies
Supervision Report
President
Management Council
Internal Control Committee
 Compliance Committee
 Business and administrative departments and branches
 Business Risk Management Committee
 Information Security Committee
  Group companies
CSR Committee
 Report Internal audit Directions Report
  Risk Management Division
Instructions
  Collaboration
33 Corporate Report 2019
Independent Auditor Corporate Lawyer

     Building a better, brighter future together
An Interview with the Outside Statutory Auditors (Independent Officers)
Two Outside Statutory Auditors (Independent Officers) exchanged views on the Company’s corporate governance and auditing systems that could contribute to the enhancement of corporate value.
      Mr.KozoMeguro AsaCertifiedPublicAccountant,Mr.Meguroheldimportant positions in audit corporations and has served as Outside Statutory
Auditor (Independent Officer) of the Company since June 2014.
A listed company with thorough risk control
Meguro: I am in my fifth year of service as a Part-Time Statutory Auditor of KYOWA EXEO. KYOWA EXEO has actively strengthened its corporate governance. With Ms. Aramaki as a new female outside officer, the Company is also engaged in the diversification of human resources.
Aramaki: A full year has passed since I took office. My impression about KYOWA EXEO, a listed company, is that risk control is in effect throughout the Company. I think the Company also pays good attention to the opinions and advice of outside officers.
Meguro: Since I took office, the composition of the officers has changed significantly. KYOWA EXEO has been active in recruiting outside officers, encouraging professionals with a broader range of knowledge to take part in the management of the Company. As a result, a diverse range of questions are being answered, not only about the basic meanings of technical terms in IT and construction often heard at Board of Directors’ and other meetings but also on industrial trends, the Company’s position in the industry, the advantages of its strategiesandexpectedrisks.Thecultureofactivelyexplaining internal issues has gradually taken root in the Company.
Aramaki: The full-time officers of the Company are willing to be fully accountable, not just working with outside officers to satisfy the legal requirement. This struck me as excellent awareness and the Company’s determination to maintain the corporate governance it has established.
Meguro: The Company’s businesses, compared to five years ago, have changed to include more international operations that involve
Aramaki:
both risks and opportunities. To address these changes, the Full-Time Statutory Auditors have actively collected information to ensure the appropriate audits of operations.
It is great that the Company provides Outside Statutory Auditors with various opportunities to exchange opinions, including the Vector Meetings. I would like to further my understanding of the Company so that I can engage in deeper discussions.
Ms.TomokoAramaki AsaCertifiedPublicAccountantandaCertifiedPublicTaxAccountant, Ms. Aramaki held managerial positions in PARIS MIKI HOLDINGS Inc.
and other companies and has served as Outside Statutory Auditor (Independent Officer) of the Company since June 2018.
  After the integration, the auditing system needs to achieve synergies
Meguro:
Aramaki:
Meguro:
Domestically, the three companies based in the western part of Japan have been integrated into the KYOWA EXEO Group to pursue synergies. Overseas, too, the same vector must be shared among the Group members while ensuring compliance. Relentless discussions to achieve that are important.
The addition of the three companies’ presidents as Directors has invigorated the Board of Directors. Of course, I realize that this integration has come after a long period of discussions and adjustments. Such effort enabled the smooth integration to allow us to be ready to proceed to the next step. Imetthestatutoryauditorsofthethreecompaniesinthesecond half of 2018. They all have well-organized auditing systems, and some of the statutory auditors have professional backgrounds like ours. After the integration, we will see increasing opportunities for the four companies to unite forces to execute duties. For the auditing system, the three companies and us at KYOWA EXEO will be required to achieve synergies by sharing information in a functional and appropriate manner and reflecting our judgments and opinions in discussions by the Board of Directors.
Corporate Report 2019 34
  Management Systems
Corporate Governance

  マネジメント体制
  Aramaki: The number of subsidiaries of the KYOWA EXEO Group has increased significantly. We now face the new challenge of establishing an auditing system that can ensure Group governance. That is a difficult but challenging task.
The KYOWA EXEO Group is to seek global recognition
Aramaki: Recently, the Company has actively engaged in the international expansion of businesses and large-scale M&As. This trend is expected to continue. In this perspective, it is urgently required to develop human resources who have a global mindset and can pursue those duties.
Meguro: I think the Statutory Auditors should be required to ensure transparency domestically and internationally and to show the Group’s commitment to abiding by the rules. I believe fulfilling
Aramaki:
Meguro:
such a role will help develop a strong team that can survive any difficulties and that, in turn, will protect stakeholders, including shareholders.
For the KYOWA EXEO Group to win global recognition, what should we be mindful of? Although we are in the position of executing audits, not business operations, I will continue to offer advice and suggestions based on my own experience of having been involved in some international businesses and M&As.
The KYOWA EXEO Group has solid domestic achievements and a stable financial structure. Building on these advantages, for the Group to achieve further growth, the Statutory Auditors are expected to promote innovation from inside.
To this end, I will continue to offer advice and suggestions as an Outside Statutory Auditor and Independent Officer.
 Major Activities of Outside Directors and Statutory Auditors in Fiscal 2018
 Kumiko Kitai (Independent Director)
Ms. Kitai attended 14 out of 15 meetings of the Board of Directors held in fiscal 2018, where she actively provided advice and recommendations to ensure the reasonability and appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ decisions based on her extensive experience and knowledge accumulated as a lawyer and from holding important positions with the central government.
Kazuteru Kanazawa (Independent Director)
Mr. Kanazawa attended 15 out of 15 meetings of the Board of Directors held in fiscal 2018, where he actively provided advice and recommendations to ensure the reason- ability and appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ decisions based on his extensive experience and knowledge accumulated through management of companies in the industry other than that of KYOWA EXEO.
Yasushi Kohara (Independent Director)
Mr. Kohara attended 11* out of 11 meetings of the Board of Directors held in fiscal 2018, where he actively provided advice and recommendations to ensure the reasonability and appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ decisions based on his extensive experience and knowledge accumulated through management of companies in the industry other than that of KYOWA EXEO.
Effectiveness Evaluation
Kozo Meguro (Independent Auditor)
Mr. Meguro attended 15 out of 15 meetings of the Board of Directors and 16 out of
16 meetings of the Board of Corporate Auditors held in fiscal 2018, and collected information on the status of business operations at the Company’s departments and its subsidiaries. On those occasions, he provided comments based on his extensive experi- ence and professional knowledge as a Certified Public Accountant.
Tomoko Aramaki (Independent Auditor)
Ms. Aramaki attended 10 out of 11 meetings of the Board of Directors and 10* out
of 11 meetings of the Board of Corporate Auditors held in fiscal 2018, and collected information on the status of business operations at the Company’s departments and its subsidiaries. On those occasions, he provided comments based on his extensive experi- ence and professional knowledge as a Certified Public Accountant.
*Because she was appointed at the 64th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on June 22, 2018, her attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors started thereafter.
     To enhance the function of the Board of Directors and corporate value, KYOWA EXEO carries out self-evaluation and analysis of the effectiveness of its Board of Directors, with advice from an external organization.
Based on the results of a questionnaire completed by all Directors and Corporate Auditors, which was collected and ana- lyzed by an external organization to ensure objectivity, as well as discussions at meetings of the Board of Directors, it was confirmed that the Company’s Board of Directors has sufficient scale and structure and is appropriately operated to ensure proper decision making on important managerial issues and supervision of the execution of duties.
Through a previous effectiveness evaluation, we shared an awareness of the necessity of the Directors’ Vector Meeting to discuss each division’s business strategies at an earlier stage and coordinate the directions thereof, thereby promoting efforts to enhance the functions of the Board of Directors. We see that those efforts have been taking steady effect.
In addition, the Company increased the capacity of its Outside Directors by one so that Directors with a wider range of experience and knowledge now constitute the Board of Directors.
Based on the results of the most recent effectiveness evaluation, ideas and opinions were shared on the need to optimize the configuration of the Board of Directors and how to better operate the Board of Directors for more active discussions to further reinforce corporate governance.
The Company’s Board of Directors will make continued efforts to enhance its function by holding adequate discussions based on the effectiveness evaluation and related opinions to improve its effectiveness.
35 Corporate Report 2019

     Compliance
In the KYOWA EXEO Group, everybody on the management team maintains a high standard of ethics—integrity—when conducting business. Furthermore, individual directors and employees make principled actions grounded in compliance to fulfill their social responsibility.
 EXEO Group Basic Actions Declaration
Based on the EXEO Group Compliance Program, the officers and employees of the Group presuppose compli- ance with not only laws and regulations but also corporate ethics, including the spirit underlying those ethics, and practice activities with high social value, thereby contributing to society.
Given that a company is part of society, it is a prerequisite for all stakeholders in a company, irrespective of whether officers or employees of the company, to comply with laws and corporate ethics when carrying out the company’s business operations. Such compliance is also a matter of course for us as individual members of society.
In addition, ensuring such compliance is indispensable for the company to maintain the trust of society and the realiza- tion of the Group’s corporate philosophy of “Contributing to Society.”
In light of the above, we shall prioritize without hesitation laws and regulations and corporate ethics in case we are forced to select either earnings or ethics in our own activities.
Initiatives to Promote
Measures taken and Description
Whistle-blowing system
Regarding compliance-related concerns, the “Support Desk” is the contact point for whistleblowers, and the “Lawyer Hot Line” is provided to enable direct consult- ing or communica-
tion with corporate lawyers.
All employees of the KYOWA EXEO Group are provided with “Compliance Cards” to raise their awareness of the contact point for whistleblowers and guidelines for use.
Compliance training for management executives
More than once a year, we provide compliance training by inviting lecturers for management executives, includ- ing the Chairman, President, General Managers of the Head Office, Branch Managers and Presidents of the Group companies.
Compliance promotion and enhancement month
With October designated as the annual Compliance Promotion and Enhancement Month, various campaign measures such as signage and meetings are conducted to raise awareness and encourage an in-depth understanding of compliance.
   Compliance program
   Tools:
Compliance Manual
Group’s corporate philosophy, Basic Actions Declaration, Basic Guideline for Establishing Internal Control Systems, matters to be observed and so on
Manuals by risk at each Group company Compliance training materials, etc.
 System
     Follow-up:
Evaluation on compliance observance Monitoring
Development:
Compliance planning Compliance training Support Desk Lawyer Hot Line
  Promoting System
 Collaboration
    Corporate lawyers (Lawyer Hot Line)
Group companies
    Advisory and
collaboration Guidance
Command
[Departments and Branches]
Guidance and control
Group Business Development Division
 KYOWA EXEO Group Compliance Officer (President of KYOWA EXEO)
Compliance Committee (Harassment Investigation Committee)
  Responsible Persons in Charge of
Compliance Promoter Promoting Compliance Employees
Guidance and oversight on the spot and of trading units
Compliance Officer
at each company (President)
Responsible compliance promoter at each company
 Legal Unit, Risk Control Division (Support Desk)
Management and control of the promoting system
Employees of each Group company
    Referrals and consulting
Corporate Report 2019 36
 Management Systems
Corporate Governance / Compliance
Whistle-blowing system Collaboration
KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION:

 Management Systems
   Risk Management
Basic Policy
The KYOWA EXEO Group’s basic policy for risk management is as follows:
(1) When setting strategies and business performance targets and practicing efforts to achieve them, we seek integration of
strategies and risk management by considering risk profiles, risk appetite, risk capacity and risk tolerance.
(2) By recognizing risks clearly at an earlier stage and promptly providing as many choices as possible for risk management,
we reduce the possibility of unachieved business targets, losses, accidents and failures.
(3) By monitoring risks on a regular basis, we address any deviation from intended performance swiftly and with consistency.
(4) With a grasp of our comprehensive and consistent risk portfolio, we seek optimum allocation of the Group’s resources.
Risk Management System
The KYOWA EXEO Group sets forth its basic rules on risk management in the “Risk Management Rules” and sets up risk categories and corresponding Risk Management Divisions. In addition, the Group established and has been operating the Business Risk Management Committee as the Group-wide risk manager to identify and evaluate Group-level risks.
  Risk Management System
   Board of Directors
 Board of Statutory Auditors
Supervision
Report
attend to and monitor the appropriateness and effectiveness of measures taken to address risks and the status of correction.
 <Management>
Business Risk Managers
Heads of organizational units at the Company’s Head Office, branch managers and presidents of subsidiaries
(1st-tier risk manager)
Internal Control Committee
Business Risk Management Committee
Group-wide risk manager
<Risk Management Division>
   President
 Management Council
     Support Division
The Company’s Head Office staff unit
(2nd-tier risk manager)
Internal Audit Division
(3rd-tier risk manager)
  Business Risk Management Committee
As the Group-wide risk manager, the committee was established to provide the risk management systems required to accomplish strategies and business performance targets in the process of creating, maintaining and realizing value and to steadily provide the Group’s stakeholders with reasonable expectations that risks can be controlled to a tolerable amount.
Business Risk Manager (1st-tier Risk Manager)
As the 1st-tier risk managers, the Business Risk Managers set forth strategies that are consistent with the KYOWA EXEO Group’s mission, vision and core values. In addition, the managers develop concrete action plans and manage the progress thereof to address risks according to the environments of their organizations and in line with the risk-addressing policies presented by the Support Division teams.
Support Division (2nd-tier Risk Manager)
As the 2nd-tier risk managers, the Support Division teams provide guidelines for addressing the category of risks they
Risk Management Category
 37 Corporate Report 2019
Risk Management Category
Business risk
Business
environment Management risk
risk Management strategy risk
Business process risk
Risk relating to changes in the management and business environments
Risk relating to the decision making concerning management and business strategies, etc.
Risk relating to daily business operations
Risk relating to the occurrence of natural disasters
Business Risk Management Committee
—
Description of the Risk
Committee
  Disaster risk
   Internal Audit Division (3rd-tier Risk Manager)
As the 3rd-tier risk manager, the Internal Audit Division conducts internal audits of the performance of the Business Risk Managers to identify problems and matters to be improved, issues recommendations for improvement, provides the latest information on the matters to be improved and verifies the status of improvement.
 
   Utilization of the ISO-Compliant Management Systems
From among the business process risks, the Company utilizes the ISO-compliant management systems to manage the risks relating to quality assurance, environmental conservation, occupational health and safety and information security. We formulate policies for managing these risks by using the relevant risk assessment methods given in the ISO management systems and implement the policies while making ongoing improvements in the effectiveness and appropriateness of business operations.
The Company and major subsidiaries acquired a group- based ISO certification and are committed to standardize the management procedures by implementing ISO- compliant management systems in a unified manner across the Group. Taking the opportunity of the ISO quality and environment management system updates with the 2015 revisions, we reviewed the management system certification system which focuses on the internal rules in effect to streamline the process.
In addition, the KYOWA EXEO Group was awarded the JMAQA AWARDS 2019 by the Japan Management Association (JMA)—an ISO certification body for KYOWA EXEO—for the visualization of the effects of ISO certification by operating multiple management systems and taking the Group’s unique approach.
Efforts to Ensure Information Security, etc.
ISO Management Systems of which certification has been acquired
  JIS Q 9001:2015
JIS Q 14001:2015
BS-OHSAS 18001:2007
JIS Q 27001:2014
February 22, 1999 May 12, 2000
September 19, 2003 November 10, 2004
         As a necessary part of operating its business, the KYOWA EXEO Group handles important information, including data on technologies and customers held by its customers and other parties. With the expansion of networking, as represented by the spread of the cloud service and social networking service (SNS), it is increasingly important to ensure the appropriate manage- ment of information. Accordingly, we are strengthening our efforts regarding information security and the protection of personal information.
Efforts to ensure information security
JMAQA AWARDS 2019 Trophy
L e f t: Masami Nakamura, Chairman of JMA Right: Takao Nonaka, MS Promotion Unit
Leader, KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
 The KYOWA EXEO Group has established a system for managing information security by designating an officer who assumes the overall responsibility for information security, as well as providing a manager with the chief responsibility and people working on information management at each business division. The Information Security Committee decides policies on group security, discusses measures to prevent the recurrence of any information security accidents,
and monitors and evaluates the status of any improvements in overall security matters to enhance the Group’s information security on a continuous basis.
Furthermore, the Group also provides all of its employees with information security training and simulation exercises to repel targeted e-mail attacks, while conducting various kinds of security checkups every year.
Category
Quality Management System
Occupational Health and Safety Management System
Date of Registration
 Environment Management System
  Information Security Management System
  The Company engages in a broad range of business operations and handles a large amount of personal information in the process of carrying out these operations. In the recognition that appropriately managing such information is a corporate social responsibility, we are promoting efforts to ensure the protection of private information under the Privacy Policy.
In response to the implementation of the Amended Act on the Protection of Personal Information in May 2017, we reviewed and enhanced our privacy management measures by
taking an inventory of personal information held and reviewing the management of records concerning the provision and receipt of personal information.
To ensure the continued protection of personal information in an appropriate manner, we have continually updated our certification of the Personal Information Protection Management System (the seventh update this year), for which the Company received a letter of appreciation from the JIPDEC.
Efforts to protect personal information
 For the details of the KYOWA EXEO Privacy Policy, visit:
http://www.exeo.co.jp/company/ppolicy.html
Applicable Standards
Corporate Report 2019 38
 Management Systems
Risk Management

     Involvement in the Environment
   While Promoting Resources Recycling and Effective Utilization of Resources, Developing Environment Preservation Activities Toward the Prevention of Global Warming and Other Concerns
Environmental Management
The Group works to reduce the environmental impact accompanying business activities, and every employee acts with “what he/she can and he/she should do” in mind.
  Basic Stance on Environment
Preservation Activities
Coexistence with the global environment is a social responsibility of corporations and is a significant element in creating a sustainable society.
The KYOWA EXEO Group engages in business activities as a company that offers customer-satisfying solutions based on its core IC networking technologies. The Group therefore pays careful attention to coordination with the environment in its business activities and endeavors
to reduce the environmental impact that inevitably accompanies such activities.
Utilization of the Environment
Management System
In promoting the environmental management system (ISO14001), of which certification has been continuously obtained since May 2000, the Company works to reduce the environmental impact on an ongoing basis through companywide environment preservation activities according to the PDCA cycle. The Company identifies predictable environmental risks, which are determined depending on onsite working environments, the location conditions of the building and other factors, sets up specific environment- related targets and extensively applies them to all the departments at the Head Office and branches.
Efforts towards Environment
Preservation Activities
Environment preservation activities cannot be continued without a strong awareness regarding the improvement of environmental issues and persistent efforts. Meanwhile, every employee of the Group is committed to environment preservation activities with “what he/she can and he/she should do” in mind—always taking into account the effects of business activities on global environment.
    PICK UP
Hirose River “Ichimannin” Cleanup Project
On September 29, 2018, some employees of the Company participated in a cleanup activity in the Hirose River basin in Sendai City, Miyagi Prefecture. With the tagline of “Ichimannin,” meaning 10,000 people, which equals one percent of Sendai’s population of one million, the cleanup project enjoyed the participation of nearly 2,000 people. Blessed with fine weather without being influenced by a typhoon, we conducted a cleanup of the river basin. The amount of garbage collected in this annual cleanup project, which reached its 26th year, has been declining each year. Why not visit the Hirose River basin to see how clean it has become?
 39 Corporate Report 2019

     Environmental business
The Company contributes to promoting a recycling-oriented society through involvement in the design, construction and main- tenance of renewable energy facilities, including solar power generation facilities and biomass boilers.
By effectively recycling waste or appropriately disposing of waste if it is not recyclable, we will continue to contribute to preserving the global environment and a society where we can live in security.
 Solar power generation business
Solar power facilities of our own
Solar power facilities of other companies
Panel installation capacity
277
Electricity generated
25
Building a better, brighter future together
  GWh (Electricity used by 5,155 households per year)
MW
  5 20
142 135
Power generating output (MW)
    (950)
Wood biomass business
Thermal output (MW)
(4,205)
  Output
28 MW
Output 2.5 MW
    7 21 0.8 1.7
Energy recovery business
Throughput (ton/day)
296
747tons per day
451
Recycling business
Throughput (ton/day)
25 129
154 tons per day
                 FY2017 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation
Offering modern energy service that’s affordable and reliable
The Company and Tepco Customer Service Corporation Limited were awarded the FY2017 Grand Prize for Excellence in Energy Efficiency and Conservation— Chairman Prize for The Energy Conservation Center, Japan (ECCJ) in the Product Category & Business Model Category—for the energy-saving service using IoT provided by electricity retailers.
This prize recognized the TCS’s Energy Management Service, an energy conservation service via control of air-conditioning
equipment, which helps solve common issues when small- to medium-sized business proprietors introduce energy conservation measures—maintaining comfort, easy on-site operation and less barriers for introduction, as well as the Company’s cloud-type platform technology for energy control, which enabled the TCS’s Energy Management Service.
Western Japan Area Eastern Japan Area
  Corporate Report 2019 40
 Involvement
in the Environment
Environmental Management

  Involvement in the Environment
Fiscal 2018 Material Balance of the Company (Non-consolidated)
To make environment-friendly business activities effective and reduce the accompanying environmental load as much as possible, we strive to understand and analyze the kinds of resources and energy sources that are used and the environmental load that has been produced.
   INPUT OUTPUT
    Total energy input 168,368 GJ
Electric power purchased Solarpowergenerationelectricityoutput City gas
LPG
Gasoline Light oil Kerosene
13,507 MWh 62 MWh
169 km3 0 km3
1,057 kl 177 kl 4 kl
   Electricity generated and sold 25,318 MWh
  Water resource input 72 km3
Totalgreenhouseeffectgasemissions 14,859 tons(CO2 conversion)
Electric power sourced Fuel sourced
Waste sourced
Water resource sourced
6,133 tons (CO2 conversion) 3,090 tons (CO2 conversion) 5,616 tons (CO2 conversion)
19 tons (CO2 conversion)
  Wasteemissionsandrecycledvolume 38,080 tons
Industrial waste emissions General waste emissions Total recycled volume
4,125 tons 110 tons 33,844 tons
    Total displacement 72 km3
Environment-friendly business activities
  Company cars
Head office
Business offices
     Content of Activities
Five branches, of which the business area is located near EXEO’s forests (Mori), regularly conduct forest preservation and cleaning activities such as maintenance of walking trails, mowing of bottom weeds, cutting ivy and putting up bird houses.
Forest exploration is also conducted as part of the recre- ation activities for employees and their families. Such events are also used for enlightening activities to explain the im- portance of preventing global warming and biodiversity preservation.
  41 Corporate Report 2019
 Initiatives toward Prevention of Global Warming and Preservation of Biodiversity
  EXEO’s forests (Mori), which extending nationwide, are groomed by employees’ hands
Embracing the opportunity of the Company’s 50th anniversary of its foundation, forest preservation activity started and the Company continues to maintain government-owned forests for up to 60 years.
Seizing the opportunity of the 50th anniversary of its foundation, the Company became strongly conscious of the prevention of global warming and contributing to local communities. Giving its approval to the maintenance enhancement campaign of forest resources, which was then promoted by the Forestry Agency, the Company entered into a profit-sharing afforestation contract* with the Hokkaido, Tohoku, Kansai, Kyushu, Chugoku and Kyushu regional forest offices regarding so-called corporate forests. The Company named the forests “EXEO’s forests” and continues their maintenance activity, which also serves as an occasion for social assembly and recreation among employees and their families.
*Profit-sharing afforestation contract: Agreement on the maintenance activities of government-owned forests (natural forests), which are premised on there being no logging.
 Area
Absorbed and fixed CO2 volume (in terms of CO2 emitted by a person in a year)
  Area
Absorbed and fixed CO2 volume (in terms of CO2 emitted by a person in a year)
    Chugoku Branch
3.29ha
Kyushu Branch
5.36ha
6.5t
(20 persons)
15.4t (48 persons)
    
    3.4
       Area
Absorbed and fixed CO2 volume (in terms of CO2 emitted by a person in a year)
Area
Absorbed and fixed CO2 volume (in terms of CO2 emitted by a person in a year)
 Area
Absorbed and fixed CO2 volume (in terms of CO2 emitted by a person in a year)
    Tohoku Branch
2.48ha
Kansai Branch
5.1t
(16 persons)
2.8t
(9 persons)
Kure-shi, Hiroshima
Hokkaido Branch
3.10ha
Chitose-shi, Hokkaido
Shiroishi-shi, Miyagi
8.4t
(26 persons)
            1.14ha
Uto-shi, Kumamoto
Nishinomiya-shi, Hyogo
           Nationwide
15.37ha
38.2t (119 persons)
   Area
Absorbed and fixed CO2 volume (in terms of CO2 emitted by a person in a year)
         Fiscal 2018 Initiatives Regarding the Prevention of Global Warming
As for the reduction of power consumption, power-saving measures for equipment are taken including the conversion of electric appliances to energy-saving type ones and the enhanced use of inverters for diverse equipment. In addition, companywide initiatives mainly taken by the responsible person on each floor
include setting the energy-saving mode for PCs, removing unnecessary lighting devices, turning off lights during lunchtime hours and setting appropriate temperatures for air conditioners. Moreover, every employee aggressively promotes electricity- saving activity in his/her daily actions.
Change in power consumption (per square meter)
(kWh/m2) 16
Change in city gas consumption (at the Head Office building) (per square meter)
Change in gasoline and light oil consumption (per travel distance)
(m3/m2) 6
5.4
( /thousand km)
   5.0
5.0
4.1
120 80 40
92.6
81.0
 12 5
78.0 77.0 77.1
   4 83
2
8.26 8.14 8.11 8.03 4
7.72
      1
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
   Promotion of Recycling and Effective Utilization of Resources
The KYOWA EXEO Group proactively addresses abating volumes and the appropriate treatment of waste, as well as promoting its reuse as recycled resources in the pursuit of reduced waste volume and complete recycling. The waste category covered by this initiative is industrial waste produced from the construction work of information and communication facilities and general waste discharged from offices.
Asphalt, concrete debris, electric wire trash, etc., are properly treated via a sorting control for further reuse or recycling. More- over, ongoing initiatives include the enhanced use of proper amounts for work materials, requests for collection of packaging materials to suppliers and guidance on the necessary steps to workers for recycling via onsite patrols.
Change in industrial waste emissions (per value of finished work)
Change in general waste emissions (per person)
Change in total recycled volume
(tons)
45,000 37,678 33,843
30,000 26,014 25,957 24,102 15,000
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
(kg/¥million) 300
194.1
175.5
(kg/person) 40
30 29.4
22.6
    200 100
126.4
20 16.8
15.5
12.4
162.8 149.7
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
      10
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
   Corporate Report 2019 42
Involvement
in the Environment
Environmental Management

         Financial Section
  Financial Highlights (Consolidated)
  ■Orders Received ■Net Sales (¥Millions)
■Gross Profit (¥Millions)
35,740 35,795
2015/3 2016/3
■Ordinary Income (¥Millions)
18,589 18,512
2015/3 2016/3
■Total Assets ■Net Assets (¥Millions)
58,337
  300,912 301,446
2015/3
324,102 298,825 325,029 312,669
424,318 423,727
2019/3
31,716
2019/3
40,219
2019/3
300,438 287,437 35,795 18,412 18,512 12,184 238,301 151,241
43,354
   287,437
38,480
      ■Operating Income (¥Millions)
18,358 18,412
2015/3 2016/3
25,621 20,873
300,438
  2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
33,431
26,448 21,409
2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
            ■Profit attributable to owners of parent (¥Millions)
  12,264
2015/3
12,184
2016/3
13,789
2017/3
228,422 146,768
2015/3
324,102 298,825 38,480 20,873 21,409 13,789 243,438 158,280
238,301 151,241
243,438 158,280
2017/3
325,029 312,669 43,354 25,621 26,448 17,993 261,305 176,101
261,305 176,101
2018/3
416,483
267,811
2019/3
2017/3
2018/3
17,993
2018/3
301,446 300,912 35,740 18,358 18,589 12,264 228,422 146,768
        2016/3
(¥Millions)
        Orders Received
Net Sales
Gross Profit
Operating Income Ordinary Income
Profit attributable to owners of parent Total Assets
Net Assets
2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
      424,318
423,727
58,337
31,716
33,431
40,219
416,483
267,811
  43 Corporate Report 2019

 Trends by Segment (Consolidated)
Orders Received by Business Segment (Consolidated)
(¥Millions)
301,446
2015/3
424,318
NTT group engineering
NTT group engineering
NCCs
Urban infrastructure
SYSTEM- SOLUTIONS
Total
NTT group engineering
NTT group engineering
NCCs
Urban infrastructure
SYSTEM- SOLUTIONS
Total
NCCs
2015/3
160,375
34,492 73,573
33,004 301,446
NCCs
2015/3
162,729 36,669 67,905
33,608 300,912
NCCs
2015/3
44,539 8,313 48,141
4,461 105,455
Urban infrastructure
SYSTEM-SOLUTIONS
(¥Millions)
196,613
NTT group engineering
NTT group engineering
NCCs
Urban infrastructure
SYSTEM- SOLUTIONS
Total
Urban infrastructure
SYSTEM-SOLUTIONS
118,384 105,455
2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
300,438
2016/3
324,102
2017/3
325,029
2018/3
2019/3
2016/3
167,963
20,233 72,315
39,926 300,438
2017/3
182,281
28,795 72,774
40,251 324,102
2018/3
166,294
31,836 84,145
42,751 325,029
(¥Millions)
2019/3
189,937
39,009 123,303
72,067 424,318
Net Sales by Business Segment (Consolidated)
(¥Millions)
300,912
2015/3
423,727
Urban infrastructure
SYSTEM-SOLUTIONS
287,437
2016/3
298,825 312,669
2017/3 2018/3
2019/3
2016/3
160,587 23,249 65,749
37,851 287,437
2017/3
168,336 23,345 67,365
39,778 298,825
2018/3
167,418 28,138 74,571
42,541 312,669
(¥Millions)
2019/3
203,634 38,026 108,618
73,477 423,727
Outstanding Orders by Business Segment (Consolidated)
143,589
2016/3
51,915 5,296 54,707
6,465 118,384
2017/3
65,860 10,745 60,115
6,867 143,589
2018/3
64,737 14,444 69,690
7,060 155,932
155,932
(¥Millions)
2019/3
66,293 20,200 94,841
15,278 196,613
Building a better, brighter future together
Financial Section
Corporate Report 2019 44

 Financial Section
   Profitability Indices (Consolidated)
  ■Gross Profit to Net Sales (%)
13.9 13.8
■Operating Income to Net Sales (%)
  11.9
2015/3
12.5 12.9
7.0 6.4
8.2
2018/3
7.5
2019/3
■Ordinary Income to Net Sales (%)
■Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent to Net Sales
6.2
2015/3
7.2 6.4
2016/3
2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2015/3
8.5 (%) 7.9
9.5
2019/3
6.1
  2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
2015/3 2016/3
2017/3
  ■Return on Equity ■Return on Assets ■Total Assets Turnover (%) 18.3 (Times)
4.1
4.2
2016/3
5.8 4.6
2017/3 2018/3
   10.8
8.7 8.2 8.9 11.9
7.1
5.5 5.2 5.7
2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
Gross Profit to Net Sales (%) 11.9 Operating Income to Net Sales (%) 6.1 Ordinary Income to Net Sales (%) 6.2 Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent to Net Sales (%) 4.1 Return on Equity (%) 8.7 Return on Assets (%) 5.5 Total Assets Turnover (Times) 1.35
1.35 1.23
2015/3 2016/3
12.9 7.0 7.2 4.6 8.9 5.7 1.24
1.24 1.23 1.25
   2017/3 2018/3
13.9 8.2 8.5 5.8 10.8 7.1 1.23
2019/3
        2015/3
2016/3
12.5 6.4 6.4 4.2 8.2 5.2 1.23
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
      13.8
7.5
7.9
9.5
18.3
11.9
1.25
  45 Corporate Report 2019

    Stability Indices (Consolidated)
  ■Shareholders’ Equity to Total Assets (%)
■Current Ratio (%)
217.5
2015/3 2016/3
■Fixed Assets Ratio (%)
61.3 66.6
2015/3 2016/3
■Debt Equity Ratio
64.0
2015/3
63.3
2016/3
64.8
2017/3
66.6
2018/3
194.4
2018/3
738.6
2018/3
63.4
2019/3
171.5
2019/3
232.4 191.0
247.4
211.3
    ■Quick Assets to Current Liabilities (%)
2017/3 2018/3
64.0 61.1
2017/3 2018/3
8.1
6.5
2017/3 2018/3
66.6 247.4 194.4
61.1 738.6 6.5
2019/3
66.2
2019/3
10.3
2019/3
 170.8
2015/3
151.4
2016/3
182.1
2017/3
   ■Interest Coverage Ratio (Times)
(%)
10.8
2016/3
64.8 232.4 182.1
64.0 234.4 8.1
 619.3
2015/3
90.7 2016/3
234.4 2017/3
259.1 2019/3
5.9
2015/3
           Shareholders’ Equity to Total Assets (%) Current Ratio (%)
Quick Assets to Current Liabilities (%) Fixed Assets Ratio (%)
Interest Coverage Ratio (Times) Debt Equity Ratio (%)
64.0 63.3 217.5 191.0 170.8 151.4
61.3 66.6 619.3 90.7 5.9 10.8
2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
      63.4
211.3
171.5
66.2
259.1
10.3
  Corporate Report 2019 46
 Financial Section

 Financial Section
   Stock Price Indices (Consolidated)
  ■Earnings Per Share (¥)
390.25
2019/3
7.8
2019/3
■Book-value Per Share (¥)
       123.83
2015/3
125.90
2016/3
189.42 145.24
1,482.82
2015/3
■Price Earnings Ratio (Times)
2017/3
11.1
2017/3
46.0
2017/3
2018/3
15.0
2018/3
50.0
2018/3
■Price Book-value Ratio (Times)
0.9
0.8
2017/3
1.0
2017/3
2018/3
1.5
2018/3
1,569.09
2016/3
1,842.97 1,668.29
2,343.43
2019/3
1.3
2019/3
25.7
17.9 2019/3
    10.4
2015/3
9.9
2016/3
2015/3
2016/3
  ■Cash Dividends Per Share (¥)
38.0 32.0
■Payout Ratio 70.0 (%)
■Total Shareholder Return Ratio 71.4
53.6
26.4 30.2 31.7 26.4
2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
        2015/3
2016/3
2019/3
123.83 125.90 1,482.82 1,569.09 10.4 9.9 0.9 0.8 32.0 38.0 25.8 30.2 50.2 71.4
50.2
25.8
2015/3
        Earnings Per Share (yen) Book-value Per Share (yen) Price Earnings Ratio (Times) Price Book-value Ratio (Times) Cash Dividends Per Share (yen) Payout Ratio (%)
Total Shareholder Return Ratio (%)
145.24 189.42 1,668.29 1,842.97 11.1 15.0 1.0 1.5 46.0 50.0 31.7 26.4 53.6 26.4
2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
      390.25
2,343.43
7.8
1.3
70.0
17.9
25.7
  47 Corporate Report 2019

    Other Indices (Consolidated)
■Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (¥Millions)
26,620
■Capital Expenditures (¥Millions)
    17,382 17,382
2015/3 2016/3
■Depreciation Expenses (¥Millions)
17,607
2017/3
3,251
2017/3
8,074
2017/3
17,732
13,215
2016/3
          2,660
2015/3
3,001
2016/3
8,679
2015/3
16,299
2016/3
4,219
2015/3
7,139
2017/3
12,825
2017/3
4,256
3,887
  2018/3 2019/3
4,725
3,272
2018/3 2019/3
13,151
8,311
2018/3 2019/3
■Interest-bearing Debt (¥Millions)
2018/3 2019/3
18,049 11,435
2018/3 2019/3
      ■Number of employees (People)
7,988 7,903
2015/3 2016/3
              Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (¥Millions) 17,382 Capital Expenditures (¥Millions) 4,219 Depreciation Expenses (¥Millions) 2,660 Interest-bearing Debt (¥Millions) 8,679 Number of employees (People) 7,988
17,382 13,215 3,001 16,299 7,903
17,607 7,139 3,251
12,825 8,074
17,732 4,256 3,272
11,435 8,311
2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
      26,620
3,887
4,725
18,049
13,151
  Corporate Report 2019 48
 Financial Section

 Financial Section
    Consolidated Balance Sheets
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notesreceivable, accountsreceivablefromcompletedconstructioncontracts Short-term investment securities
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts and other Deferred tax assets
Other current assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts Noncurrent Assets
Property, plant and equipment Buildings and structures
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures Land
Other property and equipment Intangible assets
goodwill
Other intangible assets Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Net defined benefit asset
Other investments and other assets Allowance for doubtful accounts
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Notes payable, accounts payable for construction contracts Short-term loans payable
Income taxes payable
Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts Provision for bonuses
Provision for directors’ bonuses
Provision for warranties for completed construction Provision for loss on construction contracts Provision for Loss on dissolved welfare pension fund Other current liabilities
Noncurrent liabilities Bonds payable
Long-term loans payable
Deferred tax liabilities
Provision for directors’ retirement benefits Allowance for investment loss
Net defined benefit liability
Other noncurrent liabilities
NET ASSETS
Shareholders’ Equity Capital stock
Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock
Accumulated other comprehensive income Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Subscription rights to shares Non-controlling interests
138,813 12,526 84,691 11,765 22,010
4,976 2,903 (60) 89,609 52,005 17,732 2,408 30,342 1,521 6,278 3,065 3,213 31,325 16,896 11,774 4,474
(1,819)
63,819 35,193 2,180 1,964 2,248 1,049 173 296 5,456 123 15,134 17,834 — 5,974 5,732 262 17 4,682 1,163
134,696 6,888 6,879 137,957
(17,029) 11,579 5,157 35 6,386 263 229
137,950 16,244 93,055
91 21,515 3,355 3,688
(1) 100,350 59,830 20,615 4,043 34,370 801 6,477 1,983 4,494 34,043 17,777 13,467 4,161
(1,363)
72,241 37,629 13,336
2,562 3,255 1,124
138 907 258
76 12,952 14,818 — 2,413 5,557 244 95 4,809 1,697
139,922 6,888 7,939 147,004
(21,910) 10,821 4,121 28 6,671 241 255
142,395 15,431 96,080
63 24,159 3,733 2,927
(0) 101,042 62,002 20,074 4,710 36,197 1,021 4,414 1,053 3,360 34,626 17,093 14,520 4,228
(1,216)
61,283 36,606 826 4,142 3,457 1,242 129 57 507 — 14,314 23,874 10,000 1,390 5,244 257 206 4,925 1,851
147,333 6,888 7,978 156,477
(24,011) 10,470 3,566 15 6,888 288 187
2018/3
152,365 26,095 92,185
4,499 27,617 — 1,967
(1) 108,940 62,664 21,003 4,542 36,602 516 3,909 658 3,251 42,365 19,833 17,947 4,819
(235) 261,305
63,161 34,802 1,012 5,004 3,574 1,421 126 58 290 — 16,870 22,042 10,000 10 4,966 272 42 5,070 1,680 85,204
161,682 6,888 8,098 169,883
(23,187) 13,891 5,198 11 8,681 285 242 176,101 261,305
(¥Millions)
2019/3
241,708 41,805 156,361 895 38,401 — 4,403
(158) 174,774 97,955 31,603 8,738 55,403 2,209 14,762 10,259 4,502 62,056 37,917 16,283 8,341
(485) 416,483
114,406 59,265 13,069
7,498 5,487 3,744
420 86 344 — 24,489 34,265 10,000 4,659 6,965 604 — 9,283 2,753 148,671
252,870 6,888 47,868 204,647
(6,534) 11,026 4,603 (65 6,488 355 3,559 267,811
416,483
     2015/3
  2016/3
  2017/3
       Total assets
  228,422
  238,301
  243,438
        Total liabilities
  81,653
  87,060
  85,158
    Total net assets
 146,768
 151,241
 158,280
 Total liabilities and net assets
 228,422
 238,301
 243,438
   49 Corporate Report 2019

    Consolidated Statements of Income
    2015/3
 2016/3
 2017/3
 2018/3 2019/3
 Net sales of completed construction contracts
 300,912
 287,437
 298,825
 312,669 423,727
     Cost of sales of completed construction contracts Selling, general and administrative expenses
Interest income
Dividends income
Foreign exchange gains
Reversal of allowance for doubtful accounts Land and house rent received
Gain on sales of non-current assets Reversal of allowance for investment loss Gain on exchange of investment securities Gain on step acquisitions
Other
Interest expenses
Rent expenses
Loss on sales of noncurrent assets Loss on retirement of noncurrent assets Loss on valuation of investment securities Foreign exchange losses
Impairment loss
Other
Gain on sales of noncurrent assets
Gain on sales of investment securities Gain on abolishment of retirement benefit plan Gain on bargain purchase
Impairment loss Goodwill amortization
Income taxes-current Income taxes-deferred Total income taxes
265,171 251,642 17,382 17,382
26 21 243 266 438 —
— 441 146 157 — 261 — — — — — — 399 289
52 57 — 44 313 138 — — — — — 397 208 — 449 701
1,180 — — — — — — —
— — — —
6,823 4,203 669 2,086 7,493 6,290
260,344 17,607
4 315 — 111 572 437 — 203 — 290
49 185 516 45 — 143 — 458
— 1,262 209 —
2,159 —
7,719 (737) 6,982
(¥Millions)
269,315 365,389
17,732 26,620
4 16 403 537 — — — — 401 295 114 592 170 — — — — 346 303 679
33 48 — — 57 4 68 118
1 106 169 — — 135 241 340
— — — — — — — 18,313
— — — 126
8,018 11,943 375 (658) 8,393 11,284
     Gross profit on completed construction contracts
    Non-operating income
Extraordinary loss
     Income before income taxes and minority interests
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
35,740
18,358
1,254
19,769
12,276
35,795
18,412
1,438
18,512
12,222
38,480
20,873
20,721
13,739
43,354 58,337
25,621 31,716
     Operating income
 1,936
1,398 2,468
     Non-operating expenses
1,024
18,589
1,338
18,512
1,400
21,409
571 753
26,448 33,431
     Ordinary income
     Extraordinary income
1,180
—
1,471
— 18,313
     —
—
2,159
— 126
26,448 51,617
18,054 40,333
     Net income
     Profit (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests
11
37
(50)
     Profit attributable to owners of parent
12,264
12,184
13,789
61 113
17,993 40,219
       (¥Millions)
        2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
        Net income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Breakdown
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of the parent Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
1,526 36 4,592 6,154
18,397 33
(1,035) (554) 1,631 (18) (30) (10) 285 216 1,793
(769) (368) 3,414
11,426 13,438 21,413 26 (68) 55
12,276
12,222
13,739
18,054
40,333
      Other comprehensive income
(625)
(92)
(2,193)
(2,911)
      Comprehensive income
18,430
11,452
13,370
21,469
37,421
37,354
67
  Corporate Report 2019 50
 Financial Section

 Financial Section
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
     2015/3
  2016/3
  2017/3
       Shareholders’ equity Capital stock
Balance at the beginning of current period
Capital surplus
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in Stock exchange
Increase in treasury stock due to increase in consolidated subsidiaries
Retained earnings
Balance at the beginning of current period
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent Change of scope of consolidation
Treasury stock
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of the treasury stock
Changes in Stock exchange
Increase in treasury stock due to increase in consolidated subsidiaries Acquisition of own shares via trust
Transfer of own shares via trust
Total shareholders’ equity
Balance at the beginning of current period
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of the treasury stock
Changes in Stock exchange
Increase in treasury stock due to increase in consolidated subsidiaries Change of scope of consolidation
Change in equity due to additional acquisition of consolidated subsidiary stock Acquisition of own shares via trust
Transfer of own shares via trust
Accumulated other comprehensive income Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total accumulated other comprehensive income Balance at the beginning of current period Change of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Subscription rights to shares
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Minority interests
Balance at the beginning of current period Changes of items during the period
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total net assets
Balance at the beginning of current period
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in Stock exchange
Increase in treasury stock due to increase in consolidated subsidiaries Change of scope of consolidation
Change in equity due to additional acquisition of consolidated subsidiary stock Acquisition of own shares via trust
Transfer of own shares via trust
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
6,888 6,888 6,888
6,645 6,879 7,939
234 1,060 38 — — — — — —
130,822 137,957 147,004 (2,352) — 22
(2,776) (3,137) (4,338) 12,264 12,184 13,789 — — —
(14,487) (17,029) (21,910)
(3,002) (5,002) (3,002) 460 2,057 167 — — — — — — — (2,600) — — 664 733
129,868 134,696 139,922 (2,352) — 22
(¥Millions)
2018/3 2019/3
6,888 6,888 —— 6,888 6,888
Total changes of items during the period
 —
 —
 —
 Balance at the end of current period
6,888
6,888
6,888
    7,978 8,098 120 123
— 39,639
— 7 120 39,770 8,098 47,868
Total changes of items during the period
234
1,060
38
Balance at the end of current period
 6,879
 7,939
 7,978
   156,477 169,883 — —
(4,588) (5,433) 17,993 40,219
— (21) 13,405 34,764 169,883 204,647
Total changes of items during the period
9,487
9,047
9,450
Balance at the end of current period
 137,957
 147,004
 156,477
   (24,011) (23,187) (3) (3,015)
311 277 — 19,862 — (1,157) — —
515 685
823 16,653 (23,187) (6,534)
147,333 161,682 — —
Total changes of items during the period
 (2,542)
 (4,880)
 (2,101)
 Balance at the end of current period
(17,029)
(21,910)
(24,011)
 (2,776) (3,137) (4,338) 12,264 12,184 13,789
(4,588) (5,433) 17,993 40,219
(3,002) (5,002) (3,002) 694 3,117 206 — — — — — — — — — — — — — (2,600) — — 664 733
(3) (3,015) 431 400 — 59,502
Total changes of items during the period
 7,179
 5,226
 7,388
 Balance at the end of current period
134,696
139,922
147,333
  3,631 5,157 4,121 1,525 (1,036) (554)
21 35 28 14 (7) (12)
1,794 6,386 6,671 4,592 285 216
5,446 11,579 10,821 6,132 (758) (350)
175 263 241 88 (22) 47
195 229 255 33 26 (68)
135,687 146,768 151,241 (2,352) — 22
— (1,157) — (21) — 7 — —
515 685 14,349 91,187 161,682 252,870
3,566 5,198
1,631 (594) 1,631 (594) 5,198 4,603
15 11
Total changes of items during the period
1,525
(1,036)
(554)
Balance at the end of current period
 5,157
 4,121
 3,566
   (2,776) (3,137) (4,338) 12,264 12,184 13,789
(4,588) (5,433) 17,993 40,219
(3,002) (5,002) (3,002) 694 3,117 206 — — — — — — — — — — — — — (2,600) — — 664 733
(3) (3,015) 431 400 — 59,502
6,254 (754) (371)
— (1,157) — (21) — 7 — —
515 685 3,471 522 17,820 91,710 176,101 267,811
(4) (76)
(4) (76) 11 (65)
Total changes of items during the period
14
(7)
(12)
Balance at the end of current period
 35
 28
 15
   6,888 8,681
1,793 (2,193) 1,793 (2,193) 8,681 6,488
10,470 13,891
Total changes of items during the period
4,592
285
216
Balance at the end of current period
 6,386
 6,671
 6,888
   3,420 (2,865)
3,420 (2,865) 13,891 11,026
Total changes of items during the period
6,132
(758)
(350)
Balance at the end of current period
 11,579
 10,821
 10,470
   288 285
(3) 70
(3) 70 285 355
Total changes of items during the period
88
(22)
47
Balance at the end of current period
 263
 241
 288
   187 242
55 3,317
55 3,317 242 3,559
Total changes of items during the period
 33
 26
 (68)
 Balance at the end of current period
229
255
187
 158,280 176,101 — —
Total changes of items during the period
 13,434
 4,472
 7,016
 Balance at the end of current period
 146,768
 151,241
 158,280
    51 Corporate Report 2019

    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
    2015/3
 2016/3
 2017/3
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
 23,167
 5,389
 15,504
        Income before income taxes and minority interests Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Gain on bargain purchase
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses Increase (decrease) in provision for warranties for completed construction Increase (decrease) in provision for loss on construction contracts Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit asset (liability) Interest and dividends income
Interest expenses
Loss (gain) on sales of noncurrent assets Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable-trade Decrease(increase) incostsonuncompletedconstructioncontractsandother Decrease (increase) in other operating assets Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable-trade Increase(decrease) inadvancesreceivedonuncompletedconstructioncontracts Increase (decrease) in other operating liabilities Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities Gain on exchange of investment securities Gain on abolishment of retirement benefit plan Other, net
Sub-total
Interest and dividends income received Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Purchase of property and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Payments of loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Decrease (increase) in time deposits and other Other, net
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable Proceeds from issuance of bonds Repayment of long-term loans payable Proceeds from long-term loans payable Redemption of bonds
Purchase of treasury stock
Proceeds from sales of treasury stock Acquisition of own shares via trust Transfer of own shares via trust
Cash dividends paid
Other, net
19,769 18,512 2,660 2,857 208 71 849 1,082 — —
(32) (514) (347) 75 — 611
4,631 (5,197) (2,004) (1,339) (270) (288)
52 57 (867) (122) — — 8,095 (8,419)
877 487 (623) (423) (454) 2,438 277 1,006 189 (2,673)
— (0) — — — — 44 483
33,055 8,705 270 288 (37) (59)
(10,121) (3,545)
(3,434) (10,467) 1,990 1,533 (612) (2,137)
(738) (2,570) 203 10
(361) —
— (30) 109 4
— (298) 16 49
(6,799) 5,703 — — (124) (708) — 2,600
(110) — (3,002) (5,002) 669 3,008 — (2,600)
— 664 (2,777) (3,133) (199) (218)
20,721 3,251 2,159
929 —
(148) 117 (850) 248 (399) (319) 49 79 —
(3,127) (2,659) 965 (1,014)
204 2,671 (1,262)
(203) (209) 390
21,595 318 (66)
(6,343)
(5,761) 901 (2,416)
(443) 1,686
—
(111) 1
44 72
(12,306) 9,991 (1,227) — —
(3,002) 153 — 733
(4,329) (244)
(¥Millions)
2018/3 2019/3
24,800 12,770 26,448 51,617 3,272 4,725 0 135 395 1,201
— (18,313) (980) 50 179 419 0 28
(216) (106) (694) (1,231) (407) (554)
33 48 (56) (580) 0 (67) 3,892 (28,202)
(3,447) 701 2,175 (1,009) (1,802) 9,240
118 198 2,327 4,528 0 — — — — — 285 356 31,523 23,187 408 552
(33) (49) (7,098) (10,920) (4,538) (17,609) (3,214) (2,757)
352 698 (1,010) (1,079) (429) (484)
0 233 — (16,961)
(204) (358) 1 3,098 1 20
(35) (20) (5,137) (4,924) (100) 4,130
— — (1,093) (2,474) — 1,260
— — (3) (3,015) 308 339
— — 515 685 (4,581) (5,425)
(182) (426) (23) (113) 15,101 (9,877)
15,241 30,343
— 55 — 20,948
30,343 41,469
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
 (2,828)
 (13,907)
 (6,027)
  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
 (12,343)
 313
 (10,230)
  Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
  83
  (49)
  (42)
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
8,078
(8,254)
(796)
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
  16,213
  24,291
  16,037
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents resulting from change of scope of consolidation
—
—
—
 Increase in cash and cash equivalents due to share exchange
 —
 —
 —
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period
  24,291
  16,037
  15,241
        Corporate Report 2019 52
 Financial Section

 Financial Section
   Financial Highlights (Non-consolidated)
  ■Orders Received ■Net Sales (¥Millions)
287,206 279,060
2019/3
■Gross Profit (¥Millions)
21,326 21,586
2015/3 2016/3
■Ordinary Income (¥Millions)
12,735 10,962
2015/3 2016/3
■Total Assets ■Net Assets (¥Millions)
31,611 27,696
         10,012
2015/3
■Net Income (¥Millions)
13,235
9,399
10,073
11,210
      2016/3 2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
19,897
2019/3
241,884 227,521 21,586 10,073 12,735 9,399 200,289 103,958
2018/3
223,073
2019/3
307,897
197,990
268,356
268,514 256,864
2018/3
   236,672 236,236
2015/3
227,521 241,884
243,546
        ■Operating Income (¥Millions)
26,365 19,413
2016/3 2017/3
23,220
2017/3
12,225
2017/3
205,965
2018/3
2019/3
18,119 15,153
    17,120
14,619
           2015/3
2016/3 2017/3
2018/3
236,236 236,672 21,326 10,012 10,962 13,235 188,122 102,552
188,122
102,552
2015/3
268,356 243,546 23,220 11,210 12,225 17,120 205,965 114,129
200,289
103,958
2016/3
114,129
2017/3
268,514 256,864 27,696 15,153 19,413 14,619 223,073 126,671
126,671
2018/3
2019/3
(¥Millions)
        Orders Received Net Sales
Gross Profit Operating Income Ordinary Income Net Income
Total Assets Net Assets
2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
      287,206
279,060
31,611
18,119
26,365
19,897
307,897
197,990
  53 Corporate Report 2019

 Trends by Segment (Non-consolidated)
Orders Received by Business Segment (Non-consolidated)
(¥Millions)
236,236 241,884
287,206
NTT group engineering
NTT group engineering
NCCs
2015/3
125,428
Urban infrastructure
2016/3 2017/3
141,628 159,656
19,790 27,597 57,408 58,825
23,056 22,276 241,884 268,356
Urban infrastructure
2016/3 2017/3
132,765 146,591 22,536 22,649 51,350 51,714
20,869 22,590 227,521 243,546
SYSTEM-SOLUTIONS
2015/3 2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
Urban infrastructure
SYSTEM- SOLUTIONS
Total
NTT group engineering
NTT group engineering
NCCs 35,582
268,356
268,514
Net Sales by Business Segment (Non-consolidated)
(¥Millions)
236,672
279,060 256,864
SYSTEM-SOLUTIONS
2015/3
2017/3
2018/3
2018/3
Urban infrastructure
SYSTEM- SOLUTIONS
Total
227,521
2016/3
127,237
2018/3
146,674 27,164 59,612
23,412 256,864
243,546
(¥Millions)
2019/3
146,174 30,381 75,900
26,603 279,060
NCCs 33,662
2018/3
145,425
30,909 68,802
23,376 268,514
(¥Millions)
2019/3
137,235
32,080 90,161
27,729 287,206
56,687
20,458 236,236
NCCs
2015/3
53,444
20,407 236,672
Financial Section
Corporate Report 2019 54

 Financial Section
    Non-consolidated Balance Sheets
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Noncurrent assets
Property, plant and equipment
Tools, furniture and fixtures Land
Lease assets
Construction in progress
Intangible assets Software
Other intangible assets Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliates Long-term loans receivable from subsidiaries and associates Claims provable in bankruptcy, claimed provable in rehabilitation and other Long-term prepaid expenses
Prepaid pension cost
Other investments and other assets Allowance for doubtful accounts
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Accounts payable for construction contracts Short-term loans payable
Lease obligations
Accounts payable-other
Accrued expenses
Income taxes payable
Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts Deposits received
Provision for warranties for completed construction Provision for loss on construction contracts Other current liabilities
Noncurrent liabilities Bonds payable
Long-term loans payable Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities Allowance for investment loss Asset retirement obligations Other noncurrent liabilities
NET ASSETS
Shareholders’ equity Capital stock
Capital surplus
Legal retained earnings
Reserve for advanced depreciation of noncurrent assets Reserve for special account for advanced depreciation of non-current assets General reserve
Retained earnings brought forward
Treasury stock
Valuation and translation adjustments
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Subscription rights to shares
2018/3
(¥Millions)
2019/3
     2015/3
  2016/3
  2017/3
       Notes receivable-trade
Accounts receivable from completed construction contracts Short-term investment securities
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts Finished goods
Raw materials and supplies
Short-term loans receivable
Prepaid expenses
Deferred tax assets
Other current assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
(46) 79,936 39,372 12,733 1,191 1,169
590 22,459 223 1,003 3,003 2,159 844 37,560 13,836 19,653 642 56 65 2,506 2,315
(1,517)
78,210 35,085 1,073 96 2,170 4,724 414 1,332 26,290 76 5,175 1,771 7,358 — 5,000 153 1,993 17 121 72
97,745 6,888 7,373 1,547 2,088
— 74,600 22,277
(17,029) 4,544 4,544 263
— 90,769 47,541 15,219 1,849 2,547
690 26,671 253 310 4,315 2,921 1,394 38,912 14,417 19,891 — 56 186 3,611 1,914
(1,165)
91,408 41,292 12,000
103 1,993 5,142 954 2,590 26,132 774 258 166 4,922 — 2,010 179 1,900 95 287 449
100,186 6,888 8,433 1,547 2,151 — 74,600 28,475
(21,910) 3,530 3,530 241
Buildings
Structures
Machinery and equipment
108,185 9,074 1,147 63,863 11,765 14,365 — 79 2,500 277 3,332 1,823
109,519 12,990 772 74,487 90 12,963 — 540 2,617 326 1,794 2,935
113,459 12,452 1,374 75,397 63 14,571 405 737 3,722 336 1,956 2,442 — 92,505 50,779 14,673 2,230 3,421
126,425 22,257 488 76,342 4,499 17,466 568 689 2,576 392 — 1,143 — 96,648 51,676 15,358 2,289 3,216
138,390 14,563 314 89,485 — 20,706 343 785 9,755 516 — 1,918 — 169,506 50,974 14,758 2,207 3,230 Vehicles 00000
550 29,263 205 432 3,207 2,704 502 38,519 13,469 19,987 — 55 118 4,095 1,831
(1,038)
77,968 40,413 — 95 1,000 6,117 2,032 2,806 23,371 21 356 1,751 13,868 10,000 1,235 141 1,425 192 439 434
110,915 6,888 8,471 1,547 2,363 — 74,600 41,055
(24,011) 2,924 2,924 288
540 29,930 164 175 3,104 3,007 96 41,867 16,091 19,749 — 55 39 5,091 900
(61) 223,073
84,555 40,368 389 70 1,652 6,806 2,932 2,831 27,645 45 275 1,538 11,847 10,000 — 119 651 42 503 530 96,402
121,890 6,888 8,592 1,547 2,362 — 74,600 51,087
(23,187) 4,495 4,495 285 126,671 223,073
773 29,859 115 28 2,670 2,565 105 115,861 16,199 92,256 — 55 28 6,360 1,016
(55) 307,897
98,260 43,995 4,000 62 1,471 8,094 3,305 3,359 32,011 74 264 1,621 11,646 10,000 — 69 943 — 562 70 109,906
192,771 6,888 48,355 1,547 2,361 318 74,600 65,234
(6,534) 4,863 4,863
355 197,990 307,897
Total assets
  188,122
  200,289
  205,965
        Total liabilities
  85,569
  96,330
  91,836
    Total net assets
 102,552
 103,958
 114,129
 Total liabilities and net assets
 188,122
 200,289
 205,965
   55 Corporate Report 2019

   Non-consolidated Statements of Income
  (¥Millions)
      Net sales of completed construction contracts
Non-operating income
2015/3
236,672
2016/3
227,521
2017/3
2018/3
    256,864
2019/3
  243,546
279,060
247,449
      Gross profit on completed construction contracts
21,326
21,586
23,220
27,696
31,611
13,492
      Operating income
10,012
10,073
11,210
15,153
18,119
      1,504
3,644
1,749
4,746
9,068
105
7,561
489
1
—
—
569
341
      Non-operating expenses
554
982
734
485
822
15
7
96
290
129
95
—
—
—
188
      Ordinary income
10,962
12,735
12,225
19,413
26,365
      Extraordinary income
6,669
—
10,750
—
—
      Extraordinary loss
—
—
2,148
—
363
      Income before income taxes
17,632
12,735
20,827
19,413
26,002
      Income taxes-current
3,837
1,276
4,065
4,305
5,974
      Income taxes-deferred
558
2,059
(358)
488
129
      Total income taxes
4,396
3,336
3,707
4,794
6,104
      Net income
13,235
9,399
17,120
14,619
19,897
          Cost of sales of completed construction contracts
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Interest income
Interest on securities
Dividends income
Land and house rent received
Foreign exchange gains
Reversal of allowance for doubtful accounts Gain on sales of non-current assets Other
Interest expenses
Interest on bonds
Loss on valuation of investment securities Loss on valuation of shares of subsidiaries and associates Rent expenses
Loss on retirement of non-current assets Foreign exchange losses
Provision of allowance for investment loss Impairment loss
Other
215,346 205,934 220,326 229,167 11,313 11,513 12,010 12,543
33 43 37 40
13 10 0 1 193 2,392 259 3,608 466 397 783 630 474 — — — 168 — — —
— 231 402 57 155 569 266 407
57 48 35 6 — — 1 15 — — — — — — — —
202 137 260 164 — — — 28 — 400 150 170 — 78 96 20
150 — — — 144 318 190 79
Corporate Report 2019 56
 Financial Section

 Stock Information
   (as of March 31, 2019)
Fiscal Year-End
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting
Stock Listing Ticker Code Common Stock
Total Number of Shareholders
Transfer Agent and Registrar
March 31
June 22, 2018
Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section)
1951
Authorized: 300,000,000 shares Issued: 117,812,419 shares
19,734
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Major Shareholders
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
ESOP Association of KYOWA EXEO CORPORATION
BBH FOR MATTHEWS JAPAN FUND
SUMITOMO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Sumitomo Realty & Development Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd., Retirement Benefit Trust Account reentrusted by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd.
(Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Retirement Benefit Trust Account)
15,550 13.81
6,934 6.16
4,037 3.59
3,606 3.20
2,296 2.04
2,081 1.85
1,834 1.63
1,721 1.53
1,608 1.43
1,500 1.33
   Number of shares held (thousand)
  Percentage of total shares issued (%)
            Stock Price Range and Trading Volume on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Stock Price (¥)
3,400
2,000
600
Note: The Company holds 5,201 thousand shares of treasury stock although those shares are not included in the above table.
The percentage of total shares issued is calculated by excluding treasury stock.
Composition of Shareholders
Treasury stock 4.4%
companies 1.3%
 Financial institutions 39.6%
Securities Foreign companies
Individuals and others 19.1%
24.5%
Other corporations 11.1%
Trading Volume (Million Shares)
20 15 10 5
                     57 Corporate Report 2019
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 101112 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 101112 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 101112 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 101112 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 101112 1 2 3 0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
 
      Board of Directors (as of July 1, 2019)
         Building a better, brighter future together
               Chairman
Fuminori Kozono
President & CEO
Tetsuya Funabashi
Director and Executive Operating Officer
Yoshiaki Matsuzaka
Director and Executive Operating Officer
Noritsugu Totani
Director and Managing Operating Officer
Yasuo Otsubo
               Director and Managing Operating Officer
Tomohiro Kurosawa
Director and Managing Operating Officer
Yuichi Koyama
Director and Managing Operating Officer
Hideo Higuchi
Director
Yuki Sakuyama
Director
Hiroaki Kubozono
               Director
Toshihiko Kumamoto
Director
Toshiro Ue
Director (Independent Director)
Kazuteru Kanazawa
Director (Independent Director)
Yasushi Kohara
Director(Independent Director)*
Naoko Iwasaki
            Standing Statutory Auditor
Yoshiharu Takizawa
Standing Statutory Auditor
Kazuo Sato
Statutory Auditor (Independent Auditor)
Kozo Meguro
Statutory Auditor (Independent Auditor)
Tomoko Aramaki
  Eiichi Matsuda Yuji Sato Hideki Obara
Koichi Mino Fumio Kumagai Kyoji Okabe
Masato Suwabe Noriyuki Watabe Keijiro Shizukuishi
Makoto Shirakata kosei Nakashima Kazunori Yuasa
Hachizo Sato
Eiji Fujimaki Masahito Oishibashi
Yoshiaki Nanjyo Mitsuhisa Iwai Shinji Kumataka
Mitsumasa Watanabe Fumiitoshi Imaizumi
Managing Operating Officers
Operating Officers
Masahiro Kikuchi Hiroshi Akiduki Shinji Kojima
Corporate Report 2019 58
 Stock Information / Board of Directors

 