      INTEGRATED REPORT 2021
  ©SEGA
    ©SEGA
Breaking the Current Situation and Becoming a Sustainable Company
SEGA SAMMY Group announced a new medium-term plan in May 2021.
Amid dramatic changes to the business environment under the global impact of COVID-19, the Group has embarked on a new mission to break out of the current situation and become a truly sustainable corporate group.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 explains the Group’s future growth strategies centered on the new medium-term plan, and presents the vision for the Group in 2030, our long-term vision.
Index
02 Realizing the Mission (Raison d’être)
04 New Medium-Term Plan (From FY2022/3 to FY2024/3)
12 To Our Stakeholders
14 A Message from the CEO
20 A Message from the CFO
24 Financial Performance
28 Special Feature:
Growth Strategies for the Consumer Area
34 Business Overview
36 Entertainment Contents Business
40 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business 44 Resort Business
46 The SEGA SAMMY Group’s Value Creation and Materiality
52 ESG Risks and Countermeasures in the Value Chain 54 A History of Experiences That Move the Heart
56 Non-Financial Data
58 Corporate Governance
68 Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers
71 Financial Information
79 Company Profile / Stock Information
80 Consolidated Financial Statements
SUSTAINABILITY ACTION REPORT 2021
Provides detailed information and data on activities related to the Group’s five key issues (materiality). Please read alongside the INTEGRATED REPORT.
https://www.segasammy.co.jp/english/pr/commu/
Cautionary Statement with Respect to Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this integrated report regarding the plans, estimates, beliefs, management strategies, perceptions, and other aspects of SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. (“the Company”) and SEGA SAMMY Group Companies (“the Group”), including SEGA CORPORATION and Sammy Corporation, are forward-looking statements based on the information currently available to the Company. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those statements using words such as “believe,” “expect,” “plans,” “strategy,” “prospects,” “forecast,” “estimate,” “project,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “may,” and “might,” and words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operations, financial performance, events, or conditions. From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements may also be included in other materials released to the public. These statements are based on management’s assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to management. The Company cautions you that a number of important risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on them. You also should not assume that the Company has any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. The Company disclaims any such obligation. Actual results may vary significantly from the Company’s forecasts due to various factors. Factors that could influence actual results include, but are not limited to, economic conditions, especially trends in consumer spending, as well as currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in laws and government systems, pressure from competitors’ pricing and product strategies, declines in the marketability of the Group’s existing and new products, disruptions to production, violations of the Group’s intellectual property rights, rapid advances in technology, and unfavorable verdicts in major litigation. [This INTEGRATED REPORT includes “forward- looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.]
Cautionary Statement for Investors and Shareholders with Respect to Nevada Gaming Statutes and Regulations
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. (“the Company”) is registered with the Nevada Commission as a publicly traded corporation and has been found suitable to directly or indirectly own the stock of SEGA SAMMY CREATION INC., and Sega Sammy Creation USA, Inc., both of which are subsidiaries that have been licensed as manufacturers and distributors of gaming devices in Nevada. Pursuant to Nevada law, the Company’s shareholders are subject to the rules and regulations of the Nevada Gaming Authorities. A detailed explanation of Nevada gaming statutes and regulations
can be found on the Company’s corporate website: https://www.segasammy.co.jp/english/ir/stock/regulation/
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 01

 Realizing the Mission (Raison d’être)
Haruki Satomi
President and Group CEO, Representative Director SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
Vision for the Group in 2030
Making Life More Colorful through the Creation of Experiences that Move the Heart
The SEGA SAMMY Group has formulated a long-term vision aiming for 2030. The Group’s Mission of “Constantly Creating, Forever Captivating—Making life more colorful—” and our Vision, “Be a Game Changer” which are the reason we exist, remain unchanged.
Guided by these overarching concepts, we seek to become a Global Leading Contents Provider in the Entertainment Contents Business centered on SEGA. We will deliver even more games and other content to global markets. In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, we are aiming to be No. 1 in sales and utilization share by creating machines from a user-centric perspective and optimizing the product lineup. Finally, in the Resort Business, we will identify opportunities for entry and focus on opening an integrated resort (IR).
We have also begun to explore ways of enhancing sustainability, and will work toward the sustainable improvement of corporate value.
MISSION (Raison d’être)
Constantly Creating, Forever Captivating
—Making life more colorful—
VISION (Ideal self)
Be a Game Changer
VALUE (Mindset and DNA) “Creation is Life” ×
Merging business and materiality
“Always Proactive, Alway Pioneering”
Managing the Businesses Based on the Group’s Mindset and DNA
Value created by our business
(Value Creation in Core Business)
Entertainment Contents Business
Add color to life by providing experiences that move the heart through games and other entertainment.
Materiality to be addressed and key categories
Vision for the Group in 2030
Vision for the Group in 2030
No. 1 in sales and utilization share Building a stable earnings structure
Resort Business
Consumer area
Investment in growth
Global Leading Contents Provider Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Add stimulation to everyday life by providing experiences that move the heart through pachislot and pachinko.
Pachislot and Pachinko Stabilization of earnings
Environment
Addiction
People
Add relaxation to life by providing experiences that move the heart through resorts.
Japan IR
Investment in growth
Opening of IR
Products and Services
Governance
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 03

New Medium-Term Plan (From FY2022/3 to FY2024/3)
 The goal of the new medium-term plan is to go Beyond the Status Quo. We are aiming to break out of the current situation and become a truly sustainable corporate group. As quantitative goals for the plan, we have set a target of ordinary income of ¥45.0 billion and ROE of over 10% in the fiscal year ending March 2024.
Quantitative Goals
We will improve ROE by shifting management toward a focus on capital efficiency. We had been maintaining a substantial equity capital buffer preparing for entry into the domestic IR business,
which meant holding down financial leverage. Going forward, we will optimize the capital structure, shift to a policy of proactive invest- ment, and target an ROE of over 10%.
Beyond the Status Quo
Breaking the Current Situation and Becoming a Sustainable Company
FY2024/3: Ordinary income ¥45.0 billion, ROE over 10% Pachislot and Pachinko
Improving ROE by Shifting Management toward a Capital Efficiency Focus
   GOAL
STRATEGY
ROE
Billions of yen
Net sales
Ordinary income
  Consumer Area Investment in growth
Machines Business
Shoring up the earnings base
Certification as
IR business operator*
* For more information on the future direction of the IR business, see page 44.
2.9% 0.9% 4.6% 0.4%
5%(Forecast) 7%(Forecast) 10%(Forecast)
   323.6
366.5 331.6
312.0
337.0
350.0
    277.7
  14.5
7.4
FY2018/3 FY2019/3 FY2020/3 FY2021/3
25.2
1.7
20.0
30.0
FY2022/3 FY2023/3 FY2024/3
New medium-term plan
45.0
  Previous medium-term plan (Road to 2020)
Structural reforms
ordinary income at a level of around ¥10.0 billion over three years. The Resort Business will target the fastest possible return to profit- ability once the COVID-19 pandemic subsides.
 Strategic Framework
In terms of growth investment, we will focus management resources mainly on the Consumer area and expand the scale of earnings by strengthening the global branding of existing IPs.
Our initiatives will include expanding touch points with users such as by the multiplatform deployment of content and simultane- ous worldwide release, prolonging product life cycles by remaster- ing and remaking IPs and other measures, and strengthening user engagement through a mix of media. Over the long run, we aim to
create “Super Games” that can bring in sales of ¥100.0 billion over their lifetimes.
In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, we are aiming to boost market share by creating machines from a user-centric perspective and optimizing the product lineup, while also working to improve business efficiency and ensure stable earnings.
In the integrated resort (IR) business, we will continue to pursue the possibility of acquiring certification as an IR business operator.
Global development of existing IPs Creating “Super Games”
Certification as an IR business operator
Creating hits Business efficiency
Breakdown by Segment
We aim to achieve further growth in the Entertainment Contents Business, targeting ¥40.0 billion in ordinary income in the fiscal year ending March 2024. In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Busi- ness, we will build a business structure that can steadily generate
   Investment in growth
Consumer Area, IR Business
   Ensuring stable earnings
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines, Amusement Machine Sales, Animation and Toys
Entertainment Contents
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
Resort
Other and eliminations
Consolidated
Net sales Operating income Ordinary income
Net sales Operating income Ordinary income
Net sales Operating income Ordinary income
Net sales Operating income Ordinary income
Net sales Operating income Ordinary income ROE
FY2021/3 (Results)
217.8 27.9 27.9
53.1 –10.6 –11.3
6.3 –4.1 –8.9
0.5 –6.7 –6.0
277.7 6.5 1.7
0.4%
FY2022/3 (Forecast)
213.0 23.0 25.0
89.0 9.0 9.0
9.5 –3.0 –5.0
0.5 –9.0 –90
312.0 20.0 20.0
5%
FY2023/3 (Forecast)
238.0 28.5 30.0
88.0 9.0 9.0
10.5 –1.5 0
0.5 –9.0 –9.0
337.0 27.0 30.0
7%
Billions of yen
FY2024/3 (Forecast)
242.0 39.0 40.0
96.0 13.0 13.0
10.5 –1.3 1.0
1.5 –8.7 –9.0
350.0 42.0 45.0
10%
  04
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 05

New Medium-Term Plan (From FY2022/3 to FY2024/3)
 Goals and Strategies for the Entertainment Contents Business
In the Entertainment Contents Business, we have positioned the Consumer area as a growth area for the Group. Over the period of the new medium-term plan, we will expand the scale of earnings by digging deeper into existing IPs and developing them globally. We are also striving to create “Super Games,” major titles that scale globally, by the fiscal year ending March 2026.
Moreover, we will augment development resources in Japan and overseas and actively seek out acquisition opportunities. We will also continue to invest in startups and other ventures. In the Consumer area, we plan additional investments of ¥100.0 billion over the next five years.
Visualized Earnings Growth
Strengthening existing IPs over three years to build a robust framework
Creating a “Super Games” within five years
3y
Strategy 1
Strengthen the global branding of existing IPs
5years
Core Strategies
       Utilize past IPs
 Support subscription-based service
Long-Term Goals
   Becoming a Global Leading Contents Provider
 FY2024/3
By FY2026/3
Creating “Super Games”
    F2P games (smartphone games for Japan)
 Amusement Machines
Reinforcing the earnings base by strengthening the global branding of existing IPs
Investment stage toward becoming a global player
By FY2024/3
By FY2026/3
By FY2030/3
3 years Core Strategies
 * For more information, see pages 28-33.
Strategic Portfolio
The core strategies of the new medium-term plan center around digging deeper into key existing IPs like Sonic, PHANTASY STAR, YAKUZA (Ryu ga Gotoku), Persona, and Total War and offering these to global markets. We are also taking up the challenge of “Super Games” within five years. Also, given our large pool of IPs that enjoy strong global recognition, we will actively leverage past IPs and further develop them, that is, by means of remasters, remakes, reboots, etc.
Proactive growth investment
(additional investments of up to ¥100.0 billion over five years)
Strategy
1
Strengthen the global branding of existing IPs
Growing mainstay IPs into global brands
 1 Expandingtouchpoints with users
Strengthening global roll-out Multiplatform support Multilingual support
Image of Brand Expansion
2 Prolongingproduct life cycles
Utilizing IP assets Strengthening digital sales Multichannel monetization
3 Strengtheninguser engagement
Community management Strengthening the mix of media
   3y
5years
Strategy 2 Create “Super Games”
Create titles that scale globally
Meanwhile, in Japan, we will cultivate the F2P games (smartphone games) in domestic market and amusement machines into businesses that can secure stable earnings. We will select titles that have done well domestically and use these to target overseas markets as well.
 Growth potential High (global) Strengthen the global branding of existing IPs
Strategy 2 FY2022/3
Create“SuperGames”
5yearsCoreStrategies
 Core Strategies
   06
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 07
Strategy 1
Establish hefty IPs recognized as global brands
Taking on the challenge of creating major global titles
Growth potential Low (Japan)
Target lifetime sales of ¥100.0 billion
ears
Core Strategies
FY2023/3
FY2024/3
FY2025/3
FY2026/3
Creating “Super Games”
IP utilization
Strategy 2 Create “Super Games”
 ears
Core Strategies
      Expand the library of past IPs
Utilize past IPs
  Support subscription-based sales
 Profitability
High
(existing)
Profitability
Low
(new)
Developing new first person shooter game title at Europe-based studios Utilizing IP assets
Creating titles with a view to three to five years down the road
Global
  Optimize business scale and focus on profitability
Amusement machines
   F2P games (smartphone games for Japan)
    Online
Translation into other media
Earnings

New Medium-Term Plan (From FY2022/3 to FY2024/3)
 Goals and Strategies for the Pachislot and
Pachinko Machines Business
In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, our aim is to build a stable earnings structure, becoming number one in total utilization of pachislot and pachinko machines by the fiscal year ending March 2024.
Although the pachislot and pachinko machine market as a whole is facing a shrinking number of pachinko halls, the overall number of installed machines has remained at a certain level owing to growth in the number of large halls. We believe there is ample room to ensure profits in this business by increasing machine turnover rates. We will heighten our focus on gaining market share, aiming to become the market leader in terms of sales and utilization as well as installation.
We will also focus both on boosting development efficiency and on achieving greater business efficiency through cost improvements to build a stable earnings structure.
Improving Business Efficiency
To achieve greater efficiency in development, we will work to incorpo- rate common visual images and other production elements for both pachislot and pachinko machines. We will also develop derivative titles, such as spec changes. Apart from further standardizing compo- nents, we will continue to pursue cost improvements, such as holding
down excess inventory by optimizing first-lot production. We will step up digital transformation initiatives, focusing on expanding online sales support launched for pachislot machines to pachinko machines as well.
 1
2
3
Boost development efficiency
Use common visual images for pachislot and pachinko machines Rationalize visual production Expand derivative titles, such as spec changes
Cost improvements
Promote introduction of standardized components between pachislot and pachinko machines
Hold down excess inventory by optimizing first-lot production (medium to long-term target: zero excess inventory)
Promote online commerce
Expand online sales support to pachinko machines
   Long-Term Goals
No. 1 in sales and utilization share
Build a stable earnings structure
 FY2024/3
No. 1 in total utilization of pachislot and pachinko machines
Maintain stable earnings
 Create hits Improve business efficiency
 Create Hits
We will revise the product lineup, which in recent years was weighted toward new IPs, and create machines from a thoroughly user-centric perspective. We will organize the lineup around series machines that offer greater hit potential. We will also actively explore reviving past hits while being highly selective about new IPs. Furthermore, we will
enhance media functions to reach out to users with various announcements. We will also take advantage of the relaxing of industry self-regulation banning TV advertising, carrying out a wide range of marketing including TV ads and digital media.
Goals and Strategies for the Resort Business
Due to the decision by the city of Yokohama to call off the process for selecting business operators for its planned integrated resort (IR) project, the Group has been compelled to reconsider its domestic IR strategy, but will continue to identify opportunities for entry into this business. In other operations, both PARADISE CITY and Phoenix Seagaia Resort expect recovery in demand going forward and will work to steadily secure earnings.
Long-Term Goals
Process Leading up to IR Launch
 1
2 3
Revising the product lineup
Optimizing the product lineup (centered on series machines) Rigorous screening and selection of new IPs Revivals of past IPs
Increasing hit potential
Creating machines from a user-centric perspective Deeper user analysis by attribute
Enhancing media functions
Expanding communication with users through digital media
    STEP 1 RFPs
(public solicitation /selection) (regional government)
STEP 2 Designation of IR region
(Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism)
STEP 3 Acquisition of gaming license
(Casino Regulatory Commission)
Aim for participation in IR
 Achieve highly transparent and sustainable IR
    Opening of IR Facilities
   08
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 09

New Medium-Term Plan (From FY2022/3 to FY2024/3)
  Medium to Long-Term Map
To achieve our vision for the Group in 2030, we are steadily implementing various measures under the slogan of the new medium-term plan: Beyond the Status Quo—Breaking the Current Situation and Becoming a Sustainable Company—.
Realize a sustainable society and increase corporate value
    Entertainment Contents Business
 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
 Resort Business
  Financial strategies for maximizing corporate value  
Efforts to address material issues (materiality) that make up the foundation of sustainability
For more information, see page 20.
For more information, see page 46.
        10
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 11
Environment
Addiction
People
Products and Services
Governance
New Medium-Term Plan
Beyond the Status Quo
—Breaking the Current Situation and Becoming a Sustainable Company—
 From FY2022/3 to FY2024/3
Proactive investment (Consumer area) Strengthening the global branding of existing IPs
Creation of hits × Business efficiency
No. 1 in total utilization of pachislot and pachinko machines Reinforcing the earnings base
Participation in IR, acquisition of license
Creating “Super Games”
      Increase share of utilization
Prepare for opening
Global Leading Contents Provider
No. 1 in sales and utilization share
Building a stable earnings structure
Opening of IR
   From FY2025/3 to FY2030/3
The vision we aim to become in 2030
From FY2022/3 to FY2026/3
       
To Our Stakeholders
  12
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 13
Hajime Satomi
Chairman, Representative Director
The value we bring to society is the creation of experiences that move the heart
The world now stands at a major turning point. The COVID-19 pandemic has had a profound global impact, bringing about significant shifts in people’s values and lifestyles. In this time of uncertainty, companies in every field are struggling to define their future path, wrestling with issues of how they can contribute to society going forward and whether they will be able to provide value.
In the midst of these circumstances, our Group pressed forward with structural reforms. While perfor- mance in the Entertainment Contents Business grew on the back of stay-at-home demand, the brick-and- mortar Pachislot and Pachinko Machines and Resort businesses faced serious adversities. Given this business environment and carefully considering the direction the Group ought to take in a post-pandemic context, we felt compelled to make several very painful decisions. We withdrew from the amusement facili- ties operation business, which could be considered the business in which we first started out. We also called for numerous volunteers for early retirement, including employees who have supported the Group since its inception.
Even in this unprecedented situation, though, I was struck by the fact that, no matter how turbulent society becomes or how much the environment changes, basic human nature will never change—people will always long for experiences that move the heart. People continue to turn to entertainment seeking such experiences. In fact, I don't think there has ever been a year when people felt, as strongly as they did this past year, how wonderful everyday life that has entertainment is. We have the power to create such experi- ences. And I am convinced that extending that power throughout the world is the true value our Group brings to society. The situation remains uncertain, but keeping this conviction in mind, our Group will con- tinue to create experiences that move the heart through entertainment.
Passing on Leadership to a New Generation
Since the founding of Sammy Industry, the predecessor of Sammy Corporation, and following the birth of SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS in 2004, I continued to stand at the forefront of Group leadership. In April 2021, however, I passed on the CEO baton to my son, Haruki Satomi, while I remain in the position of Chairman and Representative Director. As CEO, he will now play the central role in steering the management of the Group. Of course, as Chairman, I will also draw on my personal connections and experiences to support the new CEO to the best of my abilities.
The entertainment market we are facing is marked by fast-changing trends. Technology is moving ahead by leaps and bounds. Content that no one has ever experienced before is being generated every day. That's why it is vital to have managers with youthful sensibility who can stay abreast of such trends, and also why I have high expectations for the new CEO, who is still in his forties. Aside from his youth, one of Haruki’s greatest assets is his ability to grasp the big picture. Taking the broad view of movements in the world engenders the ability to stay a step ahead of the times, which is crucial for someone in management. From a young age, I always stayed a step ahead of the times, too, which enabled me to grow the company. Going forward, I expect Haruki to place even greater weight on engagement with customers, employees, and other stakeholders as he matures into a CEO who earns the trust of all those around him.
Continuing to Take On Challenges to Achieve Dramatic Growth
The evolution of digital technology in recent years has been monumental, and is bound to accelerate even further. No one knows exactly what the technological landscape will look like 10 or 20 years down the road. But I have no doubt that entertainment will not simply be confined to the digital realm. There will con- tinue to be entertainment in physical spaces. The integrated resort (IR) business in Japan, a business in which our Group continues to pursue opportunities, is truly a form of entertainment where people interact directly, generating excitement. Decisions about the direction of this business still lie ahead, but I believe an integrated resort will be a venue that brings delight to many visitors from around the world.
COVID-19 brought about major changes in the Group. My sense, though, is that this is a runup to a great leap forward for us. Our structural reforms have further bolstered the organization, and we have formulated a long-term vision for the Group in addition to a new medium-term plan. The only thing that remains is for all of our employees to continue to be bold in their pursuit of new challenges. We would like our stakeholders to keep having high expectations for the SEGA SAMMY Group, and ask for their even greater support and cooperation.

A Message from the CEO
      Haruki Satomi
President and Group CEO, Representative Director
We will continue to be a company that can create experiences that move the heart
FY2021/3 Results
Net sales
Down 24.2% year on year
¥ 277.7 billion
Operating income
Down 76.4% year on year
¥ 6.5 billion
Ordinary income
Down 93.3% year on year
¥ 1.7 billion
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Down 91.2% year on year
¥ 1.2 billion
P/L impact in FY2021/3
–19.1 billion (extraordinary losses) –0.5 billion (extraordinary losses) –3.2 billion (extraordinary losses)
–9.2 billion (extraordinary losses)
+11.2 billion (extraordinary income) +15.2 billion (extraordinary income)
8.8
P/L improvement in FY2022/3
Fortunately, the pandemic did not put that level of downward pressure on business performance. In fact, the Consumer area saw a significant upturn in earnings, driven largely by stay-at- home demand. Because the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines and Resort businesses involve physical contact, these sectors faltered. Nevertheless, we were able to stay in the black for the fiscal year ended March 2021, with net sales of ¥277.7 billion, operating income of ¥6.5 billion, ordinary income of ¥1.7 billion, and profit attributable to owners of parent of ¥1.2 billion.
To better position the Group to achieve sustainable growth going forward, during the previous fiscal year we moved ahead with reforms to the business portfolio as well as structural reforms to secure the funds needed for growth.
We have long recognized low profitability in the amusement facility operation business and market contraction in the pachis-
lot and pachinko machines sector as issues for the Group. We have sought to improve business efficiency and asset efficiency to resolve these issues, but the onset of an unprecedented crisis like this pandemic prompted us to take even more drastic reform measures with a sense of urgency.
Some reforms, such as calling for voluntary early retirement, were painful. But we are confident that this will allow us to trans- form into a sturdier corporate structure than ever before. I believe we have a duty to build the kind of corporate entity that makes those who agreed to take early retirement proud of having been a part of the SEGA SAMMY Group. Going forward, based on a more solid foundation, we will further boost employee motivation and steadily implement the new medium-term plan to achieve substantial future growth, and make our vision a reality.
Impact of Implementation of “Structural Reform”
 1. Review of Business Structure
 2. Reduction of Fixed Expenses
 3. Review of B/S
   Structural reform expenses in Amusement Center Operations area Closure of Orbi Yokohama
Structural reform expenses in Amusement Machine Sales area
Call for voluntary retirement, etc.
Gain on sales of investment securities (Sales of shares of Sanrio, etc.) Gain on sales of non-business real estate (Sales of real estate in Osaka)
¥ ¥ ¥
¥
¥ ¥
   The SEGA SAMMY Group has declared its mission to be
Constantly Creating, Forever Captivating —Making Life More Colorful—. This mission has grown even more important amid the rampant, ongoing spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. It was this common mission which enabled our Group, even in the midst of the pandemic, to avoid any missteps.
The declaration of a state of emergency in Japan in the spring of 2020 caused me to reflect on the purpose and mean- ing of the Group’s existence. At the end of the day, entertainment is essentially a peacetime industry, which is generally not enjoyed unless society is at peace. Initially, there was a public outcry against pachinko halls in Japan, with some voices even questioning the significance of entertainment and wondering whether it might be a “non-essential, non-urgent” business. Nevertheless, for their own mental well-being, some customers
continued to visit pachinko halls and spend their leisure time in that way. Of course, it is possible for human beings to live without entertainment. But can life without entertainment truly be con- sidered fulfilling? After their needs for food, clothing, shelter, security and safety are met, people still long for happiness, excitement, and relaxation. Our greatest value lies in having the management resources to provide these things at a high level. I am more convinced than ever that our raison d’être is without question to continue to be a company that can create experi- ences that move the heart.
In terms of management, we anticipated the impact of the pandemic on the Group at every turn, and took swift action in response. At the time of the state of emergency in spring 2020, we assumed the worst-case scenario—that, if the situation dragged on, our net assets might be reduced by as much as half.
P/L improvement in FY2022/3 associated with “Structural Reform”
(Billions of yen)
3.9
5.9
Reduction of labor expenses
1.2
Reduction from optimization, etc.,
in Amusement Machine Sales area
–2.2
Normalization of labor expenses (Employee bonuses, officer compensation, etc.)
             14
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 15
Structural reform in Amusement Center Operations area, etc.
Increase
Improved amount in P/L associated with structural reform
Decrease
Total
Impact from reduction of fixed expenses associated with structural reform
Normalization of labor expenses
P/L improvement

Appointed as the New CEO
I was appointed President and Group CEO on April 1, 2021. As new CEO, in May I announced our new medium-term plan, which carries the slogan Beyond the Status Quo—Breaking the Current Situation and Becoming a Sustainable Company—. The thinking behind Beyond the Status Quo is that sales of the SEGA SAMMY Group fell to ¥277.7 billion in the fiscal year ended March 2021—half the peak level at the 2004 management integration of SEGA and Sammy. I see my management respon- sibility as CEO is to overcome this situation. That means achieving net sales of ¥400.0 billion in the medium term and more than ¥500.0 billion in the long term, while pursuing management with a focus on capital efficiency and maximizing Group value.
New Medium-Term Plan
As I mentioned earlier, the slogan of the new medium-term plan is Beyond the Status Quo—Breaking the Current Situation and Becoming a Sustainable Company—. In terms of metrics for the plan, we are targeting ordinary income of ¥45.0 billion and ROE of over 10% for the fiscal year ending March 2024. I have strong feelings about “break the current situation” that is included in the slogan. Until now, we had to be mindful of the investment capa- bility required to move ahead with the integrated resort (IR) business in Japan, which meant that we needed to enhance equity capital. This was one factor behind our declining capital efficiency. Unfortunately, while we will have to keep looking for other opportunities to enter the IR business here, at the same time we will proactively invest in other growth areas. In particular, we plan to make aggressive additional investments in the Con- sumer area, which promises sustainable market growth going
To do this, I will carry on the values and the DNA my father inculcated as the former CEO—expressed in the catchphrases “Creation is Life”×“Always Proactive, Always Pioneering”—while working to reform and evolve our management and businesses to stay abreast of the changing times. The environment in which we operate is marked by the growing speed of change, with new technologies and business models being created daily, and we have to embrace these changes and respond to them flexibly. If we keep resting on the laurels of our past successes, we will be quickly left behind by the competition. So, with a sure sense of the crisis we face, all of our employees will continue to work together as we take on new challenges.
forward. I want to achieve substantial growth over the medium to longer term by combining the boost in financial investment with the intellectual property (IP) assets and development capa- bilities we possess.
On the other hand, it is impossible to achieve sustainable growth simply by pursuing a bigger bottom line. It requires taking a long-term view in management, self-confident of our raison d’être in society and with a clear awareness of the ways we make a positive impact on society as a whole. We will steadily address the material issues we have identified—the environ- ment, addiction, people, products and services, and gover- nance—as we strive to become a sustainable company. As all of our employees come together to make the slogan of the new medium-term plan a reality, this will surely tie in to our mission of “Making Life More Colorful.”
Entertainment Contents Business Strategy
For this business, we set a long-term goal, “to be a global leading contents provider.” With the current favorable market environ- ment, now is the time for us to push forward to be a company that can demonstrate its competitive edge on a global scale by fully capitalizing on our IP assets, development capabilities, and financial strengths.
The most critical issue in the new medium-term plan, which covers the first three years, is to expand the scope of our existing IP development and promote the global branding of our IPs. We will get there in three ways: expanding touch points with users, prolonging product life cycles, and strength- ening user engagement.
With regard to expanding touch points with users, we will further accelerate the global and multiplatform deployment of content. Until now, the Group has tended to roll out an IP on a single platform and in a single region, or to migrate an IP that succeeds in one region to another region or platform. The disad- vantage of this model was that it resulted in poor investment and marketing efficiency. In recent years, digital sales have been expanding in the gaming industry, with distribution methods changing dramatically. Previously, in order to sell products glob- ally it was necessary to have offices and sales staff all over the world. But now we are in an era where digital sales mean that products can be immediately distributed globally. The base of users is also rapidly expanding. In the past, competition in the gaming business mainly centered on developed countries, which had numerous users who could afford costly hardware. Now, with platforms moving into PCs and smartphones, games can be delivered to many people around the world. We will seize oppor- tunities to greatly expand such touch points to generate growth.
In terms of prolonging product life cycles, the mainstream business model until now was to focus for a while on selling a newly released game and then sell its sequel a few years later. Now, however, it is common to keep users playing a single game over a long span by distributing additional content and
Making Existing IPs into Global Brand
frequently updating content. The Group will continue to hone its game development and operation capabilities so that we can create numerous games that continue to attract users for a decade or more.
Finally, in terms of strengthening user engagement, while increasing opportunities for people to come in contact with our content from multiple angles, it is also necessary to grasp the potential needs of users in a timely manner and provide prod- ucts and services that meet these needs. In developing last year’s movie, Sonic the Hedgehog, we received a lot of feedback from Sonic fans all over the world regarding the initial character designs. Based on their opinions, we made improvements and were able to achieve great success. Understanding fan expectations is a key theme for maximizing IP value going forward. If we can gauge fan expectations accurately and provide products and services that far exceed their expectations, the fan base for each IP will further grow, and this in turn will feed into maximum profitability.
The Group will implement these measures over the three years of the new medium-term plan as a run up to creating a “super game”—a major global title. To achieve this, we will con- sider up to ¥100.0 billion in additional investments over the next five years. To invest proactively in growth, we will be looking not only at development resources and the product pipeline but also more broadly, with acquisitions as an option.
The scale of the gaming market has grown significantly over the last few years and is projected to exceed ¥20 trillion by 2023, with the number of gamers—which includes players, online streamers, and viewers—reaching more than 3.0 billion. If we can create experiences that move the heart that win the support of these gamers worldwide, we can expect huge returns. I am confident that by harnessing the IPs, game quality, and strong brand recognition we have built up over the years, we will be possible to bring accomplish this in this promising market.
Goal
Materiality
Beyond the Status Quo
—Breaking the Current Situation and Becoming a Sustainable Company—
        16
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 17
Environment
Addiction
People
Products and Services
Governance
1 Expansionoftouchpoints
2 Prolongingtheproduct life cycle
3 Strengtheningofuser engagement

Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business Strategy
In the fiscal year ended March 2021, the pachislot and pachinko machine industry was hit hard across the board by COVID-19. Pachinko halls were forced to suspend operations and the dead- line for removing previous regulation machines was extended, leading to stagnant sales of new regulation machines for manu- facturers. But the pachislot and pachinko machine market is by no means extinct—many pachinko halls, with the support of loyal users, have opened their doors again after taking rigorous measures to prevent infection. In the long run, because the scope of this business area is limited to Japan, achieving signifi- cant growth in this area may prove difficult. Nonetheless, we continue to position the Pachislot and Pachinko Machine Busi- ness as a key business for the Group, one which can maintain high profitability and a strong competitive edge. Our long-term goals in this business are “to be No. 1 in Sales & Utilization Share” and to “build a stable earnings structure.” By achieving these goals, we will work to further augment cash creation.
Currently, in terms of utilization share, Sammy ranks fourth in pachislot machines, second in pachinko machines, and third overall. Our aim is to be number one in total utilization of pachis- lot and pachinko machines by the third year of the new medi- um-term plan. The fact that the machines are being utilized means that the proper number of machines are reaching the market. It is also proof that we are able to contribute to the man- agement of pachinko halls, which are our business partners, and that we are gaining the support of users. This is the reason we have focused on “utilization share” and positioned this as the key performance indicator for the business. The key to increasing this indicator is creating hit machines. To this end, we thoroughly revised the lineup, building a new lineup centered on proven IP series, striking a balance between improving the probability of success and achieving stable profitability. In addition, we are
Creation of Hits
Improvement of Business Efficiency
actively exploring the revival of past IPs, using them to create machines with the higher level of gameplay allowed by current regulations. To improve our chances of launching hit products, it is essential that we create machines from a thoroughly user-centric perspective, upgrading to machines that satisfy user demands. By blending a user-centric perspective with our core strengths in machine development, we will create ground- breaking machines that are in tune with the times. Furthermore, we will take advantage of the relaxing of industry self-regulation to pursue TV advertising and digital media and other platforms to reach young people directly with the appeal of our machines.
As we move forward with these measures, it is also critical that we enhance business efficiency to secure a stable profit margin. One move we are planning, to boost development effi- ciency, is to gradually phase in common visual images for both pachislot and pachinko machines—at present they use different images of the same IP. We will also focus on standardizing com- ponents, and continue seeking to optimize lots and control excess inventory. We will also expand the online sales support we launched for pachislot machines to pachinko machines as well, taking the lead in the digital transformation of the industry.
We are moving further ahead with the adoption of ZEEG machine cabinets, aiming to fully migrate all pachislot machines to these cabinets by the fiscal year ending March 2024. We continue to reach out to other companies in the industry as well, seeking to get as many manufacturers on board as possible.
In addition to pachislot and pachinko machines, we plan to secure a new earnings base by entering into new fields. Drawing on the expertise in the gaming field we have cultivated over many years, we started up a new business line, called “m,” cen- tered on the poker game Texas hold ’em. We will continue to seek to expand our business domains.
Pursuing Sustainable Management
In 2020, the Group redefined the material issues we need to tackle in order to continuously enhance corporate value.
One of these issues is the environment. Climate change is seen as the risk with the greatest potential impact on the world in the future. As a corporate citizen, the Group is expected to do all we can to address this issue. Until now, we have looked at con- trolling greenhouse gas emissions only within the Group, that is, from a Scope 1 perspective. Now, we are working to expand our focus to Scope 2 and 3 emissions as well. We will work to accu- rately gauge the power used when operating the amusement machines as well as pachislot and pachinko machines we develop, and quickly identify and act to reduce the environmen- tal impact of the Group’s business activities. Regarding other material issues we have identified—addiction, people, products and services, and governance—we are in active discussions with the various business companies in the process of formulat-
ing a concrete action plan and establishing KPIs, so we can make an announcement in the fiscal year ending March 2022. Going forward, I will make sure top management has sufficient time to discuss matters related to ESG and the SDGs. My view is that it is appropriate to separate management supervision and execution, leaving business decisions to the business companies while the Board of Directors meeting deliberates on matters related to long-term topics affecting our business environment. This approach is leading to the sophisticated corporate governance needed to support the Group. As of June 2021, our Board had a 50-50 ratio of internal and external directors, three of whom were female directors. The addition of diverse skills and knowledge of people from outside the Group better empowers us to consider from multiple angles the kind of organization the Group should aim to be in the midst of major changes in the world.
In Conclusion
In the fiscal year ended March 2021, we pressed forward with structural reforms in the midst of massive, unforeseen changes in the environment. Our biggest achievement was to become a stronger organization through these reforms. Going forward, our sustained growth will depend on further shoring up the strength of the organization. The key to achieving this will be fostering an environment in which diverse human resources can harness their unique abilities and carry out innovative action. We also recognize that strengthening international human resources is a critical issue as we aim for substantial growth overseas. We will develop systems and cultivate an attractive corporate culture that allows people with the ability to create a range of value, regardless of nationality, race, or gender, to come together and each take an active role. Our long-term goal is to foster a work- place atmosphere where diverse human resources can work as a matter of course.
In addition, we revised the personnel evaluation system, adopt- ing a structure where promotions and compensation are decided on the basis of ability and performance rather than seniority.
Going forward, together with a team of people with diverse abilities and together with our stakeholders, the SEGA SAMMY Group will work to build even greater corporate value. I would like to ask for your continued support as we do so.
     18
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 19
1 Reviewofproductlineup
2 Increasetheprofitability ofahit
3 Strengtheningmedia functions
   1 Improvementof development efficiency
2 Costreduction
3 Promotionof e-commerce

A Message from the CFO
     20
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 21
Koichi Fukazawa
Senior Executive Vice President and Group CFO, Director of the Board
Targeting the further growth of the Group through an optimal capital structure and proactive investment
Expansion of TSR
Expansion of equity spread
ROE: Over 10%
Shareholder return
Total return ratio: 50% or more
Implementation of Structural Reforms
As we started out the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, my biggest challenge as CFO was to secure business funds in the midst of the pandemic, with no way of making profit forecasts or predicting what lay ahead. We completed a series of financing arrangements, including expanding our commitment lines, and, while ensuring our immediate financial safety, pressed forward with full-fledged structural reforms to adapt to changes in the environment.
In the amusement facilities operation business, we had already been aware of a number of issues from the standpoint of returns on investment, and made the decision to divest this busi- ness to signal a clear shift of resources to the Consumer area, which is a growth field. We also took steps to streamline fixed
Conceptual Diagram
Reduce retaining surplus capital
Surplus capital Working capital
costs, mainly by calling for volunteers for early retirement, and to dispose of non-business assets. In particular, headcount in the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, which the market is shrinking was excessive compared to our competitors. These were difficult management decisions—as this business has long been a pillar of the Group—but our measures have created a framework that will allow us to weather the current harsh envi- ronment.
COVID-19 had an enormous impact on the Group, but seiz- ing upon this crisis as an opportunity, we were able to swiftly resolve outstanding management issues and lay the ground- work for the next stage of business growth.
Billions of yen
Cash and deposit 154.9
84.9 70.0
188.2
Surplus capital Working capital
Interest-bearing 52.0 debt
Overall B/S growth associated with business growth
Interest-bearing debt
Shareholders’ equity
Utilization of interest-bearing debt
Proactive shareholder returns considering the balance between investment in growth
A Management Focus on Capital Efficiency
In tandem with structural reforms on the business side, we decided to fully implement a management framework that focuses on capital efficiency. Guided by the new medium-term plan, the measures we have put in place, including a review of the business portfolio, can be said to represent a dramatic transfor- mation of the management framework across the Group.
A key financial strategy going forward will be to optimize cap- ital cost, which is one of the three components of ROE. In other words, we will lower the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) through an optimal capital structure. In the past, our view was that the Group’s business performance was subject to greater fluctuations than in other industries, and so we followed a financial strategy of setting aside a generous risk buffer. However, excessive cash accumulation has been a hindrance to raising
Shift to the management focusing on capital efficiency
capital efficiency and has also put downward pressure on stock prices. In the new medium-term plan, drafted after the structural reforms undertaken in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, we set out a clear future direction for the Group and carried out a detailed analysis of risk and the capital structure. In procure- ment, we intend to raise the debt-to-equity ratio by between 0.5 to 0.6 times, on the condition that we maintain an appropriate cash position and rating level. At one point this ratio dropped to about 0.2 times, at the end of March 2021. By making use of interest-bearing debt more aggressively than in the past, we will firmly invest in the businesses planned in the new medium-term plan, while maximizing corporate value under optimal WACC.
Investment focus on Consumer business
Ordinary Income: Over ¥50.0 billion
Growth of profit
 Improvement of ROE and reduction of capital cost by utilizing interest-bearing debt
Improvement of asset efficiency
ROIC management
Management of business portfolio
Improvement of per business company ROIC
Optimization of capital cost
D/E ratio: around 0.5~0.6
(Net D/E ratio: around 0.2~0.3)
Reducing of WACC through optimal capital structure
Active use of debt according to the risk Reduction of long-term risk through enhancement of ESG
 Non-controlling interest 0.4
290.7
FY2021/3
Shareholders’ equity
  Invested capital
* Invested capital = Total assets excluding cash and deposit –liabilities excluding interest-bearing debt * Shareholders’ equity includes accumulated other comprehensive income
Invested capital
New “Medium-Term Plan”
Maximization of the Corporate Value

With regard to fundraising, as of the end of March 2021 the combined total of our commitment lines and the unused portion of overdraft lines was ¥213.0 billion. Depending on market inter- est rates, however, we will also consider issuing corporate bonds and other financing measures.
As we deliberated on the optimal capital structure for the Group, we also decided on a clear policy for shareholder returns. Up till now, we maintained steady annual dividends at ¥40. While being conscious of keeping this as the lower limit, we set targets of a dividend on equity ratio (DOE) of 3% or more and a total return ratio of 50% or more. In this way, we clarified our policy of linking returns with profits and paying out shareholder returns in line with business growth.
We are also introducing ROIC to all of our business compa- nies as an index to measure business investment efficiency.
Growth Investment Plan
The key objective of the new medium-term plan is to clearly position the Consumer area of the Entertainment Contents Business as a driver of growth for the Group going forward, and to focus investment in that area. Our approach to achieve the
The minimum ROIC level for each business is set on the hold- ing company side, based on capital costs. Regarding various measures to raise ROIC, we will work to enhance the ROIC of each business while being in discussions with each business company to confirm progress in achieving the measures and to monitor operational aspects.
These various indicators aren’t simply management targets that ought to be achieved—all of them are organically interre- lated and form the mechanism by which we can ultimately improve ROE.
The medium-term plan’s ROE target of over 10% is the metric we established to achieve an ideal equity spread, using the average WACC for the Group over the past five years as a benchmark.
optimal capital structure I mentioned earlier is premised on this investment strategy. To achieve substantial growth in the Con- sumer area, the medium-term plan projects additional invest- ments of up to ¥100.0 billion over five years.
We expect to book these additional investments in a variety of ways. So, to say that the investments are going toward con- sumer games doesn’t necessarily mean only R&D.
Success in the Consumer area going forward will depend on factors such as building a media platform to enhance user engagement and fostering vibrant user communities. In fact, it will require strategies that broadly incorporate members of communities other than direct game users. Of course, the amount we invest is less important than the content of our investments, but these kinds of marketing-related investments are also on our radar.
The Group boasts numerous intellectual properties (IPs) capable of growing into global brands through proactive invest-
ment. Increasing the value of each IP will enable us to maximize business profits and ensure more stable profits.
Meanwhile, the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business is in a very unique position. The structural reforms we undertook yielded an optimal management scale and put in place a frame- work that will enable more stable bottom-line contributions than before. We aim to boost our share in the shrinking market by building on our competitive strengths, paying particular attention to ways of eliciting greater support from pachinko halls and users. If we sustain investment on an appropriate scale, I believe this business will continue to generate stable profits, securing annual ordinary income of between ¥10.0 and ¥15.0 billion.
Concept of Investment in Growth and Shareholder Return (FY2022/3-FY2026/3)
The environment in which the Group operates is undergoing rapid changes. We have to seriously address ESG and other sustainability issues, recognizing that these are at the very heart of corporate management. We are also taking proactive mea- sures to address issues that are sure to have an enormous impact on the Group’s businesses, in terms of shifts in consumer tastes and values, such as environmental issues that have recently become the subject of intense concern, as well as addiction issues that are closely related to the Group’s business.
In particular, even though the transition to carbon neutrality could potentially have a major long-term financial impact, we believe that efforts at present are still inadequate. As we work to implement TCFD-based financial disclosure, we are in the pro-
cess of formulating environmental targets for Scope 1 to Scope 3 CO2 emissions.
We also face a pressing need to promote the diversity of human resources. The Group emphasizes diversity of thinking as well as of race, gender, sexuality, and in other areas. I think the strongest organizations are those where employees with a variety of values can arrive at the best possible solutions by freely engaging in discussions on topics that do not offer a single, clear-cut answer.
We are currently exploring specific actions to deal with the above material issues, taking into account perspectives from outside the Group as well. We plan to announce more about these actions in 2022.
D/E ratio: 0.5-0.6 times in 5 years later
(or Net D/E ratio: 0.2-0.3 times)
Surplus capital
End of FY2021/3
[Procurement]
Fundraising through interest-bearing debt
Operating C/F
[Allocation]
Investment in growth
Consumer Area
IR business Investment in growth of existing business
New business
Policies on Shareholder Return
Introduce the following return policies being conscious of past dividend amount results
Total return ratio = 50% or more Dividend Policy = DOE 3% or more
Regarding share buybacks, make flexible decision taking business performance trends and stock market trends into account
Pursuing a Growth Strategy and Realizing an Optimal Capital Structure
Reducing Long-Term Risks and Building Corporate Value through Stronger ESG Management
  Shareholder returns
Stable increase in dividends
(Details at right)
 Working capital level 5 years later
 22
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 23
Current level of working capital
5-year cumulative total
Allocation image for the next 5 years
Due to the decision by the city of Yokohama to call off the pro- cess for selecting business operators for its planned IR project, the Group has been compelled to reconsider its IR business strategy. However, going through the request for proposal (RFP) process in Yokohama gave us great confidence that our Group undoubtedly has one of the top IR teams in Japan. So, we will continue to identify opportunities for entry into the IR business, while also reconsidering our current investment strategies, including resource allocation.
Investors often ask me what the Group will do with surplus capital that can’t be used for investment. I believe my duty as CFO is, in line with the corporate strategy, to proactively invest in business growth, boost capital efficiency by achieving an opti- mal capital structure, and expand the equity spread. I will con- tinue striving to earn the trust of shareholders and investors regarding the future of the Group through ongoing dialogue while making full disclosure of our processes in carrying out financial strategy.

Financial Performance
 Net Sales*1
The COVID-19 pandemic impacted the Group’s businesses in different ways, leading to a clear divergence in sales performance.
The Consumer area reported a steep rise in sales, but consolidated net sales declined 24.2% year on year to ¥277.7 billion.
¥277.7 billion
366.5
277.7
¥6.5 billion / 2.3%
Operating Income (Loss) by Segment*3
 Billions of yen
Changes to segments in 2015
FY2012/3–FY2015/3 Segments
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business Consumer Games Business
Amusement Machine Sales Business Amusement Center Operations
Other Corporate and eliminations
  Billions of yen
395.5
0.2 0.3 7.4
FY2015/3–FY2021/3 Segments
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business Entertainment Contents Business
Resort Business
Adjustment*3
      321.4
323.6
331.6
378.0
366.8 347.9
366.9
              ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
(FY)
 Operating Income / Operating Income Margin
Operating income fell 76.4% year on year to ¥6.5 billion. Billions of yen / %
–2.3 –1.8 –2.2 –2.5
–6.0 –5.7 –5.7 –6.5
–2.4 –3.6
–7.8 –10.6 –8.5
71.0
–15.1 –5.4
1.1 1.9
23.5
–0.7 –0.4 –6.3
0 2.0
45.2
–1.2 –1.2 –6.4
4.0
25.7
–2.5
–0.9 –2.0 –6.5
11.1
14.8
11.9
16.5
23.2 27.9
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
0
25.7 20.9 26.3
4.2
9.8 13.4
–4.1 –6.7
 14.7
58.3
5.9
10.2
Operating income
7.5 27.6
Operating income margin
2.3 6.5
  38.5 19.0
4.7 5.1 17.4 17.6
29.5 5.5 17.7
3.9 13.0
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Amusement Center Operations (area)
Amusement Machine Sales Business (area)
  ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
 Ordinary Income / Profit (Loss) Attributable to Owners of Parent*2
Structural reforms resulted in the booking of substantial extraordinary income and losses. Profit attributable to owners of parent declined 91.2% year on year to ¥1.2 billion.
¥1.7 billion / ¥1.2 billion
33.5
14.8 16.5
4.9 2.6
0.7
*3 As of the FY2015/3 change in segments, elimination of inter-segment transactions and general corporate expenses that are not allocated to the reporting segment are included in the adjustment to segment income (loss).
8.0
Operating Income Margin by Segment
%
(FY)
24.9
Consumer Games Business
Entertainment Contents Business
 Billions of yen
58.1
21.8 20.9
Please refer to page 15 for more details about structural reforms.
Ordinary income
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
21.4
13.3
6.7
4.5
   33.4
30.7
28.5 27.6
25.2
40.5
17.2
3.6
16.9
0.0
14.9
2.2
17.8
5.4
11.3 7.1
12.8
 16.8
16.4
14.5 8.9 7.4
13.7
5.3
2.6
1.7 1.2
 –11.3
2.1 0.1
  24
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 25
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
*1 As the recognition of net sales was changed (1) from a net basis to a gross basis and (2) from a shipment basis to a delivery basis in FY2016/3, figures for FY2015/3 reflect these changes retrospectively.
*2 The Company has adopted the “Revised Accounting Standard for Business Combinations” (Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) Statement No. 21, issued on September 13, 2013) and has presented
“net income (loss)” as “profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent” from FY2016/3.
(FY)
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
(FY)
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
(FY)
 
ROE / ROA*4
ROE decreased 4.2 points from the previous fiscal year to 0.4%. ROA decreased by 2.7 points to 0.3%.
*4 ROA = Profit attributable to owners of parent ÷ Total assets
0.4% / 0.3%
Capital Expenditures / Depreciation and Amortization*5
Capital expenditures decreased 36.4% year on year to ¥14.5 billion. Depreciation and amortization decreased 18.2% to ¥12.1 billion.
¥14.5 billion / ¥12.1 billion
%
ROE
0.4 0.3
ROA
Billions of yen
36.1
Capital expenditures
34.4
22.8
14.5
Depreciation and amortization
14.8 14.5 12.1
                   26
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 27
Billions of yen
38.0
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Free cash flow
Billions of yen / %
13.5
53.3
R&D expenses and content production expenses
19.2 20.1 62.0 66.6
R&D expenses to net sales ratio
20.9 22.3 76.5
61.9
86.54
11.0
7.7
6.3
4.4
38.1
9.3 5.7
9.2 5.2
32.8
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
40
40
22.90 40
40
38.04 40
40
40
30
—
11.24
5.42
117.40
55.3 299.9
58.63
(FY)
(FY)
28.7
28.0
16.6
27.0
 Cash Flows
R&D Expenses and Content Production Expenses *5/ R&D Expenses to Net Sales Ratio
R&D expenses and content production expenses declined 19.1% year on year to ¥61.9 billion.
¥61.9 billion / 22.3%
1.8 1.0
2.9 1.8
0.9
0.6
Cash flow used in operating activities in FY2021/3 was ¥6.3 billion, compared with cash provided of ¥38.5 billion in the previous fiscal year. Cash flow provided by investing activities was ¥30.4 billion, compared with cash used of ¥15.4 billion in the previous fiscal year.
4.6 3.0
16.1
18.1
16.1
17.6
16.3
16.2
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
*5 The aggregate calculation method has changed as of FY2014/3. Consequently, R&D expenses and content production expenses include amortization cost of digital game titles. Until FY2013/3, depreciation and amortization included amortization cost of digital game titles.
24.1
(FY)
            –20.9 –59.0
–0.7 –37.7
–18.3 –35.2
–7.2
18.6
16.9
6.0 14.8 –22.1
59.2
24.9 6.3
26.4 –20.4
23.0
30.424.0 –6.3
14.1 45.2
75.2
59.1
–4.7
18.4 67.6
18.3 67.1
  Net Income per Share / Cash Dividends per Share
¥5.42 / ¥30
Total Net Assets / Equity Ratio
–38.5
36.6 37.0
54.3
38.5 –15.4
15.7
16.7 58.0
Net income per share (diluted) decreased by ¥53.21 from the previous fiscal year to ¥5.42. The Company paid an annual dividend of ¥30 yen per share.
Yen
Total net assets declined ¥5.6 billion from the end of previous fiscal year to ¥291.2 billion. The equity ratio was rose 4.8 points to 69.0%.
¥291.2 billion / 69.0%
136.85
40 40
125.39
59.7 320.0
63.2 60.0 348.2 322.4
59.0 311.4
65.0 310.4
65.1 64.2
69.0 291.2
Net income per share (diluted)
Cash dividends per share
Billions of yen / %
58.9 296.3
Total net assets
Equity ratio
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
305.3
296.8
(FY)
                 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
(FY)
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21
(FY)

  Special Feature
  Scale of Game Content Market
Trillions of yen
¥24 Trillion 2
Barriers between devices and regions disappear, points of contact with
users increase
Advances in digital transformation are helping barriers in the games market to come down with increasing speed, both between devices and between regions. An environment is taking shape in which a range of game content can be released quickly in every direction, including Play- Station, Switch, Xbox, PCs, and other platforms, as well as emerging cloud-based platforms.
The Group is working to build a multilayered profit model as well, ranging from conventional one-off package sales to free-to-play (F2P), subscription-based, and season pass models. We aim to raise profit levels by continuing to deliver services in ways that are best suited to the market context.
An ecosystem of 3.0 billion users
It is estimated that the number of users who play games on a regular basis currently stands at around 3.0 billion. The world’s largest tech firms are investing heavily in the gaming field, in both cloud-based gaming and subscription models as well as existing gaming areas. Hurdles to game access will eventually fall, as an environment takes shape in which anyone in the world can enjoy services at low cost without the need for a costly device. One result has been the emergence of “hobby gamers*,” a layer of users who habitually enjoy games at intervals during their daily lives using smartphones or PCs, rather than playing for long periods of time using costly dedicated game consoles connected to televi- sions. The number of such users is growing every year. The pandemic has also greatly accelerated digital transformation on a global level. Such major changes in the environment are helping to drive a significant increase in the game-playing population.
The way people interact with games is also becoming far more diverse than in the past. Game players are naturally at the center of the ecosystem. The broader ecosystem is also expanding, though, as games draw together many people on a global scale, to encompass not only game players but also, for example, streamers who broadcast their games and their viewers. These factors are also expected to fuel growth in the game population going forward.
Games Grow into Global Industry with 3.0 Billion Users
Full-fledged entry of players with deep pockets (Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, etc.)
Growth of cloud-based gaming and subscription models
Lower hurdles to game access
Emergence of hobby gamers*
More Diverse Interactions with Games, Expanding Ecosystem
  Communicators
   ©SEGA
Growth Strategies for the Consumer Area
Market Environment
Ongoing growth in the game content market on a global level
The global market for game content has continued to expand steadily, supported in part by stay-at-home demand during the COVID-19 pan- demic. This has been particularly notable in the Asian region, which includes numerous emerging economies. The market there was ¥3 trillion in 2015, but more than doubled in five years to reach ¥7 trillion in 2020. The global market on the whole continues to grow into a massive indus- try, projected to exceed ¥24 trillion in 2024.
Licensors
Viewers
Professional players
Players
Promoters
Streamers
Creators (user-generated content)
Advertisers
        * A term coined by SEGA SAMMY, indicating the layer of users who habitually enjoy games at intervals during their daily lives using smartphones or PCs.
         28
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 29
’15
’16
’17 ’18 ’19 ’20
’21 ’22
’23
’24
(CY)
2 5 5 233
PlayStation®
3
1
22222222
N. America
Europe Other
4556
Nintendo SwitchTM
Japan Asia
Source: SEGA SAMMY estimates based on data from Newzoo Global Games Market Data (June 2021) (US$1=¥110)
222 244
4
6
9
3
Barriers between devices and regions disappear, points of contact with users increase
 1143 133 55
WeGame Apple Arcade Oculus
Steam®
Epic Games Store
Xbox
Netflix StadiaTM Amazon Luna
¥10 Trillion
3 7788
1
12 44
(Forecast) (Forecast)
(Forecast)
(Forecast)
Changes in the monetize model
One-off sales + downloadable content F2P Subscription-based Season passes

 Strategies for the Consumer Area
Mainstay IPs drive medium-term growth in the Consumer area
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, net sales, operating income, and the operating income margin in the Consumer area all increased sig- nificantly, owing in part to stay-at-home demand amid the pandemic. Titles positioned as SEGA’s mainstay IPs made particularly strong contri- butions to performance: Sonic, Persona, YAKUZA (Ryu ga Gotoku), PHANTASY STAR, and Total War together accounted for about 40% of sales. These mainstay IPs also enjoy robust repeat demand, and are continuing to generate profits for many years.
Consumer Area Performance
135.7 23%
31.4
’21
Reinforcing a powerful studio network extending across the globe
The development studio network SEGA has built up is among the largest of any Japanese game company. Starting with the acquisition of a studio in the U.K. in 2005, we have steadily expanded the scale of the network and attracted talented personnel. The key IPs of each studio have enjoyed success in various regions and are currently playing a pivotal role in our worldwide expansion. To further strengthen the studio network on a global scale, we will continue to explore acquisitions of studios that show potential, both in Japan and abroad.
Billions of yen
95.5
10% 9.8
95.4
125.5
12% 14.7
’20
Q1: CanyougiveussomespecificsabouthowSEGAplanstogrowexistingmainstayIPsasglobal brands over the medium term?
         ’18
Net sales
7%
6.3
’19
(FY)
Last year, SEGA ranked No. 1 among global game publishers on the review site Metacritic. To be recognized as a global brand first and foremost means providing high-quality products and services. At the same time, in the expanding global games market, leading publishers with deep pockets, mainly in Europe and North America, are trying to capture users by pouring mas- sive investments into developing and launching AAA titles. To hold our own in this highly competitive environment and to get users to choose SEGA titles, I believe it is critical to manage the portfolio so that we can strategically focus our resources. We merged two companies last year, one focused on the Consumer
area and the other on the amusement machines area, giving SEGA a new framework. Our main objective was to make it easier to reallocate resources in a more agile and more optimal manner by consolidating development resources, better posi- tioning SEGA to compete in global markets.
Within this overarching framework, we are working to imple- ment the following specific measures over the medium term. Our three measures are expanding touch points with users, prolonging product life cycles, and strengthening user engage- ment. I’d like to elaborate using concrete examples.
Operating income
Operating income margin
 Grow mainstay IPs as global brands
Pursuing quality and focusing investments
1 Expandingtouchpointswithusers 2 Prolongingproductlifecycles 3 Strengtheninguserengagement
Studio Network
Development studio
Location
Developers
Main IPs
FY2022/3 New titles (planned)
2005
U.K.
About 620
2006
U.K.
About 160
2013
Canada
About 270
Age of Empires IV
* Published by Microsoft
2014
Japan
About 180
2016
France
About 110
2019
U.K.
About 30
Regarding expanding touch points with users, one example is Ryu ga Gotoku (YAKUZA in Western countries), a series that has remained popular for more than 15 years. In the past, it has been released on specific platforms and in terms of regions, the Japanese market was the series’ main focus. As the game console market softened in Japan, however, we gradually expanded elsewhere into Asia, Europe, and North America. Since then, as we have pushed forward with multiplatform development, including PCs, which offer a large market in Europe and North America, and have been expanding touch points with users, sales of YAKUZA have increased with each series released. As a result of expansion in the market, about
70% of sales of YAKUZA: LIKE A DRAGON, released in January 2020, are generated overseas. With LOST JUDGMENT, the latest title released in September 2021, we took on the chal- lenges of multiplatform development across nine different lan- guages and simultaneous worldwide release. Sales are off to a good start. The global games market is currently very active, with the emergence of new game consoles and the entry of new platformers. We see these as major opportunities for SEGA, and want to greatly expand touch points with users through a dual strategy of multiplatform development and simultaneous worldwide release.
With regard to prolonging product life cycles, let me use the
                       30
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 31
Proportion of sales from mainstay IPs
About 40%
  Interview with Top Management
Yukio Sugino
President and COO (Representative Director) SEGA CORPORATION

Persona series as an example. In 2020, we launched Persona 4 Golden on Steam, a PC platform. This is a remastered version of a title released for PlayStation Vita in 2012. Sales were much stronger than expected, proving that quality titles from the past can do well in today’s market. SEGA boasts a rich lineup of IPs, cultivated over a long history. Our strategy is to capture addi- tional market opportunities by remastering and remaking these IPs and releasing them at the level of quality demanded in the
Utilization of IP assets
Finally, regarding user engagement, Sonic offers a good illustration. In 2020, the live-action movie Sonic the Hedgehog was a huge worldwide hit, reaching sixth place in global box office revenues for that year. The secret of the movie’s huge success was precisely the strength of the global Sonic fan community. We made the movie’s character designs public as a pre-release promotion. In response, many fans posted harshly critical com- ments about the designs on various social media. We listened carefully to these voices and took the criticism seriously, and made major design changes. The result was a marked improve- ment in fan satisfaction. The fan community became positive influencers for the movie, which spread to the wider public, draw- ing a big response and driving the huge success of the movie.
current market. Moreover, we expect further advances in digital sales to free the environment from physical constraints, enabling the sale of titles with a long tail. Fed by SEGA’s rich lineup of titles, repeat sales are growing and are currently a major pillar of per- formance. Going forward, as the platformer-led subscription service market grows, we can expect to see an environment in which users can, over a longer time span, continue to choose and enjoy SEGA content.
This success dramatically increased exposure for the IP, contributing significantly to game sales and giving great impetus to the whole Sonic franchise. We have already decided to distrib- ute a new animation series through Netflix, and have been approached with numerous other offers for business opportuni- ties. Our approach—taking feedback from fans to heart and reflecting their concerns in development and in actions to grow the IP—these kinds of actions to build fan engagement have become critical.
So, through the efforts I have outlined, we are aiming to grow our existing mainstay IPs as global brands and achieve the growth targets of the current medium-term plan.
enhanced game quality. The outcome of this is clearly evident in the rising Metacritic scores, which in turn is leading to growing sales in overseas markets. These kinds of acquisitions that enhance our functionality will definitely be a major strength in the long run, and we will continue to proactively explore investments from this point of view.
Also, SEGA over many years has brought game develop- ment studios from all over the world into the Group, and main- tains the largest global studio network among Japanese game companies. Strengthening this network will lead to further sub- stantial growth in global performance.
For details on the studio network see page 30.
Q3: WhatdoyouseeasthechallengesforgrowingtheConsumerareagoingforward?
     32
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 33
1 Remaster
Convert past titles to HD animation
Q2: TellusaboutSEGA’slong-termgrowthnarrative.
Over the medium term, growth will largely be driven by globaliza- tion of our existing mainstay IPs. In tandem with that, we will pursue initiatives for long-term growth. As I said earlier, the way people interact with games is becoming more diverse and the ecosystem is growing exponentially. In this context, SEGA wants to go beyond the boundaries of conventional games and take on the challenge of creating super games that excite the gaming community, which is a web of diverse relationships. Keeping our finger firmly on the pulse of gaming trends, which are changing daily, we will anticipate the emerging landscape of the gaming community and move forward with the development of games that strike a chord.
Naturally, we project that the scale of investment in the development of such super games will be sizable. We will need to incorporate new technologies and trends. To this end, we will have to invest from the perspective of developing the pipeline and shoring up our value chains. I think back to when we acquired and consolidated Atlus. This brought us two major benefits. One was the highly appealing, world-class IPs Atlus had developed in the role-playing game genre. The other was the solid localization capabilities of the U.S.-based site. Drawing on these localization capabilities, very Japanese IPs like YAKUZA and HATSUNE MIKU have been translated using expressions that really resonate with local users, which has
2 Remake
Add significant new game features while preserving the gameplay of the original
3 Reboot
Rebuild into new games while preserving the look and feel of the world of the IP
I recognize that SEGA hasn’t done as well as we should have in staying in dialogue with the markets. We have to seriously reflect on the fact that, despite drastic changes in the global markets, such as the way users interact with games and the rise of new platformers, we have tended to stick with our own internal rea- soning and approaches. There is a mounting sense of crisis that if we do not clearly ascertain the direction the market is moving, we will soon get left behind. Changes in the market have also brought us new awareness—such as how highly past titles have been reevaluated amid the wave of stay-at-home demand. As I said before, even though we boasted a lot of amazing IPs that other companies didn’t have, and despite the major opportuni- ties open to us, we weren’t able to fully take advantage of them.
This is exactly what the market, dramatically reshaped by COVID-19, brought back home to us.
I also have the sense that our collaboration with other com- panies has been lacking. Now, in part to better respond to rapid changes in the market, we are increasing opportunities to be in communication with our various business partners. More robust collaboration has enabled us to enhance game quality and gain footholds in the development of new services and games. Of course, collaboration brings challenges. But backed by our strong brand recognition and a rich lineup of IPs, SEGA stands firmly in position of strength. This gives me great confidence going forward that we will be able to hold our own even in com- petition with top global groups.
  Aiming to be a leading company in the global game industry

 Business Overview
 Entertainment Contents
Entertainment Contents Business
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Resort
Resort Business
An IP Portfolio That Is a Well-Spring of Value Creation
The Group boasts multiple, highly competitive IPs. We can achieve stable profitability through these IPs and, by more fully capitalizing on them, we are expanding the IP value across numerous areas.
Examples of acquired IP
Examples of IP developed in-house
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
31 18 — —
— — —
164 — 14
15
—
3
Consumer Games
Amusement Machines
Toys, etc.
    IP title
First appearance year
Multifaceted rollout
Total editions
Cumulative unit sales / downloads
          Approx. 17.7 million (Units and downloads*2)
(Full games and F2P total)
 Shin Megami Tensei
series
1992
—
      Persona
series
1996
—
Approx. 15.0 million (Units and downloads)
        Total War
series
1996
———
More than 37.8 million (Units and downloads)
     Football Manager
series
2004
———
More than 24.0 million (Units and downloads)
         IP title
First appearance year
Multifaceted rollout
Total editions
Cumulative unit sales / downloads
          1991
More than 1.38 billion (Units and downloads*2)
(Full games and F2P total)
 Sonic the Hedgehog
series
          Puyo Puyo
series
1991*1
Approx. 35.0 million (Units and downloads*2/IDs/users)
(Full games and F2P, Amusement Machines-registered IDs total (Total for registrations after IP acquisition))
      Sakura Wars
series
1996
—
     Ryu ga Gotoku
series
2005
—
Approx. 5.7 million (Units and downloads)
(Full games and F2P total)
 Approx. 17.0 million units
(Full games total)
         Virtua Fighter
series
1993
More than 18.0 million (Units and downloads/IDs)
(Full games and F2P total. Total number of IDs in Amusement Machines.)
      ALADDIN
series
1989
—
Approx. 560 thousand units
(pachislot and pachinko machines and amusement machines total)
      Beast King
series
2001
—
Approx. 510 thousand units
(pachislot and pachinko machines and amusement machines total)
      PHANTASY STAR
series
1987
—
Approx. 9.00 million users*3
          CHAIN CHRONICLE
series
2013
——
Approx. 25.0 million (Units and downloads*2)
(Full games and F2P total)
     *1 SEGA CORPORATION acquired the rights in 1998. Figures for cumulative unit sales are the totals for titles that SEGA sold after acquiring the rights.
*2 Including downloads of free-to-play titles *3 Total for domestic and overseas versions of PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2 and PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2 NEW GENESIS
Examples of IP licensed from third parties
    IP title
First appearance year
Multifaceted rollout
Total editions
Cumulative unit sales / downloads
           SEGA feat.
HATSUNE MIKU Project Series
2009
̶
Approx. 11.5 million (Units and downloads*2)
(Full games and F2P total)
      Hokuto No Ken
Series
2002
Approx. 2.99 million units
(pachislot and pachinko machines total)
      SOUTEN-NO-KEN
Series
2009
̶
Approx. 480 thousand units
(pachislot and pachinko machines total)
   34
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 35
PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2 NEW GENESIS
© SEGA / © Crypton Future Media, INC. www.piapro.net
©SEGA
65
35 13

Entertainment Contents
Entertainment Contents Business
In addition to drawing on our abundant IP assets to roll out content globally, the Group will work to expand business value by taking advantage of our broad business portfolio.
External Environment
The global game content market continues to grow against the backdrop of rising download sales and the proliferation of game distribution platforms. Amusement Machine Sales and Amusement Center Operations market have been in a recovery trend due to steady performance of prizes and other factors, but these sectors were subsequently hard hit by the outbreak of COVID-19.
Business Overview
Ensuring steady earnings through expansion across a range of areas
SEGA SAMMY’s Entertainment Contents Business has expanded into various entertainment domains, each of which presents different market growth potential and levels of competition. Leveraging its well-balanced portfolio, the Group is generating stable income without relying excessively on any specific IP, title, or business activity.
Consumer Area
We will expand the scale of profits by digging deeper into key exist- ing IPs and developing them globally.
To capitalize effectively on our abundant IP assets, including dormant titles, we will further develop these IPs by means of remasters, remakes, and reboots, etc., as well as offers them to subscription-based services.
     Game Content Market Size
(Trillions of yen)
   10
’15
24
2 22224
1143446
11335555 12244
233 9 345567788
3
1222222223
Virtua Fighter 5 Ultimate Showdown
©SEGA
Yakuza: Like a Dragon
©SEGA
Amusement Machine Sales Area
By streamlining the product lineup, we will optimize business scale and shift development resources to the Consumer area, a growth area, and aim to improve return on investment by focusing on strong-performing prize categories.
’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
’20 ’21 ’22 ’23
(Forecast) (Forecast) (Forecast)
Number of Amusement Facilities and Amusement Machine Units Installed
’24 (FY) (Forecast)
Japan
Source: SEGA SAMMY estimates based on data from Newzoo Global Games Market Report (June 2021) (US$1=¥110)
Asia N. America Europe Others
Domestic Amusement Machine Sales and Revenues from Amusement Facilities Operations
(Billions of yen)
 403,553 377,825 362,099 354,463 349,835 340,383 342,211
        456.4 175.0
2013
422.2 161.1
2014
433.8 156.9
2015
462.0 485.9 157.4 152.9
2016 2017
520.1 540.8 161.7 164.7
2018 2019
5,439
2014
4,856 4,542
2015 2016
4,381
  Amusement machine sales
Source: Japan Amusement Industry Association
Opportunities
Ongoing growth in the game content market
The market for game content is expanding on the back of growth in Western and Asian markets. In addition, with the advent of various game distri- bution platforms and the increase in
download sales, the potential for further growth is expanding.
Number of amusement facilities
Source: National Police Agency
Revenues from amusement facilities operations
(FY)
2017
4,193 4,022 3,931
2018 2019 2020 (CY) Number of amusement machine units installed
  Anticipated Opportunities and Risks
 Responses
Risks
Rising development costs
Expanding touch points with users
Strengthening global roll-out Multiplatform support Multilingual support
Prolonging product life cycles
Utilizing IP assets Strengthening the digital sales Multichannel monetization
Strengthening user engagement
Community management Strengthening the mix of media
StarHorse4
©SEGA
Animation and Toys Area
 The development costs of game content are on the rise due to the response to the new technologies and the longer development periods required. There is a risk of not being able to realize expected returns on investment.
In the Animation area, in addition to producing animations of our major IPs, such as Detective Conan, Anpanman, and LUPIN THE 3rd, the Group is focusing on the animation licensing and merchandising businesses.
The Toys area is expanding to encompass a broad target audience, including mainstay educational toys, character goods, and products for adults.
Detective Conan the Movie The Scarlet Bullet
©2020 GOSHO AOYAMA/DETECTIVE CONAN COMMITTEE All Rights Reserved.
 36 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 37

Achievements in FY2021/3 Consumer Area
Entertainment Contents Business Performance
 New full game* titles were released, including Western versions of Persona 5 Strikers and
YAKUZA: LIKE A DRAGON, as well as Football Manager 2021. Coupled with brisk sales of
repeat titles, this resulted in a total of 41,770 thousand units sold (compared with 28,570
thousand units sold year on year). Newly released F2P* titles, including Re:ZERO –Starting
Life in Another World– Lost in Memories and HATSUNE MIKU: COLORFUL STAGE!, also
performed well alongside existing titles. 12.8 *The Consumer area is divided into the following three business models.
247.6
6.5 16.2
217.8
27.9
    Full games
  Mainly disc-based and download sales of full games for home video game consoles and PCs. (Sales of additional download content are not included.)
 F2P
Mainly free-to-play based game content along with item-based sales, etc., mostly for smartphones and PCs.
 Other
  Sales of additional download content, consignment sales of other companies’ titles, contract development, title transfer, bundled titles for platformers, sales of products other than game software.
  FY2021/3 (Results)
Net sales: ¥135.7 billion
Persona 5 Strikers
©ATLUS. ©SEGA. / ©KOEI TECMO GAMES. All rights reserved.
Operating income: ¥31.4 billion
HATSUNE MIKU: COLORFUL STAGE!
© SEGA/© CP/© CFM
2020 2021 (FY) Net sales (Billions of yen)
Ordinary income (Billions of yen)
Ordinary income margin (%)
   Amusement Machine Sales Area, Amusement Center Operations Area
In the Amusement Machine Sales area, we chiefly sold mainstay products such as the UFO Catcher® crane game series and prizes for these games. In the Amusement Center Operations area, in line with the transfer of shares of a subsidiary engaged in amusement facilities operations at the end of December 2020, results from the subsidiary were excluded from consolidated reporting from the third quarter of fiscal year 2021.
FY2021/3 (Results) * Amusement Machine Sales Area Performance
Net sales: ¥35.7 billion Operating loss: ¥1.6 billion
Animation and Toys Area
Performance in the Animation and Toys area remained solid. In Animation, although COVID-19 caused a delay in the release of the film Detective Conan the Movie The Scarlet Bullet, a special omnibus film taken from the Detective Conan TV animation series, Detective Conan: The Scarlet Alibi, was released. We also recorded revenues from other animation production and distribution. In Toys, alongside mainstay products, we sold new products such as Fun to change mouse covers! Sumikkogurashi Personal Computer Plus.
FY2021/3 (Results)
Net sales: ¥23.2 billion Operating income: ¥2.1 billion
Initial D THE ARCADE
© Shuichi Shigeno/KODANSHA All Rights Reserved © SEGA
All manufacturers, cars, names, brands and associated imagery featured in this game are trademarks and/or copyrighted materials of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
The trademarks Porsche, Porsche Crest, Porsche Logotype, Carrera and 911 are used under license of Porsche AG.
Detective Conan: The Scarlet Alibi
© Gosho Aoyama / Shogakukan/YTV/TMS 1996
 To Be a Global Leading Contents Provider
Outlook Going Forward
We are positioning the Consumer area as a growth business for the Group, with a strategic focus on the global development of key existing IPs. To this end, we are pursuing initiatives such as expanding touch points with users, prolonging product life cycles, and strengthening user engagement. We will also cultivate the F2P games for smartphones in domestic market, amusement machines, etc., into businesses that can secure stable earnings.
In the fiscal year ending March 2022, we expect to see a drop off in repeat sales in the Consumer area following an upswing in the previous fiscal year. In the Amusement Machine Sales area, we expect to improve profitability through fixed cost reductions.
FY2021/3 (Results)
   Net sales: Operating income: Ordinary income:
¥217.8 billion ¥27.9 billion ¥27.9 billion
 PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2
NEW GENESIS
©SEGA
FY2022/3 (Forecast)
Net sales:
¥213.0 billion Operating income:
¥23.0 billion Ordinary income:
¥25.0 billion
 Consumer Area
For full games, we anticipate a drop off in repeat sales following an upswing in the previ- ous fiscal year, as well as higher costs due to an increase of new titles. Meanwhile, in F2P, we have started the global roll-out of PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2 NEW GENESIS.
FY2022/3 (Forecast)
Net sales:
¥140.0 billion Operating income:
¥21.0 billion
    HUMANKINDTM ©Amplitude Studios 2021. ©SEGA.
Total War: WARHAMMER III
©Games Workshop Limited 2021. Published by SEGA.
Shin Megami Tensei V ©ATLUS. ©SEGA. All rights reserved.
  Amusement Machine Sales Area
We plan to improve profitability due to the effect of fixed cost reduction through structural reform. We also plan to release mainstay products such as the UFO Catcher® crane game series and prizes for these games as well as new products.
Animation and Toys Area
In Animation, Detective Conan the Movie The Scarlet Bullet has been a hit and we expect to record revenue from other animation production and distribution as
well. In Toys, we will continue to sell new
  UFO CATCHER 9 third
©SEGA
and mainstay products.
Demon Slayer POD
©KoyoharuGotoge/ SHUEISHA, Aniplex, ufotable
   Detective Conan the Movie The Scarlet Bullet ©2020 GOSHO AOYAMA/ DETECTIVE CONAN COMMITTEE All Rights Reserved.
FY2022/3 (Forecast)
  FY2022/3 (Forecast)
Net sales: ¥43.0 billion Operating income: ¥1.7 billion
Net sales: ¥26.5 billion Operating income: ¥1.8 billion
 38 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 39
 
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
As an “innovator in the industry,” SEGA SAMMY will launch new initiatives and strive to generate stable profits by enhancing profitability.
External Environment
Along with the slow decline of the player population since 1995, there has been a long-term downtrend in the overall number of pachinko halls, as well as in the number of machines installed and in annual machine turnover. On the other hand, the opening of large halls and an increase in locations of major hall operators has caused a rise in the number of machines installed per store.
Business Overview
The Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business draws on a powerful IP lineup and industry-leading development capabilities to supply prod- ucts that meet the demands of a diverse fan base. We are working to develop and market machines with innovative gameplay that will help bring vitality to the market for both pachislot and pachinko machines. We are also seeking to lower costs and environmental impact through measures centered on component reuse.
    Market Size and Number of Pachislot and Pachinko Players
Numbers of Pachinko Halls and Installed Pachislot and Pachinko Machines per Pachinko Hall
14,674 336.5
443.3
9,035
A powerful IP lineup and
strong development capabilities
SAMMY has an IP lineup that boasts strong brand aware- ness, led by titles in the popular Hokuto No Ken series.
P Shin Hokuto Muso Chapter 3
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/NSP 1983 Approved No.KOJ-111 ©2010-2013 Koei Tecmo Games Co., Ltd. ©Sammy
Pachislot ANEMONE Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven HI-EVOLUTION
©2018 BONES/Project EUREKA MOVIE ©BANDAI NAMCO Sevens Inc.
17.40
52.2
32.3
7.10
40.6 14.6
Sammy’s Strengths
Multiple well-performing series
©Sammy
                                 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 (CY) Pachislot and pachinko market (trillions of yen) Other leisure markets (trillions of yen)
Pachislot and pachinko players (millions of people) Source: White Paper on Leisure Industry 2021, Japan Productivity Center
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines: Number of Installed Machines, Unit Sales, and Annual Turnover
1.19
5,833 4,896
’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 (FY) Number of pachinko halls (halls)
Number of installed pachislot and pachinko machines per pachinko hall (units) Source: National Police Agency
Pachislot and Pachinko Machine Approval Process
When marketing a new pachislot or pachinko machine, manufactur- ers are required to go through multiple step licensing processes in accordance with the Entertainment Establishments Control Law.
Series
Hokuto no Ken
Number of titles in series
35
Cumulative unit sales
Approx. 2,990,000 units
Approx. 560,000 units
Approx. 510,000 units
Approx. 480,000 units
Series
Number of titles in series
7
6
11
3
Cumulative unit sales
Approx. 210,000 units
Approx. 160,000 units
Approx. 140,000 units
Approx. 60,000 units
    ALADDIN 14
Hokuto Muso
Eureka Seven
〈Monogatari〉Series
Code Geass
  Beast King
15
     4,004
0.33 1,341
Machine manufacturer
1. Application for prototype testing 2. Prototype testing
results issued
3. Application for installation approval
4. Installation approval issued
5. Contract and product delivery
SOUTEN-NO-KEN 13
Note: As of March 31, 2021
Security Communications Association
                            Public Safety Commission in each prefecture
      ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 (FY) Number of installed pachislot and pachinko machines (thousands of machines)
Pachislot and pachinko machine unit sales (thousands of machines) Annual turnover (times)
Source: National Police Agency and Yano Research Institute Ltd. “Pachinko Manufacturer Trends 2021”
District police station
For more information on market data, see pages 77-78.
Create hit machines
Revise the product lineup Increase hit potential Enhance media functions
Improve business efficiency
Raise development efficiency Lower costs
Promote online commerce
6. Application for approval
7. Final authorization
Pachislot and pachinko businesses are characterized by a reliance on electronic components that carry a high cost ratio. The Group is working to raise development efficiency and lower costs, such as through the reuse of materials.
Value Chain of the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Pachislot or Pachinko halls
8. Start of operations
Lowering costs and raising profitability
   Anticipated Opportunities and Risks
 Responses
 Opportunities
Possibility of expanding user base
As the scope of development has expanded due to changes in regula- tions, machines conforming to the new regulation may expand the user base.
Growing demand for new regula- tion machines
If new regulation machines win the support of users, we can expect
greater demand and an increase in the player population.
Risks
Decline in the player population
The decline in the player population may undermine the purchasing power of hall operators and affect unit sales volume.
Loss of users due to new regula- tion machines
New regulation machines may fail to win broad acceptance among users, accelerating the decline in the player population.
Risk of approval status
The approval rate*, which has remained at a low level due to the recent revision of regulations, may have a significant impact on sales.
* The rate of obtaining successful prototype
testing results in the pachislot or pachinko machines licensing process.
Component risk
There is a risk of losing sales opportuni- ties due to the inability to procure components.
1 Average development lead time: 1 year–2.5 years
3 Averagesalesleadtime: 1 month–
1 2 3
Development Manufacturing Sales
4
Operations
In-house
Outsourcing
  Component reuse
Collection of trade-ins
Lower component costs Lower environmental impact
 Sourcing materials through disassembly, etc.
 40 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 41

Achievements in FY2021/3
New machines launched during the year included Pachislot Hokuto no Ken Shukumei and P Shin Hokuto Muso Chapter 3. Performance was impacted by factors including the shuttering of pachinko halls amid the COVID-19 pandemic, however, with full-fledged sales activities only resuming in the second half and the deadline for removing previous regulation machines getting pushed back, weakening demand for new regulation machines. As a result, we sold 35,000 pachislot units (down from 123,000 units a year earlier) and 69,000 pachinko units (down from 104,000 units). As a result of booking a valuation loss, largely on components, the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Busi- ness recorded an operating loss for the first time.
Pachislot Hokuto No Ken Shukumei
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/COAMIX 1983, ©COAMIX 2007 Approved No.YRG-121 ©Sammy
    Pachislot and Pachinko Machine Unit Sales
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business Performance
108.5
53.1
22.7
20.9 –11.3
—
2020 2021 (FY) Net sales (billions of yen)
Ordinary income (billions of yen)
Ordinary income margin (%)
Market Share of Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
 301
207 202
 216
200
199
85 67 123
159
215 241
21.7
9.8
24.3
14.114.8
21.9
 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY) Pachislot machine unit sales (thousands of units)
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 (FY*) Pachislot machines (%) Pachinko machines (%)
* Settlement dates from July to June
Source: Yano Research Institute Ltd. “Pachinko Manufacturer Trends 2021”
Pachislot The Seven deadly Sins
©Nakaba Suzuki,Kodansha/The Seven Deadly Sins Project,MBS ©Nakaba Suzuki,Kodansha/The Seven Deadly Sins TVSP Project, MBS ©Nakaba Suzuki,Kodansha ©Sammy
Pachinko machine unit sales (thousands of units)
Major Titles Sold in FY2021/3
Pachislot
Pachinko
Pachislot Hokuto No Ken Shukumei
Pachislot The Seven deadly Sins
Pachislot Initial D
P Shin Hokuto Muso Chapter 3
P Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven HI-EVOLUTION ZERO
P〈Monogatari〉Series Secondseason
Month Delivered
March 2021
November 2021
January 2021
December 2020
August 2020
February 2021
Unit sales
17,456
6,207
5,369
43,901
10,223
6,560
15.3
8.7
16.8
12.0 10.5
14.7
9.0
9.9
11.6 10.9
8.0 7.4
         P Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven HI-EVOLUTION ZERO
©2017 BONES/Project EUREKA MOVIE ©BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment Inc. ©Sammy
142
138 140
104 35 69
Build a Stable Earnings Structure
Outlook Going Forward
We have started to roll out pachislot and pachinko machines that comply with new regulations. We are revising the product lineup and creating machines from a thoroughly user-centric perspective, centering on series machines that offer greater hit potential. We are also working to improve business efficiency, including raising devel- opment efficiency and lowering costs.
The deadline for removing previous regulation machines falls in the fiscal year ending March 2022. We will work to meet replacement demand by launching new titles, including mainstay titles, and recover profitability. Although we project lower fixed costs in line with recent structural reforms, we also anticipate higher advertising expenses and other operating costs due to factors including an influx of newly launched titles and the lifting of restrictions on TV advertising.
Market Environment under Revised Regulations
FY2021/3 (Results)
   The need to replace pachislot and pachinko machines under revised regulations will cause a temporary downswing in the number of installed machines and in turnover. In such cases, however, the launch of hit machines typically tends to drive recovery. When pachislot regulations were last revised, the subsequent appearance of hit machines boosted the purchasing motivation of hall operators and fueled improvement in turnover.
Pachislot Market environment and changes in regulations Previous regulations (1)
(No. 4 models) to 2004 (three-year transition period)
Previous regulations (2)
(No. 5 models) 2004–Feb. 2018 (four-year transition period)
Pachinko Market environment and changes in regulations to 2004 (three-year transition period)
2004 revision of regulations (tightening)
2008 relaxation of regulations
Pachislot CODE GEASS Lelouch of the Rebellion 3
©SUNRISE/PROJECT GEASS Character Design ©2006 CLAMP・ST ©SUNRISE/PROJECT GEASS Character Design ©2006-2008 CLAMP・ST ©SUNRISE/PROJECT G-AKITO Character Design ©2006-2011 CLAMP・ST ©BANDAI NAMCO Sevens Inc.  ©Sammy
Net sales: Ordinary loss:
¥53.1 billion ¥1 1.3 billion
 FY2022/3 (Forecast)
Net sales:
¥89.0 billion Ordinary income:
¥9.0 billion
  2004–Feb. 2018 (four-year transition period)
  Turnover, increase in installed machines
New regulations (No. 6 models) Feb. 2018–present
Turnover
2004 revision of regulations (relaxation)
’02 ’04 ’06 ’08 ’10
Feb. 2018–present
’16 ’18 ’20
                                          ’00 ’02 ’04 ’06 ’08 ’10 ’12 ’14 ’16 ’18 ’20
Number of installed pachislot machines
Pachislot machine annual turnover
Source: National Police Agency and Yano Research Institute Ltd. “Pachinko Manufacturer Trends 2021”
Major Titles Sold to Date in FY2022/3
’00
’12 ’14
Number of installed pachinko machines Pachinko machine annual turnover
Source: National Police Agency and Yano Research Institute Ltd. “Pachinko Manufacturer Trends 2021”
   Pachislot
Pachinko
Pachislot Angel Beats!
Pachislot GAMERA
P Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress
P Hokuto No Ken 8 Kyuseishu
P Cho Hane Beast King
P SOUTEN-NO-KEN Tengoku
Month Delivered
April 2021
June 2021
April 2021
May 2021
June 2021
July 2021
     Pachislot GAMERA
©KADOKAWA ©Sammy
P Hokuto No Ken 8 Kyuseishu
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/COAMIX 1983, ©COAMIX 2007 Approved No.YTA-212 ©Sammy
  42 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 43
 
Resort Business
To make the Resort Business a pillar of the Group over the medium to long term, we are building up our know-how in the integrated resort business in parallel with strengthening the profitability of existing resort facilities.
External Environment
Concrete moves toward the opening of an integrated resort in Japan.
The Integrated Resort Development Bill, which includes casinos, was enacted in July 2018, and moves toward the establishment of an inte- grated resort, which the government regards as essential for Japan to become “a tourism-oriented country,” are gaining momentum.
Business Overview
Through the operation of resort facilities, the Group is working to acquire development and operational expertise to enter the integrated resort field in Japan.
   Candidate locations and operators will be selected in the future.
Phoenix Seagaia Resort
Japan’s leading resort complex
Phoenix Seagaia Resort offers Japan’s finest resort stays, taking advantage of an ideal environment—such as three accommodation facilities including the Sheraton Grande Ocean Resort, a world-class convention center that can hold up to 5,000 people, as well as Phoe- nix Country Club, one of Japan’s preeminent golf courses, and a tennis club—all surrounded by a vast, nearly 700-hectare grove of Japanese black pines spreading roughly 11 kilometers north-south along the coast of the Pacific Ocean in Miyazaki Prefecture. By continuously improving the value of the facilities, the Group is work- ing to strengthen its ability to attract customers while accumulating know-how in the operation of resort facilities.
 Anticipated Opportunities and Risks
 Responses
Opportunities
Commercialization of a domestic IR business
If integrated resorts are realized in Japan in the future and our group’s entry into the market is realized, there is a strong possibility that this business will become a major revenue source.
Risks
Risks of entering into domestic IR business
Delays in legislation related to inte- grated resorts will have a major impact on our group’s long-term scenario. There is also a risk that investment may not be recovered unless the Company is selected as a business entity.
Risks associated with response to addiction issues
Neglecting to respond adequately to addiction issues and other social issues could expose the Group to social criticism or render sustained develop- ment of the industry impossible.
Acquisition of know-how for the success of IR business
Deployment of personnel to PARADISE CITY Development and operation of resort facilities Addiction countermeasures
For details see page 49.
Acquired gaming machine manufacturer and distribution licenses in Nevada.
©Phoenix Resort
The North Country Golf Club
(Chitose, Hokkaido)
As part of its activities to promote sports and contribute to the com- munity of Chitose City, the Company runs Sega Sammy Cup Golf Tournament and operates it as a facility for snow activities, North Snowland in Chitose, in winter.
 Achievements for FY2021/3
The number of facility users at Phoenix Seagaia Resort continued to fall sharply due to the impact of COVID-19, declining 34.3% year on year. However, there were signs of recovery in individual demand, such as an increase in facility users of 10% year on year in October and November 2020, buoyed by the Go to Travel campaign. In addition, the business incurred expenses related to its move into the domestic Integrated Resort (IR) market. Overseas, PARADISE CITY, operated by PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. (affiliate accounted for using the equity method) saw substantial declines in the drop amount (amount of chips purchased by customers at the table) and
Outlook Going Forward
We forecast a moderate recovery at the Phoenix Seagaia Resort on the back of stepped-up measures aimed at individuals, while losses at PARADISE CITY are likely to narrow as travel restrictions ease.
the number of guests in January to December 2020, with year-on- year declines of 66.2% and 54.5%, respectively, due to the impact of COVID-19 and other factors.
* Results for PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. are posted with a three-month delay due to a December fiscal year-end
  FY2021/3 (Achievements)
¥6.3 billion
Ordinary loss: ¥8.9 billion
PARADISE CITY
South Korea’s first IR facility
PARADISE CITY, operated by PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd., a joint venture with the PARADISE GROUP of South Korea, is the first IR facility in South Korea with hotels, casinos, commercial facilities, convention halls, and clubs. We aim to be the top IR facility in North- east Asia by providing high-quality space and services, and are accumulating development and management know-how with a view to entering the IR business in Japan.
Net Sales:
  Future IR Business Strategy
The Company needs to review its IR business strategy following the City of Yokohama’s decision to call off its selection process for IR operators. However, we are confident that the Company is now one of Japan’s top companies in the IR field after accumulating various expertise and know-how through sustained investment in the IR business over many years. We plan to continue seeking opportunities to participate in IR projects in order to capitalize on this expertise.
©PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
 44 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 45

      Environment
We design products with a view to lowering the environmental burden of manufacturing processes and enhancing efficiency through recycling and reuse. Further, we are advancing efforts to preserve the environment and reduce power consumption.
 Entertainment Contents Business
Add color to life by providing experiences that move the heart through games and other entertainment.
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Add stimulation to everyday life by providing experiences that move the heart through pachislot and pachinko machines.
Resort Business
Add relaxation to life by providing experiences that move the heart through resorts.
    Addiction
We are taking steps to tackle and prevent different types of addiction, such as addiction to playing pachinko and pachislot machines; “gaming disorder,” which is an addiction to video games that seriously affects health; and gambling addiction, which is strongly related to the integrated resort business.
 People
We will strive to create motivating work environments for diverse human resources and build a corporate culture with a high level of creativity. We also aim to make diversity an inherent part of our business, while also ensuing fairness by respecting human rights, prohibiting discrimination of any kind and protecting disadvantaged people.
  Products and Services
In order to create experiences that move the heart through entertainment to make life more colorful, we will build development processes that allow us to provide innovative products, continually improve the quality of products and services, and supply products and services that can be enjoyed with safety and confidence.       Governance
We will emphasize corporate governance, including compliance and risk management, strengthen legal compliance frameworks and internal control systems, ensure sound business management, enhance transpar- ency and improve efficiency through rigorous governance management.
The SEGA SAMMY Group’s Value Creation and Materiality
 In accordance with our mission of Constantly Creating, Forever Captivating, we will work to realize a sustainable society and increase corporate value by responding to society’s needs.
To achieve those objectives, we are focusing on creating value through the Group’s core businesses and identifying key issues in their operations (materiality). Referencing the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) model, an external framework, we have defined materiality for the SEGA SAMMY Group and are working to communicate it across the Group.
Realize a Sustainable Society and Increased Corporate Value
Materiality to Be Addressed and Key Categories
  Value Created by Our Businesses
Value Creation in Core Business
Materiality to Be Addressed
Key Categories
Reduce Environmental Burden
Mitigate Addiction
Enhance Job Satisfaction Increase Diversity Eliminate Inequality
Develop Innovative Products
Improve the Quality of Products and Services
Supply Safe and Trusted Products
Reinforce Governance
Related SDGs
       Constantly Creating, Forever Captivating
—Making Life More Colorful—   46
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 47


Sammy has been working to improve the reusability of pachislot and pachinko machine components by working from the design and development stages to standardize components, circuit boards, and units, and set targets for the number of reusable components in 2016. In the fiscal year ended March 2021, the recovery rate for reused components reached 89.7% and the recycling rate for pachislot and pachinko machines was 98.6%. Sammy will continue its efforts to maximize the benefits of reuse.
Sammy is also working with other manufacturers to develop platforms for components and units as part of industry-wide efforts to reduce environmental impact.

The Group is pursuing optimization in all areas of the pachislot and pachinko machine value chain, including development, manufactur- ing, and sales. Through these efforts, we aim to reduce environmen- tal impact by cutting back on component use while also promoting the reuse of components, which is supporting an improvement in business profitability.

We are improving the efficiency of reuse activities by expanding the range of reused components and increasing the ratio of stan- dardized components and materials.

At the design and development stages, we are designing products with reuse in mind, including measures such as promoting common components and increasing the range of reused components.

At the production stage, we have consoli- dated previously dispersed component warehouse functions at the site of the neighboring Kawagoe Factory and are facilitating efficient component recycling and reuse.

We are striving to strengthen relationships with pachinko halls and establish a cycle of reuse and recycling by selling pachinko machine boards that help reduce invest- ments when introducing new machines.

The Group seeks to ensure proper disposal of used pachislot and pachinko machines that have reached the end of their lives of bring- ing joy to customers. We therefore promote recycling by offering trade-in programs with regard to our own machines and by utilizing an industry association collection system. We also participate in the used pachislot and pachinko machine collection system developed by industry associations to implement more advanced recycling measures (reduction of weight and appropriate treatment).

The Group began to implement initiatives against addiction follow- ing the establishment of the Society for Research on Pachinko Addiction in 2003. The Recovery Support Network (RSN), which was created in 2006 with the support of various groups within the industry, has also introduced a wide range of initiatives, including awareness-raising activities and telephone helpline services.
Activities During Pachislot and Pachinko Addiction Awareness Week
Pachislot and Pachinko Addiction Awareness Week is held in Japan every year from May 14 to May 20 with the aim of raising awareness about pachislot and pachinko addiction. Centered around Aware- ness Week, in addition to holding forums to broaden understanding of these issues, industry organizations are also engaged in Aware- ness Week poster campaigns and other activities.

At the World Health Assembly in May 2019, the World Health Orga-
nization (WHO) recognized “gaming disorder” as a disease, defining it as a pattern of excessive online and video gaming.
In Japan, the Computer Entertainment Supplier’s Association (CESA), the Japan Online Game Association (JOGA), the Mobile Content Forum (MCF), and the Japan eSports Union (JeSU) jointly established a study group to conduct surveys and research relating
to phenomena triggered by gaming, and to educate the public about appropriate ways to enjoy gaming.
The four organizations are currently carrying out collaborative surveys and research about gaming disorder and exploring countermeasures for the future. The Group will continue to address these issues appropriately in cooperation with the study group.

SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS and Kyoto University are jointly con- ducting a process research project* on gambling addiction, which involves the collection and analysis of data on progression in gambling behavior. The purpose of this research is to discover advance warning signs of dangerous gambling behavior by collecting and analyzing playing data from casinos.
The Group plans to use the results of this research to establish systems for the early identification of players showing signs of addiction, so that steps can be taken to prevent escalation. We will also establish facility operations that encourage users to exercise self-control and restraint. In this way, we aim to develop an inte- grated structure for gambling addiction countermeasures, from education and prevention through to treatment in collaboration with
medical institutions and other organizations.
Studies to date have analyzed playing data. In particular,
research focused on examining the effects of prior wins or losses on subsequent betting behavior in the process of repeated gambling. Playing data for the card game baccarat were analyzed. Results from the joint research showed that repeated gambling behavior results in a tendency to increase the size of wagers, regardless of whether the gambler wins or loses, and that this pattern is especially conspicuous after a win. It was also found that the percentage of people who will engage in risky gambling tends to increase after repeated wins. These results were also published in the research journal International Gambling Studies.
* This research project is being carried out from December 2017 to March 2023 at the Kokoro Research Center Kyoto University.

To realize our Mission of Constantly Creating, Forever Captivating,
the Group is striving to Be a Game Changer. This is the shared com- mitment of the Group. We formulated The SEGA SAMMY Group Vision for HR Reform s as our guiding principles in the area of human resource development, with the aim of maintaining our role as an innovator in a rapidly changing business environment. The vision represents a departure from traditional human resource administra- tion styles based on seniority and on rigid structures. Its goal is to provide a strategic direction for change that will allow us to maxi- mize the core qualities leveraging diversity of each Group company and each individual while also realizing our strengths as a Group. We have also identified three elements and five priorities with the aim of creating fields in which personnel who demonstrate aspirations and high abilities can play an active role.
In addition, each Group company will approach human resource development with the aim of instilling S.S. FIVE —Our Core Quali- ties— Drive, Empathy, Initiative, Control, Resolve as the basis for behaviors that leverage diversity. We will also maximize the value of our human assets across Group divisions by basing job appoint- ment and dismissal decisions on aspirations and abilities, and by reflecting results and contributions in remuneration.
SS Developing Remote Working Environments
To ensure the safety of its employees during the COVID-19 pan-
demic, the Group has adopted workstyles that combine remote and onsite work according to work and operational requirements. We will continue our efforts to prevent the spread of the disease while maintaining and improving productivity.

One of the social issues faced by same-sex couples is the fact that they are not legally recognized as being married, with the result that they are unable to enjoy the rights and the services that are available to families as a matter of course. SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS treats same-sex partners on an equal footing with spouses under its vari- ous internal systems.
Currently, notarized declarations are required when making applications relating to a same-sex partner, but we also plan to accept partnership certificates issued by the Famiee Project.

In June 2020, Sega of America, Inc. responded to growing support
for the “Black Lives Matter” anti-racism movement by issuing a statement condemning discrimination against people of color. In addition, in March 2021, both Sega of America, Inc. and SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS expressed their support for efforts to eradi- cate all forms of racial discrimination and violence following a rapid increase in the number of hate crimes being committed against people of Asian descent.

In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machine Business, we provide safe,
high-quality products and services through proactive ingenuity and effective quality improvement. We have also set a zero target for significant defects with the potential to affect safety.


The Revised Amusement Businesses Law Enforcement Ordinance, in effect since July 2004, is primarily intended to control excessive gambling elements on pachislot and pachinko machines and pre- vent improper modifications. Adhering to this ordinance, the Pachis- lot and Pachinko Machines Business has established a special group to collect market information and build pachislot and pachinko machines that are resistant to abuse in order to prevent users from illegally manipulating the machines for illicit benefit. To combat improper modifications, which are becoming increasingly complex, we monitor and manage the distribution of pachislot and pachinko machines to completely eradicate any machines that have been illegally modified from the market.

In response to suspicious solicitations for "sakura/uchiko" by people posing as representatives of the Company or SEGA SAMMY Group, as well as groundless walkthroughs and strategy guides that have been circulating in some areas of the market, we are implementing various countermeasures and encouraging cau- tion via the Sammy website, leaflets, and other means.

In the Consumer area of the Entertainment Contents Business, we label product packaging, user manuals and other tools for home video game software in accordance with the relevant laws and regu- lations, industry group guidelines, and internal rules. By applying clear and appropriate labels, we ensure that customers can use our products and services with confidence. We also clearly specify the range of users for each product and actively address any ethical concerns. Our products are labeled according to assessments conducted in countries around the world. In Japan, we indicate the target age group for each game based on the CERO* ratings system and also label products in accordance with our own volun- tary standards. By drawing on expertise accumulated through the CERO rating system and case studies, we have formulated guide- lines that cover nine categories and 26 items. We are also working to improve employee awareness by circulating information about recent ethical issues relating to expressions used in products in Japan and overseas through our email newsletter.

ESG Risks and Countermeasures in the Value Chain
 Recognizing that the various ESG risks faced by different face-to-face markets and business models confront different types of risk, our group has taken steps to address these risks and has identified key themes for contributing to the SDGs.
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
414
 ESG Risks
E Environmental Risks S Social Risks G Governance Risks
Key Themes for Contribution to SDGs
1 Environment 2 Addiction 3 People 4 Products and Services 5 Governance
  Entertainment Contents Business
Before they can be sold, pachislot and pachinko machines must receive approval through prototype testing, which determines whether machines are compliant with the Entertainment Establishments Control Law and other statutory laws and regulations. Therefore, regulatory revision can significantly affect the marketability and unit sales of pachis- lot and pachinko machines.
Response We are taking steps to increase efficiency with the aim of accelerating develop- ment so that we can swiftly respond to regula- tory revision. In addition, we have to address the risk of a potential drop in the ratio of products receiving approval through prototype testing while also developing models with diverse gameplay that a wide range of customers can enjoy casually. Our goal is to improve the quality of our products, in parallel with efforts to rapidly address changes to regulations.
Resort Business
Integrated Resort (IR)
There are concerns that growing public criti- cism about pachislot and pachinko addiction and the use of improperly modified pachislot and pachinko machines in commercial opera- tions or improper playing techniques could harm the image of this industry, ultimately leading to a contraction in the pachislot and pachinko machine market.
Response To support the sustainable development of this industry, we are actively working with industry bodies to control addictive behavior. We also provide backing for Recovery Support Networks and are developing machines with more casual gameplay. In terms of efforts to prevent improper modifications, we coordinate with industry associations in a voluntary drive to collect pachislot and pachinko machines that have been improperly modified. In addition, we have established an internal office tasked with preventing illegal acts, which gathers market information and contributes to the manufacture of pachislot and pachinko machines that are highly resistant to improper modification. We also take measures to urge caution in relation to strategy guides that are unfounded.
Consumer Area
Planning and development
Distribution and sales
Operations and additional contents distribution
In-house Outsourcing
424
Manufacturing Sales
Sammy’s manufacturing processes could give rise to surplus electrical components and other components. We use natural resources, such as wood, and materials that could place a burden on the environment, such as adhesives. Also, processing pachislot and pachinko machines at the end of their service lives is an important responsibility.
Response We are committed to the “3Rs” (reduce, reuse and recycle) throughout all our business processes. At the design and devel- opment stages, we are working to standardize parts and share parts between pachislot and pachinko machines, and we reuse machines removed from pachinko halls. We are promot- ing the use of water-based adhesives with less environmental impact.
Our reuse initiatives are aimed at mitigating environmental impact, but a parallel objective is to improve the profitability of our businesses by increasing efficiency through the use of common parts to reduce procurement costs.
Operations
In-house Outsourcing
      52
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 53
Social problems associated with minors who incur excessive fees when playing games based on the Gacha system, which encour- ages gambling aspects, are not infrequent. Content vendors are required to take counter- measures for this issue.
Response We provide safe and trusted products and services. For certain titles, we have applied age authentication to set upper limits on monthly fees, and we have established and implemented in-house guidelines to avoid the use of vague terms that can give players overly high expectations and to prevent the charging of excessive fees. We also create experiences that move the heart for people worldwide by providing various types of gameplay for diverse users.
Games create continued contact points between the provider and consumers. There- fore, the provision of ongoing support is neces- sary. Any shortcomings in such support could harm brands.
Response Normally, we respond to cus- tomer inquiries through a player support help- desk. If needed, however, we establish dedicated helpdesks.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has recog- nized gaming disorder as a mental disease.
Response Research has begun by external experts with a fair, neutral, professional back- ground, led by game organizations such as CESA, JOGA, MCF, and JeSU.
With the support of the four groups, a bench-marketing study has been launched to look at appropriate measurement criteria and the characteristics of game addiction to sup- port further research, such as understanding the scale of problem gaming, its causes and protective factors.
25
Customer support S
Game addiction S
Planning and development
 Regulator revisions and etc. S
 Planning  Any litigation filed against us or any penalties incurred from regulatory author- ities for violations of laws or ordinances may undermine our brand image and possibly affect our participation in domestic IR operations.
Lack of responsiveness to social demands for measures against gambling addiction could invite public backlash and jeopardize business continuity.
By analyzing behavioral data from players showing signs of gambling addiction, we aim to establish a system that rapidly detects addiction and prevents behavior from escalating.
Response
Through industry-academia joint research with Kyoto University we are working to develop systematic measures against gam- bling addiction.
Under the Group Compliance Liaison Committee, we are working to build a corporate structure that fosters the development of sound corporate management in observance of laws, ordinances, and societal norms.
Environmental burden of raw materials and the processing E of recovered and surplus components
Development
Management of IR facilities with casinos (Overseas)
Addiction and improper modifications or playing S techniques that undermine
the industry’s image
 Excessive use by minors S
Management of resort complexes without casinos (Japan)
    Compliance violations G
Measures against addiction S
Response
A History of Experiences That Move the Heart
 The SEGA SAMMY Group will continue to pursue the creation of experiences that move the heart well into the future.
The SEGA SAMMY Group was formed in October 2004 through the management integration of SEGA, a creator of well-known innovative products, and Sammy, a developer of various industry-first products. Since the management integration, SEGA SAMMY Group companies have continued to offer experiences that move the heart for consumers and create new experiences through the full-scale entry into the Resort Business in 2012 and other initiatives.
2013
Launched Pachislot Hokuto No Ken Chapter of Resurrection
Launched Pachislot Bakemonogatari
2015
2019
Launched Pachislot Hokuto No Ken Tenshou, the first title in the Hokuto No Ken series for No. 6 models
Pachislot Hokuto No Ken Tenshou
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/NSP 1983, ©NSP 2007 Approved No.YAF-420 ©Sammy
2021
Launched Pachislot Hokuto No Ken Shukumei for No. 6.1 models
       Established 1975
1989
Launched ALADDIN, the industry’s first single-bonus hitter pachislot machine
ALADDIN
©Sammy
Established 1960
1988
Launched the Mega Drive home video game console powered by a high-performance 16-bit CPU
Mega Drive
©SEGA
2001
Launched Beast King, a pachislot machine with assist time (AT)
Beast King
©Sammy
1993
Started rolling out Virtua Fighter, a 3D computer graphics (CG) fighting game
Virtua Fighter
©SEGA
2003
Launched Pachislot Hokuto No Ken, which set an unprece- dented sales record unbeaten to this day
Pachislot Hokuto No Ken
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/NSP 1983 ©Sammy
1998
Launched Dreamcast, the industry’s first home video console with internet connec- tivity
Dreamcast
©SEGA
2008
Launched Pachinko CR Hokuto No Ken, the Company’s best-selling pachinko machine by number of units
Pachinko CR Hokuto No Ken
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/NSP 1983, ©NSP2007 Approved No. SAE-307 ©Sammy
2005
Launched Ryu ga Gotoku, the first title in a blockbuster series of home video console games Launched the first title in the Sangokushi Taisen series of network-enabled trading card games
2009
Launched Pachislot Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven, which introduced new gameplay characteristics into No. 5 models
Pachislot Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven
©2005 BONES/Project EUREKA ©SAMMY
©BNEI
2012
Started distribution of online RPG PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2
PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2
©SEGA
2017
Acquired gaming machine manufac- ture and sales license in the U.S. State of Nevada
Opened PARADISE CITY, South Korea’s first integrated resort
Management Integration 2004
Pachislot Hokuto No Ken Chapter of Resurrection
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/NSP1983, ©NSP2007 Approved No.YGL-126 ©Sammy
Pachislot Bakemonogatari ©Nisioisin/Kodansha, Aniplex Inc., SHAFT INC. ©Sammy
2012
Made PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD., a wholly owned subsidiary
Established a joint venture with the PARADISE GROUP of South Korea
Phoenix Seagaia Resort
©Phoenix Resort
2013
Started distribution of smartphone game Puyo Puyo!! Quest and CHAIN CHRONICLE
Puyo Puyo!! Quest
Launched new series Pachinko CR Shin Hokuto Muso, drawing on a game IP
Pachinko CR Shin Hokuto Muso
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/
NSP 1983 Approved No.KOJ-111 ©2010-2013 Koei Tecmo Games Co., Ltd. ©Sammy
Pachislot Hokuto No Ken Shukumei
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/COAMIX 1983, ©COAMIX 2007 Approved No.YRG-121 ©Sammy
2021
Launched PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2 NEW GENESIS
PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2 NEW GENESIS
©SEGA
Launched HATSUNE MIKU: COLORFUL STAGE!
HATSUNE MIKU: COLORFUL STAGE!
© SEGA/© CP/© CFM
                       ©SEGA
PARADISE CITY
©PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
2016
Launched home video console game
Persona 5
Launched PC game Total War: WARHAMMER 2
Total War: WARHAMMER 2
© Games Workshop Limited 2020. Published by SEGA.
2020
Released the Sonic the Hedgehog movie
Sonic The Hedgehog
©2020 PARAMOUNT PICTURES AND SEGA OF AMERICA, INC.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 Persona 5
©ATLUS. ©SEGA. All rights reserved.
 54
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 55
Ryu ga Gotoku
©SEGA
CHAIN CHRONICLE
©SEGA
Sangokushi Taisen
©SEGA

Non-Financial Data
   Number of Employees
Human Resources Data
Number and Percentage of Female Managers
New Employee Turnover Rate
CO2 Emissions (Scope 1)
Environmental Data
CO2 Emissions (Scope 2)
Total Energy Input
%
9.5
 6.0
2.0
3.1
2.5
 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
      People
8,798 7,639 7,726 7,993
7,535
Note: The number of employees increased in fiscal year 2020, mainly due to the transfer of temporary workers in the Entertain- ment Contents Business to permanent employment contracts.
Employees Rehired after Retirement
Number of female managers
Percentage of female managers
Average Overtime Hours per Month
* The new employee turnover rate indicates figures for SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS, SEGA, and SAMMY only.
Employees Taking Childcare Leave and Percentage of Employees Returning to Work after Childcare Leave
Electricity Usage
Industrial Waste Discharge
Water Usage
      People
43 43
60 57
55
Other Indicators
Mid-Career Hires (People)
Hiring of Persons with Disabilities (People) Employees Taking Maternity Leave (People)
Days of Paid Leave Taken (Days)
Percentage of Paid Leave Taken* (%)
Days of Volunteer Leave Taken (Days)
Employees Taking Volunteer Leave (People)
(FY)
People / %
81
102
86
101
    Hours
17.3
21.9
19.7
24.3 19.4
78
  6.7
5.0
6.6
6.4
8.0
  ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
People / %
100
90.9
82
100
98.6
100
97.8
100 100
Number of employees taking childcare leave
Percentage of male employees returning to work after childcare leave
Percentage of female employees returning to work after childcare leave
Notes 1: Some data estimated based on total floor area
2: Decline in CO2 emissions mainly reflects reductions in the use of fuel and electricity
3: Coefficient for CO2 emissions from purchased electricity: Adjusted emission coefficients for each electricity provider for the fiscal year prior to each reporting fiscal year
Number of violations of environmental laws and regulations (FY) 2019 2020
’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
m3
886,828 911,771 855,791 823,099
603,287
             104 95
96.8
107
101
91.7
              19
      ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
MWh
167,381 173,879 172,918 171,020
47,445
 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
t
1,242 1,188 1,112
1,571
1,397
 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
  2021
 97
 129
 46
 11.0
 48.1
 0
 0
   2021
 0
   2017
212 97 45
8.2
46.2
92
57
2018
226 94 55
11.5
63.7
70
46
2019 2020
224             193
104              98
 66              70
12.5 14.0
69.5 75.6
101 18
42 16
Environmental Indicators at Sammy’s Kawagoe Factory
0 0
2019 2020
95.0 95.4
370 215 13.8% 3.3%
(FY)
    2021
 98.6
 29
 100%
    Pachinko and pachislot machine recycle rate (total for pachinko and pachislot machines) Use of environment-friendly raw materials in pachinko and pachislot machines
Recycle rate (%)
Amount of wood used (t)
Of which, PEFC-certified wood
t-CO2
86,944 85,140 84,498 80,566
18,969
      ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
        56
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 57
* Calculated by dividing the number of paid leave days taken by the number of statutory annual paid leave days. Includes statutory annual paid leave days at some Group companies.
Scope of Data and Aggregation Methods
Fiscal years 2018 and 2019: 15 domestic companies, fiscal year 2020: 13 domestic companies, fiscal year 2021: 12 domestic companies (SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS, SEGA GROUP, SEGA, Sammy, SEGA TOYS, TMS ENTERTAINMENT, SEGA SAMMY CREATION, SEGA Logistics Service, Sammy Networks, PHOENIX RESORT, DARTSLIVE, Butterfly
Number of employees indicates consolidated Group figures
Hiring of Persons with Disabilities indicates the number of persons with disabilities hired by Group companies to which the Employment Rate System for Persons with Disabilities is applicable.
t-CO2
8,613 8,712
7,199
5,782 5,499
              ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 ’21 (FY)
Scope of Data 11 companies
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC., SEGA CORPORATION (formerly SEGA GROUP CORPORATION, SEGA Games Co., Ltd., SEGA Interactive Co., Ltd.), Sammy Corporation, DARTSLIVE Co., Ltd., PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD., Sammy Networks Co., Ltd., SEGA TOYS CO., LTD., TMS ENTERTAINMENT Co., LTD., SEGA Logistics Service Co., Ltd., Sega of America, Inc., Sega Europe Ltd.
GJ
1,832,927 1,897,720 1,862,911 1,810,580
579,023

Corporate Governance
 Basic Principles Regarding Corporate Governance
The SEGA SAMMY Group positions corporate governance as the most important foundation for facilitating good corporate behavior. The Group has the aim of “improving efficiency,” “securing soundness” and “enhancing transparency” of corporate management as its “basic policy for corporate governance”; based on which the Group has made determinations on important management issues, including appointment of director candidates, determination of directors’ compensation, oversight of management, and determination of auditors’ compensation.
Corporate Governance System
The SEGA SAMMY Group has adopted an Audit and Supervisory Board member system to enable directors to make prompt, optimal deci- sions amid volatile business conditions, based on their wealth of expertise and experience regarding the industry, market trends, products, merchandise, and services. At the same time, we have appointed external directors and strengthened our executive officer system and internal auditing system, thereby reinforcing corporate governance with respect to operational management and oversight. In addition, starting from January 2010, the Company has selected two external Audit & Supervisory Board members as independent directors from the perspective of protecting the interests of ordinary shareholders, in order to further enhance management transparency.
 General Meeting of Shareholders
To encourage active participation in the General Meeting of Shareholders and facilitate the exercise of voting rights, SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS sends out early convocation notices (three weeks before the meeting) to provide shareholders with sufficient time to consider the Company’s proposals. The Company has also introduced an electronic voting system that allows shareholders to exercise their voting rights using the internet andotherelectronicmethods.
Breakdown of Shareholders
Foreign institutions and individuals
31.5%
Japanese individuals and other
As of March 31, 2021
Financial institutions
15.8%
Other companies
21.0%
Securitiescompanies 2.1%
17.9%
11.7%
Treasurystock
       Election / Dismissal
Reports / Proposals
Election / Dismissal
Audit
Reports Determination of Election / Dismissal Proposal of Accounting Auditor
Supervision Evaluation
Election / Dismissal
Independent Auditor
Audit /
Audit Reporting / Exchange of Information
      Execution instructions by President, Representative Director
Instruction for operations
Support for operations
Board of Directors
Internal directors External directors
At ordinary Board of Directors meetings held once a month in principle and at extraordinary Board of Directors meetings held as necessary, the Board of Directors aims to achieve flexible management through the current level of eight directors. Certain important managerial matters at each business company are also resolved and reported at the Company’s Board of Direc- tors or other bodies.
Audit & Supervisory Board
Internal audit & External audit & supervisory board member supervisory board member
In principle, the Audit & Supervisory Board holds meetings once a month, or when otherwise necessary. The Audit & Supervisory Board makes decisions with respect to assigning duties to the respective Audit & Supervisory Board members, and also deliberates on key matters for consideration, such as those involving the Group’s corporate governance, the status of establishing and operating internal control systems, and evaluations of independent auditors.
Officer of Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   Election / Dismissal Instructions
Reports
Reports
   Internal Auditing Office
Executive Officers
     Reports
Reports / Proposals
Advance Deliberations / Instructions for Examination
Reports / Proposals
Advice / Exchange of Information
Reports /
Exchange of Information
   Voluntary Committees
Independent Advisory Committee
The Independent Advisory Committee is composed of all of the indepen- dent external directors and independent external Audit & Supervisory Board members. The Committee provides opinions from an indepen- dent perspective in response to referrals by the Board of Directors or the representative directors, in order to ensure conformity with the various related principles under the Corporate Governance Code. Furthermore, the Committee exchanges information in order to oversee the Board of Directors and holds meetings as and when appropriate.
Group Management Strategies Committee
The Group Management Strategies Committee is established under the Company’s Board of Directors and discusses and verifies the improve- ment of profitability, efficiency, strategic investment cases, etc., of the Group’s business. The Committee is composed of directors (excluding the Chairman (Representative Director)) and standing Audit & Supervi- sory Board members, and holds meetings as and when appropriate.
 Liaison Committees
Group Compliance Risk Liaison Committee
The Group Compliance Risk Liaison Committee discusses, verifies and shares details about measures and information regarding internal control, compliance, risk management, etc. In principle, the Committee holds meetings once every six months.
Group Audit Liaison Committee
Composed of standing audit & supervisory board members of Group companies, the Committee meets three times a year in principle (two meetings in the fiscal year ended March 2021) in order to share information regarding timely issues (including the revision of laws) surround- ing the SEGA SAMMY Group and to achieve close cooperation among the audit & supervisory board members of Group companies.
    Each Division
Reports /
Proposals /
Exchange of Information
Notification Channel
Various Consultation Channels
Holdings Audit Liaison Committee
The Holdings Audit Liaison Committee is composed of standing Audit & Supervisory Board members, directors of accounting depart- ments, internal auditing departments, and internal control departments, etc., of the Company, SEGA CORPORATION, Sammy Corpora- tion, and KPMG AZSA LLC, the accounting company for the Company. In principle, the Committee meets twice annually to exchange opinions from respective viewpoints in order to improve compliance in accounting.
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Internal Auditing Office Liaison Committee
The Audit & Supervisory Board members and Internal Auditing Office Liaison Committee is composed of standing audit & supervisory board members of Group companies, plus the internal auditing department of the Company. In principle, the Committee meets once every three months with the aim of “ensuring soundness” of corporate management through information sharing among standing audit & supervisory board members of Group companies and the internal auditing department of the Company.
 Reflection in Policies / Exchange of Information
Group Companies
    58
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 59
Specific Execution Instructions
Internal Audit / Reports / Advice
Reflection in Policies / Exchange of Information
Reports /
Proposals /
Exchange of Information

 Corporate Governance Q&A
Basic Principles Regarding Corporate Governance
Q What kind of training and support do you provide to directors and Audit & Supervisory
A Board members?
We run training sessions and provide opportunities
to participate in external seminars.
At the time they assume office, directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members are provided with oppor- tunities to participate in internal orientation sessions and training sessions with the purpose of acquiring knowledge on the roles and responsibilities expected of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members of a listed company, as well as knowledge regarding related laws and regulations and compliance. Then,
What is your policy on strategic shareholdings?
Strategic shareholdings are limited to cases that are A deemed to provide benefits to all shareholders by
after assuming office, directors and Audit & Supervi- sory Board members are continuously provided with further opportunities to acquire and enhance neces- sary or new knowledge, including participating in train- ing sessions provided by external lecturers such as attorneys and experts in each area, for example, after the conclusion of a Board of Directors meeting.
In addition, the Company encourages each direc- tor and Audit & Supervisory Board member to volun- tarily improve their skills by participating in external seminars and lectures sponsored by organizations to which the Company belongs, and provides support in paying the necessary expenses.
Value of strategic shareholdings (excluding non-listed stocks)
 Improving Efficiency
By establishing a rapid and appropriate decision-making process and improving the efficiency of corporate management, the Company aims to maximize its corporate value, thereby striving to provide appropriate returns to various stakeholders, including shareholders.
Q What policies and reasons support the selection of external directors and external
A Audit & Supervisory Board members?
The Company selects external directors from among managers, etc., who are expected to (i) pro- vide advice on how to enhance the corporate value of the SEGA SAMMY Group from external perspec- tives, and (ii) provide oversight functions over the execution of duties by directors, based on their deep insight and extensive experience.
The Company has eight directors, four of whom are external and independent directors, as well as three Audit & Supervisory Board members, two of whom are external Audit & Supervisory Board members and independent directors. At the various meetings that they attend, external directors and external Audit & Supervisory Board members provide guidance and advice based on their abundant experience and highly specialized knowledge.
Selection Policy
The Company selects external directors from among managers, etc., who are expected to (i) provide advice on how to enhance the corporate value of the SEGA SAMMY Group from external perspectives, and (ii) pro- vide oversight functions over the execution of duties by directors, based on their deep insight and extensive experience. The Company understands that external Audit & Supervisory Board members play an important role in realizing a corporate governance system which improves the neutrality and independence of the audit- ing system, and thus, selects external Audit & Supervi- sory Board members who have significant expertise and experience in a wide range of fields, and from whom it is expected that the soundness of the man- agement can be secured by conducting auditing from a neutral and objective standpoint.
Securing Soundness
Amid drastic changes in the business environ- ment, in order to maximize corporate value, the SEGA SAMMY Group will accurately identify and manage the various risks facing the Group, and will ensure sound manage- ment through the establishment of a system (compliance system) to ensure compliance not only with laws and regulations but also with ethical and social norms.
Enhancing Transparency
Given the increasing importance of informa- tion disclosure for companies, the SEGA SAMMY Group will fulfill its accountability to stakeholders, including shareholders, and will further improve disclosure by proactively engaging in IR activities, thereby aiming to develop highly transparent management of the Group.
       Principles Regarding Independence
The Company determines the independence of external directors and external Audit and Supervisory Board members based on criteria such as “significant business partners” and “large monetary amounts,” which are cited in the independence criteria stipu- lated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE), with refer- ence to the publicly announced standard model for appointing independent directors and based on said criteria. We deem that persons satisfying the require- ments of said criteria do not have conflicts of interest with ordinary shareholders.
Reasons for Appointment of External Directors
Kohei Katsukawa
Corporate manager (Financial institutions)
To reflect Mr. Katsukawa’s wealth of experience and extensive expertise in the financial field in the Company’s business management.
Melanie Brock
Corporate manager (International business)
To reflect Ms. Brock’s wealth of experience and extensive expertise as an interna- tional business leader, backed by her diverse views and values as a woman and non-Japanese director, in the Company’s business management.
Naoko Murasaki
Corporate manager (Risk consulting)
To reflect Ms. Murasaki’s wealth of expertise in the field of global risk and gover- nance, which she gained over many years in the National Police Agency, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and risk consulting firms, in the Company’s business management
Fujiyo Ishiguro
Corporate manager (Digital field)
To reflect Ms. Ishiguro’s wealth of knowledge in corporate management and the digital field as a founder of Netyear Group Corporation in the Company’s busi- ness management.
Reasons for Appointment of External Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Kazutaka Okubo
To reflect Mr. Okubo’s wealth of expertise and extensive experience in auditing work as a certified public accountant in the Company’s auditing
Shione Kinoshita
To reflect Ms. Kinoshita’s wealth of experience and extensive expertise as an attorney in the Company’s auditing
Q
increasing corporate value.
The Company holds shares for purposes other than pure investment only in cases where the Company considers that holding the shares will enable a busi- ness alliance, the expansion of transactions, etc., and will lead to an improvement in corporate value, thereby benefitting shareholders.
In terms of methods for assessing the rationale for shareholdings, the Company examines economic rationale, future outlook, etc., on a periodic basis at Board of Directors meetings to determine whether it is beneficial to continue holding shares.
In addition, the Company comprehensively assesses the suitability of shareholdings based on quantitative evaluation to confirm current and future profitability and qualitative evaluation to ascertain progress against shareholding objectives.
(Millions of yen)
19,343
24,975 18,284
13,604
      What internal control systems related to
financial reporting are you creating and A maintaining?
We have put in place evaluation and reporting mech- anisms that ensure reliable financial reporting.
The Group started the Group Internal Control project during the fiscal year ended March 2006, established a scheme for evaluating and reporting of the internal control system required for corporate groups under the system of “Evaluation and Auditing of Internal Control Relating to Financial Reporting” (the Japanese Version of the “SOX Act”) as stipulated in the Financial Instru-
2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of companies
61
2021 (FY)
  Q
22121
ments and Exchange Act, and remedied inadequacies discovered in the course of conducting the evaluation. As a result, efforts for ensuring trust/reliability in finan- cial reporting have been conducted, thereby resulting in the Company’s judgment of having achieved effec- tive internal control relating to the financial reporting of the Group for the fiscal year ended March 2021. For the future as well, the Company will strive to ensure con- tinuing trust/reliability in financial reporting, as well as maintaining and developing the internal control system, taking into consideration issues such as improving efficiency and ensuring soundness.
PDF For more details, please see the Corporate Governance Report on our corporate website. https://www.segasammy.co.jp/english/media/file/pr/corp/governance/governance.pdf
 60 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 61

Q
A
What steps are you taking to assess the effec- tiveness of the Board of Directors?
The Company aims to further improve the effective- ness of the Board of Directors by enhancing the Board’s capabilities.
At the Company, the Independent Advisory Commit- tee, composed of independent external directors and independent external Audit & Supervisory Board mem- bers, shall perform analysis and evaluation each year, regarding the matters considered as important in the effective fulfillment of the Company’s Board of Direc- tors’ roles and responsibilities (such as the size, com- position, operating manner, status of deliberations, and support system of the Board of Directors).
For the fiscal year ended March 2021, the Company provided questionnaires to all directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members and, based on the results thereof, the Independent Advisory Committee per- formed an analysis and evaluation and reported at the regular Board of Directors meeting held in May 2021, that, while the Company’s Board of Directors tends to place more importance on decision-making for individ- ual proposals, it has reinforced the management over- sight and supervisory functions by allocating three External Directors with diverse backgrounds, and that
it was therefore confirmed that the effectiveness of the Company’s Board of Directors had been secured.
Regarding the composition of the Board of Direc- tors, the Independent Advisory Committee recognized that members are appointed in a diverse and well-bal- anced manner, and that the ratio of External Directors is generally at an appropriate level.
Regarding the operation of the Board of Directors, while the Independent Advisory Committee recog- nized that the Group Management Strategies Commit- tee, which includes external directors, effectively functions as a body to provide sufficient information and discuss in advance of institutional decisions, and that a mechanism for each director to make appropri- ate decisions in place, there were suggestions for efficient operation, such as those calling to increase opportunities for progress reports and post-reporting of important projects, as well as to devote more time to questions and discussions through rigorous time man- agement and to review the standards for submission of agenda matters including the delegation of authority to the CEO.
Based on the foregoing evaluation of effectiveness, the Board of Directors shall strive to further improve the functions of, and enhance the effectiveness of, the Board of Directors.
(Representative Director) of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer or others, attend briefing sessions on the settlement of accounts and actively engages in direct interactions.
For shareholders and investors, IR & SR personnel and the executive officer in charge of IR & SR hold an individual meeting after the quarterly disclosure of operating results. In addition, in line with the direction of the Company, small conferences, etc., may also be held as appropriate.
For overseas shareholders and investors, the Repre- sentative Director of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer or others individually provides opportunities to have dialogues multiple times per year.
Regarding the status of dialogue with shareholders and investors, the Company promptly provides feedback on a regular basis or as needed to the
Q What are the material risks across its business the Company identifies and the steps it is
A taking to address those?
The Group Compliance Risk Liaison Committee
Representative Director, Chief Financial Officer and other directors and executive officers, and strives to utilize that information for the sustainable growth and medium-to-long-term corporate value enhancement of the Company.
In accordance with the basic view that shareholders should be equally treated, when engaging in dialogue with shareholders with respect to the handling of unpublished important matters, regardless of whether it is a briefing session on the settlement of accounts or any other type of meeting, the Company endeavors to manage information in accordance with related laws, including the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and the “Insider Trading Preven- tion Regulations” which are internal regulations aimed at preventing insider trading.
The Committee carries out cross-mapping by investi- gating the level of impact and the possibility of occur- rence for latent risks in the Group. The Committee then performs risk evaluation and reports its results, which includes examining appropriate countermeasures for those risks, to the Board of Directors, where those risks are discussed. The risks that have been determined by the Group Compliance Risk Liaison Committee as being particularly significant are described below.
Main measures
Implement Group compliance measures through the estab- lishment of a dedicated office
Spread knowledge of the “Corporate Ethics Hotline” Signed up to “Whistleblowing System Certification (System for self-declaration of conformity)”
Activities to prevent involvement with anti-social forces
(1) As Groupwide measures against anti-social forces, each
Group company has implemented rules and conducts
background checks when entering into transactions
(2) Implement background checks when necessary for other
existing transactions
Establish crisis management rules, identify inherent risks in business activities, take steps to mitigate risks and prevent crises as a matter of normal practice, as well as establish and maintain systems to respond immediately to major crises
Implement strengthening activities, educational activities and monitoring activities for security governance at each Group company
Implement precautionary measures (surveillance and moni- toring) and follow-up measures (incident reporting), and implement vulnerability diagnosis, etc.
Strengthen security surveillance tools
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has formulated and implemented Group policies in accordance with national and local government policies and rigorously implemented measures to prevent the spread of infection. Promote teleworking
 Board of Directors
Board of Directors convened Takeshi Natsuno
Kohei Katsukawa
Melanie Brock
(External directors’ attendance) Mineo Enomoto
Kazutaka Okubo
(External Audit & Supervisory Board members’ attendance)
Meeting Attendance
Main Activities
leads the Company’s efforts to address risks.
The Group has established the Group Compliance Risk Liaison Committee to discuss, verify and share details about measures and information regarding internal control, compliance, risk management, etc.
Summary
Risks related to obstructions in acquiring integrated resort operating licenses due to compliance and legal violations, and license cancellation by the Nevada State Gaming Commission
Violation of rights of third parties by way of the products or services provided by the Group
Malfunctions of products manufactured by the Group
Risk of damage to brand image due to litigation arising from unexpected complaints from users, etc.
Risks of greater-than-anticipated physical damage or casual- ties among personnel at the headquarters, operating bases, or manufacturing bases of Group companies or those of the Group’s business partners due to large-scale natural disasters – such as earthquakes, fires, or floods – or terrorist attacks.
External attacks such as hacking
Malfunction and other failure of information system due to computer virus, etc.
Suspension of business functions due to outbreaks within the Company
  13 times
Attended meetings
Attended meetings
Attended meetings
97%
Attended meetings
Attended meetings
13of13
12of13
13of13
12of13
12of13
Mr. Natsuno principally provided expert opinions on business management and stated recommendations with a view to ensuring the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making.
Mr. Katsukawa principally provided expert opinions on business management and stated recommendations with a view to ensuring the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making.
Ms. Brock principally provided expert opinions on business management and stated recommendations with a view to ensuring the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making.
Mr. Enomoto principally provided opinions based on his professional insight as an attorney, provided expert opinions on business management, and stated recommendations with a view to ensuring the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making.
Mr. Okubo principally provided specialist opinions about financial accounting and internal control systems and opinions on business management based on his professional insight as a certified public accountant, and stated recommenda- tions with a view to ensuring the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making.
Risk item
 External directors
   Compliance and legal violations
 Disasters
 Information security
 Outbreaks of infectious diseases
        External Audit & Supervisory Board members
      92%
* Above information accurate as of March 31, 2021
   Q Please tell us about the Company’s dialogue with shareholders and other investors.
A The Company actively discloses information to help all investors make informed investment decisions.
In order to facilitate constructive dialogue with share- holders and investors, the Company has a basic posi- tion of appointing an executive officer in charge of Investor Relations (IR) & Shareholder Relations (SR), establishing a department in charge of IR & SR, and
addressing the following issues.
In facilitating constructive dialogue with shareholders and investors, the Company implements measures to ensure close and positive cooperation between and among internal departments, such as the corpo- rate planning, finance and accounting, legal affairs, and general affairs departments.
In line with the quarterly disclosure of operating results, the Company holds online briefing sessions mainly targeting institutional investors. The President
    62
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 63

Q What amounts of compensation does the Com- pany pay directors and Audit & Supervisory
A Board members and how is compensation calculated?
The Company’s compensation system for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members is designed to ensure transparency and provide greater incentive to increase corporate value.
The compensation system for directors (excluding external directors) is determined based on the follow- ing basic policy.
1 The system must increase management’s focus on shareholder interests and sharing value
with shareholders.
2 The system must clarify the responsibilities of management in improving the corporate value of the Group.
3 The system must function as an incentive to sup- port the sustained growth of the Group.
4 The system must have compensation levels for ensuring and maintaining excellent human resources appropriate for executing the roles and responsibilities of directors of the Company.
In addition, based on the basic policy, the compen- sation system for directors of the Company (excluding external directors) includes director’s bonuses as fixed compensation and stock compensation with restric- tion of transfer as performance-based compensation.
 Fixed compensation
A compensation table shall be formulated specifying the compen- sation amounts for each component, namely, basic compensation and role-based compensation, and the Company shall provide the sum of these components as monthly fixed compensation.
Directors’ bonuses
Directors’ bonuses are paid at the amount determined by multiply- ing the above fixed compensation by coefficients calculated based on a bonus table that defines the number of months for directors’ bonuses in accordance with the three elements of the level of the amount of ordinary income, the business plan achievement level, and the year-on-year growth level.
Stock compensation with restriction of transfer
The Company has introduced a stock compensation plan with restriction of transfer (continuous service-based and perfor- mance-based stock compensation) for directors (excluding exter- nal directors) to incentivize efforts to continuously increase corporate value and to further enhance the sharing of value with all shareholders. Specific payments and allocations are determined using a ratio of approximately 1:1:1 for fixed compensation for a single fiscal year, performance-based bonuses for a single fiscal year, and stock compensation with restriction on transfer at the time the medium-term management plan is achieved.
In the current medium-term management plan, the ratio of continuous service based shares with restriction on transfer and performance-based shares with restriction on transfer is expected to be approximately 1:3.
 PDF For more details about the Company’s compensation system for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, please refer to the Annual Securities Report (Japanese only). https://www.segasammy.co.jp/japanese/ir/library/pdf/printing_yuhou/2021/202103_4q_yuho.pdf
Compensation for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members for the fiscal year ended March 2021 is as follows.
Basic compensation Bonus Stock with restriction of transfer
Directors Internal 6 544 544 — —
External 4 46 46 — —
Audit & Supervisory Board members Internal 1 18 18 — —
External 2 20 20 — —
Notes: 1. With regard to the above basic compensation, the Company has decided to reduce the compensation of directors and executive officers in line with management performance in the current fiscal year and in order to clarify management responsibility as pertains to voluntary retirement in line with structural reforms. The reduction is reflected in the above basic remuneration.
(Relevant persons and details of reduction) Representative Director: 30% of basic monthly compensation
Director, Senior Executive Vice President: 20% of basic monthly compensation
Director, Senior Vice President: 10% of basic monthly compensation
(Applicable period) November 2020 to March 2021 (5 months)
2. As of March 31, 2021, the Company had eight directors (including three external directors), and four Audit & Supervisory Board members (including two external Audit & Supervisory Board members). These
figures differ from the number of individuals mentioned above due to the inclusion of two retired directors (including one external director) at the conclusion of the ordinary general meeting of shareholders held on June 24, 2020. The Company also has one Audit & Supervisory Board member who serves without compensation.
Directors who received ¥100 million or more in total compensation for the fiscal year ended March 2021 is as follows.
 Position
Number of Directors / Audit & Supervisory Board members
Total compensation (Millions of yen)
Total compensation by type (Millions of yen)
          Name
Position
Total compensation, etc. (Millions of yen)
Company
Total compensation by type (Millions of yen)
Basic compensation
Hajime Satomi Director 241 The Company 241
Haruki Satomi Director 147 The Company 147
Bonus Stock with restriction of transfer
— —
— —
       64
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
   I’ve gained a range of knowledge through many years in the financial sector, working on the ground in finance. The SEGA SAMMY Group is moving into a pivotal period, like a second founding. Drawing on my experience and perspective, I will do all that I can in terms of offering oversight and advice to help accelerate this vital process.
Q1. As an external director, I seek to give advice from a medium- to long-term and big-picture
INTERVIEW
External Director Interview
Kohei Katsukawa
 Tell us about your role as an external director. Where are you placing your focus?
vantage point on the ways in which the social and economic environment will change. I think I have ample opportunities to draw on the experience I’ve gained to offer advice to Board of Directors meetings and the Management Strategy Committee meeting regard- ing the direction of the Group’s strategies and the optimal form of management. I’ve spent many years in the financial sector, and was exposed to an array of businesses with corpo- rate clients during my tenure at a bank. I’ve gained a range of knowledge in the area of loans in particular, learning for instance that credit decisions are made by paying attention not only to the financial situation of a company but also to intangible assets, such as the determination of top management, the corporate culture, employee awareness, and sources of business. As stakeholder-oriented management has moved into the main- stream, I think my experience and perspective will be useful to discussions in Board of Directors meetings and the Management Strategy Committee and other venues.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 65

  Q2.
How do you rate SEGA SAMMY’s governance framework and operation?
One characteristic of the governance system is the setting up of the Group Manage- ment Strategy Committee, made up of internal and external directors and members of the Audit & Supervisory Board, to provide a forum for discussion leading up to Board of Directors meetings. This committee spends adequate time talking over business condi- tions and management plans, confirming and sharing agendas, before agenda items are deliberated on at Board of Directors meetings. In particular, we pay attention to and oversee the various indicators presented in the committee. Indicators include financial accounting, HR issues, compliance, and others. I and the other external officers analyze these indicators, and if there are any outliers that clearly diverge from the figures of other companies, we continue to ask questions until we are satisfied with the explanation. Such outliers always indicate that a company is struggling with some kind of issue, and sometimes even reflect serious damage to corporate value. So that such issues don’t get overlooked, I believe it is crucial to have outside views from many different angles based on diverse skills and experiences in management, finance, legal affairs, and other areas. In June 2021, the Board’s diversity was further enhanced with the addition of new external directors from different career backgrounds. From the point of view of the Group’s risk governance, I believe such diversity in the Board of Directors meeting will become increasingly important.
I’m paying particular attention to people. No company moves forward simply by system- atizing its organization. A business grows by the autonomous action of employees. A company whose employees take a passive attitude and feel they are being “forced” to do things can only go so far. On the other hand, an organization in which every employee has a sense of purpose and wants to contribute to society through their work can bring out its strengths in any environment. It is up to management, therefore, to foster an atmo- sphere that encourages employees to take on challenges willingly without fear of failure.
At the same time, creating a diverse organization will become more and more critical for future growth and is an area that should be further reinforced. This has come up in Management Strategy Committee meetings as a high-priority issue that requires an urgent response. Also, two women began taking part in these meetings as new directors in 2021. This, plus the fact that three out of eight directors are women, gives me the sense that management of the Group is serious about increasing diversity. The same can be said for Group employees. Businesses in the Consumer area require the devel- opment of products for a broad range of users, so I am certain this area will benefit from the viewpoints and ideas of a diverse range of personnel.
Regarding personnel outside Japan, since the SEGA brand is so widely recognized abroad, my sense is that we have a solid foundation from which to recruit talented people compared to competitors. At present, there are numerous cases where over- seas subsidiaries are under the leadership of foreign managers. But if the Group is aiming for 50% or more of sales to come from overseas over the medium to longer term, it will be essential to assign people to key posts not based on Japanese nationality but on criteria about who is the right person for the right position, and to give opportunities to foreign employees.
Along with such diversity, if a spirit of trial and error can take root and people feel free to take on new and greater challenges, I am confident that this will feed into substantial growth for the Group.
I am convinced that the SEGA SAMMY Group will become
a stronger, more trusted company going forward.
  Q3.
The SEGA SAMMY Group has identified the environment, addiction, people, products and services, and governance as material issues. What points are you looking at in particular?
Q4.
Tell us your expectations for the SEGA SAMMY Group going forward, and what challenges you see.
As COVID-19 continued on through the spring of 2020, many businesses were forced to curtail operations, and the situation not only for SEGA SAMMY but all companies remained unpredictable. Amid these circumstances, the Group was able to avoid the worst-case scenario through swift financing measures and structural reforms.
The next phase for the Group is growth further down the road. It is critical to antici- pate the post-pandemic business environment and work to fully meet emerging demand. The new medium-term plan announced in May 2021 made clear the path the Group should take and delineated the tasks needed to get there. I believe the driving force behind the success of the plan is the value included in the Mission Pyramid: “Cre- ation is Life”×“Always Proactive, Always Pioneering.” The point is to foster a corporate culture that allows employees to pursue a process of trial and error. On the other hand, I feel the Group needs to create a corporate climate that discourages people from being content with past successes or shying away from challenges or taking actions that don’t bear fruit. To do this calls for the establishment of robust HR and evaluation systems.
Also, while SEGA SAMMY boasts a large number of amazing IPs and a globally recognized brand, it is unfortunate that the Group has not effectively capitalized on these management resources. This is probably a factor of a lack of awareness and initiative about leveraging resources held by the Group across different business areas. If the Group can deal proactively with these issues, this will eventually lead to enhanced corporate value and win the trust of investors and other stakeholders.
Haruki Satomi was appointed as the new CEO in April 2021. He is young and full of vitality and has a global outlook. Haruki is someone who played a central role in the structural reforms in 2020 and who is determined to achieve the goals of the new medi- um-term plan. That’s why I feel that the Group under his leadership as CEO is moving into a pivotal period, like a second founding. I am convinced that the SEGA SAMMY Group, which now stands at a new starting line, will become a stronger, more trusted company going forward. I recognize it is an important responsibility to do all that I can in terms of offering oversight and advice to help accelerate this vital process.
 66
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 67

Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers (As of June 24, 2021) Directors
Directors (External)
Kohei Katsukawa*1
Director of the Board (External)
1974 Joined Sumitomo Bank (now Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation)
2001 Executive Officer, Head of Osaka Corporate Banking Division II of Sumitomo Mitsui
Banking Corporation
2005 Managing Executive Officer, Deputy Head of Wholesale Banking Unit (in charge of East
Japan) of the above
2007 Executive Vice President and Representative Director of NIF SMBC Ventures Co., Ltd.
(now SMBC Venture Capital Co., Ltd.)
2010 President and Representative Director of SMBC Venture Capital Co., Ltd. 2014 President and Representative Director of GINSEN Co., Ltd.
Outside Director of Kyoto University Innovation Capital Co., Ltd. (current position) 2016 Director of the Board (External) of the Company (current position)
Special Advisor of GINSEN Co., Ltd.
Outside Director of ELECOM CO., LTD. (current position) 2017 Director of DX ANTENNA CO., LTD. (current position) 2021 Advisor of GINSEN Co., Ltd. (current position)
     1980 President (Representative Director) of Sammy Industry Co., Ltd. (now Sammy Corporation) 2004 Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of SEGA CORPORATION
Chairman of JAMMA (JAPAN AMUSEMENT MACHINERY MANUFACTURERS ASSOCIATION) (now Japan Amusement Industry Association) (current position) Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of Sammy Corporation
Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of SEGA CORPORATION Chairman, President and CEO (Representative Director) of the Company
2007 President, CEO and COO (Representative Director) of SEGA CORPORATION
2008 Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of the above
2012 Chairman of the Board of Sammy Corporation
2013 Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of the above
2015 Advisor to NDK (current position)
2016 Chairman, President, CEO and COO (Representative Director) of the Company
2017 Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of the Company
Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of Sammy Corporation (current position) Honorary Chairman of the Board of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. (now SEGA CORPORATION) (current position)
2018 Chairman and Group CEO, Representative Director of the Company
Senior Advisor (Director of the Board) of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD. (current position)
2021 Chairman,RepresentativeDirectoroftheCompany(currentposition)
Koichi Fukazawa
Senior Executive Vice President and Group CFO, Director of the Board
1990 Joined The Sanwa Bank, Limited (now MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
2003 Joined Sammy Corporation
Vice President, Executive Officer and Managing Director of President’s Office of the above
2004 Vice President, Executive Officer and Managing Director of President’s Office of the Company
Vice President, Executive Officer and Managing Director of Chairman’s Office and
President’s Office of SEGA CORPORATION
2005 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Chairman’s
Office and President’s Office of the above
2007 President (Representative Director) of SEGA SAMMY ASSET MANAGEMENT INC.
(now MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC.)
Vice President, Senior Executive Officer in charge of the Corporate Strategy and External Affairs of the Company
2008 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of New Business Division of SEGA CORPORATION
2009 Officer of Keizai Doyukai (Japan Association of Corporate Executives) (current position)
President (Representative Director) of SEGASAMMY VISUAL ENTERTAINMENT INC.
(now MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC.)
2014 Senior Executive Vice President (Representative Director) of SEGA TOYS CO., LTD.
2015 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company
2016 Executive Vice President and CFO (Director of the Board) of the Company
2018 Executive Vice President and Group CFO (Director of the Board) of the Company
2020 Senior Executive Vice President and Group CFO, Director of the Board of the Company
(current position)
2021 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of Sammy Corporation (current position)
Haruki Satomi
President and Group CEO (Representative Director)
2004 Joined Sammy Corporation
2005 Joined SEGA CORPORATION
2012 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA CORPORATION 2014 Director of Sammy Corporation
Deputy COO (Representative Director) of SEGA CORPORATION 2015 Deputy COO (Representative Director) of Sammy Corporation 2016 President and COO (Representative Director) of the above
Executive Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company 2017 President and COO (Representative Director) of the Company
President and CEO (Representative Director) of Sammy Corporation (current position) Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of SEGA Games Co., Ltd.
(now SEGA CORPORATION) (current position)
2018 President and Group COO, Representative Director of the Company Chairman of the Board of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD. (current position)
2021 President and Group CEO, Representative Director of the Company (current position) Chairman of the Board of Sammy Networks Co., Ltd. (current position)
Officer of NDK (current position)
Officer of Keizai Doyukai (Japan Association of Corporate Executives) (current position) Director of Nichiden Patent Co., Ltd. (current position)
Hideo Yoshizawa
Senior Vice President, Director of the Board
1987 Joined Japan Leasing Corporation (now Sumitomo Mitsui Finance and Leasing Co., Ltd.) 1999 Manager of Financial Planning Department of the above
2001 Joined Sammy Corporation
2002 Vice President, Executive Officer and Deputy Managing Director of President’s Office of
the above
2004 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Administration
Division of the above
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Corporate Division and President’s Office of the above
2007 Vice President, Senior Executive Officer of the Company
2012 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD. 2015 President (Representative Director) of TAIYO ELEC Co., Ltd.
2016 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd.
(now SEGA CORPORATION)
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Corporate Division of the above
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. (now GENDA SEGA Entertainment Inc.) (current position)
Auditor of Sega Amusements Taiwan Ltd.
2017 Executive Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Corporate Division of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. (now SEGA CORPORATION)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Games Co., Ltd. (now SEGA CORPORATION)
2018 Vice President, Senior Executive Officer and Managing Director of Legal Division of the Company
2019 Director of the Board of the Company
2020 SeniorVicePresident,DirectoroftheBoardoftheCompany(currentposition)
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA CORPORATION (current position)
Naoko Murasaki*1
Director of the Board (External)
1995 Joined the National Police Agency
2001 Northeast Asia Division, Asian and Oceanian Affairs Bureau of Ministry of Foreign Affairs 2003 Chief of 2nd Criminal Investigation Division, Criminal Investigation
Department of Shizuoka Prefectural Police Headquarters 2005 Chief of Foreign Affairs Division, Security Department of Hyogo
Prefectural Police Headquarters
2006 Foreign Affairs Division, Foreign Affairs and Intelligence Department,
Security Bureau of National Police Agency
2007 Security Planning Division, Security Bureau of National Police Agency
2008 Joined Bain & Company Japan Incorporated
2010 Senior Director of Kroll International Inc. (Japan Office)
2013 Associate Managing Director of the above
2015 Head of Japan of the above
2016 Managing Director and Head of Japan of the above
2018 President and Representative Director of Nobligier Co., Ltd. (current position)
Senior Advisor of Kroll International Inc. (Japan Office) (current position) 2021 Outside Director of Sansei Landic Co., Ltd. (current position)
Director of the Board (External) of the Company (current position)
Melanie Brock*1
Director of the Board (External)
1987 Earned Bachelor of School of Humanities at The University of Western Australia 1990 Earned Master of Arts in Japanese, Conference Interpreting and Translation at The
University of Queensland
2003 CEO of AGENDA (now Melanie Brock Advisory Ltd.) (current position) 2010 Board Member of Australia-Japan Foundation
Board Member of Australia Japan Business Co-operation Committee (current position) Chair of Australian and New Zealand Chamber of Commerce in Japan
Regional Manager - Japan of Meat & Livestock Australia
2012 Chair of Australian Business Asia
2016 Chair Emeritus of Australian and New Zealand Chamber of Commerce in Japan
(current position)
2019 Director of the Board (External) of the Company (current position)
Board Member of Australia-Japan Research Center (AJRC) (current position) Global Ambassador of Advance, an initiative supported by Australian Government funding (current position)
Fujiyo Ishiguro*1
Director of the Board (External)
1981 Joined BROTHER INDUSTRIES, LTD. 1988 Joined Swarovski Japan Ltd.
1994 President of Alphametrics, Inc.
1999 Director of Netyear Group, Inc.
Director of Netyear Group Corporation
2000 President & CEO of the above
2013 OutsideAudit&SupervisoryBoardMemberofSompoJapanInsuranceInc. 2014 OutsideDirectorofHottolink,Inc.
Outside Director of Monex Group, Inc. (current position)
2015 Outside Director of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. (now Sompo Japan
Insurance Inc.) (current position)
2019 Officer of Keizai Doyukai (Japan Association of Corporate Executives)
(current position)
2021 Outside Director of WingArc1st Inc. (current position)
Director of Netyear Group Corporation (current position)
Director of the Board (External) of the Company (current position)
    68
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 69
Hajime Satomi
Chairman (Representative Director)
*1 Qualified external director as provided in Paragraph 2, Clause 15 of the Companies Act of Japan

 Financial Information
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Yukito Sakaue
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
2003 Joined Sammy Corporation as Director of Audit Office
2004 Director of Legal Department of Administration Division of the above
2006 Director of Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ Office of
the Company
2014 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member of
SEGA CORPORATION
2015 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Interactive Co., Ltd.
(now SEGA CORPORATION)
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. (now SEGA CORPORATION)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Games Co., Ltd. (now SEGA CORPORATION)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of TMS ENTERTAINMENT CO.,LTD.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd. (now GENDA SEGA Entertainment Inc.)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC.
2017 Audit&SupervisoryBoardMemberofATLUS.CO.,LTD.
2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Logistics Service
Co., Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of DARTSLIVE Co., Ltd.
2020 Audit&SupervisoryBoardMemberofSEGACORPORATION
(current position)
2021 StandingAudit&SupervisoryBoardMemberoftheCompany
(current position)
*2 Qualified external auditor as provided in Paragraph 2, Clause 16 of the Companies Act of Japan
Shione Kinoshita*2
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
1985 Registered as an attorney at law Joined Hashimoto Joint Law Office
1986 Joined Daiichifuyo Law Office (current position)
2004 Vice-President of Dai-ichi Tokyo Bar Association
2010 Visiting Professor of The University of Tokyo Graduate Schools
for Law and Politics
2011 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SURUGA bank Ltd.
2013 Vice President of Tokyo Institute of Technology (current position)
2014 DirectorofJapanLaborLawAssociation(currentposition)
2018 Outside Director of SURUGA bank Ltd.
2021 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External) of the Company
(current position)
    Executive Officers
Yukio Sugino
Executive Vice President, Executive Officer
Takaharu Kato
Vice President, Executive Officer
Makoto Takahashi
Senior Vice President, Executive Officer
Rei Kudo
Vice President, Executive Officer
Toru Nakahara
Senior Vice President, Executive Officer
Hironobu Otsuka
Vice President, Executive Officer
Yoichi Owaki
1995 Joined Century Audit Corporation (now Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC)
2003 Director of Shinnihon Integrity Assurance, Inc. (now Ernst & Young Shinnihon Sustainability Co., Ltd.)
2005 Managing Director of the above
2006 Partner of Ernst & Young ShinNihon (now Ernst & Young
ShinNihon LLC)
2012 Senior Partner of Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
2016 Senior Executive Board Member of the above
2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External) of the Company
(current position)
President and Representative Director of Okubo Associates Inc. (current position)
Outside Director of Sun Frontier Fudousan Co., Ltd. (current position) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of BrainPad Inc. (current position)
Outside Director of LIFULL Co., Ltd. (current position)
2020 OutsideDirectorofSALACorporation(currentposition) Outside Director of The Shoko Chukin Bank, Ltd. (current position) Outside Director of Musashi Seimitsu Industry Co., Ltd.
(current position)
President and Representative Director of K.K. SS Dnaform (current position)
    Senior Vice President, Executive Officer
Koji Takeyama
Vice President, Executive Officer
Yuka Ichiki
Vice President, Executive Officer
HUMANKINDTM
©Amplitude Studios 2021. ©SEGA.
     70
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 71
Kazutaka Okubo*2
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
  Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
Long-Term Trends
Sales and profits are rising in the Entertainment Contents Business, supported by an increase in the number of platformer. We forecast sus- tained growth in the business going forward.
However, sales and profits in the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business continue to decline amid major changes in the market environment due to tighter regulations. Despite those challenges, we are moving ahead with an increase in business efficiency, driven mainly by cost improvements.
Comparing FY2020/3 and FY2021/3
(FY2021/3)
Net sales: ¥277.7 billion
Ordinary income: ¥1.7 billion
0.6%
277.7
1.7 0.6%
Full year
Ordinary income margin:
   Main Causes of the Decline in Earnings
Declining Earnings within Existing Businesses amid Market Contraction
SAMMY Unit Sales / Pachislot and Pachinko Market Size Thousands of units / Billions of yen
Improvement in Profitability
Earning Growth in Consumer Area
Consumer Area Net Sales
Billions of yen
1Q
Net sales
        525.8
357.6 138
’17
135.7
’21 (FY)
Through 2Q
Through 3Q
Full year
Billions of yen
YoY Change –24% –12% –51% –39% – –23% –26%
–13%
–76% 69% – – – –5.2pt –13% 38% –93% 829% 3,258% – – –91% – – –
1Q
Through 2Q
Through 3Q
  215
’18
’19
35.6
’13
Summary of Consolidated Financial Statements
2020 Net sales 366.5 Entertainment Contents Business 247.6 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business 108.5 Resort Business 10.4 Other and eliminations 0 Cost of sales 230.0 Gross profit 136.5
2021
320.4 184.4 69
35
’20 ’21
FY2020/3
Ordinary income margin
FY2021/3
Billions of yen
    Ordinary income
  277.7
217.8
53.1
6.3
0.5
176.9
100.7
94.2
6.5
27.9
–10.6
–4.1
–6.7
2.3%
2.8
7.6
1.7
28.8
40.3
–9.8
–11.7
1.2
30
5.42
1,236.82
Pachislot machine unit sales
Source: Yano Research Institute Ltd. “Pachinko Manufacturer Trends 2021”
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business Operating Income
Pachinko machine unit sales (SEGA SAMMY unit sales)
Pachinko machine market size (Settlement dates from July to June: Market size)
Pachislot machine market size
  Entertainment Contents Business Profitability Improvement
Net Sales (Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business)
  Billions of yen
45.2
’14 ’15 ’16
Billions of yen
14.8 11.1
27.9
’21
Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses
Entertainment Contents Business Operating Income
Net sales dropped sharply year on year, reflecting a slump in demand for new regulation machines due to an extension of the deadline for the removal of previous regulation machines.
Operating income (Entertainment Contents Business)
The Consumer area contributed to a large increase in operating income year on year.
Extraordinary income/ losses
Structural reforms resulted in the booking of substantial extraor- dinary income and losses.
Change in Segment Operating Income (Losses)
       16.5 9.8
108.8 Operating income (losses) 27.6
      ’17 ’18
’19 ’20
–10.6
’21
’17
’18
’19
’20
Entertainment Contents Business 16.5 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business 23.2 Resort Business –3.6 Other and eliminations –8.5
Operating income margin 7.5% Non-operating income 3.2 Non-operating expenses 5.5 Ordinary income 25.2 Extraordinary income 3.1 Extraordinary losses 1.2 Income before income taxes 27.1 Total income taxes 13.1 Profit attributable to owners of parent 13.7 Cash dividends per share (Yen) 40 Net income per share (Yen) 58.65 Net assets per share (Yen) 1,251.02
 (FY)
(FY)
Billions of yen
+11.4
Pachislot and Pachinko
 Entertainment Contents Business
 Long-Term Trends in Net Sales and Operating Income
   Billions of yen
396.7 68.7
’11
Net sales
27.6
           277.7
       Resort Business
–0.5
Other and eliminations
     ’12
Operating income
’13
’14
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
’20
’21
6.5
(FY)
MachinesBusiness –33.8 FY2020/3
+1.8 6.5 FY2021/3
  Consolidated: –¥21.1 billion
  72
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 73

  Consolidated Financial Position
Long-Term Trends
In the fiscal year ended March 2011, total assets started trending Total Assets and Equity Ratio upwards due to an increase in goodwill accompanying acquisitions Billions of yen / %
in the Entertainment Contents Business, the Group’s initiatives in
preparation for participation in the Integrated Resort (IR) business, 458.6
Consolidated Cash Flows
Long-Term Trends
With the exception of certain fiscal periods, the Group has continued to record net cash outflows in investing activities due to M&As in growth areas and strategic investments to raise production capacity. Since the fiscal year 2011, the Group has been investing in organiza- tional restructuring. These efforts included investments to make three listed subsidiaries into wholly owned subsidiaries. In addition, the Group is investing actively in such growth areas as the Integrated Resort (IR) business and the Consumer area. Through a cash man- agement system, the Group uses internal capital efficiently. Also, the Group uses a range of methods to support liquidity and meet invest- ment needs flexibly, including borrowings and bond issuance.
FY2021/3 Cash Flows
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal year ended March 2021 amounted to ¥154,540 million, down ¥4,077 million from the previous fiscal year-end.
Cash Flows
Billions of yen
        and an increase in investment securities accompanying new invest-
ment in growth areas. In recent years, however, total assets have 60% again been trending downward, reflecting a decrease in cash and
deposits accompanying relocation of the head office, a decrease in
securities, and the redemption of bonds.
Despite earnings volatility stemming from the presence or
absence of hit products, which is the nature of the Group’s busi-
nesses, the equity ratio remained steady and the Group continued
to invest in growth fields and pay stable dividends. ’11
’12
’13
’14
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
’20
421.5 69%
’21
(FYE)
’11 ’12 ’13
’14
’15
’16 ’17
’18
’19
’20
30.244.0 –6.3
’21
(FY)
Billions of yen
–9.8
–7.5
–7.2
14.8
15.2
–7.3
18.1
21.2
–13.3
–10.0
–7.0
     Comparing FY2020/3 and FY2021/3
Assets Billionsofyen
2020 84.6 17.9 86.6
–16.0 –3.0 –25.0 +7.3 2021
Total investments Total intangible and other assets assets
–¥16.0 billion –¥3.0 billion Sale of investment securi-
ties as part of structural reforms
LiabilitiesandNetAssets Billionsofyen
Breakdown of Cash Flows
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Loss before income taxes
Income taxes paid
Extra retirement payments
Depreciation and amortization
Gain on sales of noncurrent assets
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Total assets
Equity ratio
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flows
      296.8
 161.4
     268.9
458.2
421.5
458.2
421.5
Consolidated Cash Flows
Billions of yen
158.6
Cash and cash equivalents
2020
Net cash provided by investing activities
  +30.4 operating activities
–6.3
154.5
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
      –5.6
–31.1
Net cash used in
Net cash used in financing activities
–31.4
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Repayment of long-term loans payable
Redemption of bonds
Cash dividends paid
           291.2
 130.3
    68.6 14.
9 61.6
276.2
  74
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 75
Total property, Total current
Total net assets
–¥5.6 billion
The Company recorded profit attributable to owners of parent and foreign currency translation adjustment increased, but total shareholders’ equity fell due to cash dividends paid, and valuation differ- ence on available-for-sale securities declined.
Total liabilities
Net cash used in operating activities
–¥6.3 billion
Operating activities used net cash of ¥6,384 million (compared with an inflow of ¥38,537 million in the previous fiscal year), mainly reflecting depreciation and amortization of ¥14,826 million and income tax refund received of ¥1,464 million, outweighed by a loss before income taxes of ¥9,844 million, income taxes paid of ¥7,558 million, and extra retirement payments of ¥7,260 million related to structural reforms.
Net cash provided by investing activities
+¥30.4 billion
Investing activities provided net cash of ¥30,473 million (compared with an outflow of ¥15,464 million in the previous fiscal year), mainly reflecting ¥7,350 million for the purchase of property, plant and equipment and ¥6,849 million for the purchase of intangible assets, outweighed by proceeds of ¥21,203 million from sales of investment securities and ¥18,125 million from sales of property, plant and equipment due to a review of non-business assets on the balance sheet as part of structural reforms.
Net cash used in financing activities
–¥31.4 billion
Financing activities used net cash of ¥31,492 million (compared with an outflow of ¥10,956 million in the previous fiscal year), mainly reflecting cash used of ¥13,331 million for repayment of long-term loans payable, ¥10,000 million for redemption of bonds, and ¥7,063 million for cash dividends paid.
plant and equipment
–¥25.0 billion
assets
–¥31.1 billion
Interest-bearing debt and income taxes receivable declined
+¥7.3 billion
Cash and deposits and notes and accounts receivable – trade declined, while inventories and income tax refund receivable increased
Cash and cash equivalents
2021

  Non-Financial Assets
HumanCapital
Consolidated Employee Numbers
At the end of the fiscal year ended March 2021, the consolidated number of employees was 7,535, down 1,263 from the previous fiscal year-end due to a voluntary early retirement program as part of structural reforms and the exclusion of a Group company from the scope of consolidation.
Basic Data
21300 MarketSizesandNumberofPachinkoandPachislotPlayers
       Consolidated Employee Numbers
Employee Numbers by Segment
        People
People
8,798*1
7,535 170
6,000
’11 ’12
Other leisure market (Trillions of yen)
Pachinko and pachislot players (Millions of people) (CY)
6,700 7,008
619 165 595
1,598 1,612
’21 ’17 ’18
640
1,567
’19
699 445
’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08
Pachinko and pachislot machine market (Trillions of yen)
’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20
7,472 7,888 7,606 7,639 7,726 7,993
458*2
707 457
1,399
’20
-1000
24.5 23.2
                ’13 ’14 ’15
’16 ’17
’18 ’19
’20
1,022
’21
*1 Total employees in the Entertainment Contents Business will increase due to the conversion of fixed-term to permanent labor contracts (about 440 people). *2 Increase in seconded employees due to cross-group organizational restructuring centered on management functions.
IP
R&D Expenses and Content Production Expenses
0
’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20
(FYE)
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business Resort Business Corporate
Entertainment Contents Business
(FYE)
The Group is actively investing in R&D and content production in order to reinforce its intellectual property – the source of the Group’s competi- tiveness. In recent years, the Group has stepped up its focus on investing in the Consumer area in order to expand its product and service lineup over the medium term. In the fiscal year ended March 2021, R&D and content production expenses were ¥61.9 billion, down ¥14.6 billion year on year, reflecting a decline in the number of new titles.
2,003 1,647
1,635
1,744
0.36 1,687
604
0.27 1,665
452
17.90
33.9
17.10
34.8
16.60
33.6
14.50
30.1
15.80
28.8
17.20
28.2
16.70
25.9
12.60
11.10 9.70
46.5
25.4 25.6 25.0
11.50
10.70
9.40 9.00 9.50 8.90
7.10
40.6 22.7 21.4 20.7 20.0 14.6
51.8
14,674
13,585
51.8
12,937
51.8
12,652
51.2
12,479
48.7
Source: White Paper on Leisure Industry 2021, Japan Productivity Center
255000 NumbersofPachinkoHallsandInstalledPachinkoandPachislotMachinesperPachinkoHall
427.7
435.3
443.3
336.5 337.9
349.8 356.2 365.0
Number of pachinko halls (Halls) Number of installed pachinko and pachislot machines per pachinko hall (Machines) Source: National Police Agency
Pachislot Machines: Number of Installed Machines, Unit Sales, and Annual Turnover
(FY)
0.34 0.30 1,637 1,572
562 474
0.82 1.07
0.63
1,448 913
0.57 0.70
1,347 1,390 766 979
0.85
1,474 1,259
0.86
1,549 1,326
0.87 0.75
1,602 1,643 1,392 1,233
0.58
1,661 968
0.52 1,691
887
12,323
49.0
371.9 378.0
387.8 395.4 405.0
411.9
418.7
46.7
12,149
11,893
47.4
11,627
48.5
11,310
49.2
10,986
49.3
10,596
50.4
10,060
51.2
52.2
               5,257
5,349
5,328
6,235
5,369
9,639
9,035
                      Reference
Recognition of R&D Expenses and Content Production Expenses by Product and Service
The Group undertakes stable, long-term investment in R&D and content production with the aim of creating and strengthening IPs—which are a source of the Group’s competitiveness—and continuously generating earnings. The method and timing of expense recognition differs based on development lead times and product lifecycles.
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Expenses are recognized as they arise (process outsourcing expenses recognized when work is inspected).
Consumer area
Expenses are recognized as inventory assets or intangible assets during development and booked as expenses after launch.
A large proportion of expenses associated with full games are incurred in the first three months after launch, so the Group spreads the booking of expenses over a period of 24 months. Free-to-play titles are mainly amortized over a period of 24 months using the straight-line method.
Amusement Machine Sales area
Expenses are recognized as inventory assets during development period and booked as expenses after launch.
Expenses are mainly amortized over a period of 12 months. A large proportion of expenses associated with amusement machines are incurred in the first two months after launch, so the Group spreads the booking of expenses over a period of 12 months.
                      76
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 77
51.5
’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20 Number of installed pachislot machines (Thousands of machines) Pachislot machine unit sales (Thousands of machines) Pachislot machine annual turnover (Times) (FY)
Sources: National Police Agency and Yano Research Institute Ltd. “Pachinko Manufacturer Trends 2021”
Pachinko Machines: Number of Installed Machines, Unit Sales, and Annual Turnover
1.31 1.07 1.09 1.06 0.92 0.84 0.82 0.69 0.68 0.65 0.54 0.51 0.52 0.38 0.36
3,837 2,932
3,173 2,954
3,339 3,332 3,076 3,158
3,163 2,9003,107 3,042 2,603 2,494
3,009 2,065
2,954 2,019
2,918 1,886
2,833 1,542
2,749 1,408
2,637 2,557
’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20
Number of installed pachinko machines (Thousands of machines) Pachinko machine unit sales (Thousands of machines) Pachinko machine annual turnover (Times) (FY) Sources: National Police Agency and Yano Research Institute Ltd. “Pachinko Manufacturer Trends 2021”
1,377
963
2,432 867

Results of Pachislot Machine Prototype Testing
37.0% 27.4% 22.5% 19.4% 20.7% 22.5% 24.2% 26.7% 25.3% 22.6% 21.0%
21.6% 16.9% 16.7% 13.1% 20.0% 24.6% 26.2%
30.8%
17.8% 23.8%
30.6% 30.4%
85
19.7% 28.0% 28.7% 94
Company Profile / Stock Information
 82
80
91
84 84 90
11 14 11
84
73 80 13
79 76 75
19 26 24 15 21 27
Company Profile
Company name
Address
URL
Established
Capital
Principal business
Stock Information (As of March 31, 2021)
Number of shares authorized for issue
Total shares issued and outstanding
Number of shareholders
Major Shareholders (As of March 31, 2021)
    73 71 20 16
67
13
75 75
74
65
69
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower, 1-1-1 Nishi-Shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0033, Japan
https://www.segasammy.co.jp/english/
October 1, 2004
¥29,953 million (As of March 31, 2021)
Management of SEGA SAMMY Group as the holding company
                        17 18 22 20 19
62 62
27 14 13 10
16
65 18 17 22 20
 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
 FY2020/3
Pachislot machine prototypes issued Number of pachislot machines approved
FY2021/3
Pachislot machine approval rate
32.8% 34.8% 37.3% 40.8% 35.5% 50.0% 49.4% 46.5% 37.0% 40.4% 39.3% 31.7%
104 25.6%
FY2022/3
  Source: Security Communications Association
Results of Pachinko Machine Prototype Testing
51.4% 50.6% 46.5% 50.5% 39.8% 34.3% 41.1% 39.3% 85 9593
28.4% 8174
27.0%
800,000,000
266,229,476
63,903
 25.9%
25.9%
25.0%
     72 71
37 43 33
75 76 77 73 84 78
                    48
70 61 56
6169 71 64 71
32 38 33
63 6368 42 33
20 20 17 17
  37
24 23 24 21 2127
20 24 28 29 27
27
7
 Name of shareholder
Shares held
Shares ratio
7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
FY2020/3
Pachinko machine prototypes issued Number of pachinko machines approved
Source: Security Communications Association
Game Contents Market Size
Trillions of yen
FY2021/3
Pachinko machine approval rate
FY2022/3
24
HS Company
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account) FSC Co., Ltd.
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
Hajime Satomi
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505001 KOREA SECURITIES DEPOSITORY-SAMSUNG
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 140044
Haruki Satomi
Breakdown of Shareholders
Treasury stock
35,308,000 31,142,581 15,314,700 13,682,840
8,380,000 7,833,638 6,271,472 5,648,300 3,831,676 3,723,161
13.26% 11.69% 5.75% 5.13% 3.14% 2.94% 2.35% 2.12% 1.43% 1.39%
Financial institutions
                     10
’15
2 22224
1143446
1 1 3 3 5 5 5 5 12244
233 9 345567788
3
1222222223
         ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
’20
’21 ’22
(Forecast) (Forecast)
’23 ’24
(Forecast) (Forecast)
(CY)
Japan
Source: Created based on Newzoo Global Games Market Data June 2021, 1USD = 110JPY
Asia N. America Europe Others
Domestic Amusement Machine Sales and Revenues from Amusement Center Operations
Billions of yen
Number of Amusement Facilities and Amusement Machine Units Installed
403,553 377,825 362,099 354,463 349,835 340,383 342,211
Financial institutions
Treasury stock
11.7% 18.1%
11.7% 15.8%
              456.4 422.2 175.0 161.1
433.8 462.0 156.9 157.4
485.9 152.9
520.1 540.8 161.7 164.7
4,542
4,381
4,193
4,022
3,931
As of March 31,
As of March 31, 17.9% 2021
5,439
4,856
Japanese
individuals and
other 2020
20.2%
Foreign institutions and individuals
27.3%
Securities companies
1.6%
Other companies
21.1%
Japanese individuals and other
Securities companies
2.1%
Other companies
21.0%
      78
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 79
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (CY)
Foreign institutions and individuals
31.5%
Amusement machine sales Revenues from amusement center operations Source: Japan Amusement Industry Association
Number of amusement facilities
Source: National Police Agency
Number of amusement machine units installed

Consolidated Financial Statements
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2020 and 2021
Assets
Current assets
2020
Millions of yen
2021
2020
17,834 13,331 10,000
3,383 15,347 7,891 808 29 101 17,419 86,147
10,000 42,003 3,434 4,176 2,165 4,847 420 8,215 75,263 161,410
29,953 118,564 206,334
(53,555) 301,296
4,470 (596) (1,109) (8,480) (1,478) (7,193)
813 1,941 296,858 ¥458,268
Millions of yen
2021
                    ¥154,972
 38,176
 721
 7,514
 31,941
 13,456
 10,365
 19,447
 (298)
 276,295
   74,670
 (46,451)
 28,219
 12,687
 (11,220)
 1,467
 7,285
 (6,320)
 964
 18,396
 1,239
 50,118
 (38,788)
 11,330
 61,617
  4,711
 10,288
 14,999
  38,323
 383
 8,075
 4,376
 13,272
 4,667
 (413)
 68,686
 145,304
 ¥421,599
     ¥ 16,994
 —
 —
 839
 15,713
 8,372
 732
 311
 105
 16,708
 59,777
  10,000
 42,000
 4,808
 4,542
 778
 2,933
 420
 5,083
 70,566
 130,343
    29,953
 118,048
 200,551
 (53,561)
 294,991
  1,930
 (725)
 (1,109)
 (3,867)
 (459)
 (4,231)
 —
 496
 291,256
 ¥421,599
  Cash and deposits ¥159,013 Notes and accounts receivable—trade 40,408 Short-term investment securities 5,398 Merchandise and finished goods 8,218 Work in process 20,235 Raw materials and supplies 18,554 Income taxes receivable 4,836 Other 12,613 Allowance for doubtful accounts (302) Total current assets 268,976
Noncurrent assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures 88,143
Accumulated depreciation (50,703)
Buildings and structures, net 37,439 Machinery, equipment and vehicles 12,530
Accumulated depreciation (10,739)
Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net 1,790 Amusement machines and facilities 46,066
Accumulated depreciation (32,927)
Amusement machines and facilities, net 13,139 Land 21,177 Construction in progress 1,418 Other 53,997
Accumulated depreciation (42,314)
Other, net 11,683 Total property, plant and equipment 86,649
Intangible assets
Goodwill 5,878 Other 12,090 Total intangible assets 17,969
Investments and other assets
Investment securities 55,046 Long-term loans receivable 1,117 Lease and guarantee deposits 13,888 Net defined benefit assets 3,076 Deferred tax assets 1,215 Other 10,779 Allowance for doubtful accounts (450) Total investments and other assets 84,673
Total noncurrent assets 189,292 Total assets ¥458,268
See accompanying notes.
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable—trade Short-term loans payable
Current portion of bonds
Income taxes payable
Accrued expenses
Provision for bonuses
Provision for directors’ bonuses Provision for point card certificates Asset retirement obligations
Other
Total current liabilities
Noncurrent liabilities
Bonds payable
Long-term loans payable
Lease obligations
Net defined benefit liability
Deferred tax liabilities
Asset retirement obligations
Provision for dismantling of fixed assets Other
Total noncurrent liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity Capital stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Revaluation reserve for land
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Subscription rights to shares Non-controlling interests Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
¥
                                                                                                                                                                      80
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 81
See accompanying notes.

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
Net sales
Cost of sales (Notes 7 (1) and (2)) Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income
Other income (expenses)
Interest income
Dividends income
Gain on investments in partnership
Foreign exchange gains
Interest expenses
Equity in losses of affiliates
Commission fee
Loss on investments in partnership
Foreign exchange losses
Loss on retirement of noncurrent assets
Rent expenses
Gain on sales of noncurrent assets (Note 7 (3))
Gain on sales of investment securities
Gain on reversal of restructuring loss
Loss on sales of noncurrent assets (Note 7 (4)) Impairment loss (Note 7 (5))
Loss on valuation of investment securities
Loss on sales of shares of subsidiaries and affiliates Early extra retirement payments
Loss on COVID-19
Structural reform expenses
Other, net
Subtotal
Income (loss) before income taxes
Income taxes—current
Income taxes—deferred
Total income taxes
Profit
(Breakdown)
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method Total other comprehensive income (Note 7 (6))
Comprehensive income (Breakdown)
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
See accompanying notes.
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
 Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥366,594 230,092 136,502 108,859
27,643
247 435 616 329 (475)
(2,805) (137) (421)
— (193) (84)
2,917 104 30
(0) (371) (573) (172) (32)
—
— 48
(538) 27,104 5,314 7,817 13,131 13,972
13,775 197
(9,583) 6
(2,427) (1,018) (1,724)
(14,747) (774)
(967) 192
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Balances as of April 1, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of consolidated subsidiaries Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change of scope of consolidation
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions
with non-controlling interests
Tax effect adjustments relating to changes in past years’ equity Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period Balances as of March 31, 2020
Balances as of April 1, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of consolidated subsidiaries Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change of scope of consolidation
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions
with non-controlling interests
Tax effect adjustments relating to changes in past years’ equity Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period Balances as of March 31, 2020
Balances as of April 1, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of consolidated subsidiaries Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change of scope of consolidation
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions
with non-controlling interests
Tax effect adjustments relating to changes in past years’ equity Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period Balances as of March 31, 2020
Capital stock ¥29,953
29,953
Capital surplus ¥117,142
117,142
(39)
(33)
880 614
1,421 ¥118,564
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings ¥201,889 135 202,024
(9,390) 13,775 10
(85)
4,309 ¥206,334
Treasury stock ¥(54,168)
(54,168)
(8) 622
613 ¥(53,555)
Millions of yen
Total shareholders’ equity
¥294,816 135 294,952
(9,390) 13,775 10
(8) 582
(85) (33)
880 614
6,344 ¥301,296
Millions of yen
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥ 7,832 (283)
7,548
                ¥277,748
 176,973
 100,775
 94,221
 6,553
  136
 356
 1,404
 —
 (470)
 (5,662)
 (97)
 (208)
 (487)
 (294)
 —
 15,258
 11,266
 —
 (0)
 (3,347)
 (0)
 —
 —
 (2,822)
 (34,191)
 2,761
 (16,397)
 (9,844)
 478
 (12,200)
 (11,722)
 1,877
  1,274
 602
  (2,534)
 8
 4,651
 968
 (127)
 2,966
 4,843
  4,236
 ¥ 606
                                                                                                                    — ¥29,953
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
¥14,354 (283)
14,071
Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                   Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Revaluation reserve for land
¥(1,109) (1,109)
Foreign currency translation adjustment
¥(4,888) (4,888)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
¥ (524) (524)
           ¥
— —
                                                                                                                 (9,600)
(9,600) ¥ 4,470
Subscription rights to shares
¥912 912
(596)
—
— ¥(1,109)
Millions of yen
Total net assets ¥305,337
(147) 305,189
(9,390) 13,775 10
(8) 582
(85) (33)
880
614 (14,676) (8,331)
¥296,858
(3,591)
(3,591) ¥(8,480)
(954)
(954) ¥(1,478)
(14,742)
(14,742) ¥ (7,193)
       (596) ¥(596)
Non-controlling interests
¥1,776 1,776
                                                                                                            ¥
(98)
(98) ¥813
165
165 ¥1,941
              82
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 83
See accompanying notes.

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
 Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Balances as of April 1, 2020
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of consolidated subsidiaries Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change of scope of consolidation
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions
with non-controlling interests
Tax effect adjustments relating to changes in past years’ equity Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period Balances as of March 31, 2021
Balances as of April 1, 2020
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of consolidated subsidiaries Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change of scope of consolidation
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions
with non-controlling interests
Tax effect adjustments relating to changes in past years’ equity Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period Balances as of March 31, 2021
Balances as of April 1, 2020
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of consolidated subsidiaries Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change of scope of consolidation
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions
with non-controlling interests
Tax effect adjustments relating to changes in past years’ equity Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period Balances as of March 31, 2021
See accompanying notes.
Shareholders’ equity Retained earnings
¥206,334 206,334
(7,052) 1,274
(4)
(5,782) ¥200,551
Millions of yen
Total shareholders’ equity
¥301,296 — 301,296
(7,052) 1,274
(4) (11)
5
(88) (427)
(6,304) ¥294,991
Millions of yen
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
2020
Millions of yen
2021
¥ (9,844) 14,826 3,347 34,191
(1,528) (15,258)
294 (11,248)
0 (1,195)
1,908 (47) (87)
100
362 (493) 470 (559)
5,662 632
(8,080) (593) (2,267) (3,601)
6,989 477
(497) (7,260) (7,558)
1,464 (6,384)
                Capital stock
¥29,953 29,953
Capital surplus
¥118,564 118,564
(0)
(88) (427)
(516) ¥118,048
Treasury stock
¥(53,555) (53,555)
(11) 5
(5) ¥(53,561)
Income (loss) before income taxes ¥ 27,104 Depreciation and amortization 17,193 Impairment loss 371 Structural reform expenses — Amount of transfer of equipment by amusement center operation business (4,317) Loss (gain) on sales of noncurrent assets (2,916) Loss on retirement of noncurrent assets 193 Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities (2) Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities 281 Loss (gain) on investments in partnership (195) Amortization of goodwill 2,043 Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts 70 Increase (decrease) in provision for directors’ bonuses 339 Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability 81 Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses 2,450 Interest and dividends income (682) Interest expenses 475 Foreign exchange losses (gains) 69 Equity in (earnings) losses of affiliates 2,805 Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable—trade (2,811) Decrease (increase) in inventories 2,862 Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable—trade (6,582) Increase (decrease) in guarantee deposits received (770) Other, net 4,955 Subtotal 43,019 Interest and dividends income received 728 Interest expenses paid (460) Extra retirement payments — Income taxes paid (6,955) Income taxes refund 2,205 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ¥ 38,537
See accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                                — ¥29,953
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
¥ 4,470 4,470
Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                     Deferred gains or losses on hedges
¥(596) (596)
Revaluation reserve for land
¥(1,109) (1,109)
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
              ¥(8,480) ¥(1,478) ¥(7,193) —
(8,480) (1,478) (7,193)
                                                                                                                         (2,540)
(2,540) ¥ 1,930
Subscription rights to shares
¥ 813 813
(813)
(813) ¥ —
(129)
(129) ¥(725)
Non-controlling interests
¥ 1,941 1,941
(1,444) (1,444)
—
— ¥(1,109)
Millions of yen Total net assets
¥296,858 — 296,858
(7,052) 1,274
(4) (11)
5 — —
(88) (427)
703 (5,601)
4,612
4,612 ¥(3,867)
1,019
1,019 ¥ (459)
2,961
2,961 ¥(4,231)
                              ¥
                                                                        ¥
496
¥291,256
    84
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 85

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
1 Basis of Presenting Consolidated Financial Statements
      Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchase of short-term investment securities
Proceeds from redemption of securities
Purchase of trust beneficiary right
Proceeds from sales of trust beneficiary right
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Proceeds from redemption of investment securities
Payments for investment in partnerships
Proceeds from distribution of investment in partnerships
Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation Payments for sales of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation Proceeds from sales of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation Purchase of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliates
Payments of loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Reduction of investments in trusts
Payments for lease deposits
Collection of lease deposits
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Proceeds from long-term loans payable Repayment of long-term loans payable Proceeds from issuance of bonds Redemption of bonds
Purchase of treasury stock
Purchase of treasury stock of subsidiaries
Proceeds from exercise of stock options
Cash dividends paid
Payments from changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Increase in cash and cash equivalents from newly consolidated subsidiaries
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents resulting from change in accounting period of consolidated subsidiaries
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
See accompanying notes.
Millions of yen 2020 2021
(36) —
(5,000) 3,000 (1,894) 2,514
(10,036) 4,315
(7,103) (566)
410
821 (1,257)
1,279 (1,383) (85)
640 (157) (2,704)
2,689 1,000
(659) 875
(2,129) (15,464)
14,956 (13,352)
9,933 (12,500) (8)
— 430
(9,395)
(47) (971) (10,956) (1,574)
10,541 148,064 16
(5) ¥158,617
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan and its related accounting regulations, and in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to application and disclosure requirements from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).
The accounts of the Company’s overseas subsidiaries are based on their accounting records maintained in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles prevailing in the respective countries of domicile. However, necessary adjustments are made upon con- solidation for 2020 and 2021. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been restructured and translated into English (with certain expanded disclosure) from the consolidated
financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with Japanese GAAP and filed with the appropriate Local Finance Bureau of the Ministry of Finance as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Certain supplementary information included in the statutory Japanese-language consolidated financial statements is not presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Each amount of the accompanying consolidated financial statements is rounded down to the nearest one million yen.
In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, certain reclassifications have been made in order to present them in a form which is more familiar to readers outside Japan. Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2020 consolidated financial statements to conform to the classifications used in 2021. These changes had no impact on previously reported results of operations or shareholders’ equity.
   ¥ (8,036)
 8,000
 —
 5,200
 (809)
 808
 (7,350)
 18,125
 (6,849)
 (61)
 21,203
 415
 (763)
 789
 —
 (6,953)
 —
 (98)
 (5,677)
 7,411
 2,400
 (553)
 497
 2,776
 30,473
  —
 (13,331)
 —
 (10,000)
 (11)
 (91)
 4
 (7,063)
 (7)
 (991)
 (31,492)
 3,311
 (4,091)
 158,617
 —
 13
 ¥154,540
  ¥
                            2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 1. Scope of consolidation
      (1) Number of consolidated subsidiaries: 63
Companies excluded from the scope of consolidation from the current fiscal year were SEGA Interactive Co., Ltd. and one other company, due to them being merged into SEGA CORPORATION in an absorption-type merger, and SEGA ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. and one other company, due to transfer of their shares.
In addition, f4samurai, Inc. was excluded from the scope of consolidation and included in the scope of application of equity method due to transfer of a portion of its shares.
(2) Number of non-consolidated subsidiaries: 10
Non-consolidated subsidiaries are excluded from the scope of consolidation because the combined amount of each of assets, net sales and net income corresponding to the percentage of equity interest held by the Company, and the combined amount of retained earnings corresponding to the percentage of equity interest held by the Company, do not have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements.
2. Application of the equity method
(1) Number of non-consolidated subsidiaries accounted for under the equity method: —
GO GAME PTE. LTD. and other five non-consolidated subsidiaries were excluded from the scope of application of equity method due to transfer of their shares.
(2) Number of affiliated companies accounted for under the equity method: 11
f4samurai, Inc. was excluded from the scope of consolidation and included in the scope of application of equity method due to transfer of a portion of its shares.
1App, Inc. was excluded from the scope of application of equity method due to transfer of its shares.
(3) Number of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies which are not accounted for under the equity method: 11
Some of the Company’s non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates are not accounted for under the equity method because the combined amount of net income corresponding to the percentage of equity interest held by the Company, and the combined amount of retained earnings corresponding to the percentage of equity interest held by the Company do not have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements even if they are excluded from the scope of equity method, and have no significance as a whole.
3. Accounting policies
(1) Valuationandaccountingtreatmentforimportantassets
1) Held-to-maturity debt securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities are stated at amortized cost method (the straight-line method)
2) Available-for-sale securities
Securities with fair market value:
Securities with fair market value are stated at fair market value. The difference between acquisition cost and market value is accounted for as valuation difference on available-for-sale securities in net assets, with cost of sales determined by the moving-average method.
With respect to compound financial instruments whose fair values cannot be categorized and measured for each embedded derivative, the entire compound financial instruments are appraised by fair value, and unrealized gains or losses are reported as income or expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Securities without quoted market prices:
                                                    86
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 87

88
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 89
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Securities without quoted market prices are carried at cost, which is determined by the moving-average method.
The net amount of equity included in the Company’s financial statements from limited liability investment partnerships and similar investments, regarded as marketable securities under Article 2-2 of the Financial Investment and Exchange Law of Japan, is calculated based on the relevant financial statements for the partnership available as of the reporting date stipulated in the partnership agreement.
3) Derivatives
Derivatives are stated at fair market value.
4) Inventories
Inventories are stated at cost, cost being determined mainly by the gross-average method (or at the net realizable value (NRV) calculated by writing down the book value to reflect a decrease in the NRV).
Work in process is also stated at cost, cost being determined by the specific identification method (or at the NRV calculated by writing down the book value to reflect a decrease in the NRV).
(2) Depreciation and amortization for important assets
1) Property, plant and equipment (excluding lease assets) Depreciation is calculated primarily using the straight-line method. Range of useful life for the assets is as follows:
Buildings and structures: 2–50 years
Machinery, equipment and vehicles: 2–12 years
Amusement machines and facilities: 2–5 years
2) Intangible assets (excluding lease assets)
Amortization is calculated using the straight-line method. The software used in the Company is amortized by the straight-line method based on the useful lives within the Company (less than 5 years).
3) Lease assets
Finance leases which transfer ownership:
Depreciation method for such assets is the same as that which applies to property, plant and equipment owned by the Company. Finance leases which do not transfer ownership:
Depreciated by using the straight-line method assuming the useful life equals to the lease period with a residual value of zero.
4) Right-of-use assets
The lease period or the useful life of the asset, whichever is shorter, is used as the useful life, and the residual value is calculated as zero.
(3) Accounting for deferred assets
Bond issue cost: All expenses are expensed when incurred.
(4) Accounting for allowances and provisions
1) Allowance for doubtful accounts
Allowance for doubtful accounts is provided in the amount sufficient to cover possible losses based on a historical write-off of general receivables.
Receivables with default possibility and bankrupt receivables are calculated based on an individual assessment of the possibility of collection.
2) Provision for bonuses
The estimated amount of bonuses was recorded to meet the payment of employee bonuses, an amount corresponding to the current fiscal year.
3) Provision for directors’ bonuses
The estimated amount of bonuses was recorded to meet the payment of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ bonuses, an amount corresponding to the current fiscal year.
4) Provision for point card certificates
In order to provide for the usage of points granted to customers under the point system, the estimated future usage amount for the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 has been recorded.
5) Provision for dismantling of fixed assets
To provide for expenses for dismantling unused decrepit buildings, estimated future expenses are recorded.
(5) Accounting method for retirement benefits
1) Attribution method for projected retirement benefits:
In calculating retirement benefits obligations, benefit-formula attribution is adopted for the purpose of attributing projected retire- ment benefits to the period up to the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
2) Treatment of actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs: Prior service costs are amortized equally over a certain number of years (10 years in principle) within the average remaining years of service for the employees at the time of accrual, or are charged to income collectively at the time of accrual. Actuarial gains and losses are amortized by the straight-line method over a certain number of years (10 years in principle) within average remaining years of service for the employees at the time of accrual in each fiscal year, commencing from the following fiscal year after the accrual for each employee, or are charged to income collectively in the following fiscal year after the accrual.
(6) Accounting for significant hedge
1) Hedge accounting
The Group adopts deferred hedge accounting. However, special treatment is used for qualifying interest rate swap transactions. Moreover, allocation hedge accounting is applied to qualifying currency swap transactions and forward exchange contracts.
2) Hedging instruments and hedged items
Hedging instrument: Currency swaps, interest rate swaps, and forward exchange contracts
Hedged item: Interest on loans payable, receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies
3) Hedge policy
Derivative instruments are used to mitigate risks associated with foreign exchange and interest rate fluctuations.
As a rule, hedging is only used for items in which actual demand exists, and not for speculative purposes.
4) Evaluation of hedge effectiveness
Hedge effectiveness is evaluated through comparative analysis of the cumulative fluctuations in the market between the hedged item and the hedging instrument. Evaluation of hedge effectiveness at fiscal year-end is omitted for currency swap transactions, as material con- ditions for the notional principal of hedging instruments and those for hedged items are the same and these transactions are deemed to offset the market fluctuations.
Evaluation of hedge effectiveness at fiscal year-end is omitted also for interest rate swap transactions applied to special treatment.
(7) Amortization method and period of goodwill
If the duration of the effect of goodwill can be rationally estimated, amortization is made over the estimated number of years by the straight-line method. In other cases, amortization is made over a five-year-period by the straight-line method.
(8) Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of cash flows
In preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash on hand, readily available deposits and short-term highly liquid investments with maturities not exceeding three months at the time of purchase are considered to be cash and cash equivalents.
(9) Accounting method for consumption taxes
Consumption taxes and local consumption taxes are accounted using the net-of-tax method, and non-deductible consumption taxes and local consumption taxes on assets are posted mainly as expenses when incurred.
3 Significant Accounting Estimates
(1) Valuation for inventories, etc., in the Entertainment Contents Business
(i) Carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements in the current fiscal year
(10) Application of the Consolidated Taxation System
The Company and certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries applied the Consolidated Taxation System.
(11) Application of tax effect accounting for the transition from the consolidated tax payment system to the group taxation system
Having regard to paragraph 3 of “Practical Solution on the Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting for the Transition from the Consolidated Taxation System to the Group Tax Sharing System” (PITF No. 39, March 31, 2020), the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries did not follow paragraph 44 of “Implementation Guidance on Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Guidance No. 28, February 16, 2018) but applied provisions of pre-amended tax laws when calculating the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities that relate to transitioning to the group taxation system and related amendments of tax laws for transitioning to the single tax payment system.
(2) Valuation of raw materials in the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
(i) Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements in the current fiscal year
Raw materials ¥11,793 million (ii) Calculation method of the carrying amount in the consolidated
financial statements in the current fiscal year
Raw materials are posted using the acquisition cost, but in the event that anticipated future raw material usage falls below stock, the surplus is posted to cost of sales.
(iii) Key assumptions used in the calculation of carrying amount in the
consolidated financial statements in the current fiscal year
Raw material usage forecasts are estimated based on the projected volume of Pachinko and Pachislot machines sales for the following fiscal years, and replacement demand is projected based on the arrival of the withdrawal deadline for machines conforming to previous regulations.
(iv) Impact on the consolidated financial statements in the following
fiscal year
In case of possible discrepancy between the forecasts and actual results due to the timing of release of new products from rival companies in the same market and the nature of hit businesses, there may be an impact to profit and loss.
Work in process
“Other” under intangible assets
(ii) Calculation method of the carrying amount in the consolidated
financial statements in the current fiscal year
Work in process and software, etc., amounts posted on account of production of game contents, etc., in the Entertainment Contents Business are stated at acquisition cost, and are expensed or amortized systematically considering the forecasted sales volume and expected service period. However, if the future recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount of work in process and software, etc., the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable amount, and the resulting decrease in the carrying amount is recorded in cost of sales for the current fiscal year.
(iii) Key assumptions used in the calculation of carrying amount in the
consolidated financial statements in the current fiscal year
The future recoverable amount is estimated based on the forecasted sales for the following fiscal years.
(iv) Impact on the consolidated financial statements in the following
fiscal year
In case of possible discrepancy between the forecasts and actual results due to the timing of release of new products from rival companies in the same market and the nature of hit businesses, there may be an impact to profit and loss.
¥29,518 million ¥6,729 million

90
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 91
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (3) Valuation of noncurrent assets held by PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD.
(i) Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements in the current fiscal year
(iii) Key assumptions used in the calculation of carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements in the current fiscal year
PSS perform an impairment test on its cash generating units including goodwill, and its cash generating units that show any indication of impairment, and makes calculations for recoverable amount based on value in use or on fair value less cost of disposal.
Key assumptions that utilize measurements of value in use are made based on the business plans, etc., which are fundamental to calculations of future cash flows, as well as growth rates and discount rates. Although business plans, etc., have been impacted by COVID-19, their formulations have been made based on the number of casino visitors and the drop amount (the amount of chips purchased at tables), premised on demand recovering gradually through the following fiscal year. When establishing growth rates for after the target period of the business plans, etc., figures that reflect consideration of business growth are used. In addition, the discount rate is calculated using weighted average cost of capital as a basis and by reflecting the risk associated with businesses, which is determined based on external and internal information.
Fair value less cost of disposal mainly uses the real estate appraisal value (under depreciated replacement cost approach) of external experts who take into consideration the repurchase cost of the relevant asset and related depreciation factors.
(iv) Impact on the consolidated financial statements in the following fiscal year
Estimates of future cash flows are made based on best estimates from management. However, in the event that COVID-19 impacts trends in the number of users which cause estimates to vary from actual results, there may be an impact on profit and loss.
(5) Accounting estimates associated with the spread of COVID-19
Buffeted by the expanding rate of COVID-19 infections, in the current fiscal year the Group experienced delays to parts’ procurement, postponements to development schedules, and the suspension of operations at various facilities.
Although there will be disparities in the impact of COVID-19 according to business or region in the following fiscal year, it is the Group’s assumption that demand will recover gradually through the following fiscal year, and its accounting estimates are based on the determination of the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the determination on impairment losses, among other factors.
There is a high degree of uncertainty in these assumptions, and with any change in the impact that COVID-19 has on the economic environment, there may be an impact on profit and loss.
4 Unapplied New Accounting Standards The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries
– “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29, issued by the Accounting Standards Board of Japan on March 31, 2020)
– “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (Revised ASBJ Guidance No. 30, issued by the Accounting Standards Board of Japan on March 26, 2021)
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and US Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) jointly developed comprehensive revenue recognition standards and issued “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” in May 2014 (IASB’s IFRS 15 and FASB’s Topic 606). Considering that IFRS 15 shall apply to fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, and Topic 606 shall apply to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, the ASBJ developed a comprehensive accounting standard on revenue recognition and thus issued the accounting standard together with the implementation guidance.
The ASBJ established the accounting standard on revenue recognition by following the basic policies in developing it. The basic policies were: firstly, incorporating the core principle of IFRS 15 as the starting point from the perspective of facilitating comparability among financial statements, which is one of the benefits of ensuring consistency with IFRS 15; secondly, adding alternative treatments, but to the extent not impairing comparability, where consideration should be given to the practice having been used in Japan.
(2) Scheduled date of application
These ASBJ statement and guidance will be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Effects of application of the accounting standards
The effects of the application of the accounting standards are immaterial.
– “Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ Statement No. 30, issued by the Accounting Standards Board of Japan on July 4, 2019)
– “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ Guidance No. 31, issued by the Accounting Standards Board of Japan on July 4, 2019)
– “Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Statement No. 10, issued by the Accounting Standards Board of Japan on
July 4, 2019)
5 Changes in Presentation
(Application of “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates”)
The Company applied “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of
– “Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Guidance No. 19, issued by the Accounting Standards Board of Japan on March 31, 2020)
(1) Overview
The Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement and the Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Measurement (hereinafter “Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement, etc.”) were developed to improve comparability with international accounting standards, and matters of guidance, etc., for fair value measurement methods were established. Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement, etc., is used for the fair value of the following items.
– Financial instruments in the “Accounting Standards for Financial Instruments”
Furthermore, the “Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” has been revised with notes added for breakdowns of fair value of financial instruments by level, among others.
(2) Scheduled date of application
These ASBJ statement and guidance will be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Effects of application of the accounting standards
The effects of the application of the accounting standards are immaterial.
Foreign consolidated subsidiaries – “Leases” (U.S. GAAP Topic 842)
(1) Overview
The accounting standard was revised with a focus on the recognition of assets and liabilities of all of the lessee’s leases in principle.
(2) Scheduled date of application
The accounting standard will be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023.
(3) Effects of application of the accounting standards
The effects of the application are under assessment at the time of preparing these consolidated financial statements.
Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement No. 31, March 31, 2020) to the consolidated financial statements at the end of the current fiscal year, and disclosed the notes to the significant accounting estimates
Property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets
(ii) Key assumptions used in the calculation of carrying amount in the
consolidated financial statements in the current fiscal year Operating income and loss generated by operating activities continued to be negative, and there was any indication of impairment in the asset group. Therefore, the Company has calculated undiscounted future cash flows, and made a determination on whether or not to recognize an impairment loss.
Business plans and the medium-term management plan, which are fundamental to future cash flows used for this determination, have been formulated based on the hotel occupancy rate, average daily rate, number of golf rounds, and golf round rates, with demand premised on a gradual recovery despite the impacts of COVID-19 through the following fiscal year.
As a result, the Company has determined that an impairment loss should be recognized, and therefore considered the net selling price based on the real estate appraisal value (mainly under the income approach) as the recoverable amount, and posted the difference with the book value to impairment loss.
(iii) Impact on the consolidated financial statements in the following
fiscal year
Estimates of future cash flows are made based on best estimates from management. However, in the event that COVID-19 impacts demand trends which cause estimates to differ from actual results, there may be an impact on profit and loss.
(4) Valuation of shares of affiliates with regard to PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd.
(i) Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements in the current fiscal year
Shares of subsidiaries and affiliates ¥17,146 million (ii) Calculation method of the carrying amount in the consolidated
financial statements in the current fiscal year
PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. (PSS) is an affiliate of the Company accounted for using the equity method. Investments into PSS are treated under equity method accounting.
PSS applies International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), and if there is any indication of impairment in its cash generating units, it perform an impairment test. For the cash generating units including goodwill, PSS perform an impairment test on an annual basis, in addition to when there is any indication of impairment. As a result of its impairment tests, in the event that the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount the book value in the PSS financial statements is reduced to the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, this exerts an impact on the amount of shares of affiliates of the Company through equity method accounting.
PSS has posted ¥129,014 million in noncurrent assets, including goodwill of ¥8,681 million.
¥10,229 million ¥272 million

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 with regard to the consolidated financial statements. However, the data of the previous fiscal year corresponding to this content is not presented due to transitional measures stipulated in the proviso of paragraph 11 of the Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates.
(Consolidated balance sheets)
“Lease obligations,” which was included in “Other” under Noncurrent liabilities in the previous fiscal year, is presented as a separate line
6 Notes to Consolidated Balance Sheets (1) Assetspledged
Shares of subsidiaries and affiliates Total
item in the current fiscal year because it has exceeded 1/100 of total liabilities and net assets. In order to reflect this change in presentation, the consolidated balance sheets for the previous fiscal year have been reclassified.
As a result, the ¥11,649 million presented as “Other” under noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet for the previous fiscal year has been reclassified as ¥3,434 million in “Lease obligations” and ¥8,215 million in “Other.”
Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥22,130 22,130
7 Notes to Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (1) Thebookvaluedevaluationofinventoriesheldfornormalsalespurposebasedondeclineinprofitability
      Cost of sales
Millions of yen 2020 2021 ¥5,268 ¥10,622
   (2) Research and development expenses included in selling, general and administrative expenses and manufacturing cost
         (3) Gain on sales of noncurrent assets
2020 ¥49,746
2020 ¥ 105
0
8 2,917
2020 ¥ 0 0 — 0
Millions of yen
2021
¥48,285
Millions of yen
2021
Millions of yen
2021
     ¥17,146
 17,146
         ¥—
 0
 15,249
 8
 15,258
      Notes 1. For loan of ¥68,222 million (KRW725,000 million) from financial institutions to the equity method affiliate PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. at the end of the previous fiscal year, the shares of this company were pledged as collateral.
2. For loan of ¥68,512 million (KRW725,000 million) from financial institutions to the equity method affiliate PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. at the end of the current fiscal year, the shares of this company were pledged as collateral.
Buildings and structures
Machinery, equipment and vehicles
Land 2,802
        (2) Investment securities to non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies
Investment securities (Shares)
Investment securities (Capital Contributions)
(3) Revaluation reserve for land
Consolidated subsidiary SEGA GROUP CORPORATION has revalued land for business, pursuant to the Act on Revaluation of Land (Law No. 34, March 31, 1998) and Amendments to the Law Concerning Revaluation of Land (Law No. 19, March 31, 2001).
Accordingly, SEGA GROUP CORPORATION has recorded an item for the revaluation reserve for land under net assets.
(4) Overdraft account and commitment line contract
Other property, plant and equipment Total
(4) Loss on sales of noncurrent assets
Machinery, equipment and vehicles Other property, plant and equipment Other intangible assets
Total
(5) Impairment loss
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥24,506 685
Revaluation method
SEGA GROUP CORPORATION computed the value of land based on the methodology regarding rational adjustments to valuation of fixed assets stipulated in Article 2-3, and appraisals by licensed real estate appraisers prescribed in Article 2-5 of the Enforcement Ordinance No. 119 (March 31, 1998) pertaining to the Law Concerning Revaluation of Land.
Date of revaluation: March 31, 2002.
Difference between the fair value at the end of the fiscal year and the book value after revaluation of revalued land: ¥(425) million
Use
Amusement facilities Assets for business
Location
Yokohama-shi, Kanagawa and 1 other location
Ota-ward ku, Tokyo and 4 other locations
Millions of yen Type Amount
       ¥—
 0
 0
 0
     ¥20,175
 1,525
                            The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries concluded overdraft account contracts and commitment line contracts with banks for the purpose of efficient procurement of operating capital.
The balance of unrealized borrowings based on these contracts is as follows.
Buildings and structures
Other property, plant and equipment, etc.
Buildings and structures Amusement machines and facilities Other property, plant and equipment Other intangible assets
Total
¥ 85
  20
   8
 157
  60
  38
 371
         ¥218,525
 —
 218,525
  Total amount of limit of overdraft account and commitment line contract Balance of borrowings
Balance of unrealized borrowings
Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥150,397 — 150,397
For each business segment, the Company classifies assets or asset groups based on whether their cash flows can be estimated independently. The book values of assets or asset groups whose market values declined significantly or that are projected to consistently generate negative cash flows are reduced to their recoverable
amount. The amount of this reduction is deemed an impairment loss and is recorded under “Other expenses” in the consolidated financial statements.
Recoverable amounts are calculated based on memorandum values, as no future cash flows are expected.
      92
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 93

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
(7) Reclassification adjustments and the related tax effects concerning other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities The amount arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before adjustments to tax effects
The amount of tax effects
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges The amount arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before adjustments to tax effects The amount of tax effects
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment The amount arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before adjustments to tax effects
The amount of tax effects
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax The amount arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before adjustments to tax effects
The amount of tax effects
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method The amount arising during the period
Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method
   Use
Amusement facilities
Assets for business
Location
Machida-shi, Tokyo and 192 other locations
Ota-ku, Tokyo and 8 other locations
Type
Buildings and structures
Other property, plant and equipment, etc. Other intangible assets
Buildings and structures
Machinery, equipment and vehicles Amusement machines and facilities Land
Other property, plant and equipment Other intangible assets
Total
Millions of yen Amount
2020
¥(13,897) 56
(13,840) 4,257
(9,583)
10 (0)
9 (3) 6
(2,426) (0) (2,427)
— (2,427)
(882) (83) (966) (51) (1,018)
(1,724) —
(1,724) ¥(14,747)
Decrease —
Decrease 361,689
Millions of yen
2021
  ¥ 4,708
 1,213
 32
 3,405
 2
 10,411
 12
 142
 1,161
 21,091
        ¥ 4,630
 (8,479)
 (3,848)
 1,314
 (2,534)
  2
 10
 12
 (4)
 8
  4,280
 370
 4,651
 —
 4,651
  886
 (35)
 850
 117
 968
  (127)
 —
 (127)
 ¥ 2,966
                      Based on business segment, assets or asset groups whose cash flows can be estimated separately are grouped independently. Among these, the book values of assets or asset groups whose market values declined significantly or that are projected to consistently generate negative cash flows arising from operating activities are reduced to their recoverable amount. The amount of this reduction is recorded as impairment loss under other expenses.
(6) Structural reform expenses
The recoverable amount is calculated based on the net selling price mainly due to the transfer of shares.
¥17,743 million is included in “Structural reform expenses” under other expenses.
                In the current fiscal year, the Group has been working on structural reform to transform its business structure to adapt to the external environment and that has involved the implementation of measures to build an even more efficient structure. The Group has recorded the expenses incurred through such measures under structural reform expenses. A breakdown of structural reform expenses is provided below.
Millions of yen 2020 2021
Impairment loss ¥— Early extra retirement payments — Loss on sales of shares of subsidiaries and affiliates — Other — Total —
Total other comprehensive income
Notes to Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
               ¥17,743
 9,559
 3,308
 3,580
 34,191
                      8
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
1. Numberofoutstandingcommonstock
Type of stock Common stock
2. Number of outstanding treasury stock
Type of stock Common stock
As of April 1, 2019 266,229,476
As of April 1, 2019 31,493,927
Increase —
Increase 6,000
Shares As of March 31, 2020 266,229,476
Shares As of March 31, 2020 31,138,238
                            94
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 95

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (Summary of the change)
Increase
Increase due to purchase of odd-lot stock
3. Subscription rights to shares
Company name
The Company Subscription rights to shares as stock options Total
3. Subscription rights to shares
6,000 shares
Decrease
Decrease due to sales of odd-lot stock
Decrease due to exercise of stock options:
Decrease due to stock compensation with restriction on transfer:
Number of stocks (Shares) As of March 31,
Balance at March 31, 2021 Millions of yen
589 shares 304,800 shares
Company name The Company Total
Breakdown
Subscription rights to shares as stock options
Type of stock
As of April 1, 2020
Increase
Decrease
2021
     —
 —
—
—
 —
 ¥—
   —
 —
—
 —
  —
      Number of stocks (Shares)
As of March 31, Decrease 2020
— —
— — — —
56,300 shares
Balance at March 31, 2020 Millions of yen
¥813 813
(Note) The exercise period for the subscription rights to shares issued pursuant to the Board of Directors meeting held on August 2, 2016, expired on September 1, 2020, and those rights have been forfeited.
  Breakdown
Type of stock —
As of April 1,
2019 Increase
4. Dividends
(1) Dividends
Resolution
Board of Directors’ Meeting held on May 13, 2020
Board of Directors’ Meeting held on November 6, 2020
      — —
      Class of shares Common stock Common stock
Total dividend (Millions of yen)
Dividend per share (Yen)
Record date
March 31, 2020 September 30, 2020
Effective date
June 4, 2020 December 1, 2020
         ¥4,701
 ¥20
 2,350
  10
    4. Dividends
(1) Dividends
Resolution
Board of Directors’ Meeting held on May 10, 2019
Board of Directors’ Meeting held on October 31, 2019
Class of shares Common stock Common stock
Total dividend (Millions of yen)
¥4,694 4,695
Dividend per share (Yen)
¥20 20
Record date
March 31, 2019 September 30, 2019
Effective date
June 3, 2019 December 2, 2019
(2) Of the dividends of which the record date is in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 but the effective date is in the following fiscal year
                    Resolution
Board of Directors’ Meeting held on May 13, 2021
Class of shares Common stock
Resource of dividend Retained earnings
Total dividend (Millions of yen)
Dividend per share (Yen)
Record date March 31, 2021
2020 ¥159,013 5,398 164,411
(396) (5,398)
158,617
Effective date June 4, 2021
Millions of yen
2021
          ¥4,701
  ¥20
    (2) Of the dividends of which the record date is in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, but the effective date is in the following fiscal year
     Resolution
Board of Directors’ Meeting held on May 13, 2020
Class of shares Common stock
Resource of dividend Retained earnings
As of April 1, 2020
As of April 1, 2020
Total dividend (Millions of yen)
¥4,701
Dividend per share (Yen)
¥20
Record date March 31, 2020
Effective date June 4, 2020
9 Notes to Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(1) CashandcashequivalentsatMarch31,2021and2020consistedofthefollowing:
Cash and deposits
Short-term investment securities
Total
Time deposits with maturity over 3 months, etc.
Securities with periods from acquisition to redemption over 3 months Cash and cash equivalents
              Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
1. Numberofoutstandingcommonstock
Type of stock Common stock
2. Number of outstanding treasury stock
Class of shares Common stock
(Outline of causes of change)
Increase
Increase due to purchase of odd-lot stock:
Increase
Increase
Decrease
Decrease
Shares As of March 31, 2021
Shares As of March 31, 2021
144 shares 3,200 shares
     ¥154,972
 721
 155,693
 (432)
 (721)
 154,540
            266,229,476
  —
  —
  266,229,476
                 31,138,238
  7,687
  3,344
  31,142,581
   96
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 97
7,687 shares
Decrease
Decrease due to sales of odd-lot stock: Decrease due to exercise of stock options:

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (2) Assets and liabilities of the company which has become a consolidated subsidiary due to acquisition of shares
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Breakdown of assets and liabilities at the time of consolidation of Two Point Studios Ltd. resulting from the acquisition of its shares as well as the relationship between the acquisition price of Two Point Studios Ltd. and expenditures (net) for its acquisition are presented below.
no longer being a consolidated subsidiary due to the sale of its shares, and the relationship between its sale value of stock and expenditures due to its sale are provided below.
Two Point Studios Ltd.
Current assets
Noncurrent assets
Goodwill
Current liabilities
Noncurrent liabilities Acquisition price of stocks
Cash and cash equivalents
Net: Expenditures for acquisition
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021) Not applicable.
(3) Assets and liabilities of the company which has been excluded from consolidated subsidiaries due to sales of shares
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020) Disclosure is omitted due to insignificancy.
Sega Amusements International Ltd.
Current assets
Noncurrent assets
Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Structural reform expenses Others
Sale value of stock
Cash and cash equivalents Net: Expenditures for sale
10 InformationforCertainLeases
Millions of yen
  ¥ 2,157
 1,342
 (522)
 (192)
 (3,120)
 336
 0
 (715)
 (715)
   Millions of yen
   ¥
1,442 (141) (1,300)
249 6 1,315
(129) —
                       Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Breakdown of assets and liabilities of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. (now GENDA SEGA Entertainment Inc.) when it was removed from the scope of consolidation due to the sale of its shares, and the relationship between its sale value of stock and expenditures are presented below.
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Buildings Total
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Buildings Total
Accumulated depreciation
¥968 968
Accumulated depreciation
Accumulated impairment loss
¥1,135 1,135
Accumulated impairment loss
2020 ¥151 466 618
2020 ¥466
Millions of yen
Net book value ¥— —
Millions of yen Net book value
Millions of yen
2021
Millions of yen
2021
¥349
(1) Asummaryofassumedamountsofacquisitioncost,accumulateddepreciation,accumulatedimpairmentlossandnetbook value for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, with respect to the finance leases accounted for in the same manner as operating leases, is as follows:
    SEGA ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. (now GENDA SEGA Entertainment Inc.)
Current assets
Noncurrent assets
Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Structural reform expenses Others
Sale value of stock
Cash and cash equivalents Net: Expenditures for sale
Millions of yen
Acquisition cost ¥2,103 2,103
Acquisition cost
            ¥ 6,881
 5,638
 (4,920)
 (7,626)
 (187)
 215
 0
 (4,767)
 (4,767)
                  ¥2,103
 ¥968
 ¥1,135
 ¥—
 2,103
  968
  1,135
  —
        A major breakdown of assets and liabilities of Sega Amusements International Ltd. when it was removed from the scope of consolidation due to it
(2) Future lease payments and accumulated impairment loss on leased assets
Future lease payments as of March 31, 2021 and 2020
Due within one year Due after one year Total
Accumulated impairment loss on leased assets as of March 31, 2021 and 2020
Accumulated impairment loss on leased assets
     ¥151
 315
 466
                 98
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 99

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (3) A summary of assumed amounts of lease payments, reversal of allowance for impairment loss on leased assets, depreciation, interest expenses and impairment loss for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, with respect to the finance leases accounted for in the same manner as operating leases, is as follows:
(2) Nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments
Receivables such as notes and accounts receivable-trade are exposed to customer credit risks. In addition, foreign currency-denominated trade receivables are exposed to foreign currency exchange fluctua- tion risks. However, certain parts of the risks are hedged by forward exchange contracts. Short-term investment securities and investment securities are mainly negotiable certificates of deposit and the stocks acquired for business collaborations with business partners, and the latter are exposed to the risk of market price fluctuations. Some compound financial instruments, etc., are also exposed to the risk of market price fluctuations in the stock markets, etc.
Of the payables such as notes and accounts payable-trade, trade payables denominated in foreign currencies are exposed to foreign currency exchange fluctuation risks. However, certain parts of the risks are hedged by forward exchange contracts. Loans and bonds payable are for the purpose of procurement of funds necessary for operating funds and capital investment, and parts of them have floating interest rates. For this reason, they are exposed to interest rate fluctuation risks. Derivative transactions consist of forward exchange contracts and currency swap transactions as hedges against currency fluctuation risks on their foreign currency-denominated operating receivables and debt as well as foreign currency-denominated loans payable, and interest rate swap transactions as hedges against interest rate risks on loans payable.
For details on hedging instruments, hedged items, hedging policy and the method for evaluating hedging effectiveness concerning hedge accounting, please refer to “(5) Accounting for significant hedge” in “Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, 3. Accounting Policies.”
(3) Risk management for financial instruments
1) Credit risk management (customers’ default risk)
With respect to trade receivables, departments in charge regularly monitor the situations of major customers in compliance with each company’s management regulations for receivables, to control pay- ment terms and balances of customers, in order to detect collection concerns such as worsening of financial conditions early and to lessen the possibilities for collection problems.
The credit risk for negotiable certificates of deposit and major bonds, etc., is minimal because the investments of these financial assets are limited to high credit rating issuers. Customers of derivative transactions are in principle limited to correspondent financial institutions.
The amount of maximum risk as of the consolidated settlement date is expressed by the amounts of financial assets exposed to credit risks in the balance sheet.
2) Market risk management (foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuation risks)
Forward exchange contracts are used to hedge foreign currency exchange fluctuation risks identified by currency and by month, in parts of trade receivables and payables and loan receivables denominated in foreign currencies, and trade receivables and payables which are expected to certainly occur due to exports and imports (forecasted transactions).
In addition, interest rate swap transactions, etc., are used to hedge fluctuation risks of interests on variable interest loans and currency swap transactions are used to hedge currency fluctuation risks on foreign currency-denominated loans payables, etc.
With respect to short-term investment securities and investment securities, their fair values and financial positions of the related issuers (the counterparties) are regularly checked for reports at each company’s Board of Directors’ meeting, etc. Major holdings of shares are continuously reviewed in consideration of relationships with the counterparties.
In addition, some compound financial instruments are also continuously reviewed by regularly checking their fair values.
With regard to derivative transactions, the financial department or the accounting department executes and manages transactions upon obtaining internal approvals in compliance with the derivative transactions management rules of each Group company. In addition, reports on the situations of derivative transactions are made to each company’s Board of Directors’ meeting when and where appropriate. 3) Liquidity risk management on fund-raising (risk for delinquency) Trade payables and loans are exposed to liquidity risk. In the Group, liquidity risk is managed by setting an appropriate fund balance for each company, and by each company updating fund plans monthly to maintain the balance that exceeds the set fund balance, and by the Company confirming each company’s cash position.
(4) Supplementary explanations concerning fair values of financial instruments
Fair values of financial instruments comprise values determined based on market prices and values determined reasonably when there is no market price. Since variable factors are incorporated in calculating the relevant fair values, such fair values may vary depending on the different assumptions. The notional amounts and other infor- mation described in “Note 13 - Derivative Transactions” do not indicate the amounts of market risk exposed to derivative transactions.
     ¥151
 117
 124
 12
  Lease payments
Reversal of allowance for impairment loss on leased assets Depreciation
Interest expenses
(4) Method of calculating depreciation equivalent
The straight-line method is applied on the assumptions that the useful life equals the lease period and the residual value is zero.
1. Financeleasetransactions
(1) Details of lease assets
Lease assets mainly consist of the following: “Machinery, equipment and vehicles,” “Other property, plant and equipment” and “Other intangible assets” for office-related facilities.
2. Lease transactions under IFRS
(1) Details of leased assets (right-of-use assets)
Leased assets (right-of-use assets) primarily consist of items related to leased offices of certain overseas consolidated subsidiaries.
3. Operating lease transactions
Millions of yen 2020 2021
                                ¥151
                                 119
                                 124
                                  15
(5) Method of calculating interest expenses equivalent
Interest expenses equivalent are calculated as the difference between total lease charges and acquisition cost equivalent of leased items, and are allocated to each fiscal year using the interest method.
(2) The methods of depreciation for lease assets
The methods of depreciation for lease assets are as follows: Lease assets involving finance lease transactions under which the ownership of the lease assets is transferred to lessees are the same methods that are applied to property, plant and equipment owned by the Company. Lease assets involving finance lease transactions under which the ownership of the lease assets is not transferred to lessees are the straight-line method, with their residual values being zero over their leased periods used as the number of years for useful life.
(2) Depreciation method of right-of-use assets
The lease period or the useful life of the assets, whichever is shorter, is used as the useful life, and the residual value is calculated as zero.
        Future lease payments for operating lease transactions which cannot be canceled as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:
     ¥ 4,339
 7,664
 12,003
  Due within one year Due after one year Total
Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥ 5,429 12,561 17,991
      100
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 101
Note: The primary cause for the decrease in operating lease transactions was the payment of lease payables related to the leased offices of the Group’s headquarters, and the exclusion of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. from the scope of consolidation in the current fiscal year.
11 FinancialInstruments 1. Outlineoffinancialinstruments
(1) Policyforfinancialinstruments
The Group signed an agreement concerning commitment lines with financial institutions, such as securing medium to long-term fund liquidity with the Company as a holding company, as a safety net for the entire Group. In addition, capital for each business is financed based on the financial plan as needed, through bank borrowings or
bond issues applying the Cash Management System for the purpose of efficient utilization of the Group’s funds. Most funds are invested primarily in low-risk and high-liquidity financial assets, while some are invested in compound financial instruments such as bonds, etc., for the purpose of efficiently managing funds. Derivatives are used, not for speculative purposes, but to manage exposure to financial risks as described later.
2. Matters concerning the fair value of financial instruments
The consolidated balance sheet amount and fair value of financial instruments as well as the differences between these values are described below. Financial instruments whose fair values are not readily determinable are not included in the table. (See Note 2 below.)

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Notes and accounts receivable−trade
(3) Short-term investment securities and investment securities:
1) Held-to-maturity debt securities
2) Available-for-sale securities (*1)
3) Equity securities issued by affiliated companies
Total assets
(1) Notes and accounts payable−trade (2) Short-term loans payable
(3) Long-term loans payable
(4) Current portion of corporate bonds (5) Corporate bonds payable
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*2)
1) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied
2) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied Total derivative transactions
Assets
(1) Cash and deposits and (2) Notes and accounts receivable-trade
Of these, items that are settled in the short term (within a year) are recorded using book values, as their fair values approximate book values. In addition, of notes and accounts receivable-trade, those which have more than a year to the payment date from the end of the current fiscal year are stated at the present values by discounting the amount of claim for each receivable with the interest rate calculated by the payment period and credit risk.
(3) Short-term investment securities and investment securities
The fair values of stocks are determined using the quoted price on the stock exchange, and those of bonds are determined using the quoted price on the exchange or the quoted price obtained from financial institutions. In addition, negotiable certificates of deposit included in available-for-sale securities are recorded using book values, as they are settled in the short term (within a year) and their fair values approximate book values. For notes concerning securities by holding purpose, please see “Note 11 - Investment Securities.”
Liabilities
(1) Notes and accounts payable-trade, (2) Short-term loans payable and (4) Current portion of corporate bonds
Of these, items that are settled in the short term (within a year) are recorded using book values, as their fair values approximate book values. Of the short-term loans payable, fair values of the loans hedged by interest rate swap contracts meeting certain conditions are calculated by combining them with the relevant interest rate swap.
Note 3: Redemption schedule of monetary assets and securities with contractual maturities Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
Within one year Cash and deposits ¥159,013 Notes and accounts receivable−trade 39,698
Short-term investment securities and investment securities:
Held-to-maturity debt securities (Corporate bonds) 200 Available-for-sale securities with maturities (Negotiable certificates of deposit) — Available-for-sale securities with maturities (Other)* 5,000
Total 203,912
   Consolidated balance
sheet amount Fair value
¥159,013 ¥159,013 40,408 40,381
809 802 23,106 23,106 803 646 224,141 223,951 17,834 17,834 13,331 13,331 42,003 41,896 10,000 10,000 10,000 9,888 93,168 92,950
— — (596) (596) (596) (596)
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥— (26)
(7)
— (156) (190)
—
— 107 — 111 218
— — —
(3) Long-term loans payable and (5) Corporate bonds payable
These are stated with the present values calculated by discounting the aggregated values of the principal and interest using an assumed interest rate if loans are newly made. Of the long-term loans payable, fair values of the loans hedged by interest rate swap contracts with special treatment applied and by interest rate and currency swap contracts with combined treatment applied (subject to special treatment and allocation hedge accounting) are calculated by combining them with the relevant interest rate swap or interest rate and currency swap.
Derivative transactions
For notes concerning derivatives, please see “Note 13–Derivative Transactions.”
Note 2: Financial instruments whose fair values are not readily determinable
Millions of yen Item 2020 2021
                                         ¥ 2,696
 9,784
 345
 19,024
 1,525
  Investments in unlisted stocks, etc.
Investments in investment limited partnerships, etc.
Stocks of non-consolidated subsidiaries
Stocks of affiliates
Investments in capital of subsidiaries and affiliates
¥ 2,704
8,631 345 23,357
685
                                  These items are not included in “(3) Short-term investment securities and investment securities”, because there is no market price, future cash flows cannot be estimated, and it is extremely difficult to identify fair values.
            *1 Sincethefairvaluesofembeddedderivativescannotbereasonablycategorizedandmeasured,thoseoftheentirecompoundfinancialinstrumentsareevaluated,and included in investment securities.
*2 Receivables and payables incurred by derivative transactions are presented in net amount. Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Notes and accounts receivable−trade
(3) Short-term investment securities and investment securities:
1) Held-to-maturity debt securities
2) Available-for-sale securities
3) Equity securities issued by affiliated companies
Total assets
(1) Notes and accounts payable−trade (2) Short-term loans payable
(3) Long-term loans payable
(4) Current portion of corporate bonds (5) Corporate bonds payable
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions
1) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied
2) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied Total derivative transactions
One to five years ¥ — 709
—
— 200 909
Five to ten years
Millions of yen Over ten years ¥ — —
200 — — 200
Millions of yen Over ten years
         Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥
— —
400 — — 400
        Consolidated balance sheet amount
Fair value
       ¥154,972
 ¥154,972
 ¥—
 38,176
 38,150
 (26)
    608
 610
 2
 4,254
  4,254
  —
 805
 972
 166
 198,816
198,959
142
 16,994
 16,994
 —
 —
 —
 —
 42,000
 41,939
 60
 —
  —
  —
 10,000
 9,918
 81
 68,994
68,852
142
    —
  —
  —
 (725)
 (725)
 —
 (725)
 (725)
 —
                               * With respect to bonds with an early redemption clause, their expected redemption amounts at maturity without applying the early redemption clause are listed. Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
       Within one year
One to five years
Five to ten years
   ¥154,972
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
 37,440
 735
 —
 —
     —
 —
 400
 200
 —
  —
  —
  —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 192,413
 735
 400
 200
  Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable−trade
Short-term investment securities and investment securities:
Held-to-maturity debt securities (Corporate bonds)*
Available-for-sale securities with maturities (Negotiable certificates of deposit) Available-for-sale securities with maturities (Other)
Total
              * With respect to bonds with an early redemption clause, their expected redemption amounts at maturity without applying the early redemption clause are listed.
  102
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 103
Note 1: Calculation method of fair values of financial instruments and securities and derivative transactions

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 4: Redemption schedules of loans payable, corporate bonds payable, lease obligations and other interest-bearing liabilities Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
(1) Securitieswhosemarketvalueexceedstheconsolidatedbalancesheetamount
         Category
Short-term loans payable Long-term loans payable Corporate bonds payable Lease obligations
Other interest-bearing debt:
Accounts payable–facilities
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
Category
Short-term loans payable Long-term loans payable Corporate bonds payable Lease obligations
Other interest-bearing debt:
Accounts payable–facilities
Within one year ¥13,331 — 10,000 888
34
Within one year
One to two years ¥— 3 — 786
25
One to two years
Two to three years ¥— 10,000 — 661
25
Two to three years
Three to four years ¥— 17,000 — 553
19
Three to four years
Millions of yen Four to five years Over five years ¥— ¥— 15,000 — — 10,000 327 1,104
13 61
Millions of yen Four to five years Over five years
Category
1) Government / municipal bonds 2) Corporate bonds
3) Other
Total
Consolidated balance sheet amount
Fair value
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
         ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
 308
  310
  2
 —
 —
 —
 308
 310
 2
                                         (2) Securities whose market value is equal to or lower than the consolidated balance sheet amount
         Category
1) Government / municipal bonds 2) Corporate bonds
3) Other
Total
2. Available-for-sale securities
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
Consolidated balance sheet amount
Fair value
  ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
 —
 10,000
 17,000
 15,000
 —
 —
 —
  —
  —
  —
  —
  10,000
 1,136
1,038
881
648
536
1,703
      26
 26
 20
 13
 12
 45
    ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
 300
  299
  (0)
 —
 —
 —
 300
 299
 (0)
           12 InvestmentSecurities
1. Held-to-maturitydebtsecurities
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
(1) Securitieswhoseconsolidatedbalancesheetamountexceedstheacquisitioncost
       (1) Securitieswhosemarketvalueexceedstheconsolidatedbalancesheetamount
Category 1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥14,606 — 1,389 15,995
Acquisition cost ¥8,270 — 1,364 9,635
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥6,335 — 24 6,360
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥ (55) (154)
— (209)
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
               Category
1) Government / municipal bonds 2) Corporate bonds
3) Other
Total
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥ — 309 — 309
Millions of yen
Valuation gains Fair value (losses)
¥ — ¥— 310 0 — — 310 0
Millions of yen
Valuation gains Fair value (losses)
¥ — ¥— 491 (8)
— — 491 (8)
(2) Securities whose consolidated balance sheet amount is equal to or lower than the acquisition cost
                               (2) Securities whose market value is equal to or lower than the consolidated balance sheet amount
Category 1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥1,480 5,630 — 7,110
Acquisition cost ¥1,535 5,784 — 7,320
Acquisition cost
               Category
1) Government / municipal bonds 2) Corporate bonds
3) Other
Total
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥ — 500 — 500
(1) Securitieswhoseconsolidatedbalancesheetamountexceedstheacquisitioncost
                           Category 1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Consolidated balance sheet amount
  ¥2,469
 ¥ 965
 ¥1,504
 —
  —
  —
 460
 400
 60
 2,930
 1,366
 1,564
     Total
 104
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 105

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (2) Securities whose consolidated balance sheet amount is equal to or lower than the acquisition cost
2. Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied
   Category 1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
3. Available-for-sale securities sold during the fiscal year
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
Category 1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
Category 1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
4. Impairment loss on securities
Hedge accounting method
Primary method
Classification
Forward exchange contracts: Buying
U.S. dollar
Major hedged items
Accounts payable–trade
Contract value
¥653
Contract value due after one year
¥—
Millions of yen Fair value
¥9
Millions of yen Fair value
Millions of yen Fair value
¥(602)
Note 3 (602)
Consolidated balance sheet amount
Millions of yen
Valuation gains Acquisition cost (losses)
Millions of yen Total gains on sales Total losses on sales ¥104 ¥ 97 — 3 — — 104 101
Millions of yen Total gains on sales Total losses on sales
(1) Currency-relatedderivatives
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
  ¥ 891
 ¥ 896
 ¥ (4)
 431
  478
  (46)
 —
 —
 —
 1,323
 1,375
 (51)
                 Note: Calculation method of fair value: Fair values are calculated based on the prices presented by the financial institutions with which derivatives are transacted.
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
   Amount of proceeds ¥410 242 — 652
Amount of proceeds
Hedge accounting method
Primary method
Classification
Forward exchange contracts: Buying
U.S. dollar
Major hedged items
Accounts payable–trade
Contract value
Contract value due after one year
                 ¥329
  ¥—
  ¥22
           Note: Calculation method of fair value: Fair values are calculated based on the prices presented by the financial institutions with which derivatives are transacted.
(2) Interest rate-related derivatives
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
     ¥20,211
 ¥11,238
 ¥18
 —
  —
  —
 991
 27
 —
 21,203
 11,266
 18
                 Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
The Group recognized impairment loss on available-for-sale securities in the amount of ¥573 million.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
The Group recognized impairment loss on available-for-sale securities in the amount of ¥0 million.
13 DerivativeTransactions
1. Derivativetransactionstowhichhedgeaccountingisnotapplied
(1) Currency-relatedderivatives
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020) Not applicable.
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021) Not applicable.
(2) Compound financial instruments
Hedge accounting method
Primary method (Note 2)
Special treatment for interest rate swaps
Total
Classification
Interest rate swaps:
Floating rate into fixed rate
Interest rate swaps:
Floating rate into fixed rate
Major hedged items
Long-term loans payable
Short-term loans payable
Contract value due Contract value after one year
¥29,767 ¥29,767
30,000 — 59,767 29,767
        Notes: 1. Calculation method of fair value: Fair values are calculated based on the prices presented by the financial institutions with which derivatives are transacted.
2. Primary method represents interest rate swaps transactions to long-term loans payable that are used by entities accounted for using equity method. Contract amount
and fair value are multiplied by the equity interest held by the Company.
3. Fair value of special treatment for interest rate swaps is included in the fair value of hedged short-term loans payable since these derivatives and the hedged short-term
loans payable are accounted for as one financial instrument. Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
   Hedge accounting method
Primary method (Note 2)
Total
Classification
Interest rate swaps:
Floating rate into fixed rate
Major hedged items
Long-term loans payable
Contract value
Contract value due after one year
Millions of yen Fair value
  ¥29,767
 ¥29,767
 ¥(740)
 29,767
  29,767
  (740)
    106
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 107
With respect to compound financial instruments whose fair values cannot be categorized and measured for each embedded derivative, the entire compound financial instruments are appraised by fair value, and are included in “2. Available-for-sale securities” in “Note 12 Investment Securities.”
Notes: 1. Calculation method of fair value: Fair values are calculated based on the prices presented by the financial institutions with which derivatives are transacted.
2. Primary method represents interest rate swaps transactions to long-term loans payable that are used by entities accounted for using equity method. Contract amount
and fair value are multiplied by the equity interest held by the Company.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 14 RetirementBenefits
1. Overviewofretirementbenefitplans
The Company and some of its consolidated subsidiaries have adopted a defined benefit corporate pension plan, a lump-sum retirement benefit plan, or a defined contribution pension plan to provide retirement benefits to the employees. In addition, the Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries have introduced selective defined contribution pension plans.
Under the lump-sum retirement benefit plan held by certain consolidated subsidiaries, net defined benefit liability and retirement benefit expenses are determined using a simplified method.
(4) Reconciliation of the difference between the amount of projected benefit obligations and plan assets and net defined benefit liability and net defined benefit asset recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
  2020 ¥ 29,032
(30,644) (1,611)
2,711 1,100
4,176 (3,076) 1,100
2020 ¥2,217 66
(545) (83)
— 123 5 1,783
Millions of yen
2021
   ¥ 27,623
 (30,238)
 (2,615)
 2,781
 166
  4,542
 (4,376)
 166
          2. Defined benefit pension plan
(1) Reconciliationofthedifferencebetweentheamountsofprojectedbenefitobligations (excluding pension plan using the simplified method)
Projected benefit obligations at the beginning of the period Service costs–benefits earned during the year
Interest cost on projected benefit obligations
Actuarial differences accrued
Retirement benefit paid
Other
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the period
(2) Reconciliation of the difference between the amounts of plan assets
Plan assets at the beginning of the period Expected return on plan assets Actuarial differences accrued Contribution of employer
Retirement benefit paid
Other
Plan assets at the end of the period
Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥29,499 2,217 66
(248) (526)
8 31,016
Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥28,707 545
(1,130) 2,963
(443) —
30,644
Funded projected benefit obligations Plan assets
Unfunded projected benefit obligations
Net amount of liabilities and assets recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
Net defined benefit liability
Net defined benefit asset
Net amount of liabilities and assets recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
Note: Retirement benefit scheme applying the simplified method is included.
(5) Breakdown of retirement benefit expenses
Service costs–benefits earned during the year Interest cost on projected benefit obligations Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of actuarial difference Amortization of prior service cost
Retirement benefit expenses using the simplified method Other
Retirement benefit expenses of defined benefit pension plan
Millions of yen
2021
               ¥31,016
 2,246
 100
 (1,200)
 (3,825)
 1,333
 29,699
                 ¥2,246
 100
 (582)
 (44)
 —
 97
 15
 1,833
                       ¥30,644
 582
 (314)
 3,026
 (3,771)
 72
 30,238
          Note: In addition to the retirement benefit expenses shown above, early extra retirement payments have been recorded as other expenses. The amounts recorded are ¥32 million and ¥9,559 million for the prior year and the current year, respectively.
            (3) Reconciliation of the difference between the amounts of net defined benefit liability under pension plans using the simplified method
Millions of yen 2020 2021
Net defined benefit liability at the beginning of the period ¥656 Retirement benefit expenses 123 Retirement benefit paid (50) Other (0)
Net defined benefit liability at the end of the period 728
(6) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Items included in the remeasurements of defined benefit plans are as follows (before tax effect deduction).
Actuarial difference Total
(7) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Items included in the remeasurements of defined benefit plans are as follows (before tax effect deduction).
Unrecognized actuarial difference Total
Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥(966) (966)
Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥(1,407) (1,407)
   ¥(850)
 (850)
           ¥728
 97
 (85)
 (5)
 734
             ¥(556)
 (556)
          108
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 109

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (8) Matters concerning plan assets
1) Breakdown of plan assets
Ratio of main classes of plan assets
2020 2021 Debt securities 47%
Share of stock 8 Cash and deposits 31 General account 10 Other 2 Total 100
2) Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets
In determining long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries consider the current and projected asset allocations, as well as current and future long-term rate of returns for the various assets which make up the plan assets.
3. Contents, scale and movement of stock options
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
(1) Thefollowingtablesummarizesthecontentsofstockoptions.
The Company
August 2, 2016
Common stock 250,000
September 1, 2016
September 2, 2018 to September 1, 2020
(2) The following table summarizes the scale and movement of stock options
The Company
August 2, 2016
The Company
August 2, 2016
Common stock 3,844,500
September 1, 2016
September 2, 2018 to September 1, 2020
   Company name
   51%
 31
 14
 0
 2
 100
    Date of the resolution
    The Company’s directors: 5
   The Company’s executive officers: 7
The Company’s employees: 11
The Company’s subsidiaries’ directors: 43 The Company’s subsidiaries’
executive officers: 46
The Company’s subsidiaries’ employees: 822
  Position and number of grantees
           Class and number of stock
  Date of issue
  Continue to work from
September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
  Continue to work from September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
 September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
   September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
  (9) Matters concerning basis for the actuarial calculation
Basis for the actuarial calculation
Discount rate
Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets Salary increase ratio (Note)
2020 2021 0.0–0.8%
1.6–2.0%
Principally, salary increase index by ages as of March 31, 2016 is used.
Shares
Condition of settlement of rights
 Period grantees provide service in return for stock options
 Period subscription rights are to be exercised
     0.0–0.8%
 1.6–2.0%
 Principally, salary increase index by ages as of March 31, 2016 is used.
       Company name
 Date of the resolution
 Not exercisable stock options
 Stock options outstanding at April 1, 2019
 Stock options granted
 Forfeitures
 Conversion to exercisable stock options
 Stock options outstanding at March 31, 2020
 Exercisable stock options
 Stock options outstanding at April 1, 2019
 Conversion from not exercisable stock options
 Stock options exercised
 Forfeitures
 Stock options outstanding at March 31, 2020
   The Company
August 2, 2016
    Note: Some consolidated subsidiaries do not use salary increase ratio for the calculation of retirement benefits obligations.
3. Defined contribution pension plans
The required contribution amounts to the defined contribution plan of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries were ¥781 million in the previous fiscal year and ¥934 million in the current fiscal year.
——
——
——
——
——
85,000 3,479,200
——
      15 StockOptionPlan
1. Accounttitleandamountofstockoptionsrecordedasexpenses
Not applicable.
2. Amounts recognized as gain due to vested stock options unexercised
Other income
Millions of yen 2020 2021 ¥20 ¥812
The following table summarizes the price information of stock options
The Company
August 2, 2016
8,400
—
76,600
¥1,413
The Company
August 2, 2016
296,400
80,700
3,102,100
Yen
¥1,413
                              110
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 111
Company name
Date of the resolution
 Exercise price
Average market price of the stock at the time of exercise
Fair value of the stock option at the date of grant
1,619
256
1,594
256
   
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
(1) Thefollowingtablesummarizesthecontentsofstockoptions.
The Company
August 2, 2016
Common stock 250,000
September 1, 2016
September 2, 2018 to September 1, 2020
The Company
August 2, 2016
Common stock 3,844,500
September 1, 2016
September 2, 2018 to September 1, 2020
2. Estimation of fair value of the stock options
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020) Not applicable
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021) Not applicable
3. Estimation of number of exercisable stock options
As it is difficult to reasonably estimate the number of stock options that will be forfeited in the future, the number here reflects only stock options that have actually been forfeited.
   Company name
  Date of the resolution
  The Company’s directors: 5
   The Company’s executive officers: 7
The Company’s employees: 11
The Company’s subsidiaries’ directors: 43 The Company’s subsidiaries’
executive officers: 46
The Company’s subsidiaries’ employees: 822
  Position and number of grantees
 Class and number of stock
  Date of issue
  Continue to work from
September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
   Continue to work from
September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
   September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
  September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
  Condition of settlement of rights
  Period grantees provide service in return for stock options
 Period subscription rights are to be exercised
    Note: The exercise period for the subscription rights to shares issued pursuant to the Board of Directors meeting held on August 2, 2016, expired on September 1, 2020, and those rights have been forfeited.
16 IncomeTaxes
1. Significantcomponentsofdeferredtaxassetsandliability
Deferred tax assets:
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Loss on valuation of inventories
Provision for bonuses
Net defined benefit liability
Depreciation expense
Loss on valuation of investment securities Impairment loss
Other
Tax loss carried forward
Total
Valuation allowance for tax loss carried forward (Note 2) Valuation allowance for deductible temporary difference Valuation allowance (Note 1)
Offset against deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities:
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Other
Subtotal of deferred tax liabilities Offset against deferred tax assets
Total
Recorded deferred tax assets
¥
Millions of yen 2020 2021
286 2,038 2,520 1,699 19,256 542 2,499 9,621 37,397 75,861
      ¥ 366
 4,135
 2,128
 1,858
 16,820
 394
 581
 11,255
 40,832
 78,374
 (39,343)
 (17,737)
 (57,081)
 (8,020)
 13,272
   (1,061)
 (7,737)
 (8,798)
 8,020
 (778)
 12,494
    (2) The following table summarizes the scale and movement of stock options.
The Company
August 2, 2016
Shares
     Company name
 Date of the resolution
 Not exercisable stock options
 Stock options outstanding at April 1, 2020
 Stock options granted
 Forfeitures
 Conversion to exercisable stock options
 Stock options outstanding at March 31, 2021
 Exercisable stock options
 Stock options outstanding at April 1, 2020
 Conversion from not exercisable stock options
 Stock options exercised
 Forfeitures
 Stock options outstanding at March 31, 2021
   The Company
August 2, 2016
         ——
——
——
——
——
76,600 3,102,100
——
— 3,200
76,600 3,098,900
——
(37,292) (32,505) (69,797)
(4,848) 1,215
(2,305) (4,709) (7,014) 4,848 (2,165)
(950)
                                     The following table summarizes the price information of stock options.
The Company
August 2, 2016
The Company
August 2, 2016
Yen
¥1,413
     Company name
    Date of the resolution
    Exercise price
¥1,413
Notes: 1. Valuation allowance decreased by ¥12,716 million. The main reasons for this decrease were an increase in valuation allowance of ¥2,051 million for tax loss carryforwards and a decrease in valuation allowance for deductible temporary difference of ¥14,768 million.
2. Amount of tax loss carried forward and their deferred tax assets by carryforward period are as follows.
       112
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 113
Average market price of the stock at the time of exercise
—
1,217
    Fair value of the stock option at the date of grant
256
256
  
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
Tax loss carried forward (a) Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets
(2) Overview of the merger
(i) Legal form of business combination
SEGA Interactive Co., Ltd. was disappeared on the effective date
(ii) Overview of the companies involved in the merger (As of March 31, 2020)
SEGA Games Co., Ltd. (The surviving company)
¥100 million
Note: SEGA Games Co., Ltd. changed the company name to SEGA CORPORATION as of April 1, 2020.
 Within One to one year two years
¥ 3,123 ¥ 5,147
(3,123) (5,147)
— —
Two to three years
¥ 5,198
(5,197)
1
Three to four years
¥ 2,485
(2,482)
2
Four to five years
¥ 1,804
(1,804)
0
Over five years
¥ 19,638
(19,537)
100
Millions of yen
Total
¥ 37,397
(37,292)
(b) 105
through an absorption-type merger with SEGA Games Co., Ltd. as the surviving company.
     Name
     Planning, development, and sales of game-related contents for mobile phones, PCs, smart devices, and home video game consoles
  Development and sales of amusement machines
  Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower,
1-1-1 Nishi-shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan
   Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower,
1-1-1 Nishi-shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, Japan
   Details of business
    (a) The amount of tax loss carried forward is the amount under the normal effective statutory tax rate.
(b) Regarding the amount of tax loss carried forward of ¥37,397 million (amount under the normal effective statutory tax rate), deferred tax assets of ¥105 million were recorded.
The Company deemed that a partial amount of tax loss carried forward relating to local tax can be recovered mainly in the following fiscal year due to the estimated amount of taxable income.
SEGA Interactive Co., Ltd. (The disappearing company)
¥100 million
 Location
 Capital stock
  Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
Tax loss carried forward (a) Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets
Within one year
One to two years
Two to three years
Three to four years
Four to five years
Over five years
Millions of yen
Total
(3) Overview of the accounting treatment adoption
The merger was treated as a transaction under common control in accordance with the “Accounting Standard for Business Combinations” (ASBJ Statement No. 21, January 16, 2019), and “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Business Combinations and Accounting Standard for Business Divestitures” (ASBJ Guidance No. 10, January 16, 2019).
(Transfer shares of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD.)
SEGA GROUP CORPORATION (SHQ), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, transferred a portion of its shares of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. (renamed GENDA SEGA Entertainment Inc.) (SE) to GENDA Inc. on December 30, 2020. As a result of the transfer of shares, SHQ’s voting rights in SE was 14.9%, and SE was excluded from the scope of consolidation.
(1) Overview of the business divestitures
(i) Name of successor company
GENDA Inc.
(ii) Details of business divestitures
Planning and operation of amusement facilities (iii) Reason for business divestitures
In light of the situation that many of the Group’s business are significantly affected by COVID-19, the Company has established a Structural Reform Committee to reform the organization structure to adapt to the external environment, and working to review the balance sheet for non-business properties, to build an organizational structure that can adapt to changes in the market environment, and to reduce costs centered on group-wide fixed expenses, etc.
As the amusement center operations field in the Entertainment Contents Business is strongly affected by COVID-19, utilization of facilities has declined remarkably, and a significant loss was recorded in the current fiscal year.
The Company had been considering various options in order to adapt to these changes in business aiming for improvement of the profitability and early recovery of sales of the amusement center operations field. In this process, the Company had discussed the transfer of SE shares to GENDA Inc., a company that has a strong desire to expand amusement center operations business and decided to conclude the share transfer agreement at Board of Directors meeting held on November 4, 2020.
(iv) Date of business divestitures
December 30, 2020
(v) Items regarding other transactions including legal form
Share transfer whereby the consideration is specific assets such as cash
(2) Overview of accounting treatment
   ¥ 5,147
 ¥ 5,159
 ¥ 2,476
 ¥ 1,802
 ¥ 1,197
 ¥ 25,048
 ¥ 40,832
 (4,939)
  (5,159)
  (2,476)
  (1,802)
  (1,189)
  (23,776)
  (39,343)
 208
 —
 0
 —
 7
 1,271
 (b) 1,488
     (a) The amount of tax loss carried forward is the amount under the normal effective statutory tax rate.
(b) Regarding the amount of tax loss carried forward of ¥40,832 million (amount under the normal effective statutory tax rate), deferred tax assets of ¥1,488 million were recorded.
The Company deemed that a partial amount of tax loss carried forward can be recovered mainly in the following fiscal year due to the estimated amount of taxable income.
2. Breakdown of major causes of the significant difference between the statutory tax rate and the effective tax rate for financial statement purposes, if any, by item, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
2020 2021 Statutory tax rate 30.6%
(Reconciliation)
Changes in valuation allowance 18.0 Permanently non-deductible expenses including entertainment expenses 2.2 Amortization of goodwill 2.3 Difference of tax rates for consolidated subsidiaries (2.0)
(i) Profit and loss on transfer
Structural reform expenses
(ii) Book values and breakdown of the assets and liabilities of the transferred business
  Current assets Noncurrent assets Total assets
Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities
¥187 million
Millions of yen ¥ 6,881 5,638 12,520 4,920 7,626 12,547
   —%
  —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
                          Tax credit for experiment and research expenses Tax loss carryforward
Effect of adjustment for consolidation
Other
Effective tax rate for financial statement purposes
Note: Notes are omitted for the current fiscal year because the Company posted a loss before income taxes.
17 BusinessCombination
(Transactions under common control)
The merger between consolidated subsidiaries completed as of April 1, 2020 based on the resolution of the Company’s Board of Directors’ meeting held on December 24, 2019.
(1) Objectivesofthemerger
The Company expects the global game market to continue expanding as new game platforms and business models become more widespread
(9.0) 0.9 1.4 4.1
48.4
(iii) Accounting treatment
The difference between the transfer value and book value of the transferred shares on a consolidated basis was recorded as structural reform expenses under other expenses.
(3) Approximate amounts of profit or loss of the divested business included in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the current fiscal year
          114
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 115
with the development of technologies and infrastructures such as 5G and the Cloud. In order to increase the presence of the Group and realize further growth, the Company decided to reorganize the Group because of the necessity of integrating the two major consolidated subsidiaries of the Company, SEGA Games Co., Ltd. and SEGA Interactive Co., Ltd., in order to make reallocation of the domestic R&D resources of the Group more flexibly than ever before, thereby strengthening our competitiveness in global markets.
Net sales
Income (loss) before income taxes
¥19,967 million ¥1,472 million
(Transfer shares of Sega Amusements International Ltd.)
SEGA CORPORATION, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, transferred of its shares of Sega Amusements International Ltd. (“SAI”) to KAIZEN ENTERTAINMENT Ltd. on March 30, 2021. As a result of the transfer of shares, SAI was excluded from the scope of consolidation.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (1) Overview of the business divestitures
(i) Name of successor company
KAIZEN ENTERTAINMENT Ltd.
(ii) Details of business divestitures
Import, sales and manufacture of amusement machines (iii) Reason for business divestitures
In light of the situation that many of the Group’s business are significantly affected by COVID-19, the Company has established a Structural Reform Committee to reform the organization structure to adapt to the external environment, and working to review the balance sheet for non-business properties, to build an organizational structure that can adapt to changes in the market environment, and to reduce costs centered on group-wide fixed expenses, etc.
In the Entertainment Contents Business, sales of amusement machines in the U.S. and Europe declined significantly as it is strongly affected by COVID-19, and a loss was recorded in the current fiscal year.
The Group had been considering various options in order to respond flexibly and efficiently to these changes in business environment and within this process, the Group had discussed the transfer of SAI shares to KAIZEN ENTERTAINMENT Ltd., the newly established company by Paul Williams, SAI’s current CEO, in the MBO method and decided to conclude the share transfer agreement at the Board of Directors meeting held on March 25, 2021.
As for amusement machine sales in the U.S. and Europe territories going forward, the Group has changed the business scheme to grant the right to use Sega brand to SAI.
(iv) Date of business divestitures
March 30, 2021
(v) Items regarding other transactions including legal form
Share transfer whereby the consideration is specific assets such as cash
18 AssetRetirementObligations
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
The information is omitted due to the immateriality of the total amount of the asset retirement obligations.
19 RentalPropertyandOtherRealEstate
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2020)
The information is omitted due to the immateriality of the total amount of the rental property and other real estate.
(2) Overview of accounting treatment
(i) Profit and loss on transfer
Structural reform expenses
(ii) Book values and breakdown of the assets and liabilities of the transferred business
20 SegmentInformation 1. Outlineofreportingsegments
Reporting segments of the Group are the organizational units for which separated financial information is available, and on the basis of which the Board of Directors makes decision on the allocation of management resources and examines financial performance on a regular basis.
Planning of business development and strategies as well as execution of business activities in respect of each product and service is carried out by each Group company that provides such product and service.
As such, the Group comprises segments classified by product and service provided through the business run by each company, in which “Entertainment Contents Business,” “Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business” and “Resort Business” are the reporting segments.
Line of business at each reporting segment is as follows: From the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the order of description of reporting segments has been reviewed. As a result, the order of description for the previous fiscal year has been changed as well.
Line of business at each reporting segment is as follows:
  Current assets Noncurrent assets Total assets
Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities
Millions of yen ¥2,157 1,342 3,499 522 192 715
¥3,120 million
            (iii) Accounting treatment
The difference between the transfer value and book value of the transferred shares on a consolidated basis was recorded as structural reform expenses under other expenses.
(3) Approximate amounts of profit or loss of the divested business included in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the current fiscal year
Segment
Entertainment Contents Business
Pachislot and Pachinko Machine Business Resort Business
Main product and business
Development and sales of consumer game software including Full Game, F2P, etc., and amusement machines, development and operation of amusement centers, planning, production and sales of animated films, development, manufacture and sales of toys
Development, manufacture and sales of pachislot and pachinko machines
Development and operation of hotels and golf courses, etc., in the integrated resorts business and other facilities businesses
        116
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 117
Net sales
Income (loss) before income taxes
¥1,220 million ¥196 million
(Changes to the classification method for reporting segments)
The business operated by SEGA SAMMY CREATION INC., which was included in the Entertainment Contents Business, has been changed to the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, in order to further promote the synergic effects of the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business in the development of gaming machines.
Segment information for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 has been prepared based on the new classification method.
2. Basis of measurement for net sales, income (loss), assets and other items by each reporting segment
The accounting treatment for the Group’s reporting segments is generally the same as described in “Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.” In addition, as an evaluation index for the performance-based remuneration component of bonuses paid to the Company’s officers, the method of measuring segment income has been changed from “operating income” to “ordinary income” from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, from the perspective of a management approach that the company positions “ordinary income,” which is the income obtained by the Group on a recurring basis from the overall business, including equity in earnings and losses of affiliates, etc., as an important target figure.
Segment information for the prior year has been prepared based on the new calculation method.
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
The information is omitted due to the immateriality of the total amount of the asset retirement obligations.
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2021)
The information is omitted due to the immateriality of the total amount of the rental property and other real estate.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 3. Information on the amounts of net sales, income (loss), assets and other items by each reporting segment
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Net sales:
Sales to third parties Inter-segment sales and transfers
Total
Segment income (loss) Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation
Interest income
Interest expenses
Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates
Investments in affiliates accounted for by the equity method
Increases in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Net sales:
Sales to third parties Inter-segment sales and transfers
Reporting segment
Pachislot Entertainment Pachinko Contents Machines
¥247,605 ¥108,508
816 949
Millions of yen
Amount in Consolidated Adjustment financial (Note) statements
¥ 1 ¥366,594
(1,848) —
(1,847) 366,594
(8,402) 25,296
158,498 458,268
1,132 17,193
(110) 247
234 475
Entertainment Contents
Reporting segment
Pachislot Pachinko Machines
Resort
Subtotal
Adjustment (Note)
Millions of yen
Amount in Consolidated financial statements
          ¥217,810
  ¥ 53,198
  ¥ 6,320
  ¥277,330
  ¥ 418
  ¥277,748
 714
 429
 94
 1,238
 (1,238)
 —
 218,525
53,628
6,415
278,569
(820)
277,748
 27,917
 (11,332)
 (8,979)
 7,605
 (5,889)
 1,715
 180,735
 68,603
 30,736
 280,075
 141,524
 421,599
       8,704
  4,183
  957
  13,846
  980
  14,826
 39
246
0
286
(150)
136
 141
 65
 32
 239
 230
 470
 222
  (1,117)
  (4,792)
  (5,687)
  24
  (5,662)
 1,296
 576
 17,146
 19,019
 805
 19,824
 10,471
 3,336
 194
 14,002
 502
 14,504
           Total 248,422
109,458
22,781
81,025
4,286
Resort
¥10,478
82
10,561
(5,354)
37,356
1,103
0
33
(1,623)
22,130
265
Subtotal
¥366,592
1,848
368,441
33,698
299,769
16,061
357
240
(2,823)
23,352
21,977
   Segment income (loss) Segment assets
Other items:
16,272
181,388
         Depreciation 10,670
   Interest income
Interest expenses
Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates
Investments in affiliates accounted for by the equity method
Increases in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
120 236
139 67
(591) (608)
728 493
18,201 3,510
17
803
919
(2,805)
24,156
22,896
Notes: 1. Adjustment to segment income (loss) of ¥(5,889) million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥605 million and general corporate expenses of ¥(6,495) million which are not allocated to each reporting segment. General corporate expenses mainly consist of the expenses of the Group management incurred by the Company.
2. Adjustment to segment assets of ¥141,524 million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥(21,955) million and general corporate assets of ¥163,480 million which are not allocated to each reporting segment. General corporate assets are mainly assets of the Company that are not allocated to each segment.
3. Adjustments to depreciation mainly consist of depreciation associated with the Company.
4. Adjustment to interest income of ¥(150) million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥(345) million and interest income of the Company of ¥195 million. 5. Adjustment to interest expenses of ¥230 million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥(345) million and interest expenses of the Company of ¥575 million. 6. Adjustments to equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates represent equity in earnings or losses of affiliates that does not belong to each reporting segment.
7. Adjustments to investments in affiliates accounted for using equity method represent investments in affiliates accounted for using equity method that do not belong to
each reporting segment.
8. Adjustments to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets mainly consist of purchase amount of noncurrent assets relating to the Company.
9. Segment income (loss) is calculated by adding or subtracting some other income (expenses) on or from operating income. The other income (expenses) are interest
income of ¥136 million, dividends income of ¥356 million, gain on investments in partnership of ¥1,404 million, interest expenses of ¥(470) million, equity in losses of affiliates of ¥(5,662) million, commission fee of ¥(97) million, loss on investments in partnership of ¥(208) million, foreign exchange losses of ¥(487) million, loss on retirement of noncurrent assets of ¥(294) million and other, net of ¥485 million in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
              Notes: 1. Adjustment to segment income (loss) of ¥(8,402) million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥1,416 million and general corporate expenses of ¥(9,818) million which are not allocated to each reporting segment. General corporate expenses mainly consist of the expenses of the Group management incurred by the Company.
2. Adjustment to segment assets of ¥158,498 million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥(15,398) million and general corporate assets of ¥173,897 million which are not allocated to each reporting segment. General corporate assets are mainly assets of the Company that are not allocated to each segment.
3. Adjustments to depreciation mainly consist of depreciation associated with the Company.
4. Adjustment to interest income of ¥(110) million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥(356) million and interest income of the Company of ¥245 million. 5. Adjustment to interest expenses of ¥234 million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥(356) million and interest expenses of the Company of ¥591 million. 6. Adjustments to equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates represent equity in earnings or losses of affiliates that does not belong to each reporting segment.
7. Adjustments to investments in affiliates accounted for using equity method represent investments in affiliates accounted for using equity method that do not belong to
each reporting segment.
8. Adjustments to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets mainly consist of purchase amount of noncurrent assets relating to the Company.
9. Segment income (loss) is calculated by adding or subtracting some other income (expenses) on or from operating income. The other income (expenses) are interest
income of ¥247 million, dividends income of ¥435 million, gain on investments in partnership of ¥616 million, foreign exchange gains of ¥329 million, interest expenses of ¥(475) million, equity in losses of affiliates of ¥(2,805) million, commission fee of ¥(137) million, loss on investments in partnership of ¥(421) million, loss on retirement of noncurrent assets of ¥(193) million, rent expenses of ¥(84) million and other, net of ¥141 million in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
[Related information]
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
1. Informationbyeachproductandservice
This information has been omitted as the same information is disclosed in Segment information.
2. Geographical segment information
(1) Netsales
Japan United States ¥291,242 ¥46,275
Note: Net sales are classified by country or region based on the customer’s location.
(2) Property, plant and equipment
Europe ¥14,610
Other ¥14,465
Millions of yen Total ¥366,594
               118
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 119
Description is omitted, since property, plant and equipment in Japan exceeded 90% of those stated in the consolidated balance sheets.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 3. Information by each major customer
Description is omitted, since there is no external customer to whom sales are 10% or more of the net sales recorded in the consolidated state- ments of income or comprehensive income.
[Information on amortization of goodwill and unamortized balance by each reporting segment] Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Reporting segment
Pachislot Pachinko Machines
¥—
—
Reporting segment
Pachislot Pachinko Machines
Millions of yen
Amount in consolidated financial statements
¥2,043
5,878
Millions of yen
Amount in consolidated financial statements
 Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
1. Informationbyeachproductandservice
This information has been omitted as the same information is disclosed in Segment information.
Amortization
Balance as of March 31, 2020
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Amortization
Balance as of March 31, 2021
Entertainment Contents
¥2,043
5,878
Entertainment Contents
Resort
¥—
—
Resort
Subtotal
¥2,043
5,878
Subtotal
Adjustment (Note)
¥—
—
Adjustment (Note)
     2. Geographical segment information
  (1) Net sales
     Japan
United States
Europe
Other
Millions of yen Total
  ¥190,459
  ¥58,248
  ¥14,099
  ¥14,941
  ¥277,748
   Note: Net sales are classified by country or region based on the customer’s location.
  ¥1,908
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥1,908
 ¥—
 ¥1,908
 4,711
  —
  —
  4,711
  —
  4,711
  (Change in method of presentation)
Sales in the United States, which were included in “North America” in the previous fiscal year, are presented as a separate line item from the current fiscal year due to its increased importance. To reflect this change in presentation, “2. Information by geographical area (1) Net sales” for the previous fiscal year has been reclassified.
As a result, ¥49,027 million presented in “North America” in the previous fiscal year has been reclassified as ¥46,275 million in “United States” and ¥2,751 million in “Other.”
[Information on gain on negative goodwill by each reporting segment] Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Not applicable
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Not applicable
21 Related-PartyTransactions
1. Transactionswithrelatedparties
(1) TransactionsbetweentheCompanyandrelatedparties
1) Non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies of the Company Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
  (2) Property, plant and equipment
Japan
North America
Europe
Other
Millions of yen Total
      ¥52,651
  ¥1,598
  ¥6,879
  ¥488
  ¥61,617
  3. Information by each major customer
Description is omitted, since there is no external customer to whom sales are 10% or more of the net sales recorded in the consolidated statements of income or comprehensive income.
[Information on the amount of impairment loss on noncurrent assets by each reporting segment] Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Impairment loss
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Impairment loss
Name of related individual or company
PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd.
Position and principal business
Resort business
Description of
the Company’s transactions
Provision of security (Note)
Transaction amount
¥22,130
Millions of yen
End of period account balance
   Millions of yen
Amount in Pachislot consolidated
Accounts
    Reporting segment
——
 Entertainment Pachinko Contents Machines
¥356 ¥14
Reporting segment
Pachislot Entertainment Pachinko Contents Machines
Resort
¥—
Resort
Subtotal
¥371
Subtotal
Adjustment (Note)
¥—
Adjustment (Note)
financial statements
¥371
Millions of yen
Amount in consolidated financial statements
Note: For part of the loans from financial institutions to PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd., the shares of the company were Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
provided as a pledge.
Accounts
—
provided as a pledge.
           Name of related individual or company
PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd.
Position and principal business
Resort business
Description of
the Company’s transactions
Provision of security (Note1)
Transaction amount
Millions of yen
End of period account balance
     ¥17,146
—
  ¥17,872
  ¥127
  ¥3,050
  ¥21,050
  ¥40
  ¥21,091
      120
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 121
Note: For part of the loans from financial institutions to PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd., the shares of the company were

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 2) Directors, key individual shareholders, etc., of the Company Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
(2) Transactions between subsidiaries of the Company and related parties
1) Non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies of the Company Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Not Applicable.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
   Name of related individual or company
Hajime Satomi Haruki Satomi
Koichi Fukazawa Hideo Yoshizawa Toshimi Kumagai
Ayumu Hoshino Kazuhiro Sumitani Kenichi Tokumura FSC Co., Ltd. (Note 5)
Position and principal business
Director of the Company
Director of the Company
Chairman of
SEGA SAMMY ARTS FOUNDATION
Director of the Company
Director of the Company
Director of
Sammy Corporation
Director of
Sammy Corporation
Director of
Sammy Corporation
Director of
Sammy Corporation
Non-life insurance agent
Description of
the Company’s transactions
Grant of restricted stock (Note 1)
Receipt of noncurrent asset usage fees (Note 2)
Grant of restricted stock (Note 1)
Payment of donation (Note 3)
Exercise of stock options (Note 4)
Exercise of stock options (Note 4)
Exercise of stock options (Note 4)
Exercise of stock options (Note 4)
Exercise of stock options (Note 4)
Exercise of stock options (Note 4)
Payment of insurance (Note 2)
Millions of yen
End of period Transaction account amount Accounts balance
¥48 — —
23 — —
18 — —
103 — —
11 — —
22 — —
11 — —
11 — —
10 — —
10 — —
12 Prepaid expenses ¥14
Name of related individual or company
ZEEG Co., Ltd.
Position and principal business
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Description of
the Company’s transactions
Purchase of game machine parts
Loan of funds (Note) Collection of loans (Note) Interest income (Note)
Transaction amount
Millions of yen
End of period account Accounts balance
Accounts payable–trade Short-term loans receivable Long-term loans receivable
                ¥3,147
 5,348
 700
 65
  ¥150
 5,725
 1,782
                           Note: The interest rate on loans is determined by taking market interest rates into consideration, and the terms of repayment are 1 to 5 years, with principal to be repaid in a lump sum on the due date and interest to be repaid in annual installments. No collateral is accepted.
    2) Directors, key individual shareholders, etc., of the Company Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
                      Long-term prepaid expenses
1
Name of related individual or company
FSC Co., Ltd. (Note 1)
Position and principal business
Non-life insurance agent
Description of
the Company’s transactions
Payment of insurance (Note 2)
Transaction amount
¥20
Millions of yen
End of period account Accounts balance
Prepaid expenses ¥0
Accrued expenses 0
            Notes: 1. At the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on June 21, 2019, approval was received with respect to the amount of remuneration as monetary compensation receivables provided in order to grant restricted stock. At the Board of Directors Meeting on July 19, 2019, the specific timing of the provision and allocation were determined based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on the business day immediately preceding the date of the Board of Directors Meeting.
2. Transaction prices are determined in the same way as for general transactions and with reference to market prices.
3. The contribution amount of donations to the Foundation has been decided based on approval by the Board of Directors.
4. Exercise of the stock options, which were granted based on the resolution at the interim Board of Directors Meeting held on August 2, 2016, for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2020 are listed. The transaction amount listed herein is calculated by multiplying the number of shares granted upon exercise of stock options for the fiscal
Notes: 1. Hajime Satomi, Chairman and Group CEO, Representative Director, and Haruki Satomi, President and Group COO, Representative Director, directly hold a majority of the shares of FSC Co., Ltd.
year ended March 31, 2020 by the amount of payment upon exercise.
5. Hajime Satomi, Chairman and Group CEO, Representative Director, and Haruki Satomi, President and Group COO, Representative Director, directly hold a majority of
Name of related individual or company
FSC Co., Ltd. (Note 1)
Position and principal business
Non-life insurance agent
Description of
the Company’s transactions
Payment of insurance (Note 2)
Transaction amount
¥0
Millions of yen
End of period account Accounts balance
Accrued expenses ¥0
2. Transaction prices are determined in the same way as for general transactions and with reference to market prices. 3. Consumption taxes are not included in transaction amount.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
   the shares of FSC Co., Ltd.
6. Transaction amounts do not include consumption taxes.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Notes: 1. Hajime Satomi, Chairman, Representative Director, and Haruki Satomi, President and Group CEO, Representative Director, directly hold a majority of the shares of FSC Co., Ltd.
2. Transaction prices are determined in the same way as for general transactions and with reference to market prices. 3. Consumption taxes are not included in transaction amount.
2. Notes on the parent company or significant affiliates
(1) Informationontheparentcompany
Not applicable
            Name of related individual or company
Haruki Satomi
FSC Co., Ltd. (Note 3)
Position and principal business
Chairman of
SEGA SAMMY ARTS FOUNDATION
Non-life insurance agent
Description of
the Company’s transactions
Payment of donation (Note 1) Payment of insurance (Note 2)
Transaction amount
Millions of yen
End of period account Accounts balance
—
Prepaid expenses
Long-term prepaid expenses
   ¥112
 21
   —
 ¥9
 0
         122
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 123
Notes: 1. The contribution amount of donations to the Foundation has been decided based on approval by the Board of Directors.
2. Transaction prices are determined in the same way as for general transactions and with reference to market prices.
3. Hajime Satomi, Chairman, Representative Director, and Haruki Satomi, President and Group CEO, Representative Director, directly hold a majority of the shares of
FSC Co., Ltd.
4. Consumption taxes are not included in transaction amount.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (2) Summarized financial information of significant affiliates
PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. is a significant affiliate in the current fiscal year, and its summarized financial statements are as follows.
23 SignificantSubsequentEvents
(Transactions under common control)
(1) Purposeofcompanysplitandabsorption-typemerger
The Group had been working on structural reform to transform its business structure to adapt to the external environment. Furthermore,
the Company resolved to restructure the organization of the Company and the Group in order to build an even more efficient structure at the Board of Directors meeting held on January 29, 2021, and implemented the split and absorption-type merger with an effective date of April 1, 2021.
(2) Overview of the company of the split
(i) Details of business to be split
SEGA GROUP CORPORATION: Corporate functions and other administrative functions Sammy Corporation: Corporate functions and other administrative functions
(ii) Legal form of business combination
The legal form of the business combination is an absorption-type company split in which SEGA GROUP CORPORATION and Sammy Corporation are the splitting companies, and the Company is the succeeding company.
     ¥ 5,522
 130,407
  10,099
 87,727
  38,102
  16,100
 (10,302)
 (10,302)
  Total current assets Total noncurrent assets
Total current liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities
Total net assets
Net sales
Income (loss) before income taxes Income (loss)
Millions of yen 2020 2021
¥ 17,504 135,684
23,868 80,502
48,816
43,690 (2,816) (2,750)
                      22 PerShareData
Item 2020 2021
(iii) Overview of the companies of the split (As of March 31, 2021)
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
¥29,953 million
(3) Overview of the absorption-type merger
SEGA GROUP CORPORATION
¥44,092 million
Sammy Corporation
¥18,221 million
     Yen
Succeeding company
Splitting company
Splitting company
    Name
     Business management and incidental operations of the Group as a holding company of a comprehensive entertainment corporate group
   Business management and incidental operations of SEGA Group
   Development, manufacturing, and sales of pachinko, pachislot, arrange-ball, and jankyu machines, etc.
  Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower, 1-1-1 Nishi-Shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
  Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower, 1-1-1 Nishi-Shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
  Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower, 1-1-1 Nishi-Shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
   Details of business
   ¥1,236.82
 5.42
 —
  Net assets per share
Net income per share
Net income per share (diluted)
1. Thecalculationbasisfornetassetspershareisasfollows.
¥1,251.02 58.65 58.63
       Location
  Items 2020 2021
 Capital stock
   ¥291,256
 496
 —
 496
 290,759
 235,086
  Total of net assets in the consolidated balance sheets (Millions of yen)
Amounts deducted from net assets in the consolidated balance sheets (Millions of yen) (Subscription rights to shares (Millions of yen))
(Non-controlling interests (Millions of yen))
Net assets available for common stock (Millions of yen)
Number of common stock used to calculate net assets per share (Thousands of shares)
¥296,858 2,755 813 1,941 294,102 235,091
(i) Legal form of business combination
The legal form of business combination is an absorption-type merger with SEGA CORPORATION as the surviving company and SEGA GROUP CORPORATION as the disappearing company.
              2. The assumptions of net income (loss) per share and diluted net income per share are as follows.
Item 2020 2021 Net income (loss) per share:
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent (Millions of yen) ¥13,775 Amount not attributable to common stockholders (Millions of yen) — Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent for common stock (Millions of yen) 13,775 Average number of common stock (Thousands of shares) 234,849
Diluted net income per share:
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent adjustment (Millions of yen) —
Increase of common stock (Thousands of shares) 97
(Stock options (Thousands of shares)) 97
Outline of potential shares not included in calculation of
net income per share (diluted) because of no dilutive effect —
(ii) Overview of the companies in the merger (As of March 31, 2021)
SEGA CORPORATION
¥100 million
(4) Overview of the accounting treatment to be adopted
SEGA GROUP CORPORATION
¥44,092 million
    Surviving company
Disappearing company
   Name
      Planning, development, and sales of game-related contents for mobile phones, PCs, smart devices, and home video game consoles, and development and sales of amusement machines
  Business management and incidental operations of SEGA Group
  Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower, 1-1-1 Nishi-Shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
   Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower, 1-1-1 Nishi-Shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
   Details of business
   ¥1,274
 —
 1,274
 235,090
  —
 —
 —
 —
       Location
     Capital stock
        The merger will be treated as a transaction under common control in accordance with the “Accounting Standard for Business Combinations” (ASBJ Statement No. 21, January 16, 2019), and “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Business Combinations and Accounting Standard for Business Divestitures” (ASBJ Guidance No. 10, January 16, 2019).
    124
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 125

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 24 SupplementalInformation Schedule of corporate bonds
Schedule of asset retirement obligations
Category
Asset retirement obligations
25 Other
Quarterly information for the current fiscal year
(Cumulative period)
Net sales (Millions of yen)
Income (loss) before income taxes (Millions of yen)
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent (Millions of yen)
Net income (loss) per share (Yen)
(Accounting period)
Net income (loss) per share (Yen)
Balance as of April 1, 2020 (Millions of yen)
¥4,949
First three months ¥48,382
(6,453)
(3,301) (14.04)
First quarter ¥(14.04)
Increase during the current period (Millions of yen)
¥930
First six months ¥110,225
(23,175)
(21,716) (92.38)
Second quarter ¥(78.33)
Decrease during the current period (Millions of yen)
¥2,841
First nine months ¥210,177
(8,874)
(6,239) (26.54)
Third quarter ¥65.83
Balance as of March 31, 2021 (Millions of yen)
¥3,038
Current fiscal year ¥277,748
(9,844)
1,274 5.42
Fourth quarter ¥31.97
          Company name
The Company
Total
Security titles
4th unsecured bonds (Publicly offered bonds)
5th unsecured bonds (Publicly offered bonds)
Issuance date
June 15, 2015
October 10, 2019
Balances as of April 1, 2020 (Millions of yen)
¥10,000
10,000
20,000
Balances as of March 31, 2021 (Millions of yen)
¥ —
10,000
10,000 (—)
Interest rate (%)
0.57
0.38
Type
Unsecured
Unsecured
Date of maturity
June 15, 2020
October 10, 2029
              Notes: 1. The figures in parentheses of the “Balance as of March 31, 2021” represent the current portion of corporate bonds. 2. Total amount of scheduled redemption for each fiscal year within five years after March 31, 2021 is as follows:
                Within one year ¥—
Schedule of borrowings
Category
One to two years ¥—
Two to three years ¥—
Three to four years ¥—
Balances as of April 1, 2020 (Millions of yen)
¥ —
13,331 888 42,003 3,434
34
Four to five years ¥—
Millions of yen Over five years ¥10,000
                                Short-term loans payable
Balances as of March 31, 2021 (Millions of yen)
¥—
— 1,136 42,000 4,808
26
118 48,089
Average interest rate (%)
—
— 1.6 0.4 1.8
1.2
1.5 —
Repayment period —
—
— 2022–2025 2022–2031
—
2022–2030 —
     Current portion of long-term loans payable due within one year
Current portion of lease obligations
Long-term loans payable (Excluding current portion) Lease obligations (Excluding current portion)
Other interest-bearing debt:
Accounts payable—facilities
Accounts payable—facilities (Excluding current portion)
                    145 Total 59,837
          Notes: 1. “Average interest rate” represents weighted-average interest rate over the year-end balance of loans.
2. The average interest rate on lease obligations is not listed because lease obligations are posted on the consolidated balance sheets mainly as the amount before
deduction of the amount of interest included in the total lease amount.
3. The redemption schedule of long-term loans payable, lease obligations and interest-bearing debt (excluding current portion) after March 31, 2021 is summarized
as follows:
Long-term loans payable Lease obligations
Other interest-bearing debt:
Accounts payable—facilities
One to two years ¥10,000 1,038
26
Two to three years Three to four years ¥17,000 ¥15,000 881 648
20 13
Four to five years ¥ — 536
12
Millions of yen Over five years ¥ — 1,703
45
                              126
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 127

Independent Auditor’s Report
   128 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 129

Independent Auditor’s Report
   130 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 131

Independent Auditor’s Report
   132 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 133

SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower, 1-1-1 Nishi-Shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0033, Japan www.segasammy.co.jp/english/