
Sammy has been working to improve the reusability of pachislot and pachinko machine components by working from the design and development stages to standardize components, circuit boards, and units, and set targets for the number of reusable components in 2016. In the fiscal year ended March 2021, the recovery rate for reused components reached 89.7% and the recycling rate for pachislot and pachinko machines was 98.6%. Sammy will continue its efforts to maximize the benefits of reuse.
Sammy is also working with other manufacturers to develop platforms for components and units as part of industry-wide efforts to reduce environmental impact.

The Group is pursuing optimization in all areas of the pachislot and pachinko machine value chain, including development, manufactur- ing, and sales. Through these efforts, we aim to reduce environmen- tal impact by cutting back on component use while also promoting the reuse of components, which is supporting an improvement in business profitability.

We are improving the efficiency of reuse activities by expanding the range of reused components and increasing the ratio of stan- dardized components and materials.

At the design and development stages, we are designing products with reuse in mind, including measures such as promoting common components and increasing the range of reused components.

At the production stage, we have consoli- dated previously dispersed component warehouse functions at the site of the neighboring Kawagoe Factory and are facilitating efficient component recycling and reuse.

We are striving to strengthen relationships with pachinko halls and establish a cycle of reuse and recycling by selling pachinko machine boards that help reduce invest- ments when introducing new machines.

The Group seeks to ensure proper disposal of used pachislot and pachinko machines that have reached the end of their lives of bring- ing joy to customers. We therefore promote recycling by offering trade-in programs with regard to our own machines and by utilizing an industry association collection system. We also participate in the used pachislot and pachinko machine collection system developed by industry associations to implement more advanced recycling measures (reduction of weight and appropriate treatment).