The Group began to implement initiatives against addiction follow- ing the establishment of the Society for Research on Pachinko Addiction in 2003. The Recovery Support Network (RSN), which was created in 2006 with the support of various groups within the industry, has also introduced a wide range of initiatives, including awareness-raising activities and telephone helpline services.
Activities During Pachislot and Pachinko Addiction Awareness Week
Pachislot and Pachinko Addiction Awareness Week is held in Japan every year from May 14 to May 20 with the aim of raising awareness about pachislot and pachinko addiction. Centered around Aware- ness Week, in addition to holding forums to broaden understanding of these issues, industry organizations are also engaged in Aware- ness Week poster campaigns and other activities.

At the World Health Assembly in May 2019, the World Health Orga-
nization (WHO) recognized “gaming disorder” as a disease, defining it as a pattern of excessive online and video gaming.
In Japan, the Computer Entertainment Supplier’s Association (CESA), the Japan Online Game Association (JOGA), the Mobile Content Forum (MCF), and the Japan eSports Union (JeSU) jointly established a study group to conduct surveys and research relating
to phenomena triggered by gaming, and to educate the public about appropriate ways to enjoy gaming.
The four organizations are currently carrying out collaborative surveys and research about gaming disorder and exploring countermeasures for the future. The Group will continue to address these issues appropriately in cooperation with the study group.

SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS and Kyoto University are jointly con- ducting a process research project* on gambling addiction, which involves the collection and analysis of data on progression in gambling behavior. The purpose of this research is to discover advance warning signs of dangerous gambling behavior by collecting and analyzing playing data from casinos.
The Group plans to use the results of this research to establish systems for the early identification of players showing signs of addiction, so that steps can be taken to prevent escalation. We will also establish facility operations that encourage users to exercise self-control and restraint. In this way, we aim to develop an inte- grated structure for gambling addiction countermeasures, from education and prevention through to treatment in collaboration with
medical institutions and other organizations.
Studies to date have analyzed playing data. In particular,
research focused on examining the effects of prior wins or losses on subsequent betting behavior in the process of repeated gambling. Playing data for the card game baccarat were analyzed. Results from the joint research showed that repeated gambling behavior results in a tendency to increase the size of wagers, regardless of whether the gambler wins or loses, and that this pattern is especially conspicuous after a win. It was also found that the percentage of people who will engage in risky gambling tends to increase after repeated wins. These results were also published in the research journal International Gambling Studies.
* This research project is being carried out from December 2017 to March 2023 at the Kokoro Research Center Kyoto University.