To realize our Mission of Constantly Creating, Forever Captivating,
the Group is striving to Be a Game Changer. This is the shared com- mitment of the Group. We formulated The SEGA SAMMY Group Vision for HR Reform s as our guiding principles in the area of human resource development, with the aim of maintaining our role as an innovator in a rapidly changing business environment. The vision represents a departure from traditional human resource administra- tion styles based on seniority and on rigid structures. Its goal is to provide a strategic direction for change that will allow us to maxi- mize the core qualities leveraging diversity of each Group company and each individual while also realizing our strengths as a Group. We have also identified three elements and five priorities with the aim of creating fields in which personnel who demonstrate aspirations and high abilities can play an active role.
In addition, each Group company will approach human resource development with the aim of instilling S.S. FIVE —Our Core Quali- ties— Drive, Empathy, Initiative, Control, Resolve as the basis for behaviors that leverage diversity. We will also maximize the value of our human assets across Group divisions by basing job appoint- ment and dismissal decisions on aspirations and abilities, and by reflecting results and contributions in remuneration.
SS Developing Remote Working Environments
To ensure the safety of its employees during the COVID-19 pan-
demic, the Group has adopted workstyles that combine remote and onsite work according to work and operational requirements. We will continue our efforts to prevent the spread of the disease while maintaining and improving productivity.

One of the social issues faced by same-sex couples is the fact that they are not legally recognized as being married, with the result that they are unable to enjoy the rights and the services that are available to families as a matter of course. SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS treats same-sex partners on an equal footing with spouses under its vari- ous internal systems.
Currently, notarized declarations are required when making applications relating to a same-sex partner, but we also plan to accept partnership certificates issued by the Famiee Project.

In June 2020, Sega of America, Inc. responded to growing support
for the “Black Lives Matter” anti-racism movement by issuing a statement condemning discrimination against people of color. In addition, in March 2021, both Sega of America, Inc. and SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS expressed their support for efforts to eradi- cate all forms of racial discrimination and violence following a rapid increase in the number of hate crimes being committed against people of Asian descent.