In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machine Business, we provide safe,
high-quality products and services through proactive ingenuity and effective quality improvement. We have also set a zero target for significant defects with the potential to affect safety.


The Revised Amusement Businesses Law Enforcement Ordinance, in effect since July 2004, is primarily intended to control excessive gambling elements on pachislot and pachinko machines and pre- vent improper modifications. Adhering to this ordinance, the Pachis- lot and Pachinko Machines Business has established a special group to collect market information and build pachislot and pachinko machines that are resistant to abuse in order to prevent users from illegally manipulating the machines for illicit benefit. To combat improper modifications, which are becoming increasingly complex, we monitor and manage the distribution of pachislot and pachinko machines to completely eradicate any machines that have been illegally modified from the market.

In response to suspicious solicitations for "sakura/uchiko" by people posing as representatives of the Company or SEGA SAMMY Group, as well as groundless walkthroughs and strategy guides that have been circulating in some areas of the market, we are implementing various countermeasures and encouraging cau- tion via the Sammy website, leaflets, and other means.

In the Consumer area of the Entertainment Contents Business, we label product packaging, user manuals and other tools for home video game software in accordance with the relevant laws and regu- lations, industry group guidelines, and internal rules. By applying clear and appropriate labels, we ensure that customers can use our products and services with confidence. We also clearly specify the range of users for each product and actively address any ethical concerns. Our products are labeled according to assessments conducted in countries around the world. In Japan, we indicate the target age group for each game based on the CERO* ratings system and also label products in accordance with our own volun- tary standards. By drawing on expertise accumulated through the CERO rating system and case studies, we have formulated guide- lines that cover nine categories and 26 items. We are also working to improve employee awareness by circulating information about recent ethical issues relating to expressions used in products in Japan and overseas through our email newsletter.
