 CORPORATE REPORT 2020
Kyosan Electric Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
 
  Kyosan Corporate Code of Conduct / Action Guideline
Kyosan Electric Mfg. Co. and its affiliates aim to become a reliable company that creates and improves safety and security for the people. Toward this end, we will contribute in the improvement of social comfort through constant dedication to the development of new technologies, and attain traffic and lifeline safety through providing products and services that match the needs of our customers.
As good corporate citizens, we will always maintain “honesty, high ethics,” and a “strong sense of responsibility and involvement” in all of our business dealings, and we will act proactively with the awareness for “innovative ideas meeting challenge” and “speed and consistency.” We shall execute the practice of this corporate code of conducts by leading by example as one of our most important responsibilities, and will promulgate these principles to all employees, thereby infusing a spirit of cooperation and harmony throughout the organization. We will strive to build a corporate foundation that is flexible in its response to various management crises through full internal control, while exerting the utmost effort toward the permanent ongoing development of the enterprise, making positive contributions to the community and maintaining the confidence of our customers.
 KYOSAN VISION
Continuously ensuring safety and peace of mind for the future
Corporate Philosophy
Management Objectives
Corporate Vision
Based on the themes of “Safety and Reliability” and “Global Environment Conservation,” we will contribute to “the development of society and a better quality of life” with our advanced technologies and high-quality assurance.
Perpetual growth of the Kyosan Group
Happiness of all the people who work hand in hand with us Appropriate returns to stakeholders
Envisioned corporate image:
First and Foremost in Reliability - KYOSAN
Leading company that provides safety and peace of mind Global corporation that respects the cultures of all countries Effective corporate governance
We shall therefore
1. Put our customers first
2. Constantly Innovate
3. Comply to Law
4. Engage in Fair Business Practices
5. Provide Proactive Disclosure
6. Respect Individual Employee
7. Be a Good Corporate Citizen
8. Manage Risk
9. Protect the Environment and the Planet
We shall do everything in our power to provide products and implement services that will achieve a high degree of customer satisfaction. All of our business activities shall be constantly steeped in the concept of ‘put our customers first’.
We shall constantly strive to develop and advance leading edge technologies that will help to make products that are highly functional, of the highest quality, and that are friendly to the environment and people, while protecting and enhancing our intellectual properties.
We shall engage only in business activities that are fair, sound, legal and ethical, and fully compliant with the applicant laws and regulations and the highest principles of ethics and social mores.
We shall endeavor to follow sound business practices in all of our business areas, to be fair and transparent at all times, and to conduct appropriate business dealings. We shall maintain sound and normal relationships with politicians and government administrations and take a firm stand against antisocial forces.
We shall provide proactive disclosure of all our business activities to our shareholders and to everyone affiliated with our company in a timely manner, in order to be an “open and trustworthy company.”
We shall endeavor to ensure that all employees are respected as individuals and, by so doing, create a rich, abundant, workplace that provides satisfaction and a deep sense of fulfillment for all employees.
We shall contribute to society through first and foremost being a good corporate citizen in all of our business undertakings.
In regard to significant management risks including catastrophic disasters and accidents, we shall endeavor to take preventive and predictive measures; and at the same time, to build a structure to prevent the occurrence and expansion of loss.
We shall endeavor to implement eco-friendly policies that will help bring about a society that is gentle to the earth and to the people living in it.
       Co
Strong sense of responsibility and involvement
Honesty and high ethical standards
Code of nduct
Diversity
Action Guidelin
Challenge
Speed
es
Innovation
     Corporate Profile
1 KYOSAN VISION
3 History of Kyosan
5 Kyosan in Daily Life
7 The Kyosan Brand — Spreading Worldwide
9 Approach to SDGs
1
Growth Strategy 11
11 Top Message
Business Overview 15
15 Kyosan’s Business Areas
17 Signaling Solutions Business 19 Power Electronics Business
Management System
21 Executive Members
25 Corporate Governance
29 Risk Management
30 Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
21 CSR (Environmental and
Social Activities) 31
31 Initiatives to Improve Quality and Reduce Environmental Load
35 Initiatives for Utilization and Development of Human Resources
37 Social Engagement Initiatives 39 Material Procurement
Data Section
41 Financial Highlights
42 Non-Financial Highlights
43 Financial Data and Non-Financial Data
45 Corporate Data
46 Stock Information
47 Offices/Group Companies
40
Scope of Report
In principle, this report covers Kyosan Electric Manufacturing Co., Ltd. and its affiliates.
Period Covered by Report
This report covers the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (April 2019 to March 2020), but also includes some information from before and after that period.
Caution Regarding Forward-looking Statements
Forecasts regarding future performance contained in this report are based on judgments and assumptions using information currently available to the Company.
Accordingly, please be advised that actual performance may differ substantially from stated forecasts, due to uncertainty inherent in such judgments and assumptions, as well as changes in business operations and internal or external circumstances.
      1 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 2

1920
  1923
1931
         1964
  1969
1984
  1986
2000
1936
2016
1958
2019
1963
1991
1998
           2003
2004
 2014
    History of Kyosan
1989
       Our Path Over the Century and Beyond
Kyosan Electric Manufacturing Co., Ltd. was first established as Tokyo Denki Kogyo Co., Ltd. at Kanda-Awajicho, Tokyo on September 3, 1917.
Ever since then, the Company has been developing and producing various products, among which are many Japan’s and world’s firsts.
To keep contributing to the world for the future with its solid experience over a century and rich creativity - that is the mission and never-fading pride of Kyosan.
For the safety and comfort of people throughout the world, we will keep proposing solutions that meet a variety of needs.
¥72.8
billion
2013
Signaling system for Harbin Metro Line 1
2014
Fully digitalized Class-D RF generator
Waterproof traffic signal controller
2016
FY2019
                1981
Passenger information system for Shinjuku Expressway Bus Terminal (won the 2016 Good Design Award)
Transparent Platform Screen Doors
2017
Entry-avoidance system [Shika Fumikiri (Deer- collision prevention system at level crossing)] (won the 2017 Good Design Award)
CBTC system for new transport system
2018
Train Departure Signaling System for Keikyu Shinagawa Station
(won the 2018 Good Design Award)
2019
Lightweight partial-height platform screen doors
2010 2019
                1920
Relay
1921
Impedance bond
1923
Electromechanical interlocking
Automatic block signaling device
1925
Electric point machine
Railway crossing alarm
1926
Electric interlocking
1917 1920
1931
Compact car (Kyosan-go)
Cuprous oxide rectifier
Traffic signal
1932
Trip arm type ATS device
1933
Relay interlocking Equipment
1930
Total management system for bus service
Signaling system for medium distance transit systems (for unattended train operation)
1982
Computer-based CTC system for U.S. Amtrak Mule (railway car mover)
1984
Electronic interlocking Equipment
2000
Partial-height platform screen door (Platform door)
Class-D 13.56MHz RF generator
2003
Point machine attached to sleeper (TCK-1)
2004
Gap filler
2005
HSST commercial operation launched <Tobu Kyuryo Line>
2007
Signaling system for the Taiwan High Speed Rail
ARTEMIS traffic signal Controller Profile signal control system
2000
2002 ISO 14001 certified.
            1936
CTC system
1937
Car Retarder <Shin-Tsurumi Yard of Japan National Railways (Current “JR”)>
1940
1950
Selenium rectifier
1958
Silicon rectifier
1950
1963
ATC system for the Tokaido Shinkansen Line
1964
Automatic-response traffic signal Controller
1969
Total Traffic Control System (TTC)
1960
1974
Wide area Traffic Control System
1978
ATC systems for the Tohoku and Joetsu Shinkansen Lines
1986
LED traffic information display for traffic control
1989
Traffic Control System for Shenzhen, China
Signaling system for normal conducting HSST maglev system
<Yokohama Exotic Showcase ’89>
1991
Smooth-braking ATC system
1998
Centralized electronic interlocking Equipment
Traffic control ITS equipment for Nagano Olympic
1990
1993 Capitalization increased to ¥6.27
billion.
1995 ISO 9001 certification granted to Power Converter Division
(currently Power Electronics Division).
1996 ISO 9001 certification granted to Railway Signal Division and Traffic Systems Division (currently Traffic Control Systems Division).
     1917 Company established as Tokyo Denki Kogyo Co., Ltd., in Kanda-Awajicho,Tokyo.
Commenced manufacture and sales of electro- medical apparatuses and other electrical machinery and devices.
1926 Company name changed to Kyosan Electric Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
1928 Constructed and transferred corporate office and factory to the current location.
Merged with the limited partnership Kyosan Shokai and Nippon Electric Application Co., Ltd.
1949 Stock listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
3 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 4
1970 Consolidated net sales from FY1977 1980
History Products Japan’s first World’s first
Trends of net sales

 Kyosan in Daily Life
 Platform
 Kyosan’s technologies and products support our daily traffic, lifelines and production facilities, and contribute to the development of society and a better quality of life.
Partial-Height Platform Screen Doors
Partial-height platform screen doors are devices that physically block the platform from the railway tracks, thereby preventing people from falling from the platform onto the tracks and enhancing platform safety.
Stations, Airports, Bus Terminals
Passenger Information Display Systems
These systems provide passengers with the information they need in a timely and easily-to-understand manner, by combining visual display and audio announcements, according to installation location and usage, such as at train stations, airports, and bus terminals. The information displays are built according to universal design principles, and feature a diverse product lineup, including models with displays on one or both sides, as well as models that can be installed outdoors, depending on installation location.
Police Stations
Road Traffic Control System
        Electric Power Companies
Power supply systems for Communications Devices
Communications, which can be said as the foundation of information society where speed and capacity are increasing, are supported by high-precision, highly reliable power supplies. Kyosan’s power supplies are widely used in the telecommunications facilities that link the world, such as mobile communications and data centers.
Semiconductor/FPD Manufacturing Equipment
Digitally Controlled RF Systems
This compact high frequency power supply employs Class-D RF amplifiers with high conversion efficiency. It is incorporated in the manufacturing equipment used worldwide, including semiconductor devices, flat panel displays, and organic EL devices.
Railway Signaling
Train Control Equipment
This system ensures the safety of passenger transport by automatically controlling train speeds or stopping trains in order to reliably prevent train collisions and derailments.
Interlocking Equipment
Interlocking Equipment guarantee safe operation by controlling the routes followed by trains, as well vehicles in stations and depots. By ensuring the interrelationships between signals and point machines, etc., these systems secure safe routes for the trains to follow.
Total Traffic Control System
This system monitors the state of operations and automatically controls the signals and routes according to a timetable to operate multiple trains efficiently in each line section.
Road traffic control systems collect and analyze driving information on vehicles in the area and implement optimal traffic signal control according to constantly changing road traffic conditions, and provide useful traffic information to drivers based on the collected data.
              Electric Power Companies
Semiconductor/FPD Manufacturing Equipment
Airports
Stations
Bus Terminals
Roads
Intersections
           Police Stations
        Platform
        Railway Signaling
Level crossing
          Major Roads
                                        Level crossing
Level Crossing Control Equipment
To prevent collision accidents at level crossings where railway tracks intersect with roads, we provide different types of control equipment offering a high level of safety and reliability including level crossing barriers, obstruction detectors and warning devices.
Main Roads
Traffic Information Displays
This information display provides drivers with moment-to-moment traffic information on constantly changing road conditions. Equipped with high-intensity LEDs, this product realizes both multi-color display and energy savings.
Roads
Vehicle Detector
Vehicle detectors are used to collect traffic information for signal control, and the collected data is also provided to the Vehicle Information and Communication System (VICS) Center.
Intersections
Road Traffic Signal Controllers/Road Traffic Signal Unit
Road traffic signal controllers provide safe and smooth road traffic by conducting traffic control according to the situation, and perform advanced traffic control to alleviate traffic congestion.
LED road traffic signal units are more compact and thinner, while also ensuring superior visibility, and realizing further energy savings.
         5 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 6

                 The Kyosan Brand — Spreading Worldwide
Powering the World — Through our Various Products.
Alleviation of Traffic Congestion
Traffic Management Solutions
ARTEMIS* Traffic Signal Control System
Kyosan, in collaboration with the national institution NEDO (The New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization) and NRI (Nomura Research Institute, Ltd.), succeeded in drastically alleviating traffic congestion while conducting a demonstration project of its advanced traffic signal system “ARTEMIS,” which was implemented jointly with the Moscow Government Center of Traffic Regulation in Russia. ARTEMIS was also installed on Moscow Avenue in the center of the city of Voronezh in southwestern Russia, starting operations in January 2018, as well as in Anhui Province, China, starting operations in October 2017.
We are promoting the diffusion of ARTEMIS also in other countries and regions.
Opening of
Extension Line
Railway Signaling Solutions
Signaling System for Harbin Metro Line 1
In April 2019, the extension of Metro Line 1 in Harbin, P.R.China, opened with its five new stations, after the 3rd phase of construction project for extending the line by 8.6km towards the south from Harbin South Station. Kyosan participated in this project by delivering signaling systems such as ATP ground equipment, electronic interlocking equipment, ATO ground equipment and onboard equipment. The metro line, which has been operating without accident since its opening in 2013 under harsh winter conditions with temperature often dropping to -40°C or lower, has become an indispensable infrastructure for the urban life in Harbin.
CBTC System
                                Conventional signaling control
Autonomous distributed signaling control
Each signaling control system individually decides optimum parameter.
Extend the number of seconds for the green signal, because demand is set to increase.
4 vehicles will pass in 20 seconds.
Able to predict how many vehicles come to the intersection in how many seconds!
 Traffic control center
80 vehicles passed during the last 5 minutes, so work out the right number of seconds for the next green signal...
Operates as directed by the traffic control center.
        Cannot cope with sudden fluctuations in demand!
Railway Signaling Solutions
Signaling System for Macao LRT Taipa
Line
In operation since December 2019, the Taipa Line of Macao LRT is equipped with Kyosan’s Communications- Based Train Control (CBTC) system. The Taipa Line of Macao LRT is a new transportation system that mainly serves Taipa district of Macao SAR, P.R.China, with a track linking Ocean Station with Taipa Ferry Terminal Station (9.3km, 11 stations). The signaling unit supplied by Kyosan supports the fully unmanned and autonomous operation of the line.
Supporting
Modernization
Railway Signaling Solutions
Signaling System for Myanmar National Railway
KYOSAN signed a contract to supply a signaling system to Myanmar National Railway for its track between the cities of Bago and Taungoo (approx. 196km). As part of “Yangon-Mandalay Railway Improvement Project Phase 1” by a yen loan, the project aims to support the renovation and modernization of aging rail facilities and equipment. By enabling a safer operation of faster trains as well as an enhanced transportation capacity both for passengers and freight, it is expected to accelerate the development of Myanmar’s economy.
Semiconductor/FPD
Manufacturing Equipment
Power Conversion Solutions
Our Power Conversion Solutions are incorporated in manufacturing equipment for semiconductor devices and flat panel displays in China, South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, the U.S.A. and Germany, supporting the most advanced technology and productivity around the world.
* ARTEMIS: Autonomous and Real-Time signal control based on Estimation traffic demand for Minimization of Signal waiting time
Railway Signaling Solutions
Traffic Management Solutions
Power Conversion Solutions
   7 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 8

Approach to SDGs
The Kyosan Group’s Initiatives for SDGs
Based on the themes of “Safety and Reliability” and “Global Environment Conservation,” the Corporate Philosophy of the Kyosan Group leads us to use our advanced technologies and high level of quality assurance for supporting “the development of society and better quality of life.” It is under such philosophy that the Group will continue to take part in the efforts towards a sustainable society, by aligning its own goals with SDGs, and improving its existing technologies for further application to transportation systems, lifeline utilities and production facilities across the world.
Signaling Solutions Business
To provide safety and comfort to the future railway environment across the world, we will ensure a constant evolution of our technologies as our greatest strength, and keep adapting our products to the needs of global railway companies.
By merging our ARTEMIS with cutting-edge technologies, we will continue to propose human-and- environment-friendly solutions for mobility.
Power Electronics Business
By developing high-efficiency products meeting market needs and promoting their global distribution, we will contribute to “highly efficient and stable operation of production facilities” as well as “safe and stable operation of lifeline utilities” across the world.
R/D (Research & Development) Center
As a base for open innovation that seeks co-creation with external partners, we will develop research and development activities that contribute to the creation of new social values.
Our efforts to address social challenges through education, sports, etc. will be shared with partners such as public offices, schools and companies, chiefly in Yokohama where the Company is based.
We will accelerate our efforts to ensure a work environment where employees can easily exercise their abilities through diverse working styles, as well as recruitment and training of talents with a global outlook who respect all cultures. We will also strive to reinforce our actions based on the Company’s “Quality and Environmental Policies.”
[Current approach]
Providing signaling solutions based on new technologies, such as CBTC and autonomous driving system, which are designed to enable simplified equipment and improved operating efficiency Providing platform doors at lower cost (including cost of equipment and installation) to encourage the equipment of train station platforms with safety facilities Reducing maintenance workload of railway signaling systems by developing products to enable automated data analysis and detection of potential failure signs Contributing to the implementation of high-speed mass transportation, both in Japan and abroad, through the supply of signaling systems Participating in infrastructure projects overseas in a community-based manner, through technology transfer to, or on-site production at, our affiliates in Taiwan, India, etc.
[Approach for the future]
Developing train control systems of next generation utilizing AI, 5G, GNSS, etc. to enable automated and energy-saving control with minimized hardware Consolidating the management of maintenance-related information collected from railway business operators in a cloud environment, and providing services such as checkup, replacement and analysis Using image recognition technologies, sensors and AI to develop an autonomous driving system that meets GoA4 (top standards of autonomous driving of trains) Developing a total traffic control system that collects information about stations, trains and areas along the track, to optimize the operation interval and speed of trains
[Approach to current and future challenges]
Using cutting-edge technologies to further sophisticate our signaling control system ARTEMIS to develop our participation in infrastructure projects overseas Participating in infrastructure projects in a community-based manner through technology transfer to, or on-site production at, our affiliate in China Offering products designed to enhance resilience against natural hazards, by reducing traffic accidents arising from power outage in disaster zones (with additional power supply device for road traffic signal), preventing failure (with waterproof road traffic signal controller) or anticipating hazards (with road flooding warning display system) caused by floods
[Approach to current and future challenges]
Developing highly reliable and long-life power source to enable efficient and stable operation of production facilities Developing high-load compatible and compact products using lithium batteries
Strengthening global partnerships
[Approach to current and future challenges]
Utilizing satellite communications, portable cordless telephone and other IoT technologies to develop mobility systems that enable seamless movement of people Providing opportunities to acquire knowledge and skills which are required for promoting sustainable development by selecting research subjects and inviting researchers including from outside
[Current approach] *You can find the detailed descriptions of our approaches in pages 37 and 38 of this report. Participatingintechnicalandvocationaleducationprogramsonsuchsubjectsas“RoleofRailwaySignals”and“CreationofThings,”asascienceandtechnologyadvisortoYokohamaMunicipalYokohamaScienceFrontierHighSchoolanditsaffiliatedjuniorhighschool Sponsoring Yokohama Marathon in which the Company’s staff participate as volunteers to help all runners (including women, foreigners and runners with disability) enjoy the event Sponsoring Yokohama FC of J1 Soccer League, and supporting a program entitled “Let’s Play with Yokohama FC!” aiming to improve physical fitness of elementary school children Participating in “W-eco·p,” a project aiming to conserve the water source environment of Yokohama
Donating food supply vehicle and facilities to the Akshaya Patra Foundation in India through Kyosan India Private Limited
[Current approach]
Introducing an age 65 retirement system and expanding post-retirement rehiring scheme
Supporting the social advancement of female employees, promoting reduced work hours and leave benefits for employees engaged in childcare or nursing care, implementing measures to support the development of young population by encouraging male employees to take more childcare leave, promoting work style reform to reduce overtime work Implementing Kyosan QMS, granting Eco Rail Mark product certification
Promoting reuse of packaging materials by using recyclable materials
 Sustainable Development Goals
Today, the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) constitute a universal language which is shared by governments, corporations, associations and individuals across the world. As suggested by the examples of local governments proposing SDG-based measures against the outbreak of COVID-19 currently threatening the world, it is quite obvious that the importance of SDGs will grow even more in the future.
 Addressing social challenges through business activities
Priority SDGs for Kyosan
Social challenges we face
Providing safe and stable railway transportation system
Developing human- friendly products
Reducing traffic congestion and environmental loads
Promoting infrastructure projects overseas
Our approach to solutions
Specific solutions (products, projects, etc.)
 Social infrastructure projects across the world
   Sustainable management base
Sustainable growth of society through creation of new values
  Addressing social challenges through social engagement initiatives
Healthy life of people
High-quality education programs including advanced technical or vocational training for children and education through sports
  Ensuring peaceful and motivating work environment
Promoting diversity
Improving quality and reducing environmental load
       Railway Signaling Solutions
 Traffic Management Solutions
                9 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 10

Top Message
 Maintaining Stability, Responding to Social Requirements and Ensuring Steady Growth of the Company
In terms of profit, while the Power Electronics Business registered a decrease in profit due to the decline in revenue, the Signaling Solutions Business achieved an increase in profit as a result of the increase in revenue, but profit was pushed down- ward by development costs associated with large- scale projects. As a whole, we recorded a decline in profit as the drop in our Power Electronics Business could not be offset.
Although our consolidated results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 were not severely affected by COVID-19, our current business condi- tions are becoming more and more exposed to the impact of the pandemic. We expect that this will cause repercussions on the consolidated results for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021. I would like to elaborate on this point later.
Progress of Our Medium-term Management Plan and Future Outlook
The Kyosan Group has been proceeding with its three-year medium-term management plan that ends with the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021. However, the global spread and prolongation of the impact of the COVID-19 infections has been causing significant changes in the business conditions based on the initial plan and a lack of continuity has been seen between the first and second year. For this rea- son, we decided to extend the term of the plan by one year. Going forward, we will do our best to achieve the goals of the current medium-term man- agement plan, while taking necessary measures in response to changes in the business environment.
This plan sets forth “optimal management sys- tems,” “promotion of Kyosan QMS (quality manage- ment system) and improvement of labor
productivity,” “R&D that contributes to society,” and “maximum use of human resources” as our four company-wide strategies. As a result of executing these in conjunction with our business strategies, we have made steady progress with our efforts based on each strategy and achieved results in the past two years.
Regarding the progress of our company-wide strategies, as part of our efforts to optimize the man- agement system, we have worked to further improve our corporate governance by, among other means, increasing the number of outside directors from two to three in June 2019, and establishing a Nomina- tion and Remuneration Committee in August 2019. We will continue to enhance the effectiveness of our Board of Directors and ensure the fairness and appropriateness of our management. In terms of the Group’s employees, we will thoroughly instill aware- ness of compliance and social responsibility into our employees in order to improve our corporate value. We will also endeavor to reinforce our information management and security systems to ensure the se- curity and proper management of our information assets.
Regarding labor productivity, we have worked to improve operational efficiency by integrating in- tra-group accounting systems and introducing new equipment. Furthermore, by taking our response to COVID-19 as an opportunity, we have promoted measures such as introduction of work-from-home arrangements, review and reorganization of duties as well as outsourcing of routine tasks, and we have made progress in terms of our efforts to build a system in order to make a transition to a highly profitable corporate structure. Going forward, we are planning to accelerate our efforts to improve produc- tivity, while accommodating diverse work styles such as introducing a flextime work schedule.
 TOKODAI Tsutomu
Representative Director, President, CEO
Looking Back on the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020
Looking back on the conditions of each business, our Signaling Solutions Business secured the same level of orders as in the previous fiscal year, although it received less orders for large-scale projects. Net sales exceeded those achieved in the previous fiscal year as the renewal of automatic train control equip- ment by domestic railway operators remained favor- able and traffic management solutions also remained strong.
Our Power Electronics Business secured more orders than in the previous fiscal year, by meeting the front-loaded demand for next-generation semi- conductor manufacturing equipment. However, its net sales dropped chiefly in power supplies for
industrial equipment, due to continued stagnation in the semiconductor and FPD markets.
Regarding our overseas activities, electronic interlocking system equipment for China and elec- tronic interlocking systems for Indian Railways con- tributed to orders received and sales in the Signaling Solutions Business. Besides receiving an order for a project to supply signaling systems in Myanmar, we actively sought to develop our business overseas through efforts including the expansion of distribu- tion of our advanced traffic signal system “ARTE- MIS” to Russia and China and the establishment of a subsidiary in Poland. However, overall revenue overseas decreased due to a decline in net sales of the Power Electronics Business, causing a drop in the ratio of overseas sales to 21.7% from 26.1% in the previous fiscal year.
Company-wide Strategies
Optimal management system
Business Strategies
Signaling Solutions Business
Increasing our share of existing domestic customers and products Developing new products and expanding our maintenance facilities through the use of IoT and AI technology
Expanding the development of overseas business through collaboration with overseas bases, cooperating companies, and local partner companies
Power Electronics Business
Expanding our market share by strengthening our ability to respond to customer demands and enhancing our product lineup
Developing high-value-added products with new functions and new items Establishing production, procurement, and quality assurance systems from a global perspective that can handle more orders received
    Promotion of Kyosan QMS Improvement of labor productivity
 R&D that contributes to society
  11 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 12
Maximum use of human resources

Top Message
In terms of R&D, in May 2020 we newly estab- lished the R/D (Research & Development) Center within the premise of our Tsurumi head office as an open innovation hub to achieve co-creation with external partners. Based on a long-term perspective in the span of 10 to 20 years, the Center will be engaged in R&D activities that contribute to the creation of social values.
Regarding human resources, we extended the mandatory retirement age to 65 starting from April 2019 to resolve labor shortage issues and ensure the succession of techniques and skills to young generations. In parallel with this, we started review- ing our personnel evaluation systems and reinforcing
our personnel training programs, with a view to making a transition to an organization that attaches importance to the mission and results of each em- ployee.
We will continue to further promote our compa- ny-wide strategies and business strategies to steadi- ly bring out results by accelerating our global expansion through speedy and efficient business operations and enhanced response capabilities.
Forecast for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2021
For the current fiscal year, we foresee that there will be an increasing impact from the COVID-19 pan- demic in the Group’s business environment, and we expect that the Signaling Solutions Business will suffer a decline in revenue compared with the previous fiscal year. Even though there are con- cerns that the Power Electronics Business may be impacted by the growing trade frictions between the United States and China, we are anticipating an increase in revenue compared to the previous fiscal year as the semiconductor market is expected to recover from the end of the fiscal year. However, we expect to see an overall decline in revenue compared to the previous fiscal year. In terms of profit, even though there are negative factors asso- ciated with the overall decline in revenue, we ex- pect that profit will remain unchanged from the level in the previous year owing to the elimination of development-cost issues associated with large- scale projects in the Signaling Solutions Business as well as expected effects from improved labor productivity, in addition to the contribution of our Power Electronics Business.
Based on the above, as consolidated results for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, we forecast orders received of ¥78,000 million (down 6.8% year-on-year), net sales of ¥70,000 million (down
3.9% year-on-year), operating income of ¥3,000 million (down 1.5% year-on-year), ordinary income of ¥3,300 million (down 1.3% year-on-year), profit attributable to owners of parent of ¥2,200 million (up 11.4% year-on-year).
As measures against the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group will place top priority on securing the safety of our clients and partners as well as our employees and their families, and we will thorough- ly take preventive measures against infections such as introducing work-from-home arrangements and t w o - t e a m s h i f t s c h e d u l e s i n t h e p l a n t s a n d c o n t i n - ue our business in order to fulfill our role as a com- pany that supports social infrastructure. At the same time, we will continue our efforts while taking this challenge as an opportunity to review and improve how we work and proceed with our busi- ness.
Toward Achieving Sustainable Growth
We share the “KYOSAN VISION” throughout the entire group. This is our corporate vision that guides us in our efforts to achieve further develop- ment during the second century since the Compa- ny’s foundation. The “KYOSAN VISION” represents our willingness to contribute to the development of society and the improvement of quality of life while setting forth safety and reliability as the core of our business that supports transportation infrastructure and production activities and making efforts to protect the global environment. The vision also includes each element of ESG (Environment, Soci- ety, Governance), which is required for sustainable development of a company.
The Signaling Solutions Business grows along with the development of transportation infrastruc- ture, and the Power Electronics Business supports
Realizing KYOSAN VISION
Extended to four years terminating with FY ending March 31, 2022
Company-wide strategies
      April 2018
 our client companies by going beyond the fluctua- tion of demand. As a prerequisite for business continuity, both businesses must grow steadily while maintaining stability and meeting society’s needs without relying on hasty expansion. Going forward, we will utilize the R/D Center in our efforts to create social value such as the development of technologies and products that will contribute to the reduction of environmental load. We plan to fur- ther enhance our corporate value by focusing on our social contribution activities through our over- seas business and building ties with local commu- nities.
Finally, we will make our best efforts to enhance returns for and communication with our sharehold- ers, aiming to be a company that makes all stake- holders involved with the Group happy and say, “I’m glad that I did business with you,” “I’m glad that I owned your stock,” or “I’m glad that I joined this company.” We appreciate your continued support over the long term in the future.
  Orders received
(Millions of yen)
100,000 75,000 50,000 25,000
Net sales
(Millions of yen)
100,000 75,000 50,000 25,000
Operating income
Profit attributable to owners of parent
83,932
81,862
83,671
78,000
(Forecast)
70,000
(Forecast)
(Millions of yen)
6,000
4,000
2,000
5,071
(Millions of yen)
6,000
4,000
2,000
 73,905
69,305
72,810
        3,229
3,044
3,000
(Forecast)
3,692
2,305 1,974
  2,200
(Forecast)
  0000 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
    13 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 14
Business strategies
Current Medium-termManagement Plan
Second Century since Foundation

                                                            Kyosan’s Business Areas
Kyosan’s Technology Contributes to a Various Means of Communication
Signaling Solutions Business
Railway Signaling Solutions
Power Electronics Business
Sales composition ratio
  Sales composition ratio
  80.4
19.6
    %
Traffic Management Solutions
Since Kyosan commercialized its cuprous oxide
rectifier and supplied it to the Ministry of Railways
and the Ministry of Communications from 1931 to
1932, our products have been widely used in power
supplies for railway signals, communications devices
and industrial equipment, for which a stable power supply
is required. In particular, radio frequency (RF) power supplies, which have a large market share for plasma generation, have become a key technology that support production efficiency as the “only one technology” at the core of industrial power supplies.
Main Products
<Power Supplies for Industrial Equipment> Digitally Controlled radio frequency Power Supply (RF Power Supply) System Digitally Controlled DC Converter
<Power Supplies for Electricity, Signaling, and Communications Equipment>
Uninterrupted Power Supply (UPS)
DC Power Supply
%
Beginning with the domestic production
of relays and impedance bonds in
Kyosan’s early days, the company has
created electromechanical interlocking
equipment, relay interlocking equipment, and
CTC equipment, all of which were firsts in Japan, and began exporting products to Taiwan, Burma (now Myanmar), Thailand and India in the 1950s. The success of our ATC equipment, with the opening of the Tokaido Shinkansen in 1963 firmly established Kyosan’s train control technology. Since then, Kyosan has continued to provide railway signaling solutions that meet all types of needs.
  Main Products
Total Traffic Control System (TTC, PRC, etc.)
Centralized Traffic Control Device Operational Timetable Management System
Train Detection Equipment, Various Track Circuit Equipment
Automatic Train Control Equipment (ATC)
Automatic Train Operating Device (ATO)
Automatic Train Stop Device (ATS) Communications-Based Train Control (CBTC) System Information Transmission Device Overrun-protection System (ORS) Relay Interlocking and Electronic Interlocking Equipment
Various Simulator Systems
Equipment Supervision System
Level Crossing Control Equipment Point Machines
LED Color Light Signals
Platform Doors
Gap Filler
Passenger Falling Detector (Mat Switch) Approaching-train Warning Displays (Flash Light Strip along Platform Edge) Platform Fall Warning Device
(Lighting Device to Light Up the Gap Between the Platform Edge and Car Body)
Information Systems
(Information Display Devices, Automatic Broadcasting Devices, etc.)
Bus Traffic Control System
Funeral Hall Display System
Entry/Exit Control System
Main Products
Traffic Management Solutions
Various Traffic Signaling Control Equipment
LED Road Traffic Signal Unit
Vehicle Detector Pedestrian Sensors Optical Beacon
Since supplying traffic signal devices to Tokyo City in 1931, Kyosan has handled a wide range of road traffic-related equipment, including traffic signal equipment and display devices. Today, Kyosan aims to develop “people-friendly traffic management solutions,” such as emergency power supply units that operate traffic signals for a certain period of time in the event of power outages caused by disasters, and waterproof traffic signal controllers.
     LED Traffic Information Display
Terminal Section Wireless Transmission Devices Voice-guidance Pushbutton Boxes Power Supply Units for Signals
Target Devices
                                     15 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 16
                                           
  Business Overview
Signaling Solutions Business Railway Signaling Solutions/Traffic Management Solutions
Results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
In railway signals solutions, orders received exceeded those of the previous fiscal year, including orders for signaling equipment for Kaminagaya Rail Yard (Yokohama City Transportation Bureau) and the Sotetsu-Tokyu Direct Line (Japan Railway Construction, Transport and Technology Agency), ATC system and platform doors for JR and other private or public railway companies, electronic interlocking system equipment for China, and electronic interlocking system for Indian Railways. Net sales increased year-on-year, including sales of signaling equipment for the Tokaido Shinkansen Line (Central Japan Railway Company), platform doors for Osaka Metro, electronic interlocking system equipment for China, and electronic interlocking system for Indian Railways.
In traffic management solutions, both orders received and net sales exceeded those of the previous fiscal year, due to expanded sales of traffic signal controllers and road traffic signal units, as well as our proprietary waterproof traffic signal controllers, and the continuation of demonstration projects overseas for advanced traffic signal systems.
As a result, the Signaling Solutions Business recorded orders received of ¥67,902 million (up ¥696 million year-on-year), net sales of ¥58,546 million (up ¥5,300 million year-on-year), and segment profit of ¥7,130 million (up ¥1,763 million year-on-year).
  Providing safety and peace of mind to the global market through ever progressing technical capabilities
KUNISAWA Ryoji Director and Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Railway Signal Division
For over a century since its foundation, Kyosan has been contributing to the “peace of mind” of railway users by providing domestic and overseas railway companies with products whose technology is rooted in safety. While addressing recent significant changes in the market environment, the company supplied Macao LRT with CBTC signaling system, commercialized lightweight partial-height platform screen doors, and developed AI- or IoT-based system for constant monitoring of signal equipment in the previous fiscal year. In India, approximately 230 railway stations are now equipped with Kyosan’s
electronic interlocking systems.
In the future, the railway market in Japan is expected to undergo
significant changes due to the declining birth rates and aging of population. We will use our cutting-edge technologies to provide solutions for autonomous driving to supplement the shortage of train operators, introduction of CBM (Condition Based Maintenance) of signaling equipment to supplement the shortage of maintenance staff, and efficient and energy-saving maintenance and management of equipment for local railway tracks. In overseas markets, we will propose new technologies and products adapted to the local needs. With its ever-progressing technical capabilities, Kyosan will continue to provide safety and peace of mind to the global market and contribute to the future of the railway business.
        Promotion of product development and global expansion adapted to changes in the business environment
ARAI Masato Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Traffic Control Systems Division
For 90 years since it launched the production and distribution of road traffic control systems, Kyosan has been pursuing its goal to realize safe and comfortable society by developing and providing a variety of related-products to
prevent traffic accidents and reduce traffic congestion. We have recently commercialized products including waterproof traffic signal controllers capable of countering a series of heavy rainfall disasters and traffic signal controllers with power supply units operable even in the event of power outages.
I believe that our major challenge in the future is how we can adapt to significant technological advancement such as AI, IoT, and 5G. The government of Japan announced a measure to “utilize traffic signals for 5G networks,” aiming to use approximately 200,000 units of traffic signals across Japan as base stations of 5G by making them available to telecom operators. Kyosan will also participate in the demonstration tests starting this fiscal year at different locations. There is no doubt that 5G technologies will impact autonomous driving that will be realized in the near future, and we will proceed with our product development incorporating cutting-edge technologies.
In overseas countries, smart city projects are underway, including those involving the Intelligent Transportation System (ITS). We will promote our global expansion, by developing ITS products compatible with required specifications, quality and environment in each region and participating in the smart projects.
 Orders received
Net sales
¥67,902
(Up 1.0% year-on-year) (Millions of yen)
75,000 60,000 45,000 30,000 15,000
million
¥58,546
(Up 10.0% year-on-year) (Millions of yen)
75,000 60,000 45,000 30,000 15,000
million
          00 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
  17 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 18

        Business Overview
Power Electronics Business
Power Supplies for Industrial Equipment and Power Supplies for Communication Equipment
      Results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Orders received exceeded those in the previous fiscal year as a whole. This was due to favorable performance of power supplies for communication equipment primarily targeting railways operators and a year-on-year increase in orders received for power supplies for semiconductor manufacturing equipment in power supplies for industrial equipment, despite a decrease in orders received for power supplies for FPD manufacturing equipment.
Sales declined overall from the previous fiscal year due to reduced capital investment in power supplies for industrial equipment despite a year-on-year increase in power supplies for communication equipment against the backdrop of favorable orders since the previous fiscal year.
As a result, the Power Electronics Business recorded orders received of ¥15,768 million (up ¥1,112 million year-on-year), net sales of ¥14,263 million (down ¥1,795 million year-on-year), and segment profit of ¥1,429 million (down ¥1,339 million year-on-year).
  Strengthening business structure in view of a shift toward medium- to long-term growth path
TOHO Hisazumi Director and Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Power Electronics Division
Although the Power Electronics Business initially started by producing power supplies for communications and signaling equipment, its main business now focuses on power supplies for industrial equipment targeting semiconductor manufacturing equipment and FPD manufacturing equipment.
Net sales of the business used to be in the level of ¥10.0 billion. However, it has grown to achieve a level of ¥15.0 -20.0 billion as a result of expansion of industrial power supplies.
While the semiconductor market is in a temporary lull, the logic semiconductor is returning to a growth track again, due to demand mainly related to 5G, and the memory semiconductor is expected to recover after the start of the new year.
Although the impacts of COVID-19 and trade frictions between the United States and China are uncertain, applications that drive the consumption of semiconductors are further expanding in various fields such as IoT, AI, and autonomous driving. Therefore, our prospects of medium- to long-term growth remain unchanged, even though there may be minor deviations in timing.
Under such conditions, we focus on power supplies for semiconductor manufacturing equipment and seek to further strengthen our business structure in view of a shift toward medium- to long-term growth path.
 Orders received
Net sales
¥15,768
(Up 7.6% year-on-year) (Millions of yen)
20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000
million
¥14,263
million
(Down 11.2% year-on-year) (Millions of yen)
20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000
          00 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
  19 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 20

Management System
Executives (As of October 1, 2020) Directors
TOKODAI Tsutomu
Representative Director
(In charge of Internal Auditing Office)
Reason for election
Mr. Tsutomu Tokodai was appointed to Director of the Company in 2006 and to Representative Director in 2012, and has led the Group management as CEO. The Company elected him as Director to seek his abundant experience and knowledge in management to be utilized for the Company’s management, and for the enhancement of corporate value.
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
ONODERA Toru
Representative Director
Reason for election
Mr. Toru Onodera was appointed to Director of the Company in 2012 and to Representative Director in 2018. The Company elected him as Director to seek his abundant experience and knowledge, mainly in Control Headquarters and Business Headquarters, to be utilized for the Company’s management, and for the enhancement of corporate value.
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
TOHO Hisazumi
Director
Reason for election
Mr. Hisazumi Toho has abundant experience and knowledge accumulated through his service at Nippon Life Insurance Company. He was appointed to Director of the Company in 2008 and supervised Corporate Planning Dept., and currently, as General Manager of Power Electronics Division, leads the Division. The Company elected him as Director to seek his abundant experience and knowledge, mainly in Control Headquarters and Business Headquarters, to be utilized for the Company’s management, and for the enhancement of corporate value.
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
YOSHIKAWA Takashi
Director
Reason for election
Mr. Takashi Yoshikawa has abundant experience and knowledge accumulated through his service at The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd. He was appointed to Director of the Company in 2009 and has supervised Legal Dept. and Finance & Accounting Dept. The Company elected him as Director to seek his abundant experience and knowledge mainly in Control Headquarters, to be utilized for the Company’s management, and for the enhancement of corporate value.
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
      August 1974 April 2003
April 2006
June 2006 April 2009
April 2010 April 2012
April 2015 June 2015 April 2018
Joined Kyosan
General Manager, Manufacturing Control Dept., Power Converter Division (currently Power Electronics Division), Kyosan
Executive Officer, Kyosan
General Manager, Power Converter Division (currently General Manager, Power Electronics Division), Kyosan
Director, Kyosan
Managing Executive Officer, Kyosan
Deputy General Manager, Planning and Control Headquarters, Kyosan Chief Managing Executive Officer, Kyosan
General Manager, Planning and Control Headquarters, Kyosan Representative Director and President, Kyosan
COO, Kyosan (current position)
President and Executive Officer, Kyosan
President, Kyosan (current position)
Representative Director, Kyosan (current position)
CEO, Kyosan (current position)
KUNISAWA Ryoji
Director
Reason for election
Mr. Ryoji Kunisawa has business experience primarily at Railway Signal Division, and currently, as General Manager of Railway Signal Division, leads the Division. The Company elected him as Director to seek his abundant experience and knowledge, mainly in Business Headquarters, to be utilized for the Company’s management, and for the enhancement of corporate value.
May 1979 October 2000
April 2007
April 2009 April 2012 June 2012 April 2015 June 2018 April 2019
Joined Kyosan
General Manager, Management Dept., Power Converter Division (currently Power Electronics Division), Kyosan
Executive Officer, Kyosan
General Manager, General Affairs Dept., Kyosan
General Manager, Personnel Dept., Kyosan
Managing Executive Officer, Kyosan
Director, Kyosan
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Kyosan (current position) Representative Director, Kyosan (current position)
General Manager, Group Management Headquarters, Kyosan (current position)
Outside
March 2003 March 2007
June 2008 July 2008 April 2010 April 2015
General Manager, 2nd Corporate Finance Dept., Nippon Life Insurance Company
General Manager, 1st Corporate Finance Dept., Headquarters, and General Manager, Kyushu Area Corporate Finance Dept., Nippon Life Insurance Company
Director, Kyosan (current position)
Executive Officer, Kyosan
Managing Executive Officer, Kyosan (current position)
General Manager, Power Converter Division (currently General Manager, Power Electronics Division), Kyosan (current position)
June 2005 April 2007
June 2008 April 2009 June 2009 July 2009 April 2010
Executive Officer, General Manager, Sagamihara-Ekimae Branch, and General Manager, Sales Headquarters, North Prefectural Block, The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager, Kawasaki Branch, and General Manager, Sales Headquarters, Kawasaki/Keihin Block, The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
Director and Executive Officer, The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd. Director, The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
Director, Kyosan (current position)
Executive Officer, Kyosan
Managing Executive Officer, Kyosan (current position)
    Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
April 1984 October 2011 April 2014 April 2019
June 2019
Joined Kyosan
General Manager, Railway Signal 4th Engineering Dept., Kyosan Executive Officer, Kyosan
Managing Executive Officer, Kyosan (current position)
General Manager, Railway Signal Division, Kyosan (current position) Director, Kyosan (current position)
April 1974 July 2001 June 2003
June 2006
June 2007 April 2014 June 2015 June 2016 June 2019
Joined Tokyo Buhin Kogyo Co., Ltd. (currently TBK Co., Ltd.) General Manager, Finance Dept., Tokyo Buhin Kogyo Co., Ltd.
Director, General Manager, Corporate Planning Dept., Tokyo Buhin Kogyo Co., Ltd.
Senior Executive Officer, General Manager, Finance Dept., TBK Co., Ltd.
Representative Director and President, TBK Co., Ltd. Representative Director and Chairman, TBK Co., Ltd. Senior Advisor, TBK Co., Ltd.
Advisor, TBK Co., Ltd. (current position)
Director, Kyosan (current position)
October 1997 April 2000
March 2011 April 2012
June 2014 March 2015
June 2019
Passed the bar exam
Registered as a lawyer (Daini Tokyo Bar Association)
Joined MARITAX LAW OFFICE
Admitted to practice as a lawyer in the State of New York Conciliation Commissioner, Tokyo Summary Court (current position)
Bar Exam Committee Member (Administrative law)
Lawyer, SAKAMOTO TESHIMA & KITAMURA Law and Accounting Office (current position)
Director, Kyosan (current position)
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
*Independent Officer: Registered as an independent officer with the Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc.
21 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 22
Independent
Outside
Independent
Outside
Independent
 SUMITANI Hiroshi
Outside Director
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Reason for election
Mr. Hiroshi Sumitani has abundant experience accumulated through his service at TBK Co., Ltd. and broad knowledge based on his experience as a corporate manager. The Company elected him as Outside Director because he is expected to improve transparency of the Board of Directors and strengthen its supervisory function.
KITAMURA Mihoko
Outside Director
Reason for election
Ms. Mihoko Kitamura has highly technical knowledge as a legal expert and broad insight with a global perspective accumulated in her career as a lawyer. The Company elected her as Outside Director because she is expected to improve transparency of the Board of Directors and strengthen its supervisory function.
New appointment
SASA Hiroyuki
Outside Director
Reason for election
Mr. Hiroyuki Sasa has abundant experience accumulated through his service at Olympus Corporation and broad knowledge based on his experience as a corporate manager. The Company elected him as Outside Director because he is expected to improve transparency of the Board of Directors and strengthen its supervisory function.
* The name of Ms. Mihoko Kitamura in an official family resister is Mihoko Teshima.
April 1982 April 2001
April 2005
June 2007
April 2012
April 2019 June 2020
Joined Olympus Optical Co., Ltd. (currently Olympus Corporation) General Manager, Endoscope Business Planning Dept., Olympus Optical Co., Ltd.
Division Manager, First Development Division, Olympus Medical Systems Corp.
Corporate Officer, Olympus Corporation Director, Olympus Medical Systems Corp. Representative Director, Olympus Corporation President, Olympus Corporation
Director, Olympus Corporation Director, Kyosan (current position)

Management System
Audit and Supervisory Board Members
KANNO Tsutomu
Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Board Member
Reason for election
Mr. Tsutomu Kanno has abundant knowledge mainly in Business Headquarters and insight based on his experience as a corporate manager of a subsidiary of the Company. The Company elected him as Audit and Supervisory Board Member because he is expected to utilize his insight for the auditing systems of the Company.
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
Executive Officers (As of October 1, 2020)
    UEDA Joichi
Audit and Supervisory Board Member
Reason for election
Mr. Joichi Ueda has business experience mainly at Internal Auditing Office, General Affairs Dept. and Legal Dept. The Company elected him as Audit and Supervisory Board Member because he is expected to utilize his experience for the auditing systems of the Company.
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
TOKODAI Tsutomu ONODERA Toru TOHO Hisazumi YOSHIKAWA Takashi KUNISAWA Ryoji NISHIDA Shigenobu SONODA Hiroshi MINE Takashi
ARAI Masato KIMURA Satoshi FUJII Tatsuya OTSUKA Yasuyuki TAMAKI Toshiya MURAKAMI Yoichi SHIMIZU Jun
HONDA Takashi Trevor Warner
Bob Wu
TADOKORO Masahiro SAITO Katsunari KANZAWA Kenjiro
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Operating Officer (COO) General Manager, Group Management Headquarters
General Manager, Power Electronics Division
In charge of Legal Department, Finance and Accounting Department and Purchasing Department
General Manager, Railway Signal Division
In charge of Intellectual Property Department, OA System Center, Development Center and Technical Quality Management Center
General Manager of Osaka Branch Office
Vice-General Manager of Railway Signal Division In charge of Industrial Engineering Department
General Manager of Traffic Control Systems Division
Vice-General Manager of Railway Signal Division
In charge of Corporate Planning Department and Facilities and Safety Management Department, and General Manager of Corporate Planning Department
In charge of Personnel Department and Products Custody Department
In charge of General Affairs Department and Investor and Public Relations Department, and General Manager of General Affairs Department
Vice-General Manager of Railway Signal Division
In charge of Global Business Development & Marketing Department and General Manager of Global Business Development & Marketing Department
Vice-General Manager of Railway Signal Division and General Manager of Quality Control Department of Railway Signal Division
Vice-General Manager of Power Electronics Division
General Manager of Taiwan Branch
In charge of Purchasing Department General Manager of Purchasing Department
In charge of OA System Center General Manager of OA System Center
General Manager of Finance and Accounting Department
 President
 Senior Managing Executive Officer
 Managing Executive Officer
 Managing Executive Officer
 Managing Executive Officer
 Managing Executive Officer
 Managing Executive Officer
 Managing Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
 Executive Officer
                April 1972 April 1996 June 2004 April 2015 May 2019
June 2019
Joined Kyosan
General Manager, Traffic Control Sales Planning Dept., Kyosan Executive Officer, Kyosan
Representative Director and President, Kyosan Seiki Co., Ltd. Audit and Supervisory Board Member, Kyosan Seiki Co., Ltd. (current position)
Audit and Supervisory Board Member, Kyosan (current position)
May 1980 October 2003 June 2004 April 2008 April 2014 June 2019
Joined Kyosan
General Manager, Compliance Office, Kyosan
General Manager, General Affairs Dept., Kyosan
General Manager, Internal Auditing Office, Kyosan
General Manager, Legal Dept., Kyosan
Audit and Supervisory Board Member, Kyosan (current position)
              March 2001 May 2001 May 2010
June 2010 June 2013 June 2016
June 2019 June 2019
General Manager, Tamachi Branch, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd. (currently, MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
General Manager, Himonya Branch Office, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd.
Deputy Director, Headquarters, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. (currently, MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
Managing Executive Officer, MST Insurance Service Co., Ltd. Managing Director, NIPPON CARBIDE INDUSTRIES CO., INC. Representative Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer, NIPPON CARBIDE INDUSTRIES CO., INC.
Audit and Supervisory Board Member, Kyosan (current position) Outside Corporate Auditor, SMK Corporation (current position)
Outside
Independent
Outside
Independent
NISHIMURA Fumio
Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member
Reason for election
Mr. Fumio Nishimura has financial knowledge accumulated through his years of service at financial institutions and broad insight based on his experience as a corporate manager. The Company elected him as Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member because he is expected to utilize his experience for the auditing systems of the Company, with his supervision on the management and valuable advice.
ENOMOTO Yukino
Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member
Reason for election
Ms. Yukino Enomoto has highly technical knowledge and deep insight as a legal expert accumulated in her career as a lawyer. The Company elected her as Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member because she is expected to utilize these for the auditing systems of the Company.
          Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
October 1997 April 2000
April 2007 June 2019
Passed the bar exam
Registered as a lawyer (Yokohama Bar Association (currently
Kanagawa Bar Association))
Joined Yokohama Sogo Law Office
Partner, Yokohama Sogo Law Office (current position)
Audit and Supervisory Board Member, Kyosan (current position)
Biography and Status of Important Concurrent Positions
          *Independent Officer: Registered as an independent officer with the Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc.
23 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 24

Management System
Corporate Governance
Our Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors comprises eight directors (including three outside directors), and is chaired by an outside director. The Board holds an ordinary meeting once per month, in principle, and extraordinary meetings as necessary to consider, approve, and decide on matters provided by laws and regulations, matters related to management plans, and other important matters related to our organization, systems, personnel affairs, financial affairs, facilities, and labor agreements. The Board of Directors also supervises the execution of operations.
Management Council
The Management Council consists of directors involved in the execution of operations, executive officers, full-time audit and supervisory board members, and other officials appointed by the president. The Management Council holds an ordinary meeting twice per month, in principle, and extraordinary meetings as necessary to make decisions at an executive level to ensure that important management matters determined by the Board of Directors are executed without fail, discuss appropriate methods of execution, and confirm that they have been executed. The Management Council also deliberates on matters to be submitted to the Board of Directors, important matters related to sales, technologies, and production, matters related to subsidiaries, and other important matters such as special assignments mandated by the representative director.
Audit and Supervisory Board
The Audit and Supervisory Board consists of four auditors (including two outside audit and supervisory board members).
The Audit & Supervisory Board decides the audit policy, etc. The Board receives reports on the result of auditing by individual audit and supervisory board members and those on the result of accounting auditing by the
accounting auditor as required. Furthermore, the Board also closely cooperates with the accounting auditor, the internal auditing office, audit and supervisory board members of subsidiaries, etc. to grasp the operation status of internal control.
Audit and supervisory board members attend meetings of the Board of Directors and other important meetings related to management to check the soundness of business operation and transparency of the decision- making process. Moreover, they mainly verify the legality, adequacy and validity of operations carried out by directors through hearing from the directors and reviewing the critical corporate authorization documents. Full-time audit and supervisory board members attend the Management Council and report the results to the Audit and Supervisory Board.
Scale and diversity of the Board of Directors and the Audit and Supervisory Board
Eight directors are appointed who possess diverse and rich backgrounds and insight, among whom at least one-third of the allotted number are independent outside directors, and one is a female director.
With regard to the Audit and Supervisory Board, half of the members are independent outside audit and supervisory board members, including one lawyer, one member who possesses financial knowledge cultivated over many years working at financial institutions, and one female member.
The attendance rate of outside directors at the Board of Directors meetings was 97.7% and the attendance rate of outside audit and supervisory board members at both the Board of Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board meetings was 100%, respectively. (In FY2019, the Board of Directors and the Audit and Supervisory Board held 15 meetings each.)
 Kyosan Electric Manufacturing believes excellent governance means operating for the benefit of all stakeholders, through fair and open businesses managed from a long-term perspective as a going concern that balances both environmental and social considerations,
while aiming to maximize shareholder value. Based on this principle, we strive to establish healthy and functional corporate governance, and to build a corporate ethics system that ensures the transparency and soundness of corporate activities.
Overview of Our Corporate Governance System
 The Company has chosen to operate with the Audit and Supervisory Board. In doing so, we can bolster our system of corporate governance by enhancing the functions of the Board of Directors, while benefiting from the supervising function of individual auditors.
We have also introduced an officer system, enabling us to enhance the functions of the Board of Directors, which makes decisions at the highest level and supervises management, while facilitating the execution of operations by officers. Meanwhile, we have appointed outside directors and outside company auditors to bolster the functions of management supervision and observation.
Directors are appointed for terms of one year, to ensure
Correlation diagram of internal control based on the corporate governance system
Report Collaborate
Internal Auditing Office
Investigate
Instruct Report
Representative Director President
Management Policies
Management Council
(Executive Officers)
Instruct and Execute Operations
Business Execution Organization (Divisions and Head Office Functions)
Report
Compliance Committee
Risk Management Committee Management and Financial Risk Committee
Disaster Risk Committee Information Risk Committee
Number of Outside Officers
3
2
5
that they are accountable in their role of improving management practices and building a management system that can respond quickly and flexibly to changes in the operating environment.
In addition, Kyosan establishes a Nomination and Remuneration Committee as an optional advisory body to the Board of Directors, in order to strengthen the supervisory function of the Board of Directors by ensuring the objectivity, timeliness, and transparency of procedures for nominating directors and determining remuneration. The committee consists of up to five members, the majority of whom are independent outside directors.
  Elect Audit
Accounting Auditor
Collaborate
General Meeting of Shareholders
 Assess
Report Collaborate
Report Elect
Audit and Supervisory Board
(4 Audit and Supervisory Board Members including 2 Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members)
Report
Elect
<Management and Supervision>
   Audit
Board of Directors
(8 Directors including 3 Outside Directors)
 Report
Supervise and Decide
Advisory
The Nomination Remuneration Committee
<Execution of Operations>
 Report
(As of June 19, 2020)
Percentage of the Board of Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board
   Instruct
Number of members
8 (1 of whom is female)
4 (1 of whom is female)
12 (2 of whom are female)
Number of Independent Officers
3
2
5
Independent Officers
37.5%
50.0%
41.7%
            Help Line
Board of Directors
Audit and Supervisory Board
Total
Female 12.5%
25.0%
16.7%
Audit Operations and Assess Internal Controls
 Collaborate
 25 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 26
Subsidiaries

Management System
Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Based on the opinions from Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, the Company strives to improve the method of operation and agenda items of the Board of Directors’ meetings in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. In addition, the Company also conducts an anonymous questionnaire survey on the Board of Directors for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, with the aim of further securing and improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, and requests an external organization to aggregate and analyze the survey.
By conducting an evaluation by the Board of Directors based on aggregation and analysis of the results of the survey, a certain degree of positive evaluation has been given to the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Efforts to secure and improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors will be continuously implemented.
Executive Remuneration
At the Board of Directors’ meeting held on February 21, 2020, the Company adopted the “Regulations on Directors’ Remuneration,” which set forth policies regarding the determination on the amount of remuneration for executives and the calculation method thereof. The said regulations provide that inside directors shall receive two types of remunerations: fixed remuneration, the amount of which is determined according to their role, scope of the area of responsibility and the magnitude of impact on the Group’s management; and bonuses, the amount of which is determined in accordance with individual performance. Outside directors shall receive fixed remuneration only.
For auditors, the amount of their remuneration is determined by mutual consultation among auditors within the limit of remuneration amount resolved at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
The Board of Directors has the authority to determine policies regarding the amount of remuneration for executives and the calculation method thereof. The Board’s authority and scope of discretion cover all matters within the scope of the limits of the remuneration amount decided at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
The adequacy and objectivity of all matters regarding remunerations for directors are ensured through deliberation and recommendation by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, an arbitrary advisory body to the Board of Directors.
Internal Control System
As a company that is closely linked to public needs, the public interest, and community safety, we believe that it is essential to have a strong sense of responsibility, integrity, and ethics, while complying with laws, regulations, and community standards. Based on this belief, we have created an internal control system for the Company,
including its Group companies.
In terms of systems to ensure compliance in the
execution of duties with laws, regulations and the Articles of Incorporation, and other systems to ensure the appropriateness of operations, the Board of Directors has resolved the following.
   Systems to ensure that the execution of duties by directors and employees of the Company and directors, etc. (directors, personnel who execute operations, and other persons equivalent to the persons above) and employees of subsidiaries complies with laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation
Systems for storage and management of information concerning the execution of duties by directors
Regulations and other systems for the management of the risk of losses of the Company and subsidiaries
Systems to ensure that directors and directors, etc. of subsidiaries execute their duties efficiently
Systems to ensure the appropriateness of operations of the Company and subsidiaries
Matters related to employees appointed to assist auditors at the request of auditors
Systems for reporting to auditors and other systems to ensure that persons who have made reports are not treated unfavorably due to the aforementioned reports
Systems to ensure that the audit of auditors is carried out effectively
Evaluation and Analysis Process
    Questionnaire for Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members
Aggregating Questionnaire Responses
Analysis by a Third Party
Evaluation by the Board of Directors
Main Items in the Questionnaire
Compliance System
The Company has set compliance as one of the most important basic policies of management in our Basic Compliance Regulations. By reliably complying with Japanese and foreign laws and regulations, social code of ethics, and other rules established within the company, we strive to prevent the occurrence of violations, with the aim of achieving the sound development of the Group.
Kyosan’s compliance system places the President as the chief administrator of compliance, who is responsible for managing compliance risks reported by the Chairman of the Compliance Committee. In addition, the Company has established the Compliance Committee as an oversight organization for establishing and operating compliance systems, which includes the presidents of consolidated subsidiaries as committee members, in order to manage the entire Group. The general managers, deputy general managers, and managers of each division are in charge of compliance-related business in each division, as compliance managers.
 Operation of the Board of Directors
Decision Making Process of the Board of Directors Support System for the Board of Directors
 27 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 28
Initiatives for thorough compliance
The Company prepares various internal regulations related to compliance, including the Kyosan Electric Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Compliance Declaration and the Basic Compliance Regulations. We have also created a compliance manual that describes our basic philosophy and compliance initiatives, compliance systems, a basic code of conduct, and matters regarding compliance, as business guidelines.
In addition, the Company continuously conducts preliminary checks on matters related to compliance, in-house training on compliance related information, training for new employees, and group training for newly appointed managers.All executives as well as employees of the Company and its subsidiaries can report compliance issues through “Help Line”, which are reporting and consultation channels set inside and outside the Company.

Management System
Risk Management
Risk Management
* These risks do not necessarily cover all of the risks to which the Group is exposed.
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
    Major risk factors that may seriously impact the judgments of investors, such as the Group’s business, operating results, financial condition and stock price include the following. Furthermore, matters that are not necessarily risk factors, but which are considered to be important for investment decisions and understanding the Company’s business activities are also stated, from the standpoint of disclosure. The Group recognizes these risks and makes efforts to prevent and control, and to respond appropriately to such risks, if they materialize.
Risk Management System
The Company has established a risk management system based on its Risk Management Regulations. The Company has appointed the President as the chief administrator of risk management, and has established a Risk Management Committee that reports to the chief administrator of risk management. The Management and Financial Risk Committee, the Disaster Risk Committee, and the Information Risk Committee have also been established as individual committees under the Risk Management Committee, in order to enhance the effectiveness of risk management. In addition, compliance risks are managed by the Compliance Committee.
Business Continuity Plan (BCP)
As a company that engages in business fields that contribute to the core of society with a highly social and public nature, the Company has formulated a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) to fulfill its responsibility to supply
Basic Policy on the Risk of Earthquakes
As an “open and trustworthy company,” we recognize that it is our important duty to implement proactive information disclosure of our business activities to our shareholders and all persons who are affiliated with our company. This has been stated in the Kyosan Corporate Code of Conduct to promote constructive dialogues.
Open General Meeting of Shareholders
1. To allow shareholders to have ample time to carefully review proposals, the Company sends out a Notice of Convocation approximately three weeks prior to the date of the meeting and also promptly discloses the Notice through the Company’s website, the website of Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc., etc. The Notice of Convocation of the 155th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, which was held on Friday, June 19, 2020, was disclosed on those websites on Thursday, May 28, 2020 and sent on Thursday, June 4, 2020.
2. The Company holds the General Meeting of Shareholders on a date other than during expected “peak days,” in order to allow as many of its shareholders to attend the meeting as possible.
Proactive information disclosure
1. The Company is making efforts to further enhance the contents of dialogues with shareholders and investors, to a reasonable extent, through IR briefings and other opportunities.
2. The Company feedbacks the comments made by shareholders in dialogues to directors and senior management, and strives to appropriately reflect such comments in its corporate activities.
3. To supplement dialogues with shareholders and investors, the Company provides information regarding the Group’s businesses, products and IR data through its website and various other tools.
4. Financial statements and major press releases are disclosed in both Japanese and English, in a timely and appropriate manner.
 Risks associated with business environment
·Impact of the trends in demand in signaling system industry ·Impact of the trends in demand in semiconductor and FPD industry ·Impact attributable to the characteristics of the Company’s products ·Impact of fluctuations in raw material prices
Risks associated with the development of overseas business Risks relating to natural disasters
·Impact of natural disasters on operations
·Impact of the persisting outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic
Financial risks
Risks regarding information security
   Chief administrator of risk management
  Risk Management Committee
 Management and Financial Risk Committee
 Disaster Risk Committee
 Information Risk Committee
  products and services to customers, even in the event of disasters such as earthquakes and infectious-disease breakout, and conducts ongoing reviews and improvements of the plan.
Basic Policy on Pandemics
  Visit our website
Please visit our website, where various types of information, including IR information is posted.
https://www.kyosan.co.jp/english/
Kyosan Electric Manufacturing Search
You can access the Company’s IR information from this URL.
https://www.kyosan.co.jp/english/ir/
     1. The safety of our employees, etc. is given the highest priority.
2. Aim for a system that will enable early recovery and business continuity in order to fulfill our roles and responsibilities to
society, while ensuring safety.
3. Cooperate to the fullest extent in the recovery and
restoration efforts of the community and our customers.
29 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 30
1. Saving lives is given the highest priority.
2. Comply with the instructions and recommendation of the
national and local governments and cooperate in the efforts
of society as a whole against pandemics.
3. Makeeffortstocontinueandresumebusinessinordertofulfill
our roles and responsibilities to society, while ensuring safety.

CSR (Environmental and Social Activities)
Initiatives to Improve Quality and Reduce Environmental Load
As a corporate group playing an important role in social infrastructure, the Kyosan Group aims to be earth-friendly, and contributes to the sustainable development of society by ensuring “smooth train operations,” “resolution of traffic congestion,” “energy savings of power supplies,” and “extension of the lifecycle of products.”
In order to further specify Kyosan Group’s philosophy regarding “quality” and “environment,” we combined our former “Quality Policy” and “Environmental Policy” to establish our new “Quality and Environmental Policies” which guides us in the implementation of quality and environmental management systems.
Environmental Compliance
Kyosan has created a “Checklist for Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations,” and regularly confirms the status of compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and has confirmed that there were
Environmental Targets and Results
Examples and Results of Environmental Targets (Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020)
 no problems in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. We have established in-house rules for the control of hazardous materials and specially controlled industrial waste, etc., which are being managed appropriately.
 Quality and Environmental Policies
1. We will make a dedicated commitment to enhance “corporate quality” with Kyosan QMS at the core of our business activities.
2. We will launch business activities to meet and satisfy the diverse needs of our customers.
3. We will save energy, reduce waste and take other steps to protect the ecosystem in our
endeavor towards environmental preservation.
4. We will ensure that compliance is observed in our business activities.
5. We will execute the PDCA cycle to carry out continuous improvement.
           * Kyosan QMS: Quality Management System of Kyosan Electric Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Quality and Environmental Management System
Reduction of power consumption through higher product efficiency
Reduction of power consumption during in-house product testing
Reduction of power consumption in thermostatic chambers
Promotion of modal shift and efficient transportation
Reduction of printing paper
Lighter-weight products
Smaller-sized products
Environmental Accounting
Environmental Conservation Costs
Pollution prevention costs
Global environmental conservation costs
Resource recycling costs
Environmental Conservation Effects
Total efficiency of 90% or more 5% reduction year-on-year 2% reduction year-on-year 37.9t reduction of CO2 emissions
5% reduction year-on-year
20% weight reduction compared to previous products
20% size reduction compared to previous products
Achieved 92% 35% reduction 58% reduction 44.41t reduction
25% reduction
7.08% weight reduction
0% size reduction (An improvement of mechanism was carried out.)
(Millions of yen)
                 About our Quality and Environmental Management System
As part of our quality improvement and environmental protection activities, the Company acquired ISO9001 certification in April 1995, followed by ISO9001/14001 in March 2002, and has subsequently maintained these certifications.
By utilizing the above management system as a tool for improving production, we have established the quality management system, “Kyosan QMS,” which integrates the requirements of ISO9001 and ISO14001 into our business, with the purpose of improving the overall effectiveness of our business and contributing to the sustainable development of the Kyosan Group.
Quality Assurance System
The Quality Assurance Committee, which is chaired by the president, meets regularly with the aim of promoting quality assurance, and maintaining and improving the social reliability of the corporate group. Each division and affiliate reports on their respective quality assurance, and
Kyosan QMS
In order to further instill the Kyosan QMS within the Group, an upskilling program for improving the capacity of internal auditors has been conducted in FY2020, with an aim to integrate their duties more fully with our business operations by enhancing the effectiveness of internal audit.
We have stated our quality and environmental targets as, “Improving the quality of the Company by steadily practicing PDCA in the Kyosan QMS” and “Promoting hierarchization and standardization of businesses, breaking down silos, focusing on work style reform, and seeking to protect the environment while developing business activities.” With such targets in mind, Kyosan as a corporate group will steadily implement the Kyosan QMS with consideration for the environment.
shares their understanding of the status of quality assurance for the Group as a whole, in order to ensure that the Committee’s activities lead to quality improvement.
— 130
9 2
— 1 — 10
(5)
(7)
Industrial waste processing costs
                  Switching to eco-friendly company cars, use of forklifts with batteries
   Using environmentally friendly toners
Cost of management activities related to ISO14001
(106)
823
           31 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 32
Category
Energy-saving
Target
SDGs associated with environmental targets
Results and self-evaluation
    Resource- saving
 Reduction of environmental load
   Environmental conservation cost classification
Costs within business area
Investment amount
Cost
Main initiatives
      Management activities costs
   Cost reduction effects (Millions of yen)
Substance reduction effects
  Energy cost reduction
CO2 emissions (t)
    Reduction of waste processing costs
Water consumption (m3)
  
CSR (Environmental and Social Activities)
Environmentally Friendly Products
Continuous Grade Separation Project between Kamagaya- Daibutsu Station and Kunugiyama Station of Shin-Keisei Line
In November 2019, the elevation work of the inbound track of Shin-Keisei Line between Kamagaya-Daibutsu Station and Kunugiyama Station (3.3km) was completed. With the outbound track elevated in October 2017, both tracks of this section are now elevated above the ground.
Kyosan participated in this project by renovating multiple existing equipment including total traffic control system, C-ATS ground equipment, relay interlocking equipment, passenger information system and operational timetable management system.
The project allowed to eliminate 12 level crossings on the elevated section, contributing to the vitalization of towns by reducing accidents at railroad crossings and traffic congestion, and facilitating interchange between local communities.
Elevated tracks near Shin-Kamagaya Station
Examples of Initiatives to Reduce Environmental Load
    The ARTEMIS Traffic Signal Control System: Contributing to Reduction of CO2 Emissions by Alleviating Congestion
ARTEMIS is an autonomous distributed system through which traffic signals installed at intersections mutually exchange information, in order to predict incoming traffic flow and determine optimal signal times, without the need for control commands from a traffic control center.
In a demonstration project of our advanced traffic system carried out in Moscow, Russia, a city that suffers from serious traffic congestion, we installed the system at five consecutive intersections in the city, and confirmed that the system permits to reduce congestion by up to 40%. Based on this result, we can expect that the system contributes to reducing CO2 emissions by reducing fuel consumption in vehicles and revitalizes economic activities by shortening travel time.
Rail freight transportation initiatives
Since 2012, Kyosan has held the “Eco Rail Mark product” certification for contributions to the global
environment made by
shipping a certain amount of our products by rail freight transportation (level crossing barriers).
Transportation using
rail containers is an
environmentally friendly
transportation method that enables to reduce CO2 emissions approximately to one-eleventh* of those produced by trucks. Moving forward, we will continue to actively use rail freight transportation.
*Source: Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (FY2018 results)
Material Balance
A wide range of resources are put into our Group’s business activities, and emitted as environmental load.
This data is divided into INPUT and OUTPUT, and the balance of these indicates the material balance.
Initiatives for Recycle Friendly Packaging Materials
Kyosan is pursuing initiatives based on the idea that “environmentally friendly packaging materials = effective utilization of resources.”
We are adopting packaging with an assembly process that does not use glue, can be easily disassembled for disposal, and is easy to handle.
The energy and water resources input during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, at our head office and factories (including affiliates) were as follows.
         Intersection in Moscow where ARTEMIS is installed
INPUT
Water consumption (m3) 50,000
35,822 36,881 36,058
25,000
materials (styrofoam, etc.) (m3)
OUTPUT
Energy consumption at head office and factories
(converted to CO2 emissions) (t)
Wood consumption (t) 300
224 255 242
CO2 emissions from electricity CO2 emissions from gas
       Electricity
7,992
thousand kWh (Up 4.6% year-on-year)
Gas
126,231 m3 (Down 1.2% year-on-year)
200 100 0
5,000
2,500
94.4 %
4,028 t (Up 2.7% year-on-year)
3,978 3,921 4,028 279 291 287
700
350
0
636 664
2017 2018
651
2019 (Year)
120 108 104 80
40 0
100
2019 (Year)
0
3,699 3,630 3,740
2017 2018 2019
0
2017 2018
General and industrial waste
Ratio used as resources (recycling rate)
  2019 (Year) Consumption of shock-absorbing
2019 (Year) Cardboard consumption (t)
488 t
(Down 3.8% year-on-year)
2017 2018
               33 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 34
2017 2018
(Year)

CSR (Environmental and Social Activities)
Initiatives for Utilization and Development of Human Resources
Combating COVID-19 Pandemic
In order to address the pandemic, the Group is promoting work-from-home arrangements, staggered commuting and the use of online meetings. In addition, the employees are encouraged to fully practice preventive measures such as taking their temperature every morning before coming to work, hand-washing, gargling and good “coughing etiquette,” as well as wearing face masks while commuting and working.
Promotion of Diversity
We believe that accepting diverse human resources as colleagues regardless of language, customs or culture, is essential to the continued growth and development of a company. In order to ensure that each and every employee is able to reach their full potential, Kyosan fully respects individual circumstances, values, and career and life stages, and promotes efforts to create an environment that allows for diverse styles of working. In addition, we are accelerating the training of global human resources who not only possess language skills but also respect the cultures of all countries.
Developing Global Human Resources
In our Corporate Vision, we have stated our goal of being a “global corporation that respects the cultures of all countries,” and we aim to transform into a company with a global perspective that transcends the conceptual categories of domestic/overseas, while making maintenance and growth of domestic businesses our base. The Kyosan Group is accelerating efforts toward the cultivation of human resources who can realize “First and Foremost in Reliability – Kyosan” globally, including use of our system for study abroad.
At our head office and factories, the employees are invited to take lunch break in turns, each table in the company cafeteria is equipped with partitions to prevent infections caused by droplets, and visitors are requested to go through a temperature check at the guard gate or front desk.
Promotion of Work-life Balance (Creating a Worker- friendly Environment)
In order to ensure that each and every employee with diverse values and backgrounds can perform to their full potential, we strive to create a worker-friendly environment with due regard for work-life balance. As part of our efforts to create a climate where employees can work healthily and energetically, Kyosan complies with labor-related laws in each country, including laws covering working hours, and labor and management are collaborating to restrict long working hours and encourage annual paid leave. At our Tokyo Office where flexible working hours have been introduced on a trial
Outline of initiatives relating to childbirth and childcare
Up to the age of 3
Until the child graduates from elementary school
5 days per year per child (up to 10 days) * May be taken in half-day increments
Number of employees taking childcare leave
(Persons) 31 Male 30 297
basis, a flexible approach to adopting different work styles will be pursued.
Overview of initiatives relating to nursing care
Total of 3 years per person (1,095 days)
5 days per year per person (up to 10 days) * May be taken in half-day increments
Up to 3 years per family member
Support of Women’s Social Advancement
In order for Kyosan to develop further, it is necessary to broaden the areas in which women are able to advance and demonstrate their abilities to an even greater extent. The Company has set goals to create an environment in which all motivated women can fully express their identity and exercise their competence, by offering more posts and far-reaching opportunities to its female employees.
In this context, we have launched some specific initiatives including recruitment events for new female graduates from science or engineering majors, company- wide arrangements for teleworking, and flexible working hours implemented at our Tokyo Office on a trial basis.
More initiatives are to be developed to promote the social advancement of our female employees, including by seeking the adoption of flexible work styles.
Number of female employees, number & ratio of women in management positions
Introduction of an Age 65 Retirement System
In order to meet the employment needs of employees aged 60 or older, and expand opportunities for seniors to play an active role, Kyosan has raised the age of retirement to 65 as of April 2019 as one of its 100th anniversary project.
By creating an environment where motivated employees can work hard and continuously demonstrate the experience and advanced skills they have cultivated over many years, we have made it possible to pass on technology and skills, and train the next generation.
In addition, our senior employees can stimulate and inspire young people to envision themselves in the future, by continuing to work. At the same time, by extending our re-employment system to the age of 70, we will aim to revitalize the workplace through the active participation of seniors.
Health and Safety Activities
Kyosan engages in safety and health activities at its head office and factories, centered on the Safety and Health Committee, under the main slogan “Let’s achieve health, safety and zero accidents,” and the sub-slogans “strengthening maintenance and promotion of health” and “thoroughly implementing safety checks.”
With regard to specific safety and health activities, a safety and health management plan is formulated each year, and activities are implemented in accordance with this plan.
Matters that have been deliberated and decided at the Safety and Health Committee are expanded to business locations via the Green Cross Day early morning meeting held on the first working day of each month, attended by responsible personnel from all departments at the head office and factories and representatives from Group companies.
Kyosan will continue to pursue safety and health activities with the aim of achieving employee health, safety and zero accidents.
Occurrence of workplace accidents
             Childbirth and childcare
 Childcare leave system
  Shortened working-hour system for childcare
(Persons)
400 320
Number of female employees
Number of women in management positions
Ratio of female employees (%) Ratio of women in management positions 25
  Paid leave for sick child
      Number of foreign employees
320 317 333
16.4 16.8 16.3
335 20 15.9 15
3.7 4
 (Persons)
250 200 150 100
50
224
26 6 24 3
Female 240 160
20
  188
1
23 23
FY2016 FY2017
2.8
3.2
182
185
23
24
2.3
2 2311 0
0010 0000
  Accidents not resulting in lost workdays (Number of incidents)
2016
2017
2018
2019
      35 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 36
20
10
010
FY2016
13 15 18
FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Nursing care
Nursing-care leave system
Paid leave for nursing-care
 Shortened working-hour system for nursing care
  Accidents resulting in lost workdays (Number of incidents)
  00 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
FY2018
FY2019
Deaths
(Number of persons)
   
                                                   CSR (Environmental and Social Activities)
Social Engagement Initiatives
The Group has a strong awareness as a good corporate citizen, and actively contributes to society through various endeavors. Here are the major examples of those initiatives.
   Yokohama FC Soccer Lesson Sponsorship
Kyosan supports Yokohama FC of J1 Soccer League as its sponsor. A professional soccer club based in Yokohama, Yokohama FC has been committed to act as “a club of citizens for citizens.”
In accordance with this commitment, the club organizes an event called “Let’s Play with Yokoha- ma FC!,” a program designed to improve the physi- cal fitness of local children. The staff members of Yokohama FC visit two after-school recreation clubs (“Hamakko Fureai School” and “Hokago Kids Club”), to help the children with learning how to cooperate with each other, be innovative and creative, and have challenging mindset though sports. Kyosan endorsed the idea of the program and has become its official partner.
Yokohama FC also organizes soccer lessons and matches at J-Village Stadium in Naraha-machi, Futaba District, Fukushima Pref., to support the reconstruction of the region which was severely damaged by the Great East Japan Earthquake. Determined to provide a “never-fading and durable support,” the club members visit the region from Yokohama, to share the joy of challenges and physical activities. This supportive action is also sponsored by Kyosan.
    Participation in “W-eco·p” Water Source Eco Project
Conducted by Yokohama Waterworks Bureau in partnership with private companies and other organizations, the “W-eco·p” is an initiative launched to improve and preserve a water source forest, located in Doshi-mura, Yamanashi Pref. and owned by Yokohama City. Kyosan participates in the financing of the project, to back up the improve- ment of the water source forest of 15ha in total to be completed in five years from 2020.
The rain and snow water falling on the ground are filtered by the soil of the water source forest, which eliminates the impurities contained in the water. Improving the conditions of water source forests is crucial for ensuring the supply of good-tasting and safe water. That is why Kyosan is committed to support the preservation of the forest where the water source of Yokohama is located.
      Educational program for Yokohama Science Frontier High School and its Affiliated Junior High School
As a science and technology advisor to Yokohama Science Frontier High School and its affiliated junior high school, Kyosan provides them with educational programs for young students who will bear the next generation, on such subjects as “Role of Railway Signals” and “Creation of Things,” including through lectures, factory tours and exhibition at school festivals, as well as other opportunities to deepen the exchange with local communities.
To commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Company, we donated a 3D printer, a subsonic wind tunnel unit and fluid analysis simulation software to the schools. The 3D printer is used for the “3D Printer Contest,” in which the students compete on their skills of designing and elaborating 3D printed objects. The instructors and judges for this event are sent from the Company. In 2019, the students were invited to present objects associated with the 10th anniversary of the schools, and the best objects were selected and awarded by judges.
    Official Partner of Yokohama Marathon
Kyosan is one of the official partners of Yokohama Marathon since 2015. Open to various categories of runners including women, foreigners and runners on wheelchair, Yokohama Marathon is an event that all participants (runners, audience and supporters) can enjoy. In Yokohama Marathon 2019, about 28,000 runners raced through the city of Yokohama.
Although “Yokohama Marathon 2020” was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Kyosan will continue to sponsor the event as an official partner, to support the promotion of sports and good health through its personnel participating in the event as runners or volunteers.
                 37 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 38
                                      
CSR (Environmental and Social Activities)
Material Procurement
Transaction Process
Kyosan engages in open and fair transactions based on its Procurement Policy. When dealing with new business requests, we basically follow the procedure outlined below.
Supplier
Proposal evaluation Proposal Confirmation of specifications
Confirm price, quality, purchase conditions
 Basic Policy on Procurement
Kyosan Electric Manufacturing emphasizes compliance with relevant laws and regulations and consideration of the environment in its procurement of materials (including manufacturing contracts, services, etc.). We aim for mutually beneficial relationships by always engaging in a broad search for partnerships based on mutual understanding and trust through open and fair transactions with our suppliers.
1. Compliance with relevant laws and regulations and consideration of the environment
We comply with relevant laws and regulations and give due consideration to environmental conservation and resource protection when procuring materials.
2. Providing open and fair transactions
We provide open and fair trading opportunities to our suppliers.
3. Promoting partnerships with suppliers
We promote partnerships with our suppliers by maintaining and improving mutual understanding and relationships of trust.
4. Approach to SDGs
Among the 17 goals set as SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals), “11: Sustainable Cities and Communities” and “13: Climate Action” will be pursued by promoting the expansion of green procurement.
           Study Approval Confirmation
Notification Submission
   Set up account, conclude basic contract of transaction
  Official request for estimate Confirmation
Order placement
Payment
Order form Invoice
Confirmation Official estimate reply Order received Delivery
      * The above diagram shows the general procedure. Individual cases may differ, depending on the details of the transaction.
Green Procurement
Kyosan works to conserve the environment through measures such as reducing the environmental load in all of its business activities, including the provision of products and services.
We are therefore committed to proactively engaging in green procurement that considers the environment (prioritizing the purchase of products with low environmental impact) with regard to our procurement activities, and have created the Green Procurement Guidelines to promote material procurement that is compatible with environmental conservation.
  39 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
The Company (Kyosan Electric Manufacturing)
 Confirmation of drawings, catalogues, and specifications
 Reception, acceptance inspection, examination
Company brochure
Financial statements for three
fiscal years
Supplier survey
Basic contract of transaction EDI documents etc.
  Supplier Selection Policy
In our transactions, we prioritize companies that meet the following conditions and select suppliers based on equal opportunity and free competition.
 Complies with relevant laws and regulations and social norms, and can conduct honest transactions based on contracts
Strives to conserve the environment and gives consideration to resource protection Business conditions are sound, and the company is capable of providing on-time delivery and a stable supply
Material quality, price, delivery time and service are at reasonable levels Possesses technical capabilities that can contribute to Kyosan’s products, and is capable of maintaining information confidentiality
  Data Section
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 40
 
Data Section
Financial Highlights
Non-Financial Highlights
Net sales
(Millions of yen)
73,905 69,305 72,810 60,261 59,990
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Operating income/ Operating income margin
Ordinary income
Electricity consumption
(Thousands of kWh)
7,667 7,237 7,611 7,643 7,992
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
CO2 emissions
Gas consumption
(Thousands of m3)
Water consumption
(Thousands of m3)
36 35 35 36 36
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Ratio used as resources (recycling ratio)
Operating income (Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
2,043 1,954
Operating income margin (%)
3,229 3,044
4.2 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Capital investment amount
5,334
 5,071
       3,468 3,343
      150
122
  135
127 126
      1,946
 1,551
6.9
4.7
   3.2
2.6
     (Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
2,864 2,817
4,053
(t)
(t)
(%)
3,692
3,583 3,765
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Research and development expenses
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
General and industrial waste
   3,414
94.9 94.7 93.5
 93.8 94.4
 4,216 3,928 3,978 3,921 4,028
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
443 468 507
488
      2,305
1,974
430
  2,040
1,773
2,019
1,779
      1,423
926
      FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Total assets/Net assets
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Return on assets (ROA)/ Return on equity (ROE) (%) ROA ROE
8.8
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
(Millions of yen) Total assets
95,851 83,392 86,962
39,753 40,160 43,791 46,286 45,406 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
(Persons)
1,630
Male
1,633
Female
1,623
Number (Persons)
10 8
Ratio (%)
13
(Persons)
17
Male Female
23 23
Net assets
102,856 106,760
(Yen)
Dividend per share
Number of employees
Number and ratio of women in management positions (consolidated)
Number of employees taking childcare leave (consolidated)
17
1,767
18
(consolidated)
     15
1,651
23 24
15
  13
13
   5.8
3.5
  3.6 2.4
5.1
4.3
3.2
10
      2.3 2.3
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
6
7
335 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
3.2 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
307
320
317
333
2.3
2.8
3.7
3 1
1.8
2
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
     41 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 42
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019

Data Section
Financial data (consolidated)
(Millions of yen)
Orders received
Net sales
Operating income
Income before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent Research and development expenses Capital investment amount Depreciation
Total assets
Net assets
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
FY2010
64,482 65,108 3,749 3,418 1,350 1,487 2,812 1,548 71,832 32,767 4,998 △ 3,470 △ 1,482
FY2010
21.53 522.11 10
FY2010
4.2
5.7 45.6 46.5
FY2011
59,593 58,483 2,166 2,489 850 1,572 1,232 1,730 74,350 33,217 △ 3,425 △ 26 3,840
FY2011
13.55 529.30 10
FY2011
2.6
3.0 44.7 73.8
FY2017
1,623 317 1,940
97.2
2.8
39 years and 2 months old
16 years and 5 months
3 23
FY2012
62,956 58,147 1,214 733 112 2,258 3,699 1,576 79,266 34,509 156 △ 2,380 2,020
FY2012
1.79 549.90 10
FY2012
0.3
1.8 43.5 560.2
FY2018
1,651 333 1,984
96.8
3.2
39 years and 5 months old
15 years and 2 months
6 23
FY2013
63,428 64,136 1,603 1,802 931 2,048 3,360 1,696 81,627 34,752 5,355 △ 3,999 △18
FY2013
14.84 553.78 10
FY2013
2.7
2.2 42.6 67.4
FY2014
58,701 63,139 1,893 2,071 1,014 2,696 1,642 1,781 86,135 39,441 940 △ 1,221 △8
FY2014
16.18 628.78 10
FY2014
2.7
2.8 45.8 61.8
FY2015
58,679 60,261 1,946 2,182 1,423 2,864 2,040 1,778 83,392 39,753 4,083 △ 2,199 △ 1,742
FY2015
22.70 633.78 10
FY2015
3.6
2.4 47.7 44.1
FY2016 FY2017
72,823 83,932 59,990 73,905 1,551 5,071 1,595 5,383 926 3,692 2,817 3,583 3,414 1,773 1,766 1,757 86,962 95,851 40,160 43,791 1,204 3,784 △ 3,562 △ 1,936 2,172 △ 2,174
FY2018
81,862 69,305 3,229 3,272 2,305 3,765 2,019 1,935 102,856 46,286 △ 2,899 △ 2,348 6,743
FY2018
36.75 738.02 15
FY2018
5.1
3.5 45.0 40.8
FY2019
   83,671
72,810
3,044
2,978
1,974
4,053
1,779
1,986
106,760
45,406
1,206
△ 2,730
2,097
     31.48
723.98
17
Earnings per share (EPS) Book-value per share (BPS) Dividend per share
Return on equity (ROE) Return on assets (ROA)
Equity ratio
Dividend payout ratio
Non-financial data
(Yen)
(%)
FY2016
14.77 640.31 13
FY2016
2.3
2.3 46.2 88.1
FY2015 FY2016
7,667 7,237 150,850 135,822 36,035 35,992 — — 4,216 3,928 430 443
94.9 94.7
FY2017
58.87 698.23 13
FY2017
8.8
5.8 45.7 22.1
FY2019
FY2019
    4.3
3.2
42.5
54.0
Human resources data (consolidated)
Number of employees (Male)
Number of employees (Female)
Number of employees (Total)
Ratio of male and female in management positions (Male)
Ratio of male and female in management positions (Female)
Average age
Average years of employment
Number of employees taking childcare leave (Male)
Number of employees taking childcare leave (Female)
FY2015
FY2016
1,633 320 1,953
97.7
2.3
years and month old
years and 3 months
1 23
FY2019
Environmental data
(Head office and factories)
FY2017
7,611 122,649 35,822 876 3,978 468
93.5
FY2018
FY2019
  1,767
335
2,102
96.3
3.7
40 years and 3 months old
15 years and 3 months
7
24
  7,992
126,231
36,058
1,343
4,028
488
94.4
  43 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 44
(Persons) (Persons) (Persons)
(%) (%)
(Persons) (Persons)
1,630 307 1,937
98.2
1.8
35 years and 5 months old
13 years and 7 months
2 17
Electricity consumption Gas consumption Water consumption Rainwater used
CO2 emissions
7,643 127,752 36,881 1,037 3,921 507
93.8
37 1
14
(Thousands of kWh) (m3) (m3) (m3) (t) (t)
Ratio used as resources
(Recycling ratio) (%)
General and industrial waste

Data Section
Corporate Data (As of March 31, 2020)
Stock Information (As of March 31, 2020)
Trade name
Kyosan Electric Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Securities code
6742
Head office
2-29-1 Heian-cho, Tsurumi-ku, Yokohama 230-0031
Major locations
Head office (Tsurumi-ku, Yokohama)
Offices, etc.
Tokyo Office (Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo)
Osaka Branch Office (Kita-ku, Osaka) Sapporo Branch (Chuo-ku, Sapporo) Sendai Branch (Aoba-ku, Sendai) Nagoya Branch (Nakamura-ku, Nagoya) Hiroshima Branch (Higashi-ku, Hiroshima) Shikoku Branch (Takamatsu, Kagawa) Kyushu Branch (Hakata-ku, Fukuoka) Taiwan Branch (Taiwan)
Beijing Office (China)
Factories
Head factory (Tsurumi-ku, Yokohama) Zama Factory (Zama, Kanagawa)
Founded
September 3, 1917
Capital
¥6.27 billion
Number of employees
2,102 (consolidated), 1,173 (non-consolidated)
Fiscal year
April 1 to March 31 of the next year
General Meeting of Shareholders
Second-half of June
Website address
https://www.kyosan.co.jp/english/
IR information website
https://www.kyosan.co.jp/english/ir/
Total number of authorized shares
160,000,000
Total number of issued shares
62,844,251
Stock exchange listing
Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section
Number of shareholders
5,978
Date of determining shareholders for exercise of voting rights at General Meeting of Shareholders March 31
Date of determining shareholders for payment of year-end dividend
March 31
Date of determining shareholders for payment of interim dividend
September 30
Administrator of shareholder registry
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Major shareholders (top 10)
Nippon Life Insurance Company Kyosan Mizuho Kai
Keio Corporation
The Bank of Yokohama, Ltd.
Kyosan Electric Manufacturing Co., Ltd., Employee Shareholding Club Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
BNY GCM CLIENT ACCOUNT JPRD AC ISG (FE-AC)
MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company
6,089 9.70 4,385 6.98 3,143 5.00 3,124 4.97
2,937 4.68
2,907 4.63
2,397 3.82
1,853 2.95
1,350 2.15 1,007 1.60
 Name
Shares held (thousands of shares)
Shareholding ratio (%)
 (1,000 shares)
9,000
6,000
3,000
Volume (left axis)
Stock Price (right axis)
(Note) The shareholding ratio has been calculated after excluding treasury
stock (99,570 shares).
Distribution of shares
Foreign corporations
6,712 thousand shares
10.68% Corporations
8,595 thousand shares
13.68% Individuals and
others
23,357 thousand shares
37.17%
Treasury stock
99 thousand shares
  Stock Price Information
Financial institutions
24,079 thousand shares
38.31% (Yen)
900
600
300
FY2019 0
0.16% type of shareholder
Distribution by 62,844 thousand shares
         0FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
 45 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 46

 Data Section
Offices/Group Companies (As of April 1, 2020) 4
Office
Head Office and Factory Tokyo Office
Osaka Branch Office Sapporo Branch
Sendai Branch Nagoya Branch Hiroshima Branch Shikoku Branch Kyushu Branch
7 9
Taiwan Branch Beijing Office Zama Factory
Main Group Companies
Kyosan Seiki Co., Ltd.
Kyosan Electrical Construction Co., Ltd. Kyosan Kogyo Co., Ltd.
Kyosan Engineering Service Co., Ltd. Kyosan System Co., Ltd.
Kyosan Power Supply Co., Ltd.
Taiwan Kyosan Co., Ltd. Kyosan India Private Limited Kyosan USA Inc.
Kyosan Europe LLC
2
14 12
1 13151617
20
11
10 19
47 KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020
KYOSAN CORPORATE REPORT 2020 48
18 8
6 3
5
22
21

  For detailed information on corporate profile, products and investor relations (IR), please visit our website.
https://www.kyosan.co.jp/english/
This report uses FSC® certified paper and vegetable oil ink born from properly managed forests.
 