Kyokuyo Group’s recognition and policy
As the demand for fishery resources increases worldwide with growing calls for larger catches, the harmful effects of illegal fishing methods and overfishing due to operations and other reasons have also become apparent. This has led to mounting interest in the sustainable use of fishery resources worldwide and the need for fisheries to properly conserve and effectively use fishery resources, including consideration for ecosystems and prevention of excessive catches of resources. As a group of companies that handle fishery resources, the Kyokuyo Group strives to use marine resources sustainably and efficiently, and actively engages in biodiversity and ecosystem conservation as well as social contribution activities.

Initiatives in the aquaculture business
With a view to sustainable and efficient use of marine resources, Kyokuyo is developing its business in line with conservation of biodiversity, including by engaging in aquaculture, mainly of Pacific bluefin tuna and red sea bream, but also of Japanese amberjack and white trevally.
One of the issues in the aquaculture business from the viewpoint of consideration for the natural environment and biodiversity is efforts to reduce the dependence on the resource of anchovies, which are the main raw material for the fish meal used in aquaculture feed. Kyokuyo strives for sustainable use of fishery resources by changing the amount of fishmeal used and working on feed with reduced fishmeal according to the characteristics and growth process of fish. In this way, we pursue both business continuity and qualities such as taste, fattiness, and color. In addition, by checking the feeding status to determine the appropriate amount of feed to provide, we minimize feed sedimentation in an effort to reduce the impact on the marine environment of the aquaculture farm. Going forward, we will continue to pursue improvements in the accuracy of various aquaculture technologies to further stabilize our business.

Maintaining and conserving a good marine environment is a vital issue for our aquaculture businesses carried out in the natural environment, such as Kyokuyo Feed One Marine Co., Ltd., which farms Pacific bluefin tuna, and Kuroshio Suisan Co., Ltd., which mainly farms red sea bream as well as species such as Japanese amberjack, white trevally, and burihira (a cross between Japanese amberjack and yellowtail). For this reason, and in consideration of biodiversity, sustainability, the environment, etc., we strictly manage factors such as water quality standards, chemicals, and chemical substances in the bottom paints of fishing vessels used for feeding. The Kyokuyo Group will build a safe, reliable, and sustainable supply chain by establishing a seamless system from aquaculture to fresh processing and sales.

Preventing excessive catch and bycatch, and appropriate use and management of fishing gear
Kyokuyo Suisan Co., Ltd., as a member of the Japan Far Seas Purse Seine Fishing Association, cooperates with other fishery organizations in reporting catches of tuna including skipjack and resource management with the cooperation of Japan’s Fisheries Agency, which participates in the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Commission (WCPFC).

Specifically, we have established a fishing season that does not use Fish Aggregation Devices (FADs) to prevent excessive catches, and operate according to the annual catch quota established by the government. We are also promoting free school fishing* in which adult fish swimming at high speed are located using a helicopter and caught in an effort to prevent bycatch of young fish with less swimming power.
When creatures other than tuna such as cetaceans, sharks, rays, and birds are caught as bycatch, the company warns its vessels and responds strictly according to the rules.
Regarding the use and management of fishing gear, we use naturally-derived objects for FADs or attach sonar satellite buoys with vessel’s identification marks and names to FADs in order to prevent outflow, then collect them after use. The fishing nets are used first and foremost to prevent damage, and if damaged, they are repaired on board. In addition, we carry back all man-made waste picked up during fishing operations, and dispose of it after landing.

Initiatives for Marine Eco-Label and certified marine products
With growing global interest in the sustainable use of fishery resources, demand for MSC- and ASC-certified marine products is expected to significantly increase in the future, both in Japan and abroad. The Kyokuyo Group began handling MSC- and ASC- certified marine products in 2006, and since then has steadily increased its number of registered fish species and handling volumes, while expanding the scope of certification. In addition to group plants in Japan, our major cooperating plants involved in the manufacture of the Group’s products are included in the scope of CoC certification. Five overseas subsidiaries (Kyokuyo America Corporation, Qingdao Kyokuyo International Co., Ltd., Kyokuyo Europe B.V., K&U Enterprise Co., Ltd., and Kyokuyo Global Seafoods Co., Ltd.) have independently acquired CoC certification.
In addition, Kyokuyo Co., Ltd. and Kyokuyo Suisan Co., Ltd. are members of the Marine Eco-Label Japan (MEL) Council, which is the scheme owner of the Japanese Fisheries Eco- Label “MEL,” and our affiliates are also preparing to obtain MEL certification.
Through these initiatives, the Kyokuyo Group strives to achieve the 14th SDG, “Life Below Water,” and contributes to conservation of biodiversity, using fishery resources sustainably, and passing on Japanese food culture with blessed abundant diversity to the next generation.

 We must urgently increase our sales in overseas markets, where growth is higher than in the shrinking Japanese market. Accordingly, the Kyokuyo Group will reinforce its marketing structure by establishing new overseas bases and developing business partners, among other efforts.
In addition to these initiatives, five overseas subsidiaries (Kyokuyo America Corporation, Qingdao Kyokuyo International Co., Ltd., Kyokuyo Europe B.V., K&U Enterprise Co., Ltd., and Kyokuyo Global Seafoods Co., Ltd.) have acquired CoC certification of MSC and ASC and will continue to expand their sales of our products through aggressive handling.