Kyokuyo Group’s recognition and policy
Global warming, mainly due to an increase in CO2 emissions, is a factor that causes rising sea levels and water temperatures, and unstable weather. In order to realize sustainable production and consumption in the future, it is essential to reduce the environmental impact of business activities and mitigate the impact of climate change. In these circumstances, Kyokuyo will strive to realize a decarbonized society by reducing greenhouse gas emissions and efficiently using energy resources.
Reducing CO2 emissions
In fiscal 2020, the Kyokuyo Group’s electricity consumption was 29,590,000 kWh, a reduction of 7.7% compared to our target. CO2 emissions were 17,216.8 t-CO2, a reduction of 8.9% compared to our target.
Food plant sites are the major users of electricity within the Kyokuyo Group. At these sites, we endeavored to manage the amount of electricity used per unit of production (i.e., intensity), and while production rose 2.9% year on year, electricity consumption increased 1.8%. CO2 emissions decreased by approximately 10% compared to our target, partly due to a better emission factor at power supply companies than in the previous year, and increased by approximately 0.6% year on year. CO2 emissions intensity, a standard for resource efficiency, was 0.36 t-CO2/t in fiscal 2019 and 0.35 t-CO2/t in fiscal 2020.
As the system to increase production advances into the future, we will continue to thoroughly manage intensity at both food plants and cold storage sites, aiming for efficient operation. In order to control greenhouse gas emissions and use energy resources efficiently, we will actively make capital investments, such as for changing to energy-saving facilities.

Transition to CFC-free refrigeration
        In February 2019, the Fukuoka site of Kyokuyo Akitsu Reizo Co., Ltd. updated its freezer system. Following this, it updated its cooling system for chilled storage and cargo sorting rooms and began operating the new system in March 2021. This cooling system is based on CFC-free natural refrigerant equipment using a hybrid method of ammonia and carbon dioxide. It is expected to reduce CO2 emissions by reducing power consumption and reduce CFCs, which are powerful greenhouse gases, by eliminating CFC refrigerants.

The energy-saving effect is expected to fluctuate greatly depending on the summer weather when the temperature in the cargo sorting area rises, but the estimated data predicts a CO2 emission reduction effect of about 350 tons per year. We will strive for more efficient operation in an effort to reduce environmental impact.