Kyokuyo Group’s recognition and policy
The Kyokuyo Group’s business is supported by and based on nature’s bounty. It is therefore essential that we operate our business by making effective use of limited natural resources. We will strive to reduce food waste by effectively utilizing food and other resources through our product development, introduction of AI technology, promotion of recycling, and more. At the same time, we will also strive to make effective use of food waste to reduce the environmental impact of our business activities and achieve a circular society.

Since around 2005, Kyokuyo Foods Co., Ltd., which produces imitation crab meat, has been processing food waste discharged from production and recycling it as compost. The weights of food waste and of production compost over the past three years are given below.
  All food waste discharged is treated in-house, achieving a 100% recycling rate. In consideration of the environmental impact, we opted for a method based on microorganisms that emits less CO2 than incineration, and recycle the output as compost.

Food waste discharged by Kyokuyo Fresh Co., Ltd., which mainly produces tuna products, is used as feed after being properly processed by a disposal contractor, achieving a 100% recycling rate. The food waste weight and production feed weight over the past three years are as follows.

At our food plants other than the above two companies, we have also selected disposal routes that recycle food waste into fertilizer and feed, and maintain a recycling rate of almost 100% for food waste.

Management of water usage and wastewater quality
The amount of water used in our food plants increased by approximately 0.2% year on year, as annual production increased by approximately 3%. As a result of efforts to reduce water usage by revising work processes and promoting circular use of water, our water resource efficiency increased, with water usage intensity improving from 9.96 m3/t in fiscal 2019 to 9.69 m3/t in fiscal 2020 (a 0.27-point improvement).

Efficient use and management of energy
Given its location near the Hongo River, a branch in the Naka River basin, the Hitachinaka Plant of Kyokuyo Shokuhin Co., Ltd. pays close attention to wastewater quality, has increased sedimentation tanks of its drainage facilities, and implemented a number of measures to improve wastewater processing capacity.
However, when the water temperature drops in the winter, microorganisms become less active, causing a drop in wastewater purification processing capacity, which had been an issue. The plant now uses steam from a boiler that operates every day to maintain water temperature and microbial activity in the aeration tank even if the outside temperature drops, preventing a decrease in wastewater processing capacity. Since this improvement, the activity of microorganisms has been maintained, and the wastewater quality in winter has stabilized.

Kyokuyo Group’s Efforts to Reduce Plastic Waste
The Kyokuyo Group works on prevention, reduction,
and control from the time plastic is on land to stop it from entering the ocean.
◦Measures to prevent marine plastic outflow: Regular replacement of fishing nets  ▪Kyokuyo Marine Ehime Co., Ltd. and Kyokuyo Marine Farm Co., Ltd. Kyokuyo Marine Ehime Co., Ltd. and Kyokuyo Marine Farm Co., Ltd.,
which farm tuna, conduct facility restoration work as part of their daily operations to prevent plastic fishing nets and buoys from being damaged and entering the ocean. In addition, they regularly land their nets and buoys to check the condition every three years and adopt a cycle of replacement in the ninth year.
Checking buoys for damage
Taking netting in
   ◦Reducing plastic used in products: Reducing the size of bags used for products
▪Kyokuyo Foods Co., Ltd.
Since 2019, we have been working to reduce the use of fossil fuel-derived plastics by reducing the size of bags by 20% by area ratio for Ocean King, the Kyokuyo Group’s leading product.
Making product bags smaller
Conventional 250 mm
Reduced by
50 mm
from 2019
200 mm
        20% smaller
 ◦Reducing waste plastic by improving packaging defects (jamming) on production lines
▪Shiogama Plant of Kyokuyo Shokuhin Co., Ltd.
× Research and Development Division Laboratory
On the simmered fish line at the Shiogama Plant of Kyokuyo Shokuhin Co., Ltd., the alignment conveyor in the conveyance process from vacuum packaging (deep draw) to steaming was improved to reduce the generation of second-rate products caused by jamming during packaging. As a result, work efficiency increased, product yield improved by more than 2%, and waste plastic generation was reduced.
◦Clean River Activities
▪Canoe Slalom Japan Cup Kyokuyo Series
Once plastic waste is out to sea, it is difficult to recover. Based on the recognition that it is important “not to let plastic initially go out to sea,” we conduct Clean River Activities in which spectators, athletes, and tournament organizers help to clean up the area along the river near the course following competition at the Canoe Slalom Japan Cup Kyokuyo Series held by the Japan Canoe Federation, which we sponsor.