Contributing to a Healthy and Heart-Enriched Lifestyle and Food Culture
Value Creation Story Business Strategy Corporate Information
  Social issues (background)
◦Changes in food lifestyles (increased demand for “time- savings,” such as quicker and easier preparation) and changes in household structure
◦Establishment of a new lifestyle (new normal) due to the spread of COVID-19
◦Less selling of loose items at sales points and growing preference for eating at home due to the spread of COVID-19
◦Growing demand for food safety and increasing health needs
Kyokuyo Group’s recognition and policy
In Japan, people are eating less fish than before due to changes in lifestyle and household structure. However, seafood contains high-quality animal protein, and is low in calories and rich in nutrients such as vitamins and essential minerals. It also contains functional ingredients such as DHA and EPA.
The Kyokuyo Group will contribute to a healthy food culture by working to popularize eating fish through the development and sales of products that meet the high health needs of consumers.
Focusing on gourmet foods
While the need for quicker and easier preparation is increasing, as a “new lifestyle” triggered by COVID-19 permeates society, innovations to enjoy life are appearing everywhere. This includes food, where its traditional roles in “Enjoying life” and “Feeling well” are being rediscovered. In addition to “creating time-savings,”KyokuyowillexpandSeaMarchébrandproducts that focus on ingredient and flavor innovations, and make use of feedback from diverse consumers in our product development. By pursuing the value of “food to enjoy life,” we will aim to realize our corporate philosophy of contributing to a healthy and heart-enriched lifestyle and food culture.
Kyokuyo Group’s approach
◦Contributing to popularization of eating fish and reduction of labor at food preparation sites through efforts such as the development of products that meet consumer needs
◦Contributing to a healthy food culture through product development that meets the needs of the growing numbers of health-conscious people
◦Delivering wellness to more people through deliciousness by making use of customer feedback in an effort to create products for the elderly and nursing care food markets
◦Focusing on food that is not only quicker and easier to prepare, but also provides “Enjoying” and “Feeling well”
Extracting balenine from opah
(moonfish):
Collaboration between industry, academia, and government
It is believed that active enzymes caused by stress and physical activity are closely related to fatigue felt in modern people. These active enzymes have been found to damage and oxidize cells.
Imidazole dipeptide, a kind of amino acid, is attracting attention as an antioxidant to protect against such damage, prevent lifestyle-related diseases, suppress aging, and reduce fatigue. Imidazole dipeptide is regarded as effective not only for preventing fatigue, but also for improving muscle endurance and fatigue recovery functions. It is believed to help create a body that is less likely to become tired, while at the same time eliminating fatigue itself.
Balenine is a type of peptide in which two amino acids are bound together. Until now, it was thought that baleen whales were the only aquatic life to have it, but it has now been found that opah (moonfish) extract contains three times the balenine of whale extract.
The Kyokuyo Group’s Laboratory in the Research and Development Division and its Foodservice Products Division collaborate to develop products with the cooperation in functional research and evaluation of the Fisheries Technology Institute of the Japan Fisheries
Research and Education Agency (a National Research and Development Agency) and several universities.
Opah fillets
             A Sea Marché brand product
Kyokuyo Group Integrated Report 2021 36

In April 2020, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare revised the Dietary Reference Intakes for Japanese, and in order to promote the prevention of lifestyle-related diseases from a young age, the target amount of sodium (sodium chloride equivalent) for adults was lowered by 0.5 grams per day (less than 7.5 g for male and less than 6.5 g for female per day). However, there is data that currently people excessively intake about 3 grams, and it is viewed as a problem that the target amount and the current intake differ significantly. The Kyokuyo Group, based on this current situation, continuously proposes low-salt products that take into account the health of its customers.
We are launching new products under the concept of “a low-salt life that is doable and delicious.” In autumn 2020, we released “Sardines in Soy sauce (Low Salt)” and “Sardines in Miso sauce (Low Salt),” both with 25% less salt than Kyokuyo’s conventional products. In autumn 2021, we are planning to release “Mackerel in Brine (Low Salt)” and “Mackerel in Miso sauce (Low Salt),” both with 30% less salt than the conventional products, (aiming for a launch in September 2021).
Changes in food lifestyles have led to the greater appeal of “time-savings,” such as easier preparation, resulting in a further increase in expectations for processed foods and seasonings. Considering also the fact that there is greater demand for eating at home due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are aware that the responsibility of food companies, which are involved in customers’ food and health, has become even greater. In order to practice our corporate philosophy of “contributing to a healthy and heart-enriched lifestyle and food culture” and, moreover, to contribute to society as a food company, we will continue to develop and sell a series of low-salt products and products with “high health value.”

In recent years, the shortage of labor in medical, nursing care, and welfare facilities has become a serious social problem. Food preparation sites at these facilities require quicker and easier preparation, as well as products that are easy for the elderly to eat and swallow.
We have received valuable feedback from nutritionists and others from medical and nursing care facilities who have visited
Care Show Japan, an exhibition that we have exhibited at seven times. By making efforts to create products based on this feedback, we will help to solve social problems in medical care, nursing care, and welfare.