Providing safe and reliable products
We place top priority on providing safe and reliable products for our customers. We will build, maintain, manage, and continuously review systems to that end.
◦Complying with the Law
We will comply with all relevant laws and regulations related to food, such as the Food Sanitation Act. We will also comply with voluntary agreements established separately.
◦Providing accurate information
We will provide our customers with accurate and easy- to-understand information on our products.
◦Sincere Customer Support
In the event of an accident or complaint with our products, we will prevent the spread of damage, investigate the cause, formulate countermeasures, and report to customers promptly and with sincerity.

Kyokuyo convenes a Kyokuyo Cooperation Association Technical Research Meeting every February with the participation of the plants that we contract to process our products. In 2021, it was postponed due to COVID-19 pandemic, but usually in order to improve the quality of products at each plant, we are sharing wide-ranging information, from basics to the very detailed every year. Specifically, we report cases of complaints and make related requests, explain and make requests concerning revisions to food-related laws and regulations and compliance with the Food Labeling Act, and exchange information on hygiene management methods and case studies of success and failure at each plant.
In addition, we invite lecturers from outside the company to give talks on specialized topics, provide hands-on practical training, and take other steps to acquire the knowledge needed by quality control personnel at a production plant.
Improving the environment at production sites
Kyokuyo works on quality assurance activities, centered on our Quality Assurance Department, with our top priority of procuring safe and reliable foods. To ensure the production of safe and reliable products, members of our Quality Assurance Department personally visit processing subcontractors in Japan as well as in foreign countries where there are no permanent quality control staff members, in order to conduct audits and provide guidance. In addition, we divide production sites into four ranks, based on such factors as production quantity, to decide the frequency of plant inspections, and visit them to check on their plant management system, which is crucial for the supply of safe and reliable products.
At processing subcontractors in China, Vietnam, and Thailand, we have Japanese and local staff specializing in quality control stationed on site to respond speedily in ensuring product quality and hygiene management. Local foreign staff members are periodically trained in Japan to deepen their understanding of the management required for food products bound for Japan.