At present, various social and environmental issues are driving a growing interest in corporate social responsibility (CSR) for the realization of a sustainable society. Companies are now required not only to pursue “economic value” such as sales and profits, but also “social value” that helps to resolve social issues.
Given this situation, the Kyokuyo Group is determined to fulfill its social responsibility and to do its part to realize a sustainable society through ESG-focused business activities, based on our Corporate Philosophy and the Kyokuyo Group Corporate Action Charter. Accordingly, we have formulated the Kyokuyo Group Basic Procurement Policy in line with ISO 26000, an international standard for social responsibility, and are promoting responsible procurement activities.

In order to build a sustainable supply chain through responsible procurement, we must work not only with the Kyokuyo Group, but also with all the business partners who provide us with raw materials, products, materials and equipment, and services.
In order to provide our business partners with an understanding of the Kyokuyo Group’s thinking and request their cooperation in responsible procurement activities, we have established Supplier Guidelines as principles for our business partners with the aim of contributing to the realization of a sustainable society throughout the supply chain.

As mentioned above, the Kyokuyo Group encourages the handling of MSC- and ASC-certified marine products. In handling these products, we are required to meet the CoC standards for management certification of processing and distribution processes and to obtain the certification.
CoC certification is primarily aimed at establishing traceability by preventing the mixing of certified and non- certified marine products in the processing and distribution, from certified fisheries and aquaculture farms to product sales. Certification also requires in its stipulated principles and
precautions that there is no connection to forced labor, child labor, and vessels deemed to engage in illegal, unreported, and unregulated (IUU) fishing. In order to sell marine products as certified, they must be procured from suppliers that have obtained this certification, the same as us.
The Kyokuyo Group agrees with this certification management method, and believes that further increased handling of certified marine products is essential to its responsible procurement.