Kyokuyo Group’s recognition and policy
Kyokuyo believes that creating a comfortable workplace has many benefits, including motivating employees to work, encouraging them to demonstrate their abilities and as a result improve productivity, realize efficient management, and prevent mental health issues. To promote this policy, we have introduced various systems and are proceeding with revisions or abolition to improve their utilization rates.
Creating a comfortable working environment
Introduction of mental healthcare measures and stress checks
Mental health refers to one’s emotional health status, and maintaining the good mental health of employees is essential for corporate growth and development.
We have been working on mental health promotion and mental healthcare measures for employees since before 2015, when a stress-check system became mandatory. We have contracted with an external specialized organization to establish a consultation service to give employees access to information and advice from a third-party point of view. We have also conducted stress-check tests every year since 2015 to help individual employees understand their own stress status, and we have been working to make this useful for future health management.

Harassment prevention and expert support
We are working to create safe and comfortable workplaces that are harassment-free and where all employees can respect each other. At the beginning of each fiscal year, we remind employees of this through a notice sent out and have also established an external consultation service with qualified experts such as clinical psychologists and psychiatric social workers as a measure of precaution regarding all forms of harassment including sexual harassment and power harassment.

At different sites in Japan, the Kyokuyo Group accepts foreign technical intern trainees, and they are now indispensable in each of these workplaces. One
by one, each company that accepts trainees has also received recognition as an excellent user, with Kaiyo Foods Co., Ltd., Kyokuyo Shokuhin Co., Ltd., and Kyokuyo Fresh Co., Ltd. having obtained certifications of excellence.

What I felt using maternity and childcare leave: Balancing work and family
In 2019, I took maternity and childcare leave, and in April 2021 I returned to the same department. During my maternity and childcare leave, the company took care of all related procedures for me. And since I was able to exchange information with the persons in charge in the Personnel Department, I was not concerned about returning to work. I am currently using the Shorter Working Hours for Childcare System, which is very helpful because it allows me to pick up my child at 5:30 p.m. I am also very grateful for the understanding and support of my colleagues in the department, who make sure I don’t leave late due to overtime work and also make it possible for me to leave suddenly or take time off. As of March 31, 2019, there were 33 people who had returned to work after maternity and childcare leave, and we are in a supportive environment where we can consult colleagues having longer career as moms about work and child-rearing concerns.
Thanks to this support, I am able to balance work and parenting, and live a fulfilling life every day.