Kyokuyo Group’s recognition and policy
We will strive to understand and respect the culture, customs, and traditions of the local communities where we do business, with a view to coexisting in harmony with them. We will build mutual trust by actively deepening communication with local communities and address issues related to the lives of people in the community and the global environment through our business, thereby contributing to regional development.
Canoe Slalom Japan Cup / Clean River Activities
Since 2017, Kyokuyo has been sponsoring the activities of the Japan Canoe Federation as an official partner with a view to engaging in environmental conservation activities that stress to society the need for harmonious coexistence with nature and the importance of water resources.
In particular, after each competition in the Canoe Slalom Japan Cup Kyokuyo Series, for which we are a crown sponsor, we invite those involved in the competition as well as the spectators to join us in Clean River Activities along the competition course. We conduct these environmental conservation activities around the country throughout the competition.
In fiscal 2020, although competition and Clean River Activities were held only once due to the spread of COVID-19, 87 people participated.

Special lecture at Kagawa Nutrition University
On November 24, 2020, we gave a special lecture on the fisheries and food industries at Kagawa Nutrition University, introducing the situation in the field with a mix of hands-on practice. Under the theme of Fish: From Ocean to Table, the lecture focused on topics including the history of the fisheries industry, the world’s seafood situation, the latest aquaculture technology, and the manufacturing, processing, and development of foods using marine products as their main raw material. Through such special lectures, we provide opportunities for students to deepen their understanding of SDGs initiatives aimed at realizing sustainable fisheries, including the conservation of the marine environment and the appropriate and effective use of fishery resources.

In September 2021, at the United Nations Food Systems Summit in New York, the Kyokuyo Group joined others in presenting examples of its initiatives as a way of introducing Japan’s commitment to a sustainable food system based on cooperation between public and private sectors that contributes to the SDGs. For details, please see the relevant website of Japan’s Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries.
