Value-creation Strategy 
Data 
Topics 
“Design thinking” to realize customer needs 
Yamagata City 
Foundation for Sustainable Growth 
    
IHI Tsunagu Lab (IHI innovation hub) was established in 2014 as a hub for collaborating with diverse customers and partners to create new value. Design thinking, which is basic to all initiatives for open innovation, is the development of products and services from the customer’s perspective. 
combining the technological and design capabilities of both partners. The name joins the first syllables of each partner’s name, “I” and “To,” and the resulting word “ito” means “thread” in Japanese, signifying that I-To Lab is a research facility that connects products and value, companies and universities, Tohoku and the world, customers and IHI, and engineering and design. 
—The evolving shape of open innovation— IHI and Tohoku University of Art & Design 
(TUAD: Yamagata, Yamagata Prefecture), which nurtures design thinkers, formed a tie-up to conduct joint workshops, etc. in December 2018. IHI and TUAD operate the I-To Lab. in Yamagata to solve issues. The lab, which is also helping to vitalize its surrounding community, facilitates innovation by 
Voice 
My specialty is interface design. To research this area, we need to think about relevant products and customers, as well as the experience-type value people can obtain through information, services, the environment, and so on. Design thinking is essential to do this. Design thinking 
is about identifying issues that are affecting customers, our end-users, and then creating excellent solutions. Our curriculum at Tohoku University of Art & Design is tailored to ensure that students learn about design thinking and then find employment in the design divisions or business planning divisions of companies after graduating. IHI possesses a diverse range of fundamental technologies as a company that deals broadly with infrastructure products. We envision our collaboration, which combines IHI’s technical resources and TUAD’s curriculum, will lead to the creation of new businesses and services. To test this model, we formed a workshop run by 
IHI employees and TUAD students. The theme of the workshop was to “Find true customers!” by considering new products and services targeted at end-users who actually use IHI’s technologies. Because the members varied in age and experience as well as physical location, initially we were concerned about how well the trial would work. Nevertheless, IHI team members realized the students’ ideas were novel and joint activities such as video conferences became much livelier than expected. TUAD is located in Yamagata Prefecture, which is on the forefront of dealing with Japan’s low birth rate, aging population and population decline. What is the innovation required to keep towns vibrant? In Yamagata’s own unique way, we are collaborating with IHI to devise ways to enrich peoples’ lives, turn the ideas into reality and then finally disseminate them to the world. 
Achieve SDGs by providing products and services. 
 
IHI Tsunagu Lab (IHI innovation hub) 
Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture (IHI Yokohama Engineering Center) Introduction of products/technical 
opportunities Holding technical matching seminars Holding workshops 
IHI Group Yokohama Labs 
Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture (IHI Yokohama Engineering Center) 
Information-sharing & idea creation Idea prototyping & project realization Integration of experimental functions 
    
Customers 
 
IHI Launch Pad 
Silicon Valley, U.S. Collaboration with startups 
Surveying overseas technology and business 
Regional vitalization Innovation 
As a contact base for sales offices across Japan, IHI launches new businesses that solve problems and thereby support regional vitalization. 
  
Tohoku University of Art & Design Product Design Department 
Satoshi Sakai 
Associate Professor 
