36 
Value-creation Strategy 

Foundation for Sustainable Data 
Growth 
Topics 
JIM Technology acquired HK Terratec to strengthen global competitiveness of shield machine 
Global strategy based on synergy of strengths 
JIMT, having a track record of delivering more than 4,000 shield machines in Japan and overseas with strengths in large-diameter shield machines, now has become capable to offer a total system including the backup systems brought by Terratec through a capital tie-up with Terratec. 
Terratec also has a proven track record in the global market, including large market shares in India, South East Asia and Turkey. The strategic alliance between JIMT and Terratec in TBM business will realize significant synergies in technology and thereby enhance mutual competitive strengths. 
1. Tunnel boring machines (TBMs) are used for excavating subway and road tunnels. 
2. Backup systems are installed behind the TBM main unit to move tunnel boring machines. 
         
JIM Technology Corporation (JIMT), an IHI subsidiary in the shield system field, acquired 51% of Hong Kong- based Terratec Limited. Terratec offers a total system based on its tunnel boring machine (TBM) main units 1 and backup systems 2, which it is marketing globally. The two companies, have already been cooperating in overseas projects, are now leveraging their mutual strengths to become a world-class comprehensive tunnel builder. 
Growing by overseas market development 
The overseas market for TBMs is worth about US$ 3.5 billion, 10 times the size of the market in Japan, is expected to achieve further growth in the future and is expected to continue growing. The demand for TBMs has great promise due to needs for infrastructure maintenance and subway route expansion, particularly in the developing interior regions of China and India and also in urbanizing areas of ASEAN, Middle East, Turkey and more. 
Backup systems 
Excavation for the Thomson line of the Singapore subway 
TBM main unit 
Hong Kong 
Achieve SDGs by providing products and services. 

Terratec 
Global business development Provision of total systems including TBM main units and backup systems Provision of machine operation and aftermarket service Global purchasing network Does not yet support large, complex TBMs 
JIM Technology 
High engineering ability of large-diameter TBMs and strong track record High brand power Insufficient ability to provide total systems (No backup systems) 
Insufficient overseas sales ability and aftermarket service support ability 

Supplementary 

Global strategy for shield systems 
Participate in large-scale overseas projects, primarily in India, SE Asia, and Turkey, aiming to become a world-class comprehensive tunneling machinery manufacturer. 
   
 
