40 
Value-creation Strategy 

Foundation for Sustainable Data 
Growth 
  
Topics 
Europe 
Accelerate global expansion of heat and surface treatment business 
    
Our business unit provides both equipment and job services for heat and surface treatments to customers worldwide, through our group companies IHI Machinery and Furnace, IHI Ionbond, IHI Hauzer Techno Coating and IHI VTN. 
This allows our customers to choose between purchasing equipment for in-house production or outsourcing the service, depending on their production system. The capability to provide the same IHI technologies in both cases is the strength of our business. The demand in machinery-related industries is growing particularly in Europe at present. 
Heat treatment of metal parts and surface treatment to form thin layers on surfaces are technologies aimed at improving properties such as wear resistance, impact resistance and surface smoothness. They are widely used for general manufacturing tools, automotive parts and more. 
Reduction of parts weight and production costs are both possible by replacing metal with lightweight materials, such as plastic, and by adding a metal thin layer to the surface only. We are also contributing to environmental- impact reduction with a coating technology that does 
not use hexavalent chromium, which is harmful to the human body. 
We will expand applications in existing fields such as in medical (medical tools, artificial joints, etc.), interiors (door knobs, water faucets, etc.), luxury goods (watches, accessories, etc.) and accelerate globalization by increasing our production capacity in North America, China and India, where market growth is anticipated. 
Achieve SDGs by providing products and services. 

Medical 
 
Medical tools/ artificial joints, etc. 
Automotive 

Engine piston rings, piston pins, transmission gears, etc. 
   
Decorative parts on meters and control panel 
Manufacturing industry 

Cutting/forming tools, etc. 
Interiors 

Door knobs, water faucets, etc. 
Expand applications in new fields 
Luxury goods 

Watches, accessories, etc. 
                   
IHI Heat Treatment and Surface Engineering Business Unit Network in Europe 
Examples of fields and products where heat and surface treatments are applied 
