  Machine Tools & Mechatronics business
Machine Tools & Mechatronics business sales / Net sales (FY2017)
SHAPING A BETTER FUTURE
Machine Tools & Mechatronics business sales
  11.2%
Mid-term Plan
Strengthening response to changes in automobile trends
• Slimmed down machining systems supporting engine downsizing.
• Highaccuracy grinding contributing to the quietness of EVs.
• Strengthening production/sale mechanisms in the expanding regions
of China, India and ASEAN.
Shift to fields of growth
• Higher added-value for motors, batteries, semiconductors, robots, aircraft components and equipment components.
• Creating a next-generation gear machining system.
• Commercializing new machining technology such as additional
machining.
Contributing to maintenance and advancement of society's production activities
• A future shortage of skilled workers, proposing high-efficiency production systems incorporating machine smartification and IoE technology.
Progress in FY2017
Response to sophistication of automotive-related needs
• Released the GF50M Series - twin wheel crankshaft grinders with improvements in terms of high accuracy, high productivity and flexibility.
Response to EV-related needs
• Released GS200H - a gear skiving center realizing groundbreaking downsizing for easy insertion into mass production lines as a machine processing motor reducer components for EVs.
Response to related IoE needs
• Released JTEKT-SignalHop - an easy additional IoE tool that monitors the status lamps which indicate the operating status of machines for the visualization of operating status.
Promotion of business structure reform
• Began sale of used machines. By strengthening aftermarket service, offer new value throughout the life cycle of our customers' machines to create a business substance resilient against economic fluctuation.
• As the third pillar of business, rolled out IoE-focused on monozukuri, turned three in-house plants into showrooms and expanded use cases.
Solutions for social issues (from the perspective of SDGs)
       The Machine Tools & Mechatronics business supports our customers in "Monozukuri" through the provision of machine tools and mechatronic products such as grinders, machining centers and control systems.
In FY2017, we promoted front-loading activities to strengthen our ability to present proposals to customers parallel to efforts to streamline our production processes.
In FY2018, we concentrated our efforts on development of new products responding to a shift towards EVs expected to entail next-generation downsized engines and market growth. Moving forward, as a group of monozukuri professionals, we lead our customers in the transition to IoE and smartification of manufacturing lines overall, we will continue sup- porting the development of the world's manufacturing industry, starting with automo- tive.
Small-sized crankshaft
Smartification of machines
Small-sized camshaft
AI optimized conditions
    General Chief of Machine Tools Business Headquarters
Shinji Kato
Grinders
Strengths
Smart cutting Symptom-based management
  Visualization of machine condition Visualization of machining accuracy
Highly-experienced technician level
   GF50M
GS200H
Transmitter
         Reduction in working population
• Increased labor-saving and automation needs.
(people)
10,000 5,000 0
60.0 58.1 56.7 55.5
2020 2030 2040
2050
• In regards to production environment, realizing smart factories with safe work environments, etc. leveraging IoE
• In order to improve the productivity of workers, thoroughly eliminating muda (waste) that does not produce added value to achieve efficient production with limited resources. Evolving monozukuri itself through the smartification of machines and plants.
• Achieving higher accuracy/lighter/smaller element parts, evolving high-accuracy grinders and gear skiving centers and realizing production activities with higher energy efficiency
* JTEKT-SignalHop is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation. 42
Increasing development speed by shifting to a common platform
  description of business
In-house manufacturing of precision element components and system equipment such as cutting machines, machining centers, gear skiving centers, control systems represented by cam/crankshaft grinders and general-purpose cylindrical grinders. Solutions overall lines and overall plants are offered by specialists in the technologies and products required for "Monozukuri".
Wireless
 Machining Centers
Control systems
Business environment analysis
Changing trends of vehicle powertrains
• Engine downsizing and increased motors and batteries.
JTEKT- SignalHop
Made in 1978, rebuild
   High-accuracy and high-efficiency grinders equipped with TOYODA STATBEARING
• Adopt in-house made, easy-to-use CNCs specifically designed for grinders. World-class practical ability with our cam/crankshaft grinders
High-rigidity machining centers good at machining difficult-to-machine material
• Support a broad variety of production, ranging from automo- tive-related to farming and construction machinery
Control systems that have advanced hand-in-hand with car production lines
• Visualization reflecting feedback from production shop floors covering everything from plant management to line control
• In-house development and manufacturing of control systems and high-functionality of machine tools.
* Gear skiving center is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
41 * TOYODA STATBEARING is a registered trademark of JTEKT Corporation.
200 150 100
50
2000 2010
• Promoting efficient, energy-saving equipment to produce the optimal amount in the optimal location