 Social
Basic Philosophy
“Pursuing the happiness of the employees and their families and aiming to become a company that is trusted by its shareholders, customers, suppliers, and communities.” In accordance with this management philosophy, the Company places top priority on relationships with all stakeholders in conducting social contribution activities. We will also strive to ensure that we provide our employees with comfortable workplaces.
   20 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
With local communities
The Company will engage actively in locally based activities to fulfill our duties as a corporate citizen.
Joint organization of a Japanese papermaking lesson with the C.W. Nicol Afan Woodland Trust
We have been providing support to the C.W. Nicol Afan Woodland Trust since 2015. On February 27, 2018, we jointly organized a Japanese papermaking lesson with the trust at Miyanomori Elementary School in the city of Higashimatsushima in Miyagi Prefecture. Mr. Rogier Uitenboogaar, an artist of Japanese paper craft, was invited to give a lecture. During the lesson, the children made Japanese paper mixed with fallen leaves from the forest and local seaweed from kozo and mitsumata trees planted in the forest at the
back of the school building in March 2016. The lesson provided them with an opportunity to learn about the importance of the natural environment as well as the fun of papermaking.
              TSUNAGU GALLERY
At the entrance on the first floor of our head office, there is a gallery that is open for viewing to business partners and the public. It serves as a space for exchanges, displaying artworks and paper products featured in the TSUNAGU magazine. In fiscal 2017, it held a total of four exhibitions, including one featuring 3D artworks produced from newsprint paper by Ms. Chie Hitotsuyama.
KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 / 21
  With employees
The Company is convinced that staff are the greatest asset of trading companies. We have created workplaces where individual employees can display their capabilities and carry out their duties in high spirits.
       Diversity Promotion Policies
We aim to manage ourselves globally and sustain our growth. We consider an environment that enables employees, the most important asset for a trading company, to work enthusiastically and successfully to be the basis of its sustainable management. We expect all employees to work more energetically toward sustainable management under the diversity promotion policies it has established.
Improving the Work-Life Balance
We establish an environment that permits employees to take on more challenging jobs that while maintaining employment by balancing their work with their personal commitments, such as childcare and nursing care.
Promotion of Diversity
We offer opportunities for our employees to develop their potential, encouraging independent efforts irrespective of sex, age, official duties, disabilities, nationalities and other attributes. We establish an environment that permits all employees to work energetically to the best of their abilities.
Diversification of Employees
We continue to appoint women to executive positions and to hire students from other countries and ready workers in mid- career. We are striving to enhance our value as a global company by advancing its efforts to diversify its workforce.
  Plan of Action for General Employers
KPP has formulated the plan of action set out below for the purpose of developing a worry-free working environment that helps employees to display their skills and attain work-life balance, and ensuring that they can work while raising children.
Period
From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2020
Details
Target 1: Reduce overtime working hours and eliminate unpaid overtime work
Actions to be commenced in April 2017
• Continue to specify one or two days per week when overtime work is not permitted.
• Monitor employees’ attendance status with the attendance management system to take actions to address the situation concerning overtime work.
• Provide education on the strict management of subordinates’ overtime work, the elimination of unpaid overtime work and the risks of labor accidents arising from long working hours in the training for newly-appointed section managers.
Target 2: Ensure that the childcare and nursing care leave program is well known and help employees on leave to return smoothly to work.
Actions to be commenced in April 2017
• Encourage good communications between employees on leave and their superiors or the human resources department.
• Organize training sessions on the childcare and nursing care leave program for newly appointed section managers in a bid to improve their understanding.
Target 3: Organize office tours for family members with a view to achieving work-life balance
Actions to be commenced in April 2017
• Since fiscal 2011, we have been holding office tours for family members with a view to achieving work-life balance and communication between households and the company. We regard them as opportunities for linking the company with families for employees who are working while raising children, and for other employees as opportunities for deepening their understanding of colleagues with dependent family members by learning about these colleagues. We will continue to organize these tours.
  Participation in a Rooftop Greening Project in Ginza
There is a vegetable garden on the roof of KPP’s head office, which was greened in 2010. Volunteers among employees are using this garden as a place for communication, growing vegetables and fruits all year around. Since 2015, KPP has also been taking part in a rooftop greening project advanced by an NPO called the Ginza Honey Bee Project, in which sweet potatoes cultivated on the rooftops of buildings around the Ginza area are used as part of the ingredients for brewing
shochu distilled liquor. Sweet potatoes grown on the rooftops were provided
to this project in 2017 as well.
Support for the Environment Athletes Organization
Since our founding, we have been supporting the Environment Athletes Organization, endorsing its objective of offering environmental education and realizing a social contribution with sports as a focus. The Organization is dispatching athletes to elementary schools in each area to give extracurricular lessons on the environment where participating children can learn the importance of clean water, air and the earth from nature with athletic activities as a medium.
Support for the Japan Rugby Football Union
KPP has been supporting the Scrum Japan Program sponsored by the Japan Rugby Football Union (JRFU) since 2015. This Program is aimed at training the next generation of capable individuals through rugby. Its objectives are to popularize rugby among young people and beginners, assist extracurricular activities at elementary, junior high and senior high schools, and link those activities with the training of individuals able to work successfully in various fields in the future. We hope to contribute to the development of a healthy and vibrant society through sports in the period through the Rugby World Cup scheduled to take place in Japan.
        22 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 / 23
With neighboring kindergartens and nursery schools
We are working to build ties with local kindergartens and nursery schools. In fiscal 2017, we cooperated in a Halloween-inspired event at Pocket Land Akashicho Nursery School. When its children attended in masquerade costumes, our employees treated them to candy. At the Tanabata star festival season, preschoolers from the aforementioned nursery school and also from Chuo Ward Municipal Akashi Kindergarten visited our office. They viewed the Tanabata bamboo and tied pieces of paper to it on which they had written their wishes.
Social

 Promotion of Diversity
KPP has developed Diversity Promotion Policies and is striving to create an environment where employees, as our greatest asset as a trading company, can play active roles with a positive outlook. Because we operate all over the world, we are working to recruit new graduates from overseas universities and mid-career personnel for executive positions at overseas bases. Since fiscal 2016, we have been drawing up a Plan of Action for Promotion of Female Career Advancement. In accordance with this plan, we recruit women for the main career track with an eye toward their future promotion to managerial positions and assign female employees on the main career track to positions to which few such personnel were formerly assigned.
Non-financial information
Personnel Data
Number of employees (figures on a consolidated basis)*1
Improvement in Work-Life Balance
We offer programs that permit many different work styles that match a range of circumstances and wishes of individual employees, including those for a leave of absence and shorter working hours for childcare and nursing care purposes, in an effort to create a reassuring working environment that helps employees balance their work with family life. To address long working hours, which are detrimental to productivity enhancement and health, we endeavor to implement proper time management and address the situation by monitoring the actual state of overtime work. Since fiscal 2009, we have been strongly enforcing a ban on overtime work on one or two days per week.
1,011 976 956
   Plan of Action for Promoting Female Career Advancement
KPP has formulated the plan of action set out below for the purpose of making preparations for promoting female career advancement in the workplace.
Period
From April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2019
Problems facing the Company
(1) Low percentage of women on the main career track (2) Uneven assignment of female employees (3) Low percentage of women among those in managerial positions
Target 1: Recruit at least one woman per year for the main career track.
Target 2: Increase the number of women in sales teams to double the current level or more.
Target 3: Increase the number of women in managerial positions to at least 1.5 times the fiscal 2015 level by fiscal 2020.
Specific Actions and Timing
Actions 1
Continuously recruit women for the main career track with an eye toward their future promotion to managerial positions. From April 2016: Consider policies and targets for increasing the ratio of women recruited.
From April 2017: Carry out recruitment to meet the target considered.
Actions 2
Positively assign female employees on the main career track to positions to which few such personnel were formerly
assigned.
From April 2016: Carry out interviews with female employees in sales teams.
From October 2016: Analyze the problems involved in assigning women to sales teams.
From April 2017: Consider constantly assigning more than one female employee per year to sales teams. From April 2018: Put this assignment into practice and perform follow-up reviews on a regular basis.
Actions 3
Help female employees to remain and build their careers for development into managerial roles
From April 2016: Carry out surveys and interviews of female employees to clarify their training needs.
From October 2016: Consider a training program on the basis of the survey and interview findings.
From April 2017: Provide training to help with career development.
From April 2017: Provide training to raise the awareness of those in managerial positions so that they formulate plans for the development of their female subordinates.
From April 2017: Carry out interviews with those in managerial positions and provide training for helping with career development in which work styles during pregnancy, pre- and post-childbirth leave and after returning from childcare leave are discussed.
      Fiscal 2015
 Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2017
  Number of employees (figures on a non- consolidated basis)*1
*Excluding fixed-term employees and post- retirement workers
Ratio of men and women in administrative positions*1
Men 460 449 423
Women 244 250 242
Total 704 699 665
     Men 96.0%
Women 4.0%
95.7% 96.3%
4.3% 3.7%
17.7 18.3
1.94% 2.27%
8 12
100% 85.7%
6 6
20 25
1,294,806 1,306,053 1,315,895 1,334,353
  Average length of continuous service (figures on a non-consolidated basis)*1 17.4
Changes in the ratio of persons with disabilities employed 2.06%
Number childcare leave system users*2 6
Percentage of employees who return to work after taking childcare leave 100%
Number of childcare time (shortened work-hour) system users*2 3
Number of continued employment system users 14
*1: The figures are the number of such employees and their ratio as of March 31 of the relevant fiscal year. *2: Number of employees who started using the system during this fiscal year
       Environmental Data
Amount of electricity consumed*1 [Unit: kWh]
Amount of waste discharged
Amount of water used*2 [Unit: m3]
Head office and branches in Japan
Head office and Amount of waste discharged (Unit:
branches in Japan Ratio of waste recycled (Unit: %)
Head office and branches in Japan
kg)
137,986 143,583
70.6 68.6
17,529 19,206
132,557
70.4
18,114
128,724
69.8
11,291
   Fiscal 2014
 Fiscal 2015
 Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2017
     Staff development and promotion
With many different staff members playing active roles, we have introduced a personnel management system that provides multiple career paths according to positions and duties. Our training includes training for those newly joining us, on-the-job training from longer-serving colleagues in
the workplace and internal level-specific training. We also operate a program that provides support for qualification acquisition. In addition, we have introduced e-learning to help develop flexible skills for adapting to new business environments.
24 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2018
KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 / 25
[Period covered] April 1 to March 31 of each fiscal year
[Scope of aggregation] The scope of aggregation for all items, excluding the amount of energy used as a business operator, equals the scope to which KPP’s environmental management system is applied (its head office and branches in Japan).
*1: The amount of electricity consumed at the head office and branches occupied by sales departments under the control of branches in Japan
*2: The amount of water used at the head office and branches occupied by sales departments under the control of branches in Japan
Social
