        Environment  Reduce CO2 Emissions
Aircraft
Targets
Below FY2019
 Initiatives
• Use of SAF
• Adopt new aircraft technologies • Improve flight operations
• Use of emission trading schemes
  Requirements for Success
• Stable supply of SAF (volume and price)
• Adopt new aircraft technologies (Development of electric and hydrogen airplanes, etc.) • Development of the CO2 credit market
       Non-Aircraft
Targets
33%+ reduction vs. FY2019
Net zero
    Initiatives
Requirements for Success
• Energy conservation and renewal of aging facilities and equipment
• Use of renewable energy (solar, wind, etc.)
• Select EVs (Electric Vehicles) and FCVs (Fuel Cell Vehicles) when upgrading airport vehicles
 • Expansion of renewable energy supply
• Development of airport infrastructure to convert to EVs/FCVs 20% reduction vs. FY2005 (1.00kgCO2/ RTK)
Less than 4.4 million tonsReduce Resource Waste Ratio (Plastics, Paper, etc.)Targets70%+ reduction vs. FY2019Zero waste ratioInitiatives
• Replace disposable plastics for eco-friendly materials
• Promote cargo plastic recycling
• Digitize paper resources (in-flight magazines, timetables, travel brochures,
and cargo waybills)Reduce Food Waste Ratio (Including In-Flight Meals, etc.)TargetsReduce to less than 3.8% (FY2019 waste ratio: 4.6%)Reduce to less than 2.3% (50% reduction vs. FY2019)Initiatives
• Monitor the disposal of in-flight and domestic airport lounge meals and reevaluate loading capacityReduce by 1% year on year
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
 Sustainability Initiatives
Material Issues
Please visit our corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/environment/
ANA Group 2050 Environmental Goals and 2030 Environmental Targets
   1 Reduce CO2 emissions
2 Reduce resource waste ratio
3 Reduce food waste ratio
4 Biodiversity conservation
In July 2020, ANA Group put together our 2050 Environmental Goals to address environmental issues, including a 50% reduction in CO2 emissions from aircraft operations by fiscal 2050 (compared to fiscal 2005). In light of the Japanese government October 2020 policy announcement of becoming carbon neutral by the year 2050, the ANA Group has furthered its 2050 Environmental Goals to include net zero aircraft CO2 emissions by fiscal 2050 and have put together our 2030 Environmental Targets as a roadmap to achieve this goal.
To achieve our goal of net zero CO2 emissions, it is necessary to make improvements to the facilities and the environment surrounding Air Transportation Business, including a stable supply of SAF*1 and increased airport infrastructure. Knowing that issues and needs arise as social conditions change, we will periodically examine the issues and revise our targets and plans as needed.
*1 SAF (Sustainable Aviation Fuel): Aviation fuel that is not produced from fossil fuels but from sustainable sources such as vegetable oils and animal fats.
 Basic Approach
The ANA Group has introduced the ANA Group Environmental Principles and the ANA Group Environmental Policies. These principles and policies build on the ANA FLY ECO 2020 medium- to long-term environmental plan from fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2020 and include initiatives for reducing our environmental impact. To resolve environmental problems, we recognize that efforts to reduce our environmental impact and the conservation of biodiversity are important management issues.
In addition to declaring carbon neutrality by fiscal 2050 in our 2050 Environmental Goals, the ANA Group has formulated new 2030 Environmental Targets and is making steady progress in our initiatives to reduce our environmental impact.
FY2030
FY2050
Net zero Past Initiatives ANA FLY ECO 2020 (2012-2020)
In terms of aircraft operations, we have been steadily achieving our targets since fiscal 2012 by improving flight operations and reducing fuel consumption through the proactive introduction of fuel-efficient aircraft, such as the Boeing 787. In fiscal 2020, due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we were forced to reduce and cancel flights, resulting in a significant 44% decrease in total CO2 emissions compared to the previous year.
CO2 Emissions per
Revenue-Ton-Kilometers (RTK)
on International and Target Domestic Route Targets and Results
CO2 emissions per RTK on international and domestic routes [Results]
CO2 emissions per RTK on international and domestic routes [Targets] (kgCO2/RTK)
However, due to a significant decrease in demand, CO2 emissions per ton-kilometer of paid transportation increased. In terms of the reduction of ground operations CO2 emissions (other than aircraft operations), we have been successful in our efforts to reduce our per-unit energy consumption for ground operations by 1% annually in accordance with the Act on the Rational Use of Energy. Total Domestic Route CO2 Emissions
Total domestic route CO2 emissions [Results]
Total domestic route CO2 emissions [Targets] (Million tons)
5
4.83 1.19 4
Target
  1.30
1.25 1.25 1.20
1.13
4.40
    4.36
4.13 4.13 4.09 4.00
1.67
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
   1.10
1.00
0.90
0.99
0.97
1.00
3
2
1
0
  1.01 0.96
   2005 2012
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2005 2012
-3.3
Per-Unit Energy Consumption for Ground Operations Target -1.0 -0.9 -0.7 -3.1 -4.2
-3.9
-9.0
-16.5
(FY) (%)50
51
For further details on the targets and results of ANA FLY ECO 2020, please refer to: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/environment/goal/#anchor003
Sustainability Initiatives
Environment
1 Reduce CO2 Emissions
Reduce CO2 Emissions from Aircraft Flight Operations
   ANA Group CO2 Emissions (image)
FY2030
Increase in CO2 emissions due to increased demand (assumed)
FY2050
 Targets
  Below FY2019 Net zero
         2019
2030 2050 (FY)
CORSIA*1 coverage period (2021 to 2035)
   Below FY2019
        The ANA Group is working to address environmental issues and recover and grow our business from the COVID-19 pandemic. To achieve our goal of zero CO2 aircraft emissions by fiscal 2050, our roadmap 2030 Environmental Targets is based on the international aviation ICAO/CORSIA guidelines. To reduce total emissions below fiscal 2019 levels, we are focusing on four pillars (1. Use of SAF, 2. Adopt new aircraft technologies, 3. Improve flight operations, and 4. Use of emission trading schemes). From fiscal 2030, we will accelerate our efforts
focusing on the use of SAF. We will achieve our fiscal 2050 goal of net zero CO2 emissions by continuing to improve flight operations and innovate with the latest technology as well as by focusing on fuels such as electricity and hydrogen.
*1 CORSIA (Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation):
A carbon offsetting and carbon reduction scheme to reduce CO2 emissions from international flights and limit the impact of aviation on climate change. Adopted by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), aircraft CO2 emission offsetting based on 2019 levels will be mandatory from 2021.
1 2 3 4
Use of SAF
Adopt New Aircraft Technologies
Improve Flight Operations
Use of Emission Trading Schemes
 52
   1
SAF is highly valued in positively contributing to the environment and so the ANA Group has placed its use at the center of our measures to reduce aircraft CO2 emissions. However, a large gap exists between the global demand for jet fuel and the current supply of SAF. The stable supply of SAF is therefore an issue that requires urgent attention. The ANA Group has been involved with the following initiatives to build a supply chain in anticipation of the increasing demand for SAF.
We are currently working together with the public and private sector to build a supply chain and manufacture SAF not only
overseas but also domestically by participating in the Japanese government’s study group on carbon neutrality by 2050 (such
as the study group on aircraft CO2 reduction).
*2 Carbon recycling business model: Power to Chemicals (P2C) is a carbon recycling technology that uses renewable energy and renewable hydrogen to recycle CO2 into highly valuable materials that positively contribute to the environment. This not only reduces CO2 emissions but also contributes greatly to the expansion of renewable energy.
2
As the launch customer of the fuel-efficient Boeing 787, the ANA Group owns 74 aircraft (as of the end of March 2021) and is actively introducing state-of-the-art aircraft such as the Airbus A320neo and A321neo. As of the end of March 2021, fuel-efficient aircraft accounted for 72.5% of the group‐owned fleet (jet aircraft only). We believe that we can further contribute to the reduction of CO2 emissions by advancing engine technology to run on fuels such as electricity or hydrogen.
Use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF)
  2011
To support the development of domestic SAF production, we invested in Euglena Co., Ltd. and later participated in a project run by the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO)
Signed an offtake agreement with U.S.-based SAF manufacturer LanzaTech, Inc.
Conducted a delivery flight of a new aircraft to Japan using SAF made from exhaust gas produced by LanzaTech, Inc. in collaboration with MITSUI & CO., LTD.
Strategic alliance with Finland‐based SAF manufacturer NESTE for medium- to long-term supply
In cooperation with NESTE, first scheduled flight using SAF departed from Haneda and Narita airports
Procured commercial-scale SAF from NESTE, scheduled to commence use on regularly scheduled flights from Haneda and Narita airports in summer 2021
Toshiba Energy Systems & Solutions Corporation, Toshiba Corporation, Toyo Engineering Corporation, Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd., and Japan CCS Co., Ltd. agreed to begin looking into a carbon recycling business model*2 that recycles CO2 from exhaust gas and other sources into SAF
For the NEDO project, domestically produced SAF manufactured by IHI Corporation was used for regularly scheduled commercial flights from Haneda Airport (June)
    2019
    2020
  2021
   Adopt New Aircraft Technologies
53

Sustainability Initiatives
Environment
3
The ANA Group is implementing initiatives to reduce our envi- ronmental impact at each stage of our operations. The Operations Department is managing results from setting the following three priority measures to reduce CO2 emissions:
(1) climb with early acceleration after takeoff, (2) single-engine taxiing, (3) reducing thrust reverser usage. We also implement environmentally friendly operations such as regular engine cleaning to improve combustion efficiency and flight planning by selecting the optimal altitude, speed, and route.
For more information on what we are doing at each stage of our operations, please refer to:
https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/environment/operating/
4
As we will need to offset increased CO2 emissions from 2021 onward as per ICAO/CORSIA guidelines, we will also utilize emissions trading (purchase of CO2 emissions credits) for CO2 emissions that cannot be reduced even after implementing the above measures (1 2 3).
  Improve Flight Operations
 Three Priority Operational Measures
 Creating a Flight Plan
 Under Maintenance
While Parking Aircraft Takeoff
During Cruise
During Climb
(1) Climb with early acceleration
During Descent
 Landing
(2) Single-engine taxiing
(3) Reducing thrust reverser usage
Post Flight
  Use of Emission Trading Schemes
  2 Reduce Resource Waste Ratio (Plastics, Paper, etc.)
FY2030 FY2050
The ANA Group promotes the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle) and is working to reduce our resources waste ratio. We encourage use reduction and recycling, especially of plastics and paper.
  Targets
  70%+ reduction vs. FY2019
Zero waste ratio
Reduce the Use of Plastics
We are replacing disposable plastic products used in airport lounges and on flights with eco-friendly materials such as paper and bio-plastics. From August 2021, we plan to become the first Japanese airline to change the main dish containers for international economy class in-flight meals from plastic to eco-friendly bagasse (stalks
3
and leaves left over when sugar is refined from sugar cane). This will reduce the amount of in-flight disposable plastic by approximately 30%. We are also encouraging the recycling of vinyl used for cargo packaging, not only to reduce the amount used but also to promote the 3Rs.
Reduce Paper Resources
We are working to reduce the use of paper resources by promoting the digitization of timetables, in-flight magazines, and cargo waybills, as well as optimizing the number of travel brochures.
     Reduce CO2 Emissions from All Non-Aircraft Flight Operations
FY2030 FY2050
The ANA Group implements appropriate energy management using our energy management system ANA Eiims based on our own Energy Management Standard. Companywide, the ANA Group reduced CO2 emissions by 26% in fiscal 2020 compared to the previous fiscal year. In addition, ANA and ANA Catering Service Co., Ltd. received the Excellence in Energy Efficiency Award (S Class) certification under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) for the sixth consecutive year since this scheme was established. To achieve net zero CO2 non-aircraft emissions by fiscal 2050, we will work to reduce energy consumption by fiscal 2030, focusing on the use of electricity and vehicle fuel (gasoline and diesel fuel), which accounts for the majority of our total emissions.
We will systematically upgrade our facilities and equipment to energy-saving devices. ANA Blue Base, the ANA Group com- prehensive training center, ANA Tonomachi Business Center, and ANA TELEMART Nagasaki Branch Call Center use electricity generated by their own solar power generation, and the use of renewable energy at their facilities reduces CO2 emissions.
In addition to deepening energy-saving measures, we are gradually upgrading our airport vehicles to hybrid vehicles (HVs), electric vehicles (EVs), and fuel cell vehicles (FCVs). We will make the switch to EVs and FCVs from all vehicles (ones that use gasoline) by fiscal 2030.
Reduce Food Waste Ratio (In-Flight/Airport Lounge Meals, etc.)
FY2030 FY2050
  Targets
  33%+ reduction vs. FY2019
Net zero
 Targets
  Reduce to less than 3.8% Reduce to less than 2.3% (FY2019 waste ratio: 4.6%) (50% reduction vs. FY2019)
The ANA Group is working to reduce our food waste ratio such as in-flight meals.
Reduce Food Waste Ratio In-Flight and at Domestic Airport Lounges
We monitor the waste ratio of in-flight meals on domestic and international flights, and review the number of meals carried in premium class on domestic flights and first and business class on international flights.
We have expanded pre-in-flight meal reservations in first class and business class sections of our international
flights. This service helps us meet passenger requests for in-flight meals and eliminate the need to load extra meals. This service improves customer satisfaction, while reducing food waste.
Going forward, we will reduce our food waste ratio throughout the product life cycle (procurement of ingredients, preparation, meal delivery, and disposal) by thoroughly managing in-flight light dishes between meals and domestic airport lounge meals.
   Electricity
  Vehicle Fuel
 54
55

Sustainability Initiatives
Environment
Implementation Structure
Important policies related to environmental activities are discussed at the Group ESG Management Promotion Committee. In addition, we established two subcommittees to discuss initiatives to reduce our impact on the environment: the Eco-First Subcommittee for initiatives related to aircraft operations and the Ground Energy Subcommittee for non-aircraft operations initiatives. The Eco-First Subcommittee and the Ground Energy Subcommittee are chaired by the General Manager of the Sustainability Promotion Department and are held at least
twice a year with the heads of environmental departments of major Group companies as committee members. In addition to the Group ESG Management Promotion Committee, important matters related to management policy are discussed at the Group Management Committee and submitted to the Board of Directors. We, along with each Group company and department, are promoting initiatives to address environmental issues by implementing PDCA management.Carbon Offset Program
The ANA Group offers the ANA Carbon Offset Program for each class on domestic and international routes. This pro- gram is a mechanism that allows passengers to offset the amount of CO2 emitted by their aircraft. We select offset pro- grams that meet global certification standards.
More details on the project, please refer to: https://www.ana.bluedotgreen.co.jp/en/home
Eco-First Certified Company
In 2008, ANA became the first in the transportation industry and the first airline to become a certified Eco-First Company. We received this honor in recognition of our environmental initiatives and corpo- rate stance that emphasizes social responsibility. As an environmentally advanced company, we have declared our Eco-First Promise to protecting the global environment and are working toward achieving a sustainable society.
 Initiatives to Reduce Environmental Impact
  • Identification of materiality
• Confirmation and setting of targets and activities based
Group Management Committee / Group ESG Management Promotion Committee policies
• Setting energy management standard based activities
PlanDo
• Initiatives at Group companies and departments (operational improvement and energy conservation activities)
• Understanding ANA Eiims environmental data
• Education and raising awareness• Review of initiatives
• Clarification of materiality • Incorporate into next plan
Action
PDCACheck
Cycle
• Analysis and evaluation at each department
• Stakeholder dialogue (opinions, assessment) • Internal/external audits
• Information disclosureBoard of Directors
Submit Agenda/Report
Group Management Committee
Propose Management Issues
Cross- Coordination
Group Companies and Departments
Information Disclosure
Report
Instructions
4 Biodiversity Conservation
Team Chura Sango Coral Reef Conservation
Project in Onna Village, Okinawa
The ANA Group has been working with the Okinawan Environment Ministry and Onna Village since 2004 on Team Chura Sango, a coral reef conservation project, to plant coral seedlings and conduct educational activities in and outside Okinawa Prefecture. The coral reef is facing a crisis due to bleaching caused by rising sea temperatures and feeding damage caused by a large number of crown-of- thorns starfish. To help pay for the coral seedling activities, ANA Mileage Club members are able to donate miles to support Team Chura Sango activities. A record number of 2,287 trees were planted in fiscal 2020, bringing the total to 15,432.
Supporting Amami Oshima, Tokunoshima, Northern Okinawa, and Iriomote Island as World Natural Heritage Sites
Since fiscal 2017, the ANA Group has supported the registration of these areas as World Natural Heritage sites. One of these activities is volunteers helping to control invasive plants that have a significant impact on the Yanbaru National Park ecosystem. In cooperation with the
Environment Ministry, Kunigami Village, and Ogimi Village, we are conducting activities under the guidance of Environment Ministry rangers, mainly in the Tagari district of Ogimi Village, where the damage is worst.
Organizing Seminars to Eradicate the Illegal Wildlife Trade
In March 2018, ANA became the first Japanese airline to sign the Buckingham Palace Declaration, which aims to eradicate illegal wildlife trade as recommended by IATA. Since fiscal 2018, we have been conducting seminars using illegal wildlife trade prevention educational textbooks super- vised by ROUTES*2 in collaboration with TRAFFIC*3. The fiscal 2020 online seminar was co-hosted with Narita International Airport Corporation for the second consecutive year. A total of 170 employees from ANA Group companies, including airport personnel and over-
seas branches participated.
        EPL Meeting
Instructions
Eco-First Subcommittee Ground Energy Subcommittee
     In response to investor requests for disclosure, the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) assessment is aimed at disclosing information on greenhouse gas emissions and corporate strategies for climate change. Since fiscal 2016, the ANA Group has dis- closed greenhouse gas emissions data corresponding to Scope 1, 2, and 3 as defined in the Act on the Rational Use of Energy. This data is verified for accuracy by a third-party agency. Our assessment for 2020 was B. (The industry average is C.)
In March 2019, the ANA Group became the first Japanese airline to endorse the recom- mendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, established by the Financial Stability Board*1. Based on the revision of Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, we will continue to enhance the quality and quantity of information disclosure related to climate change issues as an initiative to address sustainability issues.
*1 Financial Stability Board (FSB): A body comprising of financial ministries and central banks of each country that is responsible for the supervision of international finance.
The ANA Group has committed to SBT (Science Based Targets) in May 2020 and aims to have it approved within two years. Additionally, to be involved in setting rules for aviation‐sector reduction targets, we have joined the WWF (World Wide Fund for Nature)-led SBT Technical Subcommittee, and are helping to create guidance for reduction targets.
*2 *3
ROUTES: ROUTES is an international collaborative platform for dealing with criminal activities involving the illegal trade of wild animals.
TRAFFIC: An international NGO that surveys and monitors wildlife trade. Established as a joint project between the WWF and IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature)
     56
57