   1 Responding to the diversity of our customers
2 Human resources development to support
sustainable growthPlease visit our corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/customer_diversity/     Basic Approach
The ANA Group is promoting diversity and inclusion throughout the group.
As customer values diversify and the social environment changes, continuing to be chosen and trusted by all customers is
crucial for the future growth of the ANA Group. We will continue to accelerate initiatives aimed at providing world-class inclu- sive and universal services in an effort to fulfill our responsibility as a public transportation entity and build a sustainable inclu- sive society in which everyone can live together.
• Apartment-style low counters at five major domestic airports including Tokyo (Haneda) and Osaka (Itami)
Airport (Facilities)
• Installation of low counters at 50 airports in Japan
• Expanded deployment of special vehicles (lift buses) to support smooth boarding and disembarking of passengers in wheelchairs or on stretchers.
Aircraft
• In-flight wheelchair-accessible restrooms have been installed on small jets (A320neo/A321) in addition to large and medium-sized aircraft.
  Implementation Structure
One pillar of our corporate strategy is the fiscal 2018-2022 Universal Service Strategy, which provides ANA Group services that every customer can enjoy comfortably and with peace of mind. To enhance our universal services, we are expanding services, facilities, and equipment at various points of contact with customers, and promoting the development of human resources who can develop and provide services that respect the needs and diversity of each customer and are attentive to their feelings.
*1 ANA CX MAP: This map depicts various points of contact between customers and the ANA Group from daily life to post‐use.
Human Resources Development to Drive Barrier-Free Mindset Practices (Service Legacy of Diversity)
We promote human resources development through a variety of educational activities so that each employee can deepen their understanding and practice of people with disabilities.  Universal Service Refresher Training
Barrier-Free Mindset Seminar
     1 Responding to the Diversity of Our Customers
Creating an Environment for Customer Comfort (Facility Legacy of Diversity)
We will continue to create services, facilities, and equipment offering even greater comfort and convenience in any scenario, from pre-departure through arrival.
ANA CX MAP*1
Inclusive and Universal Services Practical Training
• We conduct training for all Group executives and employees to develop employees who understand diversity and can provide support and encouragement in a sympathetic manner.
Expansion of ANA’s Sora-Pass Classes
• We conduct regular e-learning sessions throughout the year to raise the level of universal services throughout the group
• We invite speakers from NPOs and universities and paralym- pians to give lectures as needed.
• We established hospitality guidelines for COVID-19 countermeasures.
   Creation of Hospitality Guidelines
     62
63
ANA Official Website
• For everyone to be able to use our ser- vices comfortably, we have adopted the global standard proposed by W3C*2 and taken measures to meet the WCAG 2.0*3 conformance level AA ranking.
Airport (Information)
• Telecommunication Relay Services at counters
• ANA Group employees created a hands-on curriculum that addresses characteristics of disabilities and visit special-needs schools to teach classes to students that are planning school trips on
ANA flights to help alleviate the anxieties about air travel.
Assistance Information Registration Service
   • By registering the necessary assistance information for boarding in advance, you can complete the reservation process smoothly.
*2 W3C: Abbreviation for World Wide Web Consortium. The name of a non-profit organization that promotes the standardization of web technologies. *3 WCAG 2.0: Abbreviation for Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Version 2.0. Guidelines for accessibility of web content.
 
Sustainability Initiatives
Diversity and Inclusion
Promoting Universal Services through Group Businesses
Leveraging Strengths for New Value: ANA Wing Fellows Vie Oji (Co., Ltd.)
To achieve a universal environment where all people can lead their lives without feeling inconvenienced, ANA Wing Fellows Vie Oji is developing a consulting business that combines a lively perspective and the spirit of hospitality through collaboration between people with disabilities and staff with customer service experience such as flight attendants. So far, we have provided support for verification and training for ANA Group employees regarding airport facilities and in-flight facilities and services, verifi- cation of accommodation facilities, and promotion of employment of visually impaired people. In fiscal 2020, we set up an online system and promoted the creation of an environment based on universal standards that are needed now in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Further Promotion of ESG Management
  FY2020 Evaluation
FY2022 Targets
Remarks  DJSI
Selected for inclusion in the World Index and Asia Pacific Index
 Same as FY2020
Stock index developed jointly by U.S.-based S&P and Switzerland-based RobecoSAM. Evaluates corporate sustainability from the perspectives of economy, environment, and society.
      FTSE
Selected as a component member of FTSE4Good Index
Same as FY2020
Stock index managed by the U.K.-based FTSE. Evaluates the initiatives and results of ESG management based on benchmarks.
     MSCI*
Selected as a compo- nent member of the Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)
Selected as a component member of the Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
Stock index managed by the U.S.-based MSCI. An index based on the performance of stocks around the world from various perspectives. Examines and evaluates corporate commitment to ESG.
       CDP
B
A– and above
External evaluation for institutional investors managed by a U.K-based NPO. Analyzes the corporate impact of CO2 on the environment and climate change, evaluating the company’s responses.
       Web usability consulting*4
Identification of issues and propos- als for countermeasures against COVID-19
Universal seminar to promote employment of people with disabilities
   • We conducted accessibility propos- als for website construction by visually impaired parties
*4 Web usability consulting: Helping everyone to obtain information from the web smoothly.
• We identified concerns and strug- gles of people with various disabili- ties (hearing, vision, wheelchair users, etc.) when using airport facilities and aircraft, and proposed specific countermeasures.
• Local governments plan and hold seminars for companies to promote the understanding of disabilities and employment of people with disabilities.
Using External Evaluations Related to ESG
Results of the four following external evaluations have provided us with an objective and multifaceted understanding of ANA Group ESG management. We intend to reflect these results in officer remuneration.
* THE INCLUSION OF ANA HOLDINGS INC. IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF ANA HOLDINGS INC. BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI.
MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
Issuance of Sustainability-Linked Bonds
In June 2021, we issued Sustainability-Linked Bonds with Sustainability Performance Targets (SPTs) that reflect our efforts in four material issues: Environment, Human Rights, Diversity and Inclusion (D&I), and Regional Revitalization.
If two or more of the four external evaluations regarding ESG described above (selected as SPTs) have not been achieved at the end of fiscal 2022, we will make a donation to a generally certified entity that engages in activities to create positive impacts for the environment and/or society. In addition to the group’s own ESG initiatives, we will create an additional positive impact by supporting activities through donations.
In fiscal 2018, we issued Green Bonds as an initiative for environment. In fiscal 2019, we issued Social Bonds as an initiative for D&I. Our Sustainability-Linked Bonds include the perspective of governance (G), as the results of the evaluations will be reflected in officer remuneration. We established targets to be achieved for the themes of environment (E) and social (S), and we aim to achieve these targets by making governance (G) function effectively.
 Toward Becoming an LGBT Friendly Airline Group
ANA has received the highest rating of “Gold” for the fifth consecutive year in the LGBT index “PRIDE Index 2020” by the voluntary organization work with Pride*5
Under the ANA Group Diversity and Inclusion Declaration of April 2015, each employee has deepened their understanding of LGBT issues, and we are working to promote a better under- standing of these and provide an inclusive workplace environment within the group along with our support for customer diversity.
We are promoting initiatives to achieve an inclusive society by distributing the ANA Group
LGBT Awareness Handbook and conducting training programs.
*5 work with Pride: A voluntary organization that supports the promotion and establishment of diversity management regarding LGBT and other sexual minorities.
2 Human Resources Development to Support Sustainable Growth
We believe it is the responsibility of the group, which operates globally, to contribute to the achievement of the SDGs through ESG-conscious business activities. By addressing the four material issues appropriately, we strive to enhance our corporate value through the creation of both social value and economic value.
See our corporate website for more details. https://www.anahd.co.jp/group/en/pr/202105/20210519.html
   Environment
 Human Rights
 Diversity and Inclusion
 Regional Revitalization
EGreen Bonds SSocial Bonds
(Issued October 2018)
 (Issued May 2019)
   64
65