 Integrated Report 2017
 Human Health Care
        
Contents
  Company Introduction
3 Materiality
4 HumanCapital ThedrivingforceofEisai“humanhealthcare(hhc)”  6 IntellectualCapital Eisai’sStrengthsintheDementiaArea 
8 History of Eisai 
10 Eisai’s Value Creation Process and Flow  12 Major Products
CEO Message
Medium-Term Business Plan ‘EWAY 2025’
HumanCapital CTOMessage HumanCapital hhcSpecialFeature
“Solution with Patients” Program   Global hhc Best Practices 
FinancialCapital CFOMessage  
 ■Editorial Policy for Integrated Report 2017
This is the third issue of Eisai’s Integrated Report. We aim to provide wide range of stakeholders including long-term investors with a better understanding of our corporate value enhancement in mid-to-long term perspective. In order to do so, we think it is important to continuously improve its quality, based on the valuable opinions we received through engagements with stakeholders.
The followings are the areas we focused on in this issue; •Enriched description of the corporate philosophy, “human
health care (hhc)” as Eisai’s driving force
•Enriched description of Eisai’s Strengths in the Dementia
Area
•Revision of Eisai’s Value Creation Process and Flow •Enhancement of Executive Messages
•Enriched description of initiatives on ESG (human capital
development strategies, initiatives for improving Access to
Medicines, corporate governance and others)
We will continuously try our best to improve the quality of the report in the next fiscal year and beyond to provide the readers with a better understanding of our corporate value enhancement.
    
 Management Strategies
 14 18 20 24
26
    Value Creating Activities
 32 34 36 40
42
44 47 48
50
52
55
56
58
60
Neurology Area
 IntellectualCapital IntellectualCapital IntellectualCapital Intellectual Capital
MessagefromCorporateofficers 6“Ricchi”andOngoingProjects DevelopmentofNewPotentialDementiaTreatments
Social and Relationship Capital
 ■Notes for Icons on Each Page
•Pages that are strongly related to 6 capitals which consist Eisai’s corporate value (intellectual capital, human capital, manufactured capital, social and relationship capital, natural capital and financial capital) are stamped with corresponding icons.
•Pages that are strongly related to 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are stamped with SDGs icons.
    Initiatives for Dementia Area
Offering Solutions that Go Beyond Providing Pharmaceuticals GlobalBrand:Fycompa,BELVIQ
Oncology Area 
IntellectualCapital MessagefromCorporateofficers IntellectualCapital 2“Ricchi”andOngoingProjects 
GlobalBrand:Lenvima,Halaven 
IntellectualCapital GlobalDrugCreationActivities 
IntellectualCapital MajorR&DPipeline
IntellectualCapital IntellectualPropertyStrategies 
HumanCapital GlobalMarketingOrganization 
ManufacturedCapital GlobalProductionSystem 
Social and Relationship Capital Improving Access to Medicines (ATM) 
   ■Period Covered
This Integrated Report covers business performance from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017. Some sections may include information on activities as recent as fiscal 2017.
■Reporting Organizations
Eisai Co., Ltd. and domestic and overseas consolidated
subsidiaries
■Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors
Materials and information provided in this Integrated Report may contain “forward-looking statements” based on current expectations, forecasts, estimates, business goals and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from these statements. Moreover, the target values contained in this report merely express medium-term strategies, intended directions and visions and are not an official earnings forecast. For the official earnings forecast, please refer to the annual financial report (Consolidated Financial Statement) in accordance with the rules set by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Factors that could have a material impact on the future outlook include but are not limited to changes in the economic environment and competitive pressures surrounding Eisai’s business environment, revisions to laws and regulations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, uncertainties associated with new drug development and infringements of intellectual property rights by third parties. Although this report contains information on pharmaceuticals (including those under development), the content is not intended for advertising or medical advice purposes. In addition, further details about business risks stated above are described in the Annual Security Report.
This English Report was translated from original Japanese version. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements in the two versions, the statements in the Japanese version shall prevail.
■Note for Description
•Generic names for drugs are given omitting the base or hydrate.
        Business Base (Related to ESG)
 64
66
69
70
74
78
80 81
82 84
Initiatives for Sustainable Development Goal(s SDGs)  CorporateGovernanceSystem  InterviewwithOutsideDirector  BoardofDirectorsandExecutiveOfficers  Compliance&RiskManagement 
HumanCapital InitiativesforHumanRights,DevelopmentofWorking Environment and Occupational Safety and Health  
  Social and Relationship Capital Social and Relationship Capital
Social Contribution Activities  Initiatives for Pharmaceutical Product Safety and Side Effects 
Eisai’s Partnership Initiatives 
  Social and Relationship Capital
NaturalCapital BusinesswithConsiderationfortheGlobal
 Environment
 Appendix
86 FinancialCapital ConsolidatedFinancialHighlights Results for Fiscal 2016 
88 ESG Index 
90 FundamentalKnowledgeandTerminology
for Pharmaceutical Industry  
96 StatusofShares 
97 CorporateInformation
  2

 Materiality
Eisai’s corporate philosophy is to give first thought to patients and their families, and increase the benefits that health care provides them. Likewise, Eisai provides employees, who are the bearer of the patient contribution, with opportunities to develop careers and talent. Eisai’s mission is to increase the benefit for the patients, then revenue and profit are brought about consequently. We put emphasis on this order of mission and the results.
On the other hand, in order to sustain corporate value maximization to fulfil every stakeholder’s satisfaction, with the corporate philosophy’s concept of “mission and the results” in consideration, it is regarded to be efficient to focus on the long-term investor, a beneficiary of residual income, as the important stakeholder*1. Long-term interests of all stakeholders including patients and employees taken into account, it is believed that identifying the concerns which relate to the interests of long-term investor and then taking initiatives on a priority basis, is the fast track for the maximization of corporate value.
Process for Establishing Materiality and Eisai’s Materiality Matrix are shown below. Reviews and updates are undertaken as needed.
*1 Concept derived from Enlightened Value Maximization Theory (Michael C. Jensen, 2001) ■Process for Establishing Materiality
    Process 1: Identification of issues
We select issues giving consideration to various types of guidelines (e.g., sustainability accounting standards for pharmaceuticals by SASB*2, GRI Guidelines), to Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)*3, to communication with stakeholders and to socially responsible investment (SRI) indices (e.g., Dow Jones Sustainability Index).
Process 2: Prioritization of issues and creation of materiality matrix
The priority order of identified issues is considered. Priority is given to those issues with a particularly high degree of importance. A matrix is then created from the perspectives of “impact on Eisai’s business” considering the corporate philosophy and impact on finances, and of “interest to long-term investors”, which includes financial reporting, opportunities to create innovation, and the impact of legal restrictions and industry norms.
  Process 3: Reviews and updates
Reviews and updates are undertaken as needed taking into consideration the progress of initiatives toward issues and changes in the business environment.
    *2 SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) is a U.S.-based non-profit organization that identifies materiality for reasonable investors by industry and develops sustainability disclosure standards.
*3 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a set of international goals under the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development adopted at the United Nations Sustainable Development Summit in September 2015. For details, please refer to page 64.
■Eisai’s Materiality Matrix
Figures in parentheses indicate the corresponding pages of this report.
   ■Initiatives for improving access to medicines (P.60-63)
■Offering solutions that go beyond providing pharmaceuticals (P.40-41) ■Provision of opportunities to develop
careers and talent for employees (P.20-23)
 ■Creating innovative products (P.32-39,42-54,62)
■Initiatives for pharmaceutical product safety and side effects (P.81)
■Ethical and transparent drug creation activities (P.51)
■Appropriate pricing (P.56) ■Compliance and risk management
(P.74-77)
■Corporate governance (P.66-69) ■Financial strategies (P.26-31) ■Intellectual property strategies (P.55)
   ■Reduction of CO2 emissions (Formation of a low-carbon society) (P.84)
■Waste reduction (Establishment of a recycling-oriented society) (P.85)
■Efficient use of water resources (P.85)
 ■Prevention of bribery and corruption (P.75)
■Information disclosure*4 ■Employee health and safety
management (P.78-79) ■Promoting diversity (P.20-23)
 ■Promotion based on compliance (P.75)
■Quality assurance and stable supply (P.58-59)
 ■Initiatives against counterfeit drugs (P.81)
         High Impact on Eisai’s business Very High *4 Please refer to Article 11 of Eisai's Corporate Governance Guideline ▶ http://www.eisai.com/company/cgguideline.html
3
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
High Interests to long-term investors Very High

 The driving force of Eisai
“human health care (hhc)”
 • Established the corporate philosophy in 1992, which is understood and internalized as our core value by each employee within the Group, both in Japan and overseas
• Encourages all employees to use 1% of their total business hours to interact with patients
• Incorporated the corporate philosophy into the Company’s Articles of Incorporation in June 2005
• Carry out more than 300 hhc activities globally every year
Based on a clear understanding that patients as well as their families and customers are the key players in health care, Eisai seeks to have a sense of pride in providing benefits to such stakeholders. This Corporate Philosophy is summarized by the term “human health care (hhc).” We believe that in order to truly consider the perspectives of patients and their families, it is important for each employee to first get close to patients and see the situation from their perspectives in order to learn to empathize with thoughts and feelings that might not necessarily always be expressed in words. Accordingly, we recommend that all of its employees spend 1% of their business hours with patients.
To commemorate our values and goals, we incorporated the Corporate Philosophy into the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, upon receiving approval at the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting in June 2005.
 Corporate Philosophy
We give first thought to patients and their families, and increase the benefits that health care provides them
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Article 2. (1) The Company’s Corporate Philosophy is to give first thought to patients and their families, and increase the benefits that health care provides them. Under this Philosophy, the Company endeavors to become a human health care (hhc) company.
(2) The Company’s mission is the enhancement of patient satisfaction. The Company believes that revenues and earnings will be generated by fulfilling this mission. The Company places importance on this sequence of placing the mission before the ensuing results.
(3) The Company strives to fulfill its social responsibilities by positioning compliance (i.e., the observance of legal and ethical standards) as the basis of all business activities.
(4) The Company’s principal stakeholders are patients, customers, shareholders and employees. The Company endeavors to develop and maintain a good relationship with stakeholders and to enhance the value of their stake through:
1. Satisfying unmet medical needs, ensuring a stable supply of high-quality products, and providing useful information on subjects including
drug safety and efficacy;
2. Timely disclosure of corporate management information, enhancement of corporate value, and a positive return to shareholders; and
3. Ensuring stable employment, offering challenging and fulfilling duties, and providing full opportunities for the development of employees’
capabilities.
4
 
 Living the hhc Philosophy in everyday work
Eisai plans and promotes various activities in order to have each employee recognize Eisai’s corporate philosophy as a
shared value and to express that philosophy in each employee’s daily work duties.
Providing Opportunities to Share Experiences with Patients
Eisai provides employees with a variety of opportunities to spend time with patients with diseases such as dementia, cancer and epilepsy, as part of its business operations.
One such opportunity is through the Field Experience Training Program, where employees visit hospitals and nursing care facilities to gain first-hand knowledge about medical and nursing care practices. For new employees, we host workshops in collaboration with an advocacy group to discuss ideas for solving various issues that patients and persons with disabilities face in society.
Sharing Knowledge through the hhc Initiative
Eisai promotes specific action plans called hhc activities that aim to realize
hhc at an organizational level or on a project basis. Every year, Eisai holds
the annual hhc Initiative to acknowledge outstanding activities that have
made significant contributions to patients from among the more than 300
hhc activities carried out globally. Award winners and top management
from Eisai Group companies around the world gather together at this event
to present their best practices. By sharing collective knowledge, we strive to further contribute to patients. *For further details, please refer to page 25.
Business model based on hhc
    CSR
Corporate Social Responsibility
Value: Doing good
Citizenship, philanthropy, sustainability
Discretionary or in response to external pressure
Separate from profit maximization
Agenda is determined by external reporting and personal preferences
Impact is limited by corporate footprint and CSR budget
Example: Fair trade purchasing
CSV
Creating Shared Value
Value: Economic and societal benefits relative to cost
Joint company and community value creation
Integral to competing
Integral to profit maximization
Agenda is company specific and internally generated
Realigns the entire corporate budget
Example: Transforming procurement to increase quality and yields
               hhc
human health care
Value: The common good
Companies together create value in tune with community needs
No fixation on competition
Profits are gained as the result of common good strived for
Agenda is shared by each company
Included in the company’s regular operating budget
Example: Inputting customer needs in the value chain
       *Compiled by Deloitte Tohmatsu Consulting based on Michael E. Porter, “Creating Shared Value”, Harvard Business Review, and other resources and revised by Eisai. Supervised by Ikujiro Nonaka, Professor Emeritus of Hitotsubashi University.
Eisai’s hhc is different from corporate social responsibility (CSR), which mainly involves social contribution activities including acts of charity that do not directly contribute to business or corporate value. It is relatively close to Creating Shared Value (CSV), a business model that aims to pursue both social value and economic value. Eisai’s mission is to create social value by enhancing patient satisfaction, and economic value in the form of revenue and profit is generated as a result. Eisai places importance on this sequence of placing the mission before the ensuring results.
5
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

 Take on the challenge to develop next generation Alzheimer’s disease treatments leveraging
our strengths in the dementia area
   6
 
  Our strengths in the dementia area
1. Industry-leading R&D pipeline
11 projects under development
6 projects targeting the accumulation of aggressive factors
BACE inhibitor elenbecestat*1, 2, anti-beta amyloid (Aβ) protofibrils antibody BAN2401*1, 3, anti-Aβ antibody aducanumab*4, in-house anti-tau antibody, anti-tau antibody BIIB076*4 and anti-fractalkine antibody E6011
5 projects targeting the transformation of symptoms over time
Dual orexin receptor antagonist lemborexant*5, Novel mechanism of action E2730, Next generation AMPA receptor antagonist E2082, PDE9 inhibitor E2027 and EphA4 synaptic functional modulator
*1: Co-development with Biogen Inc.
*2: Generic name for E2609. The generic name is not yet fixed at this time.
*3: Licensed-in from BioArctic AB
*4: Under development by Biogen Inc. Eisai has an option to jointly develop and commercialize. *5: Co-development with Purdue Pharma L.P.
2. Our abundant experience and knowledge of drug creation and disease awareness activities in the dementia area
Drug creation activities for more than 30 years in the dementia area
Disease awareness events over 10,000 times carried out globally an estimated
3. Global collaboration
Collaborationenables to increase probability of success and to accelerate development with financial efficiency
     7
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

    Aiming to Contribute to Patients around the World
History of Eisai
In 2017, Eisai celebrated the 76th anniversary of its founding.
Since the establishment of the predecessor, Nihon Eisai Co., Ltd., Eisai has overcome numerous trials and difficulties to effectively nurture a business environment and corporate culture in which our employees make every effort to see health care from the perspective of the patients. Based on the founding philosophy of contributing to the health and well-being of the many peoples and regions of the world, Eisai will continue to take on exciting new challenges in the delivery of novel and innovative drugs.
1960s 1970s
1980s
   1941: Established Nihon Eisai Co., Ltd.
1955: Changed corporate name from Nihon Eisai Co., Ltd. to Eisai Co., Ltd.
 Founder Toyoji Naito (1889–1978)
Advertisement for Chocola A, the first Chocola brand product launched in 1951
  Advertisement for Sampoon contraceptive launched in 1948
■Evolution of Logomarks
1941 (At the time of establishment)
The logo of Nihon Eisai Co., Ltd., the predecessor of Eisai Co., Ltd.
1955 (At the time of corporate name change)
Displaying a company name in katakana instead of Chinese characters was quite rare in Japan at the time. The logo was also redesigned to include an elaborately designed red-and-blue motif.
Present
Meaning behind the colors:
The red and blue colors in the Eisai logomark represent red oxygenated blood flowing through the arteries and blue deoxygenated blood flowing through the veins. Both types of blood flow incessantly through the heart, and our task is to prevent stagnation of the blood flow by promoting good health and improving quality of life.
    8
   Establishment of Global Marketing Structure
●Late 1960s to early 1970s
Local subsidiaries established in Southeast Asia
Commenced full-fledged overseas expansion
1969: Singapore, Thailand and Taiwan 1970: Indonesia
1974: Malaysia and the Philippines
Eisai was recognized for its corporate activities aimed at overseas expansion in fiscal 1969, when it received an award for its corporate contribution to Japan’s export industry presented by the then Minister of International Trade and Industry.
 Creation of Global Brands
●1980s to early 1990s
Three-hub R&D network established
1982: Tsukuba Research Laboratories (Japan)
1989: Eisai Research Institute of Boston, Inc. (U.S.) 1992: Eisai London Research Laboratories, Ltd. (U.K.)
Tsukuba Research Laboratories Eisai Research Institute of Eisai London Research Boston Laboratories
At a time when the typical strategy for a Japanese pharmaceutical company to expand business overseas was to license out its products to the pharmaceutical companies abroad, Eisai was determined to handle all processes regarding its products on its own, from research, which serves as the fountainhead from which all other product phases flow, through to manufacturing. Driven by this determination, Eisai was one of the first in the industry to establish R&D bases in Japan, the U.S. and Europe and has strived for the creation of global brands.
●1980s
Full-fledged entry into oncology and neurology area
1983: Commenced drug discovery research on dementia at Tsukuba Research Laboratories.
1987: Launched R&D group to develop proprietary anticancer agents at Tsukuba Research Laboratories.
    Cutting-Edge Initiatives as a Global Company
●Early 1990s
Birth of the hhc philosophy
1988: Haruo Naito was appointed President of Eisai
1990: Announced the concept of “Eisai Innovation” that challenges employees
to change the way they looked at their job, their life and the world with the message “The world is changing. Let us change along with it.”(pictured on the right)
1992: Adopted the corporate philosophy of human health care (hhc)
At the time, with Eisai just beginning to expand into overseas markets, this succinct corporate hhc philosophy also served as a common, core value that was universally understood and shared by employees throughout Eisai
 
     Acceleration of Overseas Expansion with the Growth of Aricept and Pariet
●Mid 1990s to early 2010s
Establishment of pharmaceutical sales subsidiaries in major countries overseas
Commencement of Medium-Term Business Plan ‘EWAY 2025’
●From April 2016
Medium-Term Business Plan ‘EWAY 2025’
Eisai aims to leverage its positions in the neurology and oncology areas to create flagship drugs.
1995: U.S., U.K. and Germany 1996: France and China
1997: South Korea
2001: Spain
2004: India
2005: Italy, Switzerland and Sweden
2006: Australia and Portugal 2007: Belgium
2009: Austria
2010: Canada
2011: Brazil and Mexico 2013: Russia
●Late 1990s to 2000s
Growth of Aricept and Pariet
Aricept
1997: Launched in the U.S. and Europe (U.K.) 1998: Launched in Asia (Thailand)
1999: Launched in Japan
Pariet (U.S. name: AcipHex)
1997: Launched in Japan
1998: Launched in Europe (U.K.)
1999: Launched in the U.S. and Asia (Thailand)
●2010s
Toward the era of new global brands
*For further details, please refer to pages 42-43, 48-49.
Transition of consolidated revenue, and the revenue of major products* (Billions of yen)
 Others
Global brands (Halaven, Lenvima, Fycompa, BELVIQ) Pariet/AcipHex
Aricept
466.6 500.2 533.0 601.3
361.7 431.7 302.5
734.3 781.7 803.2 768.9
674.1
648.0
573.7 600.4 548.5 547.9 539.1
Launched anticancer agent Halaven in the U.S.
Launched antiepileptic agent Fycompa in Europe
Launched anti-obesity agent BELVIQ in the U.S.
Launched anticancer agent Lenvima in the U.S.,
Japan and Europe
LOE* of Aricept 2010 in the U.S. 2011 in Japan 2012 in EU
LOE* of Pariet/AcipHex 2010 in Japan
2012 in EU
2013 in the U.S.
*LOE: Loss of exclusivity Accelerated development of next generation dementia treatments
2013: Commenced BAN2401*1,2 Phase II study.
2014: Entered a collaboration agreement with Biogen Inc. for the development
and commercialization of Alzheimer’s disease treatments.
2015: Entered a collaboration agreement with Purdue Pharma L.P. for the
development and commercialization of lemborexant. 2016:Commencedelenbecestat*1,3 PhaseIIIstudies.
*1 Co-Development with Biogen Inc.
*2 Licensed in from BioArctic AB
*3 Generic name for E2609. The generic name is not yet fixed at this time.
2010: 2012: 2013: 2015:
     FY1999 FY2000 FY2001 FY2002 FY2003 FY2004 FY2005 FY2006 FY2007 FY2008 FY2009 FY2010 FY2011 FY2012 FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016
*Results up to FY2013 were calculated pursuant to J-GAAP, while results for FY2014 and beyond were calculated pursuant to IFRS.
●Late 2000s~
Strengthened foundation in oncology area
2007: Concluded an agreement to acquire Morphotek Inc. in the U.S.
2008: Completed procedures to acquire MGI Pharma Inc. in the U.S.
2010: Established H3 Biomedicine Inc. in the U.S.
●2010s
Peak Sales
Aricept ¥322.8 billion (FY2009) Pariet  ¥175.9 billion (FY2007) Total   ¥470.8billion(FY2009)
 ●Late 1990s to 2000s
Strengthening Compliance Promotion System
1999 ● Appointed a director responsible for corporate ethics
● Established Compliance Committee consisting mainly of outside attorneys
2000 ● Formulated Eisai Network Companies
(ENW) Charter of Business Conduct and
ENW Code of Conduct
● Issued the Compliance Handbook ● Set up the Compliance Counter
*For further details, please refer to pages 74-77.
Enhancement of Corporate Governance
2000 ● Introduced the corporate officer system ● Appointed outside directors
● Established the Corporate Governance Committee
2003 ● Separated the two positions of Chair of the Board of Directors and
President (Representative Corporate Officer) and CEO
2004 ● Adopted the “Company with Nomination Committees, etc.” system
● Appointed 6 (currently 7) out of 11 directors from outside directors 2005 ● An outside director assumed the Chair of Board of Directors
● Added the Corporate Philosophy of hhc to the Eisai Articles of Incorporation (with approval at the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting)
●2010s
Strengthening Measures to Improve
Access to Medicines
*For further details, please refer to pages 60-63.
Ceremony for the agreement signing with the World Health Organization (WHO) (November 2010)
 *For further details, please refer to pages 66-68.
 1990s 2000s
2010s
 9
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

 Eisai’s Value Creation Process and Flow
  Eisai seeks to increase corporate value by putting its Corporate Philosophy into practice. Accordingly, Eisai considers it a top priority to work to build relationships of trust with a wide range of stakeholders including customers, shareholders and local communities; maximize value for patients, shareholders and employees; and strive to be a socially responsible company.
Value generated through corporate activities is built up as “capital”, which is increased, decreased and converted through the business model. In this report, based on the framework*1 released by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), the process of investing capital to engage in business and create added value wherein the increase in capital exceeds the inputs is considered to be the “value creation process.”
Meanwhile, “value creation flow”, or how value is generated through business activities, is ultimately an assessment focused on the financial perspective based on the balanced scorecard’s*2 four perspectives*3, 4. This is also consistent with the thinking (sequence of goals and outcomes) that is based on Eisai’s Corporate Philosophy of creating social value by enhancing patient satisfaction, our sole objective, and thereby generating economic value in the form of sales and profit.
This report expresses Eisai’s continuous value generation as a value creation process and flow model based on a new model that incorporates the IIRC framework and balanced scorecard.
Eisai’s Value Creation Process and Strategy Map
Six Capitals based on the IIRC framework
Financial Capital
Pool of funds for use in corporate activities
Manufactured Capital
Facilities for the manufacture of products and provision of services
Intellectual Capital
Knowledge-based intangible assets such as pipelines and intellectual property
Human Capital
Capabilities and experiences of Eisai’s human assets as well as motivation for innovation
Social and Relationship Capital
Building relationships of trust with society and stakeholders for the common good
Natural Capital
Environmental resources and processes associated with corporate activities
Four Perspectives on the basis of the balanced scorecard
Eisai’s Strategy Map
                   10
   The Financial Perspective
How should the organization respond to shareholders in order to succeed financially?
Expanding long-term shareholder value (P.3, 26-31)
Increasing revenue (P.86-87)
    The Customer Perspective
What should be done to achieve patient satisfaction?
Cultivating new customers
Enhancing customer satisfaction
   The Internal Business Process Perspective
How should the business model excel or be transformed?
Creating innovative products (P.32-39, 42-54, 62)
Providing solutions beyond the provision of pharmaceutical products (P.40-41)
    The Learning &
Growth Perspective
How can employees’ and the organization’s capacity be improved and maintained in order to realize the Corporate Philosophy?
Development of global leaders and support to take active roles as professionals (P.20-23)
Penetrating the concept of human health care (hhc) (P.4-5, 24-25)
           
   Increasing profit (P.86-87)
    Expanding customer base
  Improving social value
      Improving access to medicines (P.60-63)
Strengthening initiatives for pharmaceutical product safety and side effects (P.81)
Strengthening compliance and risk management (P.74-77)
Strengthening corporate governance (P.66-69)
     Encouraging ethics and transparency
   Chain of targets and results based on the hhc Corporate Philosophy Targets
Customer satisfaction Create and keep customers
Business activities Results
Sales, profit, etc.
Source: Created on the basis of the theories of Mitsuaki Shimaguchi
Figures in parentheses indicate the corresponding pages of this report.
*1 IIRC, “The International IR Framework”, International Integrated Reporting Council, 2013
*2 Kaplan, Robert S. and Norton, David P., “Using The Balanced Scorecard as a Strategic Management System”, Boston, MA : Harvard Business Review, January-February, 1996
*3 Jensen, Michael C., “Value Maximization, Stakeholder Theory, and The Corporate Objective Function”. Business Ethics Quarterly 12(2), 2002
*4 Porter, Michael E. and Kramer, Mark R., “Creating Shared Value”, Harvard Business Review, June 2011, page 8-31
               Financial Capital
Manufactured Capital
Intellectual Capital
Human Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
Natural Capital
                 * Source: Created by Eisai based on Kazunori Ito and Toshiaki Nishihara, “Disclosure and Usability of Information on Integrated Report of Eisai”, The KAIKEIGAKU KENKYU (The Annual bulletin of accounting study) No.43, 2017 and advice by Professor Kazunori Ito
11
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

 Major Products
Product lineup mainly consisting of two major focus areas (Neurology and Oncology)
Prescription drug business Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥511.1 billion (Composition of consolidated revenue 94.8%) Neurology Area Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥161.9 billion (Composition of consolidated revenue 30.0%)
    Aricept (generic name: donepezil)
 Treatment for Alzheimer’s disease/dementia with Lewy bodies
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥49.2 billion
   Methycobal (generic name: mecobalamin)
 Peripheral neuropathy treatment
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥40.0 billion
   A dementia treatment discovered and developed in- house by Eisai that is believed to slow the overall progression
of symptoms
associated with Alzheimer’s disease by inhibiting acetylcholinesterase enzyme which breaks down the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. Currently approved in more than 100 countries worldwide. The agent received additional approval for a new indication for the treatment of dementia with Lewy bodies in Japan and the Philippines.
An AMPA receptor antagonist discovered and developed in-
house by Eisai, Fycompa has
been approved in Japan, the
U.S., Europe and Asia for the
adjunctive treatment for both partial-onset seizures and
primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures. *For further details, please refer to page 42.
A new chemical entity discovered and
developed by Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
that is believed to encourage decreased
food consumption and promote satiety by
selectively activating serotonin 2C receptors
in the brain. BELVIQ was the first prescription
treatment for obesity approved by the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration in 13 years and
was launched in June 2013. Additionally, the
once-daily formulation was launched in the U.S. in October 2016. *For further details, please refer to page 43.
A mecobalamin (Vitamin B12 coenzyme) product originally discovered and developed by Eisai. Restores damaged peripheral nerves and is widely used for the treatment of peripheral neuropathy in Japan and other Asian countries.
    Fycompa (generic name: perampanel)
 Antiepileptic agent
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥10.3 billion
   Lyrica (generic name: pregabalin)
 Pain treatment
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 (Co-promotion income) ¥24.3 billion
   A pain treatment
originally developed by
Pfizer Inc. of the U.S.
Currently approved
in more than 130
countries worldwide.
Co-promoted in
Japan by Pfizer Japan Inc. and Eisai Co., Ltd., with both companies working to provide information on its proper use.
A non-benzodiazepine type GABAA receptor agonist that was originally developed by Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Eisai has pursued
the development of
the product since acquiring the exclusive rights from Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. to develop and market the agent in Japan. The product was launched in Japan in April 2012.
     BELVIQ (generic name: lorcaserin)
 Treatment for chronic weight management
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥3.7 billion
    Lunesta (generic name: eszopiclone)
 Insomnia treatment
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥8.0 billion
   12

Oncology Area
Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥118.3 billion (Composition of consolidated revenue 21.9%)
An anticancer agent discovered and developed in-house by Eisai. A synthetic analog of halichondrin B derived from the marine sponge Halichondria okadai. Shows an
antitumor effect by arresting the
cell cycle through inhibition of the growth of microtubules. Approved in more than 60 countries for
the treatment of breast cancer. Additionally approved in 2016 for use in the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma in Japan, the U.S. and Europe.
*For further details, please refer to page 49.
A selective tyrosine kinase
inhibitor (TKI) with a novel
binding mode originally
discovered and developed
in-house by Eisai. Approved
as a treatment of refractory
thyroid cancer in over 50
countries worldwide. In May 2016, Lenvima was also approved in combination with everolimus for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma in the U.S.
*For further details, please refer to page 48.
A serotonin-3 (5-HT3) receptor antagonist indicated for both prevention of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV) and postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV). This is marketed in the U.S. by Eisai, Inc.
Others
A treatment for autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. In
Japan, the agent is manufactured and marketed by AbbVie GK and marketed by Eisai. AbbVie GK and Eisai are co- promoting the agent for the indications in the areas other than gastrointestinal disease, while AbbVie GK and EA Pharma Co. Ltd., are co-promoting the agent for the indications in the gastrointestinal disease area.
Gastrointestinal Area (EA Pharma Co., Ltd.)
In April 2016, Eisai integrated its gastrointestinal disease treatment business built up over more than 60 years into the operations of Ajinomoto Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. to form a new company EA Pharma Co., Ltd. With a full value chain ranging from research and development to production and logistics
and sales and marketing, this new company has commenced operations aiming to become Japan’s largest gastrointestinal specialty pharma.
A proton-pump inhibitor
originally discovered and
developed in-house by
Eisai. Indicated for the
treatment of gastric and
duodenal ulcers, reflux
esophagitis and eradication of
Helicobacter pylori infections,
etc. Approved in more than 100
countries worldwide. In addition,
in Japan Eisai sells Rabecure
Pack 400 and Rabecure Pack 800 for primary H. pylori eradication and Rabefine Pack for secondary H. pylori eradication as triple formulation combination packs that contain Pariet tablets 10 mg for use in H. pylori eradication.
Generic Business (Elmed Eisai Co., Ltd.)
Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥28.0 billion
The generic business in Japan is carried out by Elmed Eisai Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Eisai. We are mainly developing “value-added generic drugs” that are accessibly priced and easy for patients to administer. In close cooperation with medical representatives (MRs) from Eisai, we strive to provide medical professionals with detailed product information.
Consumer Healthcare Business and others
Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥19.0 billion (Composition of consolidated revenue 3.5%)
Chocola BB Products
Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥12.4 billion
Ranging from the signature product Chocola BB Plus, a Vitamin B2 preparation for rough skin and stomatitis, a variety of products such as third-class OTC drugs, designated quasi-drugs and food with nutrient function claims are available.
     Halaven (generic name: eribulin)
Anticancer agent/microtubule dynamics inhibitor
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥37.3 billion
    Pariet (generic name: rabeprazole)
 Proton-pump inhibitor
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 (in Japan) ¥21.2 billion
      Lenvima (generic name: lenvatinib)
Anticancer agent/molecular targeted drug
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥21.5 billion
      Aloxi (generic name: palonosetron)
Antiemetic agent
 Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥48.1 billion
       Humira (generic name: adalimumab)
Fully human anti-TNF-α monoclonal antibody
  Revenue in fiscal 2016 ¥47.3 billion
   Chocola.com
▶ http://www.chocola.com/index.html (Japanese only)
  13
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
BB Plus:
Third-class OTC drug
BB Royal 2: Designated quasi-drug

     CEO Message
To Our Stakeholders
We have started the mid-term business plan ‘EWAY 2025’ in fiscal 2016, which sets out our goal in 10 years’ time as a “Medico Societal Innovator”, or in other words, “a company that changes society through creating medicines and providing solutions”. In fiscal 2016, we secured increase in revenue in all regions on a local currency basis, and achieved double digit growth in consolidated operating profit. Additionally, product development has been progressing in two therapeutic areas of focus, neurology and oncology.
In neurology area, we initiated Phase III studies of BACE inhibitor elenbecestat*1,2 in patients with early Alzheimer’s disease in Japan, the U.S. and Europe. Likewise, the development of anti-Aβ (beta amyloid) protofibrils antibody BAN2401*1,3 is steadily ongoing. The enrollment for large-scale Phase II study in patients with early AD patients has been accomplished.
In oncology area, the development of anticancer
agent Lenvima for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma has completed successfully. In the global Phase III study as a first-line treatment for patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma, Lenvima met the statistical criteria for non-inferiority in the primary endpoint of Overall Survival (OS) compared to a comparator drug. Additionally, Lenvima showed highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in the secondary endpoints of Progression Free Survival (PFS), Time To Progression (TTP), and Objective Response Rate (ORR), doubling median values and ratios. We have submitted applications for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma in Japan in June 2017, and in the U.S. and Europe in July. We are also planning to submit in China in the second half of fiscal 2017.
*1 Co-development with Biogen Inc.
*2 Generic name of E2609. The generic name is not yet fixed at this time. *3 Licensed-in from BioArctic AB
 14

   Increase corporate value through enhancing non-financial capital
  In recent years, as an important theme for improving corporate value, a lot of attention has been paid to initiatives for enhancing non-financial capital centered on ESG (Environment, Social, Governance). ESG Investment has been expanding globally, based on the evaluation of ESG initiatives in each company.
We have been enhancing ESG initiatives while developing our business based on the hhc philosophy.
In the Environment category, we have been making efforts to reduce impact on the global environment for many years, and as a result, we were awarded an A- rating on the CDP*4 Climate Change Report 2016, the highest evaluation in the Japanese healthcare sector.
*4 CDP: Formerly known as Carbon Disclosure Project, a non-profit organization based in London, run in collaboration with institutional investors. Requests information relating to climate change, water, and forests from companies with top ranking market capitalization in principal countries and discloses the information to the government and investors.
For Society, the representative examples include our initiatives for improving access to medicine, such as the provision of DEC (diethylcarbamazine) tablets, a treatment for lymphatic filariasis, one of the neglected tropical diseases (NTDs*5), at price zero. Our activities to create communities where patients with dementia can live safely, in collaboration with medical and care professionals, local governments, municipalities, and citizens. In the Access to Medicine Index, Eisai was ranked first among Japanese pharmaceutical companies and eleventh among global pharmaceutical companies consecutively in 2014 and 2016.
*5 NTDs (Neglected tropical diseases) include 20 diseases that WHO (World Health Organization) identifies as tropical diseases that the human race must overcome. Prominent among them are lymphatic filariasis, Chagas’ disease, mycetoma and dengue fever.
For Governance, we adopted a Company with Committees System in June 2004 to clearly divide functions between supervision of management and execution of business, as well as ensuring fairness and transparency in management. At Eisai, seven out of eleven directors are outside directors with high degree of independence. The chairman of the board, as well as the chairs of the nomination, audit and compensation committees are all outside directors. CEO is the only member from management side. There are always active discussions concerning business supervision from various perspectives with outside directors in the board meeting. In the Jefferies Securities’ Fiscal 2016 Governance Review Report, Eisai was awarded first place among the TOPIX500 companies.
Additionally, Eisai has been selected as a member of the FTSE4Good Index Series for the 16th consecutive year since 2002, as well as a membership in the Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index for the 5th consecutive year since 2013. In July 2017, Eisai was also selected for a membership in MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index and FTSE Blossom Japan Index, which were adopted as ESG indices by GPIF (Government Pension Investment Fund).
Through our initiatives to enhance non-financial capital with a focus on ESG, we continue to make efforts to increase our corporate value.
Initiatives to eliminate the “gaps” that exist worldwide
  Our mid-term business plan ‘EWAY 2025’ sets out a goal for Eisai to be a “Medico Societal Innovator”, or in other words, “a company that changes society through creating medicines and providing solutions”. In order to realize this corporate aspiration, we believe that we need to work on eliminating the various medical or care gaps that exist throughout the world.
In an ideal world, everyone would have access to the treatment/care they need, but things are different in reality. As a result of differences in region, income, or the lack of medical systems, there are huge discrepancies in the level of treatment or care available. These regional gaps, income gaps, and institutional gaps exist globally and stand in the way of everyone receiving equal access to high quality medicine or care.
We will enhance our initiatives to eliminate these
gaps. We have five core approaches: Innovation, Access Strategies, Partnerships, Flexible Pricing Policies, and Solutions, and we intend to further expand each of these approaches.
We believe that the initiatives to eliminate the gaps lead to not only enhancing non-financial capital but also achieving the United Nation’s 17 Sustainability Development Goals (SDGs) and are in line with the aspiration of “changing society through making medicines and providing solutions”.
1) Creation of Innovative Medicines
Regardless of differences in region or income, medicines have a universal value to all patients. The creation of innovative medicines that fulfill the needs of patients is the most important mission of a
15
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

           pharmaceutical company. Particularly, Eisai’s priority is to create new medicines to fulfill high unmet needs in the dementia area.
Despite the estimates that dementia patients are increasing globally, no new dementia drug has been approved by the U.S. FDA since 2003. However, we are convinced that we are capable of succeeding in this challenge, as we have industry-leading pipeline and possesses vast experience and knowledge in drug creation activities in dementia area. We will strive to deliver new treatments to patients and their families as early as possible.
Eisai is the only company that conducts R&D activities for dementia based on three new paradigms. We are aiming to create new medicines by taking advantage of know-how accumulated over years and the human biology approach. Elenbecestat and BAN2401, two treatments which target the aggressive factor beta amyloid (Aβ), are in late stage clinical development. We are also developing new medicines focusing on the transformation of symptoms over time, namely, sleep disorders, then behavioral disorders and finally cognitive disorders. Dual orexin receptor antagonist lemborexant*, which targets sleep disorders (ISWRD: Irregular Sleep-Wake Rhythm Disorder), is also in the stage of clinical development. Moreover, we are looking into the possibility of new medicines that target the brain’s maintenance system, which plays an important role in preserving brain homeostasis. In collaboration with Keio University, which possesses world-class iPS cell technology and basic/clinical medical science, we are aiming to create next generation dementia treatments through new approaches based on genetic background, environmental factors and protective mechanisms. Additionally, with our rich pipeline, we have potential opportunities for combination therapies, and we are aiming to realize preemptive medicine.
* Co-development with Purdue Pharma L.P.
■Three pillars in new paradigm in dementia area
■ Guinness World Record awarded to pharmaceutical companies for donations of medicine
On January 30, the anniversary day of the London Declaration, 10 donor companies including Eisai set a Guinness world record for “Most medication donated in 24 hours” – a total of 270 million tablets.
2) Access Strategies
The mission of a pharmaceutical company is not solely to create innovative new medicines. To overcome regional, income and institutional gaps, our products must reach all the people in need. Therefore, securing access is also important.
NTDs, such as lymphatic filariasis (LF), are a serious medical and social issue, and most of those patients are in developing and emerging countries. Moreover, due to poverty and lack of infrastructure, many of these people cannot receive the treatments that are necessary. In order to eliminate LF, Eisai began manufacturing an LF treatment, DEC tablets, at our Vizag Plant in India and providing them to the World Health Organization (WHO) at price zero (free of charge). Supply commenced in October 2013, and we had delivered approximately 1.1 billion tablets to 27 countries by the end of June 2017. On April 18, 2017, an event marking the fifth anniversary of the London Declaration, the largest international public- private partnership in the field of global health, took place in Geneva, Switzerland. At this event, Eisai announced its commitment to continue providing DEC tablets beyond 2020 to all the LF-endemic countries. Additionally, at a CEO Global Health Roundtable held on the same day, Eisai participated as co-chairperson alongside Mr. Bill Gates from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and together with CEOs from major pharmaceutical companies, we discussed the results of past activities for elimination of NTDs and potential future projects. Elimination of NTDs is a long-term investment with the aim of expanding the productive population and middle income group in developing and emerging countries, and we will continue to proactively engage in this initiative.
On the other hand, access to medicine has also become a serious issue in developed countries, and we are pursuing various strategies to overcome these problems. A representative example is our initiative for geriatric health services facilities in Japan. It has
  Progress of aggressive factors accumulation
Aβ
Brain maintenance system
Transformation of symptoms over time
Sleep
disorder
Tau
Genetic background
Environmental factor
Behavioral
disorder
Reactive Glial Cells
Protective mechanism
Cognitive
disorder
                                  16

   been pointed out that medical treatment is decreased at these facilities, as payment for medicines and injections are limited under Long-Term Care Insurance in Japan. This means that for dementia patients in particular, there is often a blank period in their treatments. In order to eliminate this institutional gap, we have entered into a direct agreement with the organizations in which the facilities are joining, to provide Aricept, a treatment for Alzheimer’s disease and dementia with Lewy body, along with information about the disease to the facilities since fiscal 2016. This business scheme was first introduced in Tokyo, and then sequentially expanded into other regions.
3) Partnerships
We regard partnerships as a highly effective way to improve efficiency and productivity in business.
With the goals of improving the speed and success rate for development of new medicines or realizing cost efficiency in development and commercialization, we have concluded partnership agreements with numerous companies and academia in neurology and oncology areas.
As for R&D activities for the treatment of NTDs, we have partnered with several international research organizations to acquire specific research technologies, experiences to run clinical studies and networking with clinical facilities in endemic regions. For a specific example, we are currently running a PhaseIIstudy of our in-house antifungal agent fosravuconazole (E1224) for the treatment of Chagas disease and mycetoma in collaboration with an NPO, the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi ).
Eliminating the gaps that exist worldwide is not a goal that we can accomplish on our own. In partnership with companies, international research organizations, or non-profit organizations, we will accelerate those initiatives.
4) Flexible Pricing Policies
In developing and emerging countries, there are a vast number of patients who cannot obtain the medicines that they need due to low incomes. In order to improve access to medicine to those people, it is essential to pursue affordable pricing policies. In India and Indonesia, Eisai has set prices for medicines such as Aricept to match the living standards in those countries. Additionally, in several countries including the Philippines, India, and Thailand, we have introduced tiered pricing, a scheme where the price for a medicine varies based on the patients’ income and health insurance systems. We provided many patients with anticancer agent Halaven under this scheme.
In order to eliminate the income gap, we will further pursue pricing policies.
5) Provision of Solutions
Difficulties or issues faced by patients and their families cannot be solved through medicine alone. Eisai’s hhc Solutions Business aims to create the foundations of a society that coexists with dementia, by identifying clinical questions based on the true needs of patients with dementia and their families, and providing solutions through verification of real world data. Additionally, we are also providing tools to be used in those solutions, such as the interprofessional collaboration service “Hikari One Team SP”, medication administration support device “e-OKUSURI-SAN”, smell identification test “UPSIT Series” and tracking tool to support elderly people going out “Me-MAMORIO”.
These solutions have the potential to eliminate various gaps. In one actual case, a dementia patient was living alone on a remote island, and it was necessary for her family to spend some time to carefully monitor her medicine administration. However, thanks to the introduction of e-OKUSURI-SAN, she was able to take the correct amount of medication on time each day, and this lessened the burden on her family. This is an example of eliminating a regional gap, and we will create such cases more through providing solutions.
Medication administration support device “e-OKUSURI-SAN”
We would like to undertake our stakeholder’s mandate by increasing corporate value continuously under the concept of human health care (hhc) and compliance. We ask all our stakeholders for their continued support.
September 2017
Haruo Naito Representative Corporate Officer and CEO
  17
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

 Medium-Term Business Plan ‘EWAY 2025’
 hhc and “Ricchi” : The core concepts of ‘EWAY 2025’ started in April 2016
Eisai started ‘EWAY 2025’, the medium-term business plan up to fiscal year 2025, in April 2016. For a pharmaceutical company which has conducted development of medicines over the course of many years, a decade is certainly not a long period of time. Eisai will endeavor to make steady contributions to patients with looking ahead the goal which must be reached 10 years later.
‘EWAY 2025’ aims to achieve the following three strategic intents:
   1. Aim to support patients’ thought: “I do not want to get sick. I want to know if I get sick, and I want to be cured.”
2. Aim to support patients’ thought: “I want to control my disease in my neighborhood and safely spend the rest of my life with peace of mind.”
3. Focus on a business domain where Eisai can find out “Ricchi” based on hhc needs and fulfill them with Eisai innovation
The foundation of these strategic intents is the hhc (human health care), the corporate philosophy, which reflects the desire to contribute to patients. The hhc philosophy was enacted in 1992, and is now acknowledged as a common value among all employees, both in Japan and overseas. Spending time with patients and understanding their true needs motivates employees, and this becomes the source of Eisai’s innovation. All employees are recommended to spend 1% of their business hours with patients. Additionally, since the inauguration of ‘EWAY 2025’, patient socialization programs have been included into internal training programs, which has motivated employees to contribute to patients.
In ‘EWAY 2025’, Eisai has selected two therapeutic areas of focus to fulfill patient’s unmet needs: neurology and oncology. In these two areas, we believe that it is important to find out “Ricchi”, areas where real patient needs are still unmet, and where Eisai can become a frontrunner. Establishing a center line at “Ricchi” through innovation is a core concept of ‘EWAY 2025’.
Eisai has identified 6 “Ricchi” in neurology area and 2 “Ricchi” in oncology area, and will focus efforts on producing innovation for each.
■Main Concept of Plan ‘E-WAY 2025’
hhc Socialization
Spending time together and sharing experiences with patients
hhc True Needs
Understanding real needs of the patients
Motivation for Innovation
Fulfilling hhc needs with our innovation Finding Out “Ricchi”
■What is “Ricchi”
     Establishment of Center Line at “Ricchi” by Innovation
 Areas where real patient needs are still unmet, and where Eisai can become a frontrunner
  “Ricchi” in Neurology area
1. Early and minimally-invasive diagnostics 2. Novel neuro-transmission pathways
3. Proteinopathy
4. Neuro-inflammation and immuno-genetics 5. Synapse micro-environment
6. Neuronal regeneration
 “Ricchi” in Oncology area
1. Cancer microenvironment
• Mesenchymal cells and tumor stromal cells • Endothelial cells
• Myeloid cells
2. Driver gene mutation and aberrant splicing in cancer cells
18
   
   Accelerate Development of Flagship Pipeline in Neurology and Oncology Areas under Business Group Structure
■Structure of Business Group
  Eisai has established business groups, end-to-end
organizations that integrate functions from research and
development to commercial, in the two major areas of
neurology and oncology, upon the initiation of ‘EWAY 2025’.
One of the objectives of the establishment of business
groups is to enhance productivity in business through Early
Decision Making. Another is to develop Scientific Acumen,
an important organizational culture, through integrated business structure which includes discovery research. Development of flagship drugs based on “Ricchi” in neurology and oncology areas is accelerating since the organizational shift to business group structure has been made.
       Flagship Drugs in Neurology Area
■ “Ricchi”: Proteinopathy
*1 Co-development with Biogen Inc.
*2 Generic name of E2609. The generic name is not yet fixed at this time.
*3 Licensed-in from BioArctic AB
*4 Under development by Biogen Inc. Eisai has an option to jointly develop and commercialize.
■ “Ricchi”: Novel Neuro-Transmission Pathways
*5 Co-development with Purdue Pharma L.P.
■ “Ricchi”: Neuro-Inflammation and Immuno-Genetics
  Elenbecestat*1,2 : BACE (Beta secretase cleaving enzyme) inhibitor ・Phase III studies are ongoing in patients with early Alzheimer’s disease
(AD) in Japan, the U.S. and Europe
・Simultaneously implementing two Phase III studies with the same
study design
BAN2401*1,3 : Anti-Aβ (beta amyloid) protofibrils antibody ・Large-scale PhaseIIstudy is ongoing in 856 patients with early AD
Aducanumab*4 : Anti-Aβ antibody
・Phase III studies are ongoing in patients with early AD
Lemborexant*5 : Dual Orexin receptor antagonist
・PhaseIIstudy is ongoing in patients with irregular sleep-wake rhythm
disorder associated with Alzheimer's disease dementia
・Phase III studies are ongoing in patients with insomnia disorder
E2027: PDE9 inhibitor
・PhaseIIstudy is under preparation for the potential indication of dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) as initial indication
E2082: Next generation AMPA receptor antagonist
・Plan to submit Investigational New Drug (IND) in fiscal 2017 to seek potential in various neurological disorders
 E6011: Anti-fractalkine antibody
・PhaseIIstudy is ongoing in patients with rheumatoid arthritis ・PhaseI/II study is ongoing in patients with Crohn’s disease
 Flagship Drugs in Oncology Area
■ “Ricchi”: Cancer Microenvironment
 Mesenchymal Cells and Tumor Stromal Cells (Cell Differentiation and Cancer Stemness) Endothelial Cells (Abnormal tumor blood vessels)
Myeloid Cells (Immunosuppressive Myeloid Lineage)
  Halaven: Microtubule dynamics inhibitor
・Approved for the indication of breast cancer*6 in over 60 countries. Approved for the indication of soft tissue sarcoma*7 in over 40 countries.
・PhaseI/II study*8 is ongoing for the combination therapy with anti-PD-1 therapy, pembrolizumab, in patients with metastatic triple negative breast cancer
MORAb-202: Antibody-drug conjugate (ADC)
・Plan to initiate Phase I study targeting cancer types with folate receptor alpha (FRA) expression in fiscal 2017
 E7046: EP4 antagonist
・PhaseI study is ongoing for combination therapy with pre-operative radiotherapy in colorectal cancer
■ “Ricchi”: Driver Gene Mutation and Aberrant Splicing in Cancer Cells
*6 Indications vary in each country or territory. Unresectable or recurrent breast cancer in Japan, third- line+ therapy for locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer in the U.S., and second-line+ therapy for locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer in EU
*7 Approved indication in the U.S. and EU: advanced liposarcoma. Approved indication in Japan: soft tissue sarcoma
*8 Co-development with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA
Lenvima: VEGFR/FGFR/RET kinase inhibitor
・Approved for the indication of thyroid cancer in over 50 countries. Approved for the indication of renal cell carcinoma (second-line, combination therapy with everolimus) in over 35 countries.
・Submitted for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma in Japan in June 2017, and in the U.S. and Europe in July 2017. Submission in China is planned in the second half of fiscal 2017.
・Phase III studies are ongoing for 2 combination therapies: lenvatinib/everolimus and lenvatinib/pembrolizumab in patients with renal cell carcinoma (first-line)
・PhaseI/II*8 study is ongoing for the combination therapy with pembrolizumab in patients with renal cell carcinoma, endometrial cancer, melanoma, head and neck cancer, urothelial cancer or non- small cell lung cancer
 HSB-6527: FGFR4 inhibitor
・PhaseI study is ongoing in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma
H3B-8800: Splicing modulator
・PhaseI study is ongoing in patients with hematological malignancies
 19
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Clinical
President
 Discovery/ Development
Commercial
Strategy/ Planning

 CTO Message
Eisai’s Strategy for the Development of Human Resources
Yasushi Okada
Representative Corporate Officer, Chief Talent Officer (CTO)
   The basis of the development of human resources is to understand the true needs of patients through “socialization.”
 Eisai regards its employees as an important stakeholder and asset for the realization of its corporate philosophy, namely hhc.
From my perspective, the basis of the development of human resources lies in socialization. In other words, it involves each employee to spend time with patients to understand their true needs. Socialization also motivates our employees to deliver innovations that will fulfill patients’ needs. Medium-term business plan, ‘EWAY 2025’ launched in April 2016, is constituted based on this
basis and incorporates the “socialization with patients” into training programs throughout the regions in an effort to strengthen the development of our human resources.
The Global Talent Management Policy was formulated along with the launch of ‘EWAY 2025’. This defines the aspiration of Eisai employees, trainings, promotion and recruitment and our workplace climate based on the philosophy of hhc. Socialization is also set as the basis of the development of human resources in the Policy.
 Eisai Global Talent Management Policy
■Eisai’s employee understands patients’ true needs through socialization, gains strong driving force for innovation; s/he then thinks where/how to convert the knowledge into innovation to fulfill the needs not only in science but also in wider scope and make it happen
■Eisai endeavors to provide meaningful work for innovation and development opportunities
■Foster corporate culture without discrimination or harassment, which embraces diversity & inclusion, and encourage challenge
and “trial and error” for success
■Attract and acquire great talent who feel for hhc to maximize the satisfaction of patients
■Find and develop talent who can observe the current real world (trend, publication in academic conference, etc.) and interpret
(ability to decode time and opportunities) new business opportunities (“Ricchi”*) without adhering to the status quo
*Areas where real patient needs are still unmet, and where Eisai can become a frontrunner
Efforts to Develop Human Resources to Lead Our Business on a Global Scale
 Globalization at Eisai is rapidly expanding. In fact, more than half of the 10,000-plus employees at Eisai, work overseas. Local employees are assigned to top management positions at most of its overseas subsidiaries. Seven of our 27 corporate officers are from outside Japan. The Executive Committee Meeting, the highest decision-making body at Eisai, is conducted in English for over a decade now.
In order to further expand contribution to patients around the world, the development of leaders who run the business on a global scale beyond national borders is imperative. Eisai regards management candidates who to lead Eisai in the future as “global leaders”. Our young employees in their early stage of career, who demonstrate the ability to decode time and opportunities are regarded as “next-generation talent”. Our human resources are systematically developed through various assignments and training programs.
Eisai Global Opportunity for Leadership Development (E-GOLD) and Eisai Agile Change for Excellence (E-ACE) are important training programs led by the CEO and CTO, respectively. The former is designed for global leaders while the latter is for next-generation talent. Nine out of
the 111 E-GOLD graduates are now playing active roles in management as corporate officers.
As for the overseas transfers and long-term business trips, we have global systems which actively offer opportunities for employees to go beyond national borders and pursue their careers or develop their skills (global mobility). In the last four years, more than 60 employees have participated in this program. In addition, we have programs to offer opportunity for employees to study abroad to acquire an MBA or study at law school. Nearly 120 employees have studied abroad under this system.
Program for Supporting
the Development
of Global Human Resources
 E-GOLD
E-ACE
Top Management
Global Leaders
(Management candidates who lead the future of Eisai)
Middle Managers
Next-generation Talent
(Young employees in the early stage of their career
who demonstrate the ability to decode time and opportunities)
 20
   
     Company Introduction
Diversity Is Imperative for Fulfilling Patients’ Needs
I believe that diversity is a source of innovation. It is imperative that the human resources at Eisai grow into a group of diverse talents that utilizes their diverse values in their business activities.
For instance, the anticancer agent Halaven is a treatment of metastatic breast cancer which primarily affects women. Therefore, values from the women’s point of view are very significant in fulfilling the true needs of the patients. It is obvious, that concerted efforts by people
with different values would facilitate better understanding of patients’ feeling and the health care environment they are in.
Since 2012, Eisai has advocated the Eisai Diversity Declaration and endeavors to develop an organizational climate for utilizing diverse values.
Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
   Efforts toward the Advancement of Women in the Workplace
  Our U.S. and Chinese subsidiaries assign women to top management positions. Women also account for more than 45% of management positions in our U.S., European and Chinese subsidiaries. This shows that many of our female employees have pursued successful careers at our overseas subsidiaries.
In the past in Japan, we did not have many female employees promoted to managerial positions. In recent years, our male and female employees are promoted to comprehensive positions with a prospect for promotion in almost equal proportions. Year after year, we have more female employees who are potential candidates for managerial positions. By implementing a selective training program for these female employees, their career perspectives are developed. In the mid-career recruitment, we proactively seek women who would work as executives or candidates for the position. Each year women account for a greater part of management positions in Japan (Eisai Co., Ltd.), reaching 5.9% as of the end of July 2017. In compliance with the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement
■Diversity Initiatives and Their Outcomes
in the Workplace, enacted on April 1,
2016, Eisai encourages female employees
to pursue their careers by setting a target
proportion of women in management positions in fiscal 2020 at 10%.
■Ratio of female employees in management positions (Eisai Co., Ltd.)
(%)
2.9
4.7 5.2
5.9
10
FY2020 Target
       3.0
3.7
4.1
4.6
  Endof Endof Endof Endof Endof Endof Endof Endof FY2011 FY2012 FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 July 2017
 Ratio of women in management positions
Women’s career pursuits
3.0%
5.9%
Average length of service (Males/Females)
Supporting work/life balance
         Efforts
■October 2012: CEO issues Eisai Diversity Declaration.
Determination that diversity leads to the improvement of patients’ benefits was shared on a company-wide
basis.
The Diversity Committee has considered numerous different actions and the Human Resources Development Headquarters is currently in charge of promoting diversity and inclusion.
 ・Stratified career training designed for female employees has been provided since 2014.
・Mentoring system has been introduced. ・“Adaptation to diversity” has been included in the
performance appraisal criteria.
・Diversity-related training is provided to department
managers.
・Internal website introduces various cases of employees who
can serve as role models.
・Time management system was introduced for employees to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of their way of working with greater focus on “time.”
・System to allow non-managerial-level employees to choose the scope of work locations in accordance with their lifestyles and life events was introduced.
・Flextime for childcare and caregiving has been made applicable to employees working offsite.
・Shorter working hours for childcare and caregiving has been made applicable to managerial-level employees.
・Training is provided to medical representatives (MRs) who return to work after childcare leave (reinstatement training, accompanying to MRs raising a child).
       End of March 2012
End of July 2017
FY2011 result
FY2016 result
      Outcomes
Ratio of female employees
22.6%
21.1%
19.0 years
(19.7 years/16.8 years)
20.4 years
(21.4 years/16.9 years)
         Number/Ratio of women in corporate officer positions
0/0%
3/11.1%
Average length of paid leave taken
(per non-managerial-level employee)
13.9 days
12.4 days
      Number/Ratio of women in director positions
1/9%
1/9%
Average monthly overtime hours
(per non-managerial-level employee)
11 hrs. and 1 min.
8 hrs. and 34 min.
       Ratio of female employees who entered the company in the same fiscal year*
FY2011 result
30%
FY2016 result
  38%
      * Including both new graduates and mid-career employees
  21
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
“It's time to embrace Eisai Diversity”

  Our Efforts in Japan: Taking the Initiative and Developing Individuals Who Continue to Make Reforms under the New Personnel System
 In April 2016, we simultaneously launched a new personnel system in Japan, along with the launch of ‘EWAY 2025’. The new personnel system is designed to encourage employees to take the initiative and facilitate the development of individuals who continue to make reforms. In order for Eisai to continue creating innovation in a rapidly changing business environment, we are doing utmost to encourage our employees to drastically adapt their awareness and actions, and to ensure the development of strong and energetic individuals who will be highly regarded as professionals both internally and externally.
Three Pillars of the New Personnel System
1. Producing professionals
We define professionals as person that quickly adapt to
the environmental changes and are capable of “generating expected outcomes” and “solving problems.” Opportunities are proactively offered for skills development so that each employee can become professional.
Based on the idea of pay-for-performance, our employees would be rewarded corresponding to favorable outcomes generated as professionals.
2. Achieving diverse ways of working
To ensure an equal relationship between employees and employer, our employees are provided with a greater scope of choices that they can make based on their own values.
The scope of choices has also been expanded for employees with certain restrictions due to childcare needs or other personal reasons so that they can maximize their skills.
 Examples of skill development programs for producing professionals
Introduction of the professional development review
We have introduced a system for supporting our employees to set a career path and encourage reforms to become a professional in the field where they are willing to position themselves in the future (in three years). Based on self-analysis and discussions with supervisors, employees annually formulate and implement their action plans to fill the gap between what they want to be in the future and what they are now.
Strengthening career training and level-specific training
Career training is provided to employees at the age of 30, 40 and 50 as they enter a big milestone in their careers. They are encouraged to function as professionals. The “socialization with patients” program has also been introduced to level-specific trainings for new joiners or department managers, and the program has been fully renewed.
Mentoring program
In mentoring, a motivated employee (mentee) seeks advice on their work from a colleague who is not the mentee’s immediate supervisor (mentor), but provides advice and supports the mentee’s development. In fiscal 2016, 28 young employees participated in the mentoring program.
Internal internship program
The program is designed for employees to develop their career vision after experiencing work in another department for several days. In fiscal 2016, nearly 50 young employees participated in the program.
22
Examples of systems to allow for diverse work styles
Introduction of the job challenge system
We introduced an internal recruitment system which allows personnel changes for specific roles and positions. In fiscal 2016, three employees used the system and transferred to the departments where they wished to work.
Introduction of the mobility choice system
We introduced a system for employees to choose the location where they would like to work in based on their lifestyle and life events. Our employees may choose either “global” or “domestic (locations specified).” The former does not limit the place where the employee will work, whereas the latter does. Employees with life events such as childcare, caregiving or marriage may choose to work in a specific location for a limited period, or request a transfer to a specific location.
 3. Actively supporting diverse human resources
Eisai is proactively developing a climate for human resources from diverse backgrounds to pursue their careers. Moreover, our employees are provided with opportunities to expose themselves to global values.
 Examples of efforts to encourage diversity
Programs for facilitating women pursuing careers E-Win (Eisai Women’s Innovative Network)
Programs for supporting female employees to develop their careers have been conducted since 2014. The Basic Program is designed for young employees to develop their career vision, whereas the Advanced Program is designed to train leaders. 83 employees have participated over the last three years and 13 female employees have assumed managerial-level positions.
Examples of promoting globalization
Global leadership program in Japan pharmaceutical business
Eisai initiated a global leadership program in 2015 to support personal growth for employees wanting to
take active roles on the global stage in the future. The program involves acquiring business skills such as cross- cultural communication, negotiation and presentation skills, as well as training at Eisai sites overseas. In fiscal 2015 to 2016, 30 employees participated in the program. Participants are encouraged to seek self-improvement as global businesspersons in the course of daily work and actively get involve and interact with members inside and outside the company who visit Japan from abroad.

   Company Introduction
Initiatives in Japan: Facilitating Work Style Reform
In accordance with its slogan, “dynamic engagement
of all citizens”, the government of Japan is pushing forward with work style reform. Eisai is also committed
to enabling its employees to enrich their lives while enhancing productivity at work. In fiscal 2017, we chose the “improvement in long working hours”, “promotion of flexible work styles as represented by telecommuting”, “development of an environment facilitating women’s active participation” and “improvement in the working conditions of non-regular employees” from the nine
goals set forth by the government and defined them as our important goals. We are deepening discussion on
our work style reforms by exchanging opinions with our labor union. In particular, our efforts to improve long working hours have been strengthened in recent years and our employees’ overtime hours are decreasing. To continue these improvements, our actions are based on encouraging time management as we take measures such as strengthening individual monitoring for those who work long hours, encouraging our employees to take leaves and considering the introduction of a system for taking record of arriving and leaving times to work place.
We will continue doing our best to develop an environment for all employees to work actively and with satisfaction.
■Average monthly overtime hours per non-management
employee
12hrs. 11mins. 10hrs. 27mins.10hrs. 46mins.
Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
       FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
8hrs. 34mins.
FY2016
9hrs. 11mins.
  Introduction of Employee Who Used the Job Challenge System
Looking Ahead to the Future and Undertaking New Business
My previous job was a sales representative. I used the job challenge system and transferred to hhc solutions business as of October 1, 2016. Since I joined Eisai, I have been interested in community networking and have engaged in numerous related activities. After about four years, the medical association I worked with at that time, concluded a three-party agreement between the government and Eisai, for cooperation in the facilitation of coexistence between communities and dementia patients. Based on the same perspective, they began to work on solving issues in community development. I became more motivated to spread these activities to other communities, believing that they would certainly take on greater importance. Soon after that, I found the announcement for the job challenge and I decided to apply.
Working in a new organization entails many obstacles
and challenges. However, I go back to the basics and try to stay active in learning as I undertake my current job. Through this job, I have learned how to estimate what might happen years later, remain updated on efforts and issues in the different communities and act accordingly. This is how I strive to clarify problems in communities and undertake new business by focusing on providing not only products, but solutions to fulfill or solve problems.
Takuya Iihama
hhc Solution Headquarters Area Comprehensive Solution Department
 *For further details in community networking and hhc solution business, please refer to pages 40-41.
 Introduction of Employee Who Participated in the Global Leadership Program
Maximizing the Networking Skills I Developed While Training in the U.S.
When I worked as a sales representative, I applied for the global leadership program in Japan pharmaceutical business. As part of the program, I participated in a training program organized by the U.S. subsidiary. It gave me the opportunity to analyze and understand the health care system, market access, promotional strategies and other particulars in the U.S. from various aspects. I currently engage in the global marketing of oncology products at the headquarters in Tokyo.
The greatest advantage I gained from the program was the networking skills. Through the training, I learned about various functions within Eisai as well as who are informed of what. One of the roles I am responsible for is to utilize the valuable information that can only
be obtained through internal networking, into the business in Japan. I believe that sharing best practices of Japan business with overseas colleagues in return will expand my perspective for marketing and help to enhance patient contribution around the world.
 Mariko Endo
Oncology Business Group Planning Department Planning Office
 23
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

 hhc Special Feature “Socialization with Patients” Program
Each employee of Eisai seeks to realize innovations that satisfy patients’ needs through daily work by exercising ingenuity based on the theory for knowledge creation with an aim to fulfill hhc, our corporate philosophy.
There are two types of knowledge: tacit and explicit. The former is subjective and not easily expressible, while the latter is expressible. The “SECI model” is a core framework of knowledge creation which creates organizational innovation through the repetitive and mutual conversion of implicit knowledge and explicit knowledge. In this model, knowledge creation is captured in four phases. First phase is “socialization”, a process of building up tacit knowledge through directly sharing experience with others. Second phase is “externalization”, a process of expressing
tacit knowledge between individuals through dialogues into concepts or iconography. The third phase is “combination”, a process to combine explicit knowledge of an organizational level into a model, or narrative. The fourth phase is “internalization”,
a process of creating new tacit knowledge through practicing explicit knowledge. It is important to repeat these four phases
spirally.
Eisai places particular importance on socialization in
understanding the reality of patients (emotions) and recommends that its employees around the world spend 1% of their business hours with patients.
 SECI Model
Organizational Knowledge Creation Spiral
   Socialization
Environment
I Individual
  Externalization
EOI II
Group II I
  Internalization
O G
I E
 Combination
E
G
G Org. G G
 Share direct experience and build up tacit knowledge (Empathizing)
Practice the model or narrative and accumulate tacit knowledge (Practicing)
Tacit
Explicit
Tacit
Explicit
Express tacit knowledge through dialogue and reflection (Conceptualizing)
Organize relevant concepts into a prototype, model, or narrative (Modeling)
  I = (Individual), G = (Group)
O = (Organization), E = (Environment)
Overview of “Socialization with Patients” Program in Japan in which Members of Public Relations (PR) and Investor Relations (IR) Departments Participated
Eight members of visited Jasmin Ogi (Adachi-ku, Tokyo), a residential complex for the elderly with small-scale and multifunctional home care and services, and implemented “socialization”. The facility offers support and functional training for daily life in a homelike environment as well as interactions with local people so that its users can remain as independent as possible. Each member who participated in the program spent time with dementia patients and learned about their feelings.
Understanding of the Reality of Patients by PR and IR Department Members
We learned that dementia patients have very strong motivation of dementia patients to communicate with others. Even though we met for the first time, the patients shared many stories with us about their experiences in their youth, families, health and more.
They also seemed to be very worried and conflicted at times. Some
of them forgot what they had said only a few minutes earlier. They had difficulty finding the appropriate words and looked confused. On such occasions, we talked to them and nodded with a smile. This helped them feel relieved and continue with their stories. Deep inside, the patients wish to stay connected to the society and to be needed and recognized by others. This is a common feeling that we all have.
Some patients apparently tried to conceal their memory problem,
but by fully accepting them as they are, we saw many smiles on their
faces. They are afraid of becoming more incapable of doing what they
had once taken for granted, such as finding appropriate words while speaking. At the same time, they want to stay as they really are.
Being exposed to these feelings, we sensed the personality of dementia patients. Making someone else smile also makes you smile. The patients looked shy when they were praised by the staff of the facility. Seeing this renewed our understanding of the importance of helping the patients get out of isolation and stay in a caring community where they can find other persons to spend time with, and to live peacefully while feeling secure.
In addition to the “socialization with patients” program, Mr. Baba, the director of the facility, taught us about issues such as the environment surrounding dementia patients and changes in the systems relating to nursing care. We deepened our understanding of the problems facing the practice of health care and nursing care. We then shared with
one another the feelings we got from the program, and carried out “externalization” and “combination”.
The participation in the training program renewed our understanding of the importance of closely considering patients’ feelings. In the years ahead, the PR and IR departments will seriously endeavor to
communicate benefit of Eisai’s pharmaceuticals and solutions to patients in an easy-to-understand manner.
    24
Explicit Explicit
Tacit Tacit

  hhc Special Feature Global hhc Best Practices
In November 2016, Eisai held the “hhc Initiative 2016” at its head office in Tokyo. Approximately 130 persons from group companies worldwide participated in the event and shared their respective best practices. From among these, here we introduce examples of best practice activities in South Korea and Canada.
I Am Here because We Are Here! Satisfying Unmet Needs of Persons with Disabilities through Music that Puts this Concept into a Song (South Korea)
  Based on data from the South Korean Ministry of Health and Welfare, the Eisai Korea Inc. (Eisai Korea) team learned that social understanding of people with disabilities is insufficient, although they acquire their disability due to a variety of diseases for which Eisai has treatments, including cancer, dementia and epilepsy. Moreover, by interacting with people with disabilities, the Eisai Korea team members also learned that many
persons with disabilities suffer from social prejudices, become psychologically dispirited because of their condition, are reluctant to seek medical treatment and thus have a low quality of life.
Given this situation, the Eisai Korea team wondered if they themselves could provide persons with disabilities with any solutions other than supplying pharmaceuticals. Through workshops with persons with disabilities, the Eisai Korea team learned that many people with disabilities love music and that music has the power to move people. Accordingly, the team launched the NOW Project as a campaign to raise awareness of disabilities through music that delivers a message to society about their unmet needs. The word NOW originated from the Korean-language “naleul issge haneun uli”, meaning I Am Here
because We Are Here! They aimed to contribute to the creation of a society that coexists with persons with disabilities by releasing an original song entitled “Closer”, which calls for the realization
of a society where all people can live comfortably, and by holding concerts to perform this song and creating a guide for interacting with persons with disabilities.
As a result, this series of activities by Eisai Korea that transcended the boundaries of corporate activities earned high acclaim from disabilities-related organizations and was also reported in various media. Eisai Korea also received the Excellence Award in the CSR category at the Pharmaceutical Industry Advertisement PR Award Ceremonies.
Please access this URL (YouTube (Korean, with Japanese/English subtitles)) to view the video for the original song “Closer.”
▶ https://youtu.be/VnXKnPGadsM
   The Voice of an Employee of Eisai Korea who Participated in the NOW Project
We were able to take our first step toward linking our future business operations with the tacit knowledge we obtained from interacting with patients and persons with disabilities through the NOW Project. By participating in the NOW Project, I gained a sense of self-awareness that I was involved in an activity that is truly meaningful for society.
I was also able to sense the happiness of working for a company that thinks seriously about creating a good society and also felt the joy of living a meaningful human life. My pride and trust in my company as well as the joy in working together with outstanding colleagues has increased. In South
Korea, Eisai is certainly not a large company. However, following
the start-up of the NOW Project, we have witnessed an increase
in job applications from excellent human resources. The NOW Project provided me with a great opportunity to become aware of the joy of participating in a socially significant and purposeful activity.
  Getting Close to the Feelings of Persons with Epilepsy—Project H.O.P.E. (Canada)
 Through interchanges with epilepsy patients, employees of
Eisai Ltd. (Canada) learned that there are instances when these patients suffer from the misunderstanding and prejudices of society, are isolated from society and develop the symptoms of anxiety and depression. Accordingly, they held discussions with the Epilepsy Association of Nova Scotia and introduced, and supported Project H.O.P.E. (Health of Persons with Epilepsy), which promotes the social acceptance of epilepsy patients and restores their self-confidence. Targeting patients who have lost their self-respect and are isolated because of epilepsy, Project H.O.P.E. is a comprehensive program that features art therapy through freely drawing pictures, yoga for getting into good physical shape and instruction in account bookkeeping to raise daily life skills, as well as improves verbal expressive capabilities so that patients can better express themselves. After participating
in this program, patients show numerous improvements such as increased awareness of ties with other people and society, restoration of their self-respect and increased liveliness.
Through this program, the employees gained a deep understanding of the social and psychological issues faced by epilepsy patients. Carrying out these activities extensively in other regions provides the opportunity to not only promote disease awareness for epilepsy
but also to make widely
known the value that Eisai
can provide to epilepsy
patients and their families.
 25
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

         CFO Message
Linking Non-Financial Capital to Medium-to-Long-Term Corporate Value Creation
Ryohei Yanagi
Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer, Chief IR Officer
   What Are Global Investors Asking of Japanese Companies? —“Medium-to-Long-Term Capital Efficiency (ROE)” and “Relevance between Non-Financial Capital and Value Creation” —
The Japanese version of the Stewardship Code (February 2014) and the Corporate Governance Code (June 2015) were formulated as principles setting forth the responsibilities of institutional investors and corporations from the perspective of the medium-to-long-term growth of the Japanese economy. The Ito Review (August 2014) was also released by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) with the aim of seeking continuous value creation and it recommends that companies strive to “improve medium-to-long-term ROE” as a core target of company management and promote “dialogue between companies and investors” that contributes to sustainable corporate value creation. As a result of these suggestions, numerous companies are now undertaking initiatives for improving ROE while “purposeful dialogue” between companies and investors is being promoted.
On this note, what then are global long-term investors asking of Japanese companies? Here we introduce the results of one survey.
■Global Investor Survey*(2017)
Survey period: January 10 to February 22, 2017. Survey subjects: 139 of the world’s major institutional investors (77 from Japan and 62 from overseas)
  Q. Do you agree with the Ito Review recommendation that Q. What are your thoughts on Japanese companies’ ESG (CSR) and
“companies should commit to achieving a ROE of 8% or higher over the medium- to-long-term”?
its disclosure through integrated reports?
C 2%
B 47%
C 2%
B 47%
B
■ A ) Companies should unconditionally concentrate Ao3n ESG and proac3tively make disclosures.
D E 4% 1%
D E 全体 回答全数体 ■ A ) Strongly agree
回答数F A E
B E 2% 1%
D 19%
F A 全体
回答全数体 回答数
4% 1% A 6A4 ■ B ) Generally agree
643% 2% 1%
3% 2%
C 73%
B 6B5
65
■ B ) BC2ompanies should2 prioritize ESG over capital efficiency (ROE) and disclose and explain ESG.
A
2%
 B
C 10C2 102
D ■ C )2DC6ompanies shou2l6d emphasize both capital
 A
46% 46%
efficiency (ROE) and ESG and show value
More than 90% of investors seek ROE of 8% or higher over the medium- to-long-term.
More than 70% of investors responded, “Companies should emphasize both capital efficiency (ROE) and ESG and show value relevance between the two.”
■ C ) Do not agree
C C2 2
■ D ) Neutral D
D D6 19% 6
■ E ) OAther
E E2 2
合計 13合9計 139
F F4 4
C 73%
efficiency (ROE) given they lag behind their global peers.
*Source based on the following reference: “How do Global Investors Look at Japanese Companies?”, Corporate Accounting, CHUOKEIZAI-SHA, May 2017 issue
E E2 2
合計
■ D ) Companies should first of all prioritize capital 13合9計 139
relevance between the two.
■ E ) No interest/Not important ■ F ) Other
The results of this survey clearly show that long-term investors are basically asking Japanese companies to generate ROE of 8% level over the medium-to-long-term and to demonstrate the value relevance between non- financial capital and capital efficiency (ROE). This suggests that companies must make continuous efforts toward sustainable corporate value creation.
Eisai’s ROE Management —Target a Positive Equity Spread over the Medium-to-Long-Term—
Eisai has been working to improve its medium-to-long-term ROE since the beginning of the 2000s. As a specific target,
Eisai aims to avoid short-termism and achieve ROE above cost of equity over the medium-to-long-term (e.g., 10-year average). In other words, Eisai aims to create a “positive equity spread (ROE – Cost of equity).” Cost of equity is the return demanded by shareholders and Eisai has conservatively assumed a cost of shareholders’ equity of 8%. Eisai is generating a historical 10-year average ROE of 10.7% and a positive equity spread of 2.7%.
 26
   
   Company Introduction
■Trends in ROE by Fiscal Year and Medium-to-Long-Term Value Creation
Management Strategies
 Equity spread: ROE – Cost of equity (CoE)
The key indicator of shareholder value creation based on residual income model*2
*Eisai conservatively assumes cost of equity of 8% (risk-
free rate of 2% + risk premium of 6%)
Historical 10-year equity spread
Historical 10-year average ROE: 10.7% − CoE 8% = 2.7% * Results for fiscal 2007 have been removed as they do not serve as an
appropriate reference due to the impact of the MGI Pharma, Inc. acquisition. **Results up to fiscal 2011 were calculated pursuant to generally accepted
accounting principles in Japan (J-GAAP), while results for fiscal 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 were calculated pursuant to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
*1 Resultsforfiscal2007arenotincluded.
*2 “ROERevolutionandFinancialStrategies”CHUOKEIZAI-SHA(2015)
(%)
20 15
10 5 0
*1
Historical 10-year average ROE (10.7%)
  13.2
10.9
9.6
16.4 14.3
11.4 9.4
 7.6 7.7 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
6.8 2015 2016
(Fiscal year)
 2006 2008 2009
Under the medium-term business plan ‘EWAY 2025’, we aim to attain ROE at the 10% level and an equity spread at the 2% level for fiscal 2020, as the midpoint of the plan. For fiscal 2025, the final year of the plan, Eisai is mindful of attaining ROE at the 15% level on the back of dramatic growth spurred by contributions of flagship drugs in the neurology area and oncology area.
■Financial KPIs under ‘EWAY 2025’
15% level ROE in FY2025
*Dividends per share subject to approval of Board of Directors.
*1 Equity spread = ROE - Cost of equity. Eisai conservatively assumes cost of equity of 8%
*2 DOE = Dividend on equity attributable to owners of the parent
*3 Net DER: Net Debt Equity Ratio = (Interest-bearing debts (bonds and borrowings) - Cash and cash
equivalents - Time deposits exceeding 3 months - Parent company holding investment securities)/ Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Cost of equit(y 8%)
  Relation between Medium-Term Business Plan ‘EWAY 2025’ and Financial Indicators
  KPIs
  FY2020 Targets
 ROE
10% level
 Equity spread*1
  2% level
 DOE*2
8% level
(Maintain ¥150 dividend per share)
 Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent
 50-60%
 Net DER*3
  0-0.3
   With DOE as a KPI, we will pursue an optimal dividend policy based on an optimal capital structure and work to maintain dividends of 150 yen per share. As an optimal capital structure, from the perspective of the Trade-off Theory and maintaining financial integrity, in principle, Eisai will maintain a ratio
of equity attributable to owners of the parent
of 50%-60% and Net DER in the range of
0-0.3, with a single A level credit rating as a criterion.
 Financial Strategy Map*1 for Sustainable Maximization of Shareholder Value
Eisai has set out a financial strategy map as its CFO policy to continuously maximize shareholder value. This strategy consists of three key themes: “ROE management”, “Value-Creative Investment Criteria (VCIC)” and “Dividend
 policy.”
Investor Relations Financial strategies
     Dividend policy
•Signaling effect*2
•Catering effect*3
•Balance sheet management
      ROE management
•Margin: FAM*4/M&A/
Business Development partners/
Tax policy •Leverage
•Turnover: CCC*5/GCMS*6
Value-Creative Investment Criteria : VCIC
•NPV & IRR
•Risk-adjusted hurdle rate (RAHR)
  Optimal capital structure
Trade-off Theory*7 Credit rating: single A level Net DER: 0-0.3
Reduction of cost of equity through IR activities
Cost of equity
Pecking order theory Cost of equity: 8% Equity spread
PBR=PER × ROE
  Optimal dividend policy based on an optimal capital structure KPI=8% DOE model
 Maximization of shareholder value
*1 Source based on the following reference: “Financial and Accounting Literacy to Enhance Corporate Value” (2016) Nikkei Publishing Inc.
*2 Signaling effect: Potential impact on stock price by showing management’s belief in the achievement of revenue forecast through dividend policy *3 Catering effect: Potential impact on stock price by meeting the expectation of shareholders’ preference for dividend
*4 FAM: Fixed Asset Monetization
*5 CCC: Cash Conversion Cycle
*6 GCMS: Global Cash Management System
*7 Trade-off Theory: Idea to pursue optimal capital structure for debt finance and equity finance to use for balancing the costs and benefits
Value Creation Activities
27
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG) Appendix

  ● ROE Management
    ROE
=
Margin
Improve the ratio of operating profit by operating efficiently
×
Turnover
Improve asset efficiency by controlling working capital, converting fixed assets into cash
Financial leverage
Utilize financial leverage × whilecontrollingNetDER with medium-term target
of 0-0.3 for financial integrity
In the CFO Policy, I have placed medium-to-long-term ROE management on the center line of corporate value creation. Under the DuPont method, ROE can be analyzed by three elements consisting of margin (ratio of profit to revenue),
turnover (total asset turnover ratio) and financial leverage. Eisai is focusing on optimizing each of these three elements.
To increase margins, Eisai will focus on expanding high-profit global brands discovered and developed in-house, such as Lenvima, Halaven and Fycompa. Eisai will also strive to improve margin by emphasizing selection and concentration for
priority projects and utilizing partnerships.
To improve turnover, Eisai will manage the cash conversion cycle (CCC) to control working capital and strive to improve
asset efficiency through steps, including selling assets encompassing investment securities and streamlining inventory.
In using financial leverage, Eisai will pursue an optimal capital structure while maintaining financial integrity.
For maintaining a single A level credit rating, we have set the KPIs of Net DER of 0-0.3, a ratio of equity attributable
to owners of the parent of 50%-60% and Net Debt/EBITDA of 0-3 years. By undertaking business activities based on financial discipline, we are steadily reducing interest-bearing debt, and we secured net cash as of the end of fiscal 2016 for the first time in approximately nine years. Net DER was negative 0.05, the ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent was 57% and Net Debt/EBITDA was negative 0.31 years. Based on the view that we have secured sufficient financial integrity, we believe we can resume our leverage strategies. At the end of fiscal 2016, we possessed investment securities in the amount of ¥36.3 billion and broader-based net cash, which includes investment securities, stood at ¥63.6 billion and Net DER was negative 0.11.
Through the above initiatives, we will pursue sustainable ROE on a medium-to-long-term (10-year average) basis rather than focus on short-termism.
This CFO policy of ROE management is based on the corporate philosophy (hhc) and Enlightened Value Maximization Theory (Michael C. Jansen, 2001).
● VCIC (Value-Creative Investment Criteria)
Investments will become even more important for companies to achieve growth. For this reason, Eisai has determined Value- Creative Investment Criteria (VCIC) to ensure its strategic investments create shareholder value. When making investments, we use Net Present Value (NPV) and the Internal Rate of Return (IRR) spread using a risk-adjusted hurdle rate as KPIs. In principle, we naturally select only those investments with a positive NPV and set a certain spread for IRR to assure value creation. In setting hurdle rates, we factor in all risk elements, such as the particular investment project, the investee country and liquidity. We have approximately 200 types of hurdle rates and apply the risk-adjusted hurdle rate appropriate for each respective investment project.
● Dividend Policy
Eisai returns profits to all shareholders in a stable and sustainable manner based on factors such as a healthy balance sheet and comprehensive consideration of consolidated financial results, dividend on equity (DOE, ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent) and free cash flow, as well as consideration of the signaling effect. We strive for an “optimal dividend policy based on an optimal capital structure” that depends on long-term balance sheet management, rather than a dividend payout ratio based on short-term performance. As a KPI for dividends, from the perspective of balance sheet management, Eisai has adopted DOE, which indicates the ratio of dividends to consolidated net assets.
 Formula of risk-adjusted hurdle rate
Risk-adjusted hurdle rate = Risk free rate + β × Risk premium (+ liquidity premium)
- Risk free rate: 10 year average yield of 10 year government bond - β: Defined by investment categories (risk profile)
28

     Company Introduction
(Billions of yen)
100
50
0
100.3
71.4
■Dividends (annual total amount)
82.0
Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
In principle, Eisai strives to maintain dividends within the range of free cash flow at a multi-year level. As KPIs for maintaining a healthy balance sheet, Eisai has set the targets of Net DER of 0-0.3, equity attributable to owners of the parent of 50%- 60% and Net Debt/EBITDA of 0-3 years. Based on these policies, Eisai is maintaining a healthy balance sheet under present conditions and therefore plans to maintain dividends of 150 yen*1 per share in fiscal 2017, which is an expectation of numerous shareholders*2, with an intention of protecting shareholder value. Acquisition of treasury stock will be carried out appropriately after factors such as the market environment and capital efficiency (ROE) are taken into account.
*1 Dividends per share subject to approval of Board of Directors
*2 Based on the results of past surveys of individual and institutional investors
■Trends in free cash flow and dividends —Dividends within the range of free cash flow over multiple years— ■Free cash flow (FCF)
      59.3
2008
39.9
52.9
2009
42.7
42.7
42.7
54.5
2012
42.7
79.4
2013
42.8
60.4
2014
42.8
81.1
2015
573.7
42.9
42.9
             ■Strong Balance Sheet —Dividend Sustainability by Maintaining Optimal Capital Structure— (Billions of yen)
(%) 70
60 50 40 30 20 10
700 600 500 400 300 200 100
0.63 428.0
0.62 415.9
526.3
598.7
2010
2011
2016(FY)
584.6
      0.49 404.2
469.4
416.8
1%
00
57%
0.06
59%
0.01
57%
   37%
38%
39%
4 0.38
47% 0.27
54% 0.14
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
    -0.05 49
(100) End of End of End of End of End of End of End of End of End of -10
FY2008 FY2009 FY2010 FY2011 FY2012 FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016
■Equity attributable to owners of the parent ■Net interest-bearing debt*1 ■ Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent ■ Net debt equity ratio (Net DER)*2
*Results up to end of March 2013 were calculated pursuant to J-GAAP, while results from end of March 2014 and onward were calculated pursuant to IFRS.
*1 Net interest-bearing debt = Interest-bearing debt (bonds and borrowings) - Cash and cash equivalents - Time deposits exceeding three months
*2 Net debt equity ratio (Net DER) = (Interest-bearing debt (bonds and borrowings) - Cash and cash equivalents - Time deposits exceeding three months) / Equity
attributable to owners of the parent
● Eisai’s funding policy
Eisai’s funding policy is based on the pecking order theory. It defines the priority order of funding as follows; “cash on hand” comes first, then the second is “funding by debt” and “funding by new equity” is the last option. As an efficient funding measure, Eisai adopts a Global Cash Management System (GCMS) for the effective cash utilization among group companies. Therefore, we consider cash on hand and debt come out on top and equity financing, which could damage existing shareholder value, is the last option.
29
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

  Striving for Sustainable Corporate Value Creation by Enhancing Non-Financial Capital
According to the Multi-Capital Model of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) framework (IIRC, 2013), corporate value is composed of six capitals that are broadly divided into two categories, namely non-financial capital (intellectual capital, human capital, manufactured capital, social and relationship capital and natural capital) and financial capital. To create sustainable corporate value, besides its financial capital, Eisai also works to enhance non-financial capital.
How is non-financial capital linked to corporate value? Here, let us examine the relevance between PBR (price book- value ratio), a proxy variable for shareholder value, and non-financial capital.
 ■IIRC-PBR Model (Value relevance of the six capitals that compose corporate value) —Net assets (book value on accounting basis) is related to financial capital and Market Value Added (MVA) is related to non-financial capital—
Eisai’s PBR Trends (from the end of fiscal 2006 to the end of fiscal 2016)
■ Major ESG-related External Evaluations and Selection for Indices (as of September 2017)
・MSCI ESG rating: AA
・MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
・FTSE4 Good Index (selected for 16 consecutive years since 2002)
・FTSE Blossom Japan Index
・Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index (selected for 5 consecutive years since 2013)
・Access to Medicine Index (ATM Index 2014 and 2016): ranked 1st among Japanese pharmaceutical companies and 11th among global pharmaceutical companies
    (Times)
4
3
2
1
0
End of fiscal 2006 End of fiscal 2016
Intellectual Capital
Human Capital
Manufactured Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
Natural Capital Financial Capital
     Market Value Added (MVA) amount
Net assets (book value on accounting basis)
  Eisai’s PBR has generally been above 2 during the past 10 years and recently has been maintained at slightly above or below 3. This means that the assessment of Eisai’s market value has significantly exceeded its net assets (book value on accounting basis).
Based on the assumption that shareholder value equals long-term total market capitalization and also equals Book Value of Shareholders’ Equity (BV) plus MVA, Eisai’s present financial capital is equivalent to BV while its non-financial capital consisting of intellectual capital, human capital, manufactured capital, social and relationship capital, and natural capital is related to MVA (the portion that exceeds PBR of 1). These are also called “future financial capital.” Non-financial capital, which becomes MVA, is sort of a “self-created goodwill” that cannot be recorded by accounting and can also be considered as “intangibles (invisible value)” that should be created by the effort of the management. This is called the IIRC-PBR Model.
From the perspective of the latest PBR, Eisai’s “self-created goodwill” is earning high acclaim centering on ESG. Nonetheless, we recognize that we must further enhance this value, with efforts focused on the R&D pipeline.
Value Relevance between Non-Financial Capital and Equity Spread
As CFO, I proposed a synchronized model regarding financial capital and non-financial capital value relevance based on our corporate philosophy (hhc) prior to the announcement of the IIRC (International Integrated Reporting Council) framework in consideration of medium-to-long-term capital efficiency (ROE and equity spread) and sustainability (importance of non-financial capital).
■Non-Financial Capital and Equity Spread Value Relevance Model *1 —Toward the Visualization of “Invisible Value”—
 1 Intrinsic Value Model*2 Sustainability Value
(Value of ESG/CSR)
Customer Value Human Value Organizational Value
3 Residual Income Model(RIM) Shareholder Value = BV +
2 IIRC-PBR Model
   Shareholder Value Market Value Added (MVA)
Book Value of Shareholders’ Equity (BV)
Intellectual Capital Human Capital Manufactured Capital Social and Relationship Capital Natural Capital
            Marginimprovement Reductionof cost of equity
Non-financial capital
Non-financial capital
    (Sum of Present Value of Equity Spread (MVA)
)
Financial Capital (IIRC framework)
Residual Income
Equity Spead × BV
( ROE − CoE )×BV
∑∞ t =1
Netincomet −CoE×BVt-1
(1+CoE)
 *1 Source based on the following reference: “ROE Revolution and Financial Strategies” CHUOKEIZAI-SHA (2017) *2 “Financial Strategies for Maximizing Corporate Value” Doyukan (2009) 30
t
(Return on Equity attribute to owners of the parent)
(Cost of Equity)

         Company Introduction
Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
First, under the 1Intrinsic Value Model, market value added (MVA) is defined as ESG/CSR*1 value (cost of capital reduction effects), customer value, human value, and organizational value.
In contrast to this, the aforementioned 2IIRC-PBR Model explains the relevance of six capitals under the IIRC framework, by positioning Book Value of Shareholders’ Equity (BV) as financial capital, and relating MVA to non-financial capital consisting of intellectual capital, human capital, manufactured capital, social and relationship capital and natural capital, based on the assumption that shareholder value equals long-term total market capitalization and also equals Book Value of Shareholders’ Equity (BV) plus MVA.
From the 3Residual Income Model (RIM), it is thought that MVA converges in the total present value of equity spread. Therefore, it can be considered that future financial value creation based on equity spread over the long term does not conflict with non-financial capital value such as ESG and MVA creation and is not mutually contradictory and can be synchronized.
In conjunction with the Non-Financial Capital and equity spread Value Relevance Model, the Intrinsic Value Model which relates non-financial capital to MVA, the IIRC-PBR Model and the Residual Income Model (RIM) which implicates the relation between MVA and equity spread, are mutually complementary through the creation of MVA. Also, there are many publicized academic research papers that prove the positive correlation between PBR and ROE and the non- financial capital that substantiates this model.
*1 CSR: Corporate Social Responsibility
*2 Research paper example: “Is Non-Financial Capital Linked to Corporate Value?” Yoshikazu Tomizuka, Corporate Accounting, July 2017 issue, CHUO KEIZAI-SHA.
“A study of the relationship between human/intellectual capital and corporate value(PBR)” (Yanagi, Yoshino), Monthly Capital Market, October 2017 issue, Capital Market Research Institute, etc.
Enhancing Non-Financial Capital Leads to Corporate Value Creation through an Improvement in ROC (Return on Capital)
Eisai inputs the six capitals that include non-financial capital and aims to create two outputs, namely the provision of solutions and development of new drugs mainly in the neurology area and oncology area.
In undertaking our business based on the corporate philosophy (hhc), we have strengthened initiatives toward ESG, which is non-financial value. Additionally, we strive to create outcomes such as “fulfilling patient needs for prevention, cure and care” as well as to make “contributions to local communities by providing security and safety.” We believe these outcomes will lead to the elimination of gaps that hinder the enjoyment of high-quality medical treatment and care and also contribute to the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) advocated by the United Nations.
Enhancing non-financial capital that depends on the corporate philosophy (hhc) will lead to high-level output and the realization of outcomes and will ultimately result in an improvement in financial and non-financial ROC. Furthermore, as CFO, I believe that these activities will lead to an improvement of ROE as financial capital by a deferred effect over the long-term, which will eventually converge with an improvement of PBR, a proxy indicator for shareholder value, and lead to the creation of sustainable corporate value.
Promoting Engagement That Emphasizes Our “Premium” (Total of approximately 700 dialogues per year)
As CFO, I believe that promoting an understanding of our non-financial information is essential for realizing the objectives of our engagement, which is to have our corporate value assessed from the perspective of medium-to-long-term corporate value creation. This non-financial information covers areas such as intellectual capital centering on our pipeline and patents; human capital that handles our operations; our initiatives for improving access to medicines; and our corporate governance. To attain this objective, Eisai’s IR team holds a total of approximately 700 dialogues with investors and analysts on an annual basis. Among these, CFO holds approximately 200 interviews, including with overseas investors every year. The CFO and IR team strive to reduce cost of equity and are committed to promoting engagement based on the idea of “IR is not a cost center and contributes to corporate value creation.” Regarding this point, in a report issued by SMBC Nikko Securities Inc. senior analyst, Yasuhiro Nakazawa, on June 19, 2014, Eisai’s PER was noted as being more than 10% above the industry average. The report referred to this as an IR premium and attributed it to investors’ high regard of Eisai’s clear capital policy and adept IR activities.
In promoting engagement, we will hold discussions on sophisticated financial theories and capital policies such as cost of equity and optimal capital structure. Likewise, at the engagement, in addition to pipeline as non-financial capital, we will actively emphasize the discussion point of value correlation between ESG and capital productivity. As CFO, I will pursue further synchronization model of non-financial capital and corporate value supported by experimental research and aim for sustainable long-term shareholder value creation by repeatedly promoting engagement based on our corporate philosophy (hhc).
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
  BSC (Balanced Score card)
Financial perspective
ROE
Customer perspective
Corporate principle
PBR
Corporate value creation
ROC
ROC (Return on Capital)
ROE
Transition by a deferred effect over the long-term
SDGs (ESG)
Output Outcome
IIRC's 6 capitals
Input
                             Return
 Equity
                                                                                                                                     Internal process perspective
Productivity Manufactured Intellectual Capital Capital
R&D
                                                                              Social contribution
                                                                     Learning and growth perspective
ESG
                                  Financial Human Natural Capital Capital Capital
                         31
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

  Intellectual Capital Message from Corporate Officers in Charge of Neurology Area
Develop Next Generation Dementia Treatments with a Sense of Mission
Ivan Cheung (Left)
Senior Vice President President, Neurology Business Group
Teiji Kimura (Right)
Vice President Chief Discovery Officer, Neurology Business Group
      Strengths
1. Industry-leading R&D pipeline in the dementia area
2. Abundant experience and knowledge of drug creation and
disease awareness activities in the dementia area
3. Global collaborations which enable higher success rates /
acceleration of development and improved efficiency in development / commercialization costs
 Weaknesses
1. High development investment in dementia, an area in which developing new drugs is particularly difficult
2. Delays in expanding patient contributions through Fycompa and BELVIQ
 Opportunities
1. Expansion of market for dementia treatments as population ages 2. Expansion of potential market as dementia diagnosis technology
improves
 Threats
1. Competitive products entering the market
2. Increasing pressure to lower prices as governments promote
policies to reduce expenditure on drugs
Q : What are Eisai’s strengths in the Neurology area?
A : Cheung Our greatest strength is that we possess industry-leading pipeline in the dementia area. In collaboration with Biogen Inc., there are four projects under development based on the beta amyloid (Aβ) and tau hypotheses, which are currently the leading theories in dementia treatment development. Including these, we have six projects which target the progress of aggressive factors accumulation. We also have five projects which target early symptoms such as sleep and behavioral disorders which precede the diagnosis of dementia by 10-20 years. Thus, we have a total of 11 projects under development in the dementia area.
We are also currently co-developing next generation Alzheimer’s disease (AD) treatments, BACE inhibitor elenbecestat*1,2 (E2609) and anti-Aβ protofibrils antibody BAN2401*1,3 and hold options for anti-Aβ antibody aducanumab and anti-tau antibody BIIB076, which are currently being developed by Biogen Inc. We are also jointly developing lemborexant as a treatment for insomnia disorder and irregular sleep-wake rhythm disorder associated with Alzheimer's disease dementia with Purdue Pharma L.P. We believe that these global collaborations are also one of our strengths.
Furthermore, when developing treatments for dementia, we believe that it is important to not only target aggressive factors but also to focus on the brain maintenance system. To this purpose, we are accelerating discovery projects for novel drugs that target the brain maintenance system.
*1 Co-development with Biogen Inc.
*2 Generic name for E2609. The generic name is not yet fixed. *3 Licensed-in from BioArctic AB
Kimura Starting in 1983 when we began researching dementia at the Tsukuba Research Laboratories, we have accumulated over 30 years of knowledge and know-how of drug creation activities in the dementia area, and this is one of our greatest strengths. One reason in general for the low success rate of drug development in neurology is that high-order functions unique to humans like cognition had been evaluated by using behavior modifications in animal models as indicators. At Eisai, we are focusing on in vivo substances called biomarkers.
Using the changes in biomarkers as indicators, we make more accurate prediction for clinical trials in humans based on the results obtained from animal studies. To this purpose, Eisai’s accumulated clinical samples, such as blood samples, and the accompanying clinical data can be used to further enhance the process. In addition, we are actively using iPS-derived neural cells made from clinical samples. Eisai’s strength is a combination
of accumulated knowledge, accumulated data, and the latest technology, and we will use this strength to accelerate the development of next generation dementia treatments.
Cheung Another major strength is the knowledge gained through our disease awareness campaigns and community building activities in the dementia area. Since the launch of Aricept in 1997, it is estimated that on a global level, Eisai has conducted over 10,000 disease awareness events. In Japan, we have entered into a partnership agreement for dementia with 102 towns/cities to promote community networking activities. We are not simply developing and providing drugs; we are also working to improve quality of life (QOL) for patients and their families by creating communities which coexist with dementia.
 32
   
    Company Introduction Management Strategies
Q : Why is drug development in the dementia area considered to be so difficult?
A : Kimura The U.S. FDA has not approved any treatments for dementia since 2003, so from that we can surmise that drug development in this area is incredibly challenging.
One reason is that high-order functions like cognition
are unique to humans, and so it is difficult to create an applicable experimental scenario using animal models.
For example, even if Aβ or tau accumulates in a mouse brain,
it is not guaranteed that the mouse will develop dementia. We need to confirm the correlation, including biomarkers, between the reactions of animal models and the changes that occur inside a dementia patient’s brain or their core symptoms and to accumulate data. Another reason for the difficulty is that despite the advances made in diagnostic imaging technology like PET (Positron emission tomography), there is still no way to directly observe the changes inside a human brain.
Q : Why is it that so many dementia treatment candidates failed their clinical trials?
What is Eisai doing differently from other companies?
A : Kimura It is said that there are four elements (right drug discovery target, right patients, right dosage, right clinical evaluation indicators) that are important for a clinical trial to meet its primary endpoint.
There is strong human evidence for Aβ as a target, including pathological findings in postmortem AD brains, familial AD gene mutations, and the discovery of gene mutations that prevent the onset of AD in Finland. So we can surmise that the failed trials had an issue in one of the other three factors (or multiple factors). For example, clinical trials with patients whose AD had advanced to a stage beyond which the mechanism of action was effective, or with patients whose Aβ disposition was unknown. Or they may have gotten the dosage wrong, or the endpoint selected was not sensitive enough for the patient population.
In our clinical studies, we have considered these as possible failings. The following factors, which we think will contribute to success in clinical development, have been incorporated into the elenbecestat and BAN2401 studies:
Q : What are the problems with current diagnostic methods? What is the development status of new diagnostic methods?
A : Kimura At present, dementia is diagnosed using PET imaging or cerebrospinal fluid analysis. However there are some issues with these methods; cerebrospinal fluid analysis is highly invasive and there are not enough facilities equipped to perform PET imaging. For our next generation dementia treatments that target early AD patients, there is a strong need for a less invasive diagnostic method, such as a blood test.
It is thought that Aβ in the blood includes a small amount
of a specific soluble Aβ aggregate that comes from the brain.
At present, we are conducting structure observation using Sysmex Corporation’s super-resolution fluorescence microscope in attempt to identify the uniquely structured soluble Aβ aggregates in the blood. In this way, we are aiming to develop a diagnostic method that does not place a burden on the patient. Currently, Eisai’s accumulated clinical trial samples are being used to examine the possibility of utilizing the measurement of Aβ aggregates to the diagnosis of dementia.
Q : What are your expansion plans in Neurology?
A : Cheung Along with the rapid aging of the population, the global market for dementia treatments is also expanding. While this is a business opportunity for Eisai, it is also a large threat for mankind. We need to develop next generation dementia treatments with a sense of mission. In order to make Eisai
a top runner in the development of next generation dementia treatment, we are aggressively investing in our industry leading pipeline.
In order to contribute to early stage AD patients, early and non-invasive diagnostic technology will be indispensable. Currently, we are co-developing a blood test with Sysmex Corporation. If we can succeed in creating a simple diagnostic method, I think that it will greatly increase our opportunities.
Additionally, we are focusing on further expanding our contributions to patients with Fycompa and BELVIQ. In FY 2017, the approval for Fycompa as monotherapy use for partial epilepsy in the U.S. and administration restriction lift in Japan are opportunities to lead to a huge increase in sales. For BELVIQ, we have acquired all development and marketing rights based on an agreement with Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., in December 2016. This gives us greater freedom in our development and application strategies, and we will aim to accelerate our contributions to patients.
     1) Identifying positive Aβ disposition in early stage AD patients when enrolling for trials
2) Setting appropriate doses for antibodies and small molecule compounds
3) Selecting a suitable endpoint for evaluating effects for the early stage AD patients
Value Creation Activities
33
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG) Appendix

   Intellectual Capital
6 “Ricchi” and Ongoing Projects in Neurology Area A diverse range of ongoing projects in the area of dementia
   Ricchi 1 Early and Minimally-Invasive Diagnostics
PET (Positron emission tomography) imaging and measurements using cerebrospinal fluid are utilized to detect the accumulation of beta amyloid (Aβ) for early diagnosis of dementia. As major challenges, the number of facilities with PET imaging available is limited, and cerebrospinal fluid must be drawn by inserting a needle into the spinal cord cavity of the hip, which places a large burden on patients. Eisai is therefore undertaking various projects for developing methods for early detection of dementia, such as by using blood biomarkers, that reduce the burden on patients.
Ricchi 2 Novel Neuro-Transmission Pathways
Eisai possesses molecular targeting-related drug creation base technologies and comprehensive analysis methods in the area of neurology that have been cultivated through the development of Aricept, Fycompa and lemborexant. Additionally, Eisai has capabilities in designing and creating compounds efficiently, based on its knowledge of interactions between compounds and living organisms.
Eisai is leveraging this know-how and technologies in various ongoing projects.
Ricchi 3 Proteinopathy
The accumulation of abnormal proteins inside the
brain is a pathological finding that is common to many neurodegenerative diseases. Eisai possesses abundant knowledge cultivated over 30 years of approach to dementia with Aricept, elenbecestat and BAN2401. Representative examples are as follows:
• Research on the correlation between non-clinical research measuring brainwaves and behaviors in genetically modified animal models and pathophysiology such as PET imaging and molecular toxicology measurements in cerebrospinal fluid.
• Accurate prediction for clinical trials and patient stratification in translational research in humans based on the results obtained from animal studies by utilizing pharmacodynamic biomarkers.
• Development of highly sensitive clinical scales for clinical trials.
Eisai is leveraging this knowledge in the development of next generation dementia treatments.
 Main Ongoing Project
Collaboration with Sysmex Corporation (Blood diagnosis)
We are utilizing Sysmex Corporation’s super-resolution fluorescence microscope and attempting to identify brain- derived soluble Aβaggregates in the blood. Currently, Eisai’s accumulated clinical trial samples are being used to examine the possibility of utilizing the measurement of uniquely structured Aβ aggregates for diagnosing dementia. In this way, we are aiming to develop an early diagnostic method of dementia that does not place a burden on the patient.
  Sysmex Corporation’s super-resolution fluorescence microscope
Aβ aggregates as seen with a regular fluorescence microscope
Aβ aggregates as
seen with a super- resolution fluorescence microscope
   Main Ongoing Projects
•Indication expansion for AMPA antagonist Fycompa
(Pediatric, monotherapy, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome)
*For further details, please refer to pages 12 and 42.
•Dual orexin receptor antagonist lemborexant •PDE9 inhibitor E2027
•Next generation AMPA receptor antagonist E2082
  34
Main Ongoing Projects
•BACE inhibitor elenbecestat
•Anti- Aβ(beta amyloid) protofibrils antibody
BAN2401
*For further details, please refer to page 37.
  
    Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
 Ricchi 4 Neuro-Inflammation and Immuno-Genetics
Glial cells in the brain and spinal cord play an important role in maintaining homeostasis by regulating immune functions and replenishing nutrients in the central nervous system. When activated in pathological conditions, they move to the disease site and attempt to devour damaged cells and extracellular proteins such as Aβ. However, if they maintain this activated state for a long period of time, they become reactive glial cells that release excessive inflammatory factors which are thought to interfere with neurons. This process is thought to be one of the causes of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease. In fact, genome-wide association study (GWAS) on Alzheimer’s disease has revealed genetic risks reported to have mechanisms associated with neuro-inflammation. Eisai is focusing on projects related to reactive glial cells for the creation of treatment in dementia area.
■Neuron interference by reactive glial cells
   Main Ongoing Project •Anti-fractalkine antibody E6011
Anti-fractalkine antibody E6011 is currently being developed for rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease, and expanding its indications to include Alzheimer’s disease is under consideration. E6011 binds with fractalkine, a chemokine that is induced on vascular endothelial cells during inflammation, and by suppressing either the inflammation or the immune cell activity, prevents reactive glial cells from interfering with neurons.
 Ricchi 5 Synapse Micro-Environment
The tip of a neuron is called a synapse and has a swelled nodular shape. Synapses do not appress adjacent neurons and this slight gap between neurons is called a synaptic gap. In a synaptic
gap, an electric signal is changed into a chemical substance
(a neurotransmitter) that transmits information to the next
neuron. When an electric signal is transmitted to the synapse,
a neurotransmitter from the synapse vesicle is secreted in the synaptic gap and binds with a receptor in the cell membrane
of the next neuron. An electric signal impulse then occurs and information is transmitted to the next neuron. In dementia patients, accumulation of abnormal proteins such as Aβ and overreactions of neuro-inflammation interfere with the synapses, which leads to loss of synapses and death of neurons.
Eisai is working on projects to revitalize neurons by improving the synapse micro-environment and restoring synapse function. In this way, through the reactivation of residual functions, we are aiming to cure Alzheimer’s disease and prevent neuron death.
Ricchi 6 Neuronal Regeneration
■Synapse Micro-Environment
  Main Ongoing Project •EphA4 synapse modulator
As one approach, we are investigating the development of an Alzheimer's disease treatment that works by inducing stabilization of the synapses through enhancing cleavage of EphA4, a protein which regulates maintenance and formation of synapse. It is thought that the severed EphA4’s C-terminal fragments play an important role in maintenance of synapses. In fact, there have been reports of reduced EphA4 cleavage observed in Alzheimer's disease patients.
 The brain is composed of neurons, glial cells and blood vessels. Glial cells account for the largest part of all brain cells in humans while astrocytes account for the largest number of cells in the cerebral cortex. In the same manner as neurons, astrocytes receive neurotransmitters in the synapses that are the points of contact between neurons and then release various neurotransmitters, and this process is believed to regulate the efficiency of information transmission and influence memory and learning.
While other companies and academics are attempting to treat neurodegenerative disease through neuron transplants, Eisai has set its sights on astrocytes and is focusing on maintenance of brain durability. In this field, Eisai is working on projects to develop next generation treatment methods.
35
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG) Appendix

   Intellectual Capital
Development of New Potential Dementia Treatments Industry-Leading, Abundant Pipeline under Development
  An Ever-Increasing Number of Dementia Patients
■Trends in the Number of Dementia Patients in the World (millions of persons)
In 2015, there were an estimated 46.78 million dementia patients worldwide. As the aging of
the global population gathers pace, the number of dementia patients is expected to continue trending upward and increase approximately
1.6 times to 74.69 million patients in 2030 and approximately 2.8 times to 131.45 million in 2050. Of particular note, the rate of increase in dementia patients in low-and middle-income countries is projected to significantly exceed
the rise in high income countries. Therefore, promoting initiatives to address dementia is a global issue and there are hopes that therapeutic agents that satisfy these unmet medical needs will be developed quickly.
0
What is Dementia?
Dementia is a condition characterized by the occurrence of a variety of disorders and the emergence of impediments to everyday life due to the death of brain cells and a worsening of cognitive functions resulting from various causes. There are different types of dementia. Symptoms of Alzheimer’s, the most prevalent dementia, are mainly those related to memory impairment (core symptom), while behavioral and psychological symptoms (BPSD) such as delusions and hallucinations, violence, wandering and depression can also be observed. Other types of the disease include dementia with Lewy bodies and vascular dementia, among others. All of these are characteristically progressive.
Medicine Creation Targeting the Accumulation of Aggressive Factors
Marketed treatments for Alzheimer’s disease (AD), including Eisai’s Aricept, are designed to delay the progression of the disease. Unmet medical needs for dementia treatment still remain high. Eisai currently collaborates with Biogen Inc., a pharmaceutical company focused on neurodegenerative diseases, in developing next generation agents targeting beta amyloid (Aβ) and tau, the so-called causal substances of AD.
AD is associated with the occurrence of neuronal cell death as a result of the gradual accumulation of proteins in
the brain, called Aβ from long before the onset of symptoms, such as memory impairment. The accumulation of
Aβ is considered to accelerate the tau pathology and might be the cause of neuronal cell death, resulting from the accumulation of tau. The accumulation of aggressive factors such as Aβ and tau is considered to be the potential target of AD treatment.
Accumulations of Aβ begin more than 15 to 20 years prior to the appearance of Alzheimer’s disease symptoms. Various changes occur within the brain up to the point when abnormalities in clinical cognitive functions can be observed.
Mild cog
■
■
Number of dementia patients in high income countries
Number of dementia patients in low and middle income countries
 Expansion of 2.8 times Expansion of 1.6 times
131.45
2050 (year)
     46.78
2015
74.69
2030
27.95
42.18
 89.28
  19.50
27.28
46.74
 Source: World Alzheimer Report 2015: The Global Impact of Dementia
 ■Pathogenic mechanism of Alzheimer’s disease
Accumulations of beta amyloid (Aβ) inside the brain
  Accumulations of tau inside the brain
 Change in brain structure
  Impairment of memory
Impairment of clinical function
 nitive impairment
Dementia (mild→moderate→severe)
     36
  
   Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Five Next Generation Alzheimer’s Disease Treatment Projects Including Collaboration with Biogen Inc.
   elenbecestat*1(E2609) (BACE inhibitor)
Beta-secretase (BACE)
Anti-tau antibody
BIIB076*2 (Anti-tau antibody) Biogen Inc.
Hyperphosphorylation and accumulation of tau in neuronal cell
Neuronal cell function disorder
 Amyloid precursor protein (APP)
Gamma-secretase
Cuts APP at C-terminal side
Monomer
Greater tendency to bond together
BAN2401
(Anti-Aβ protofibrils antibody)
Cuts APP at N-terminal side
aducanumab*2 (Anti-Aβ antibody)
Biogen Inc.
Beta amyloid (A )
          β
    Aβfibrils
Insoluble fibrous aggregates
Deposit and form amyloid plaque
(may cause neuronal cell death)
Amyloid plaque
Neurofibrillary tangle
     Neuronal cell death
  Aβ protofibrils
  Large soluble aggregates
Highly neurotoxic
(Induce neurodegenerative process and cause neuronal cell death)
*1 Generic name for E2609. The generic name is not yet fixed. *2 Eisai has an option to jointly develop and commercialize
● Investigational BACE Inhibitor Developed In-house elenbecestat*1 (E2609) (Co-development with Biogen Inc.)
Discovered by the Tsukuba Research Laboratories, this compound inhibits the beta-site amyloid precursor protein- cleaving enzyme (BACE), which is the enzyme involved in the production of Aβ. Elenbecestat is currently in PhaseIII studies with the aim for launch shortly after fiscal 2020.
● Investigational Anti-Aβ Protofibrils Antibody BAN2401 (Co-development with Biogen Inc.) This anti-Aβ protofibrils antibody is in-licensed from BioArctic AB. BAN2401 has unique characteristic to bind and
reduce toxic Aβ protofibrils. BAN2401 is currently in PhaseII study with the aim for launch shortly after fiscal 2020. ● Investigational Anti-Aβ Antibody Aducanumab under Development by Biogen Inc.
(Eisai has an option to jointly develop and commercialize)
Biogen Inc. is currently developing this anti-Aβ antibody and is conducting PhaseIII studies.
● Anti-tau Antibody under Development by Eisai, and an Anti-tau Antibody BIIB076 under Development By Biogen Inc.
Eisai is independently conducting a preclinical study with the anti-tau antibody targeting tau, which is considered one of the causal substances of AD. Biogen Inc. is conducting a Phase I study with an anti-tau antibody BIIB076 (Eisai has an option to jointly develop and commercialize [the option rights regarding joint development/joint sales promotion]).
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
Decline in cognitive function
 Eisai’s option exercise conditions for aducanumab
Eisai has the right to exercise the option for aducanumab at the time of 1) or 2) below.
1) Post-Phase II BIIB037 Option: After the completion of both aducanumab Phase Ib clinical trials and BAN2401
PhaseII clinical trials
2) Post-Phase III BIIB037 Option: After the completion of aducanumab Phase III clinical trials
For details on conditions for exercising the options held by Eisai, please refer to this press release.▶ http://www.eisai.com/news/news201507.html
37
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

 New Paradigm of Drug Discovery against Dementia: Three Pillars and 11 Projects under Development
Aducanumab*1 Elenbecestat*2,3 Early AD Early AD Anti-Aβantibody BACE inhibitor
BAN2401*2,4 Early AD Anti-Aβprotofibrils antibody
BIIB076*1 AD/dementia New mechanism of action
E6011 AD/dementia Anti-fractalkine
antibody
Progress of aggressive factors accumulation
Brain maintenance system
Transformation of symptoms over time
Lemborexant*5 ISWRD*6 associated with Alzheimer’s disease dementia Dual orexin receptor
Aβ
Sleep
disorder
E2730
Epilepsy New mechanism of action
Anti-tau antibody AD/dementia New mechanism of action
Tau
Genetic background
Environmental factor
Behavioral
disorder
E2082
Epilepsy Next generation AMPA receptor
antagonist
Reactive Glial Cells
Protective mechanism
Cognitive
disorder
Ideation Stage
Intracerebral clearance enhancer through reinforcing
protective mechanism
Brain homeostasis improving agent targeting astrocyte
Neural stem cell activation agent
antagonist
*1 Developed by Biogen Inc. Eisai has an option to jointly develop and commercialize. *2 Co-development with Biogen Inc.
*3 Generic name for E2609. The generic name is not yet fixed.
*4 Licensed-in from BioArctic AB
*5 Co-development with Purdue Pharma L.P. *6 ISWRD: Irregular sleep-wake rhythm disorder
The development of next generation AD treatments has focused on aggressive factors, such as Aβ and tau. Eisai collaborates with Biogen Inc. in developing BACE inhibitor elenbecestat (E2609) and anti Aβ protofibrils antibody BAN2401 which target Aβ. Eisai also has the option rights to the anti-Aβ antibody aducanumab and the anti-tau antibody BIIB076, which are being developed by Biogen Inc. Furthermore, Eisai is conducting a study for the in-house anti-tau antibody. As Aβ and tau accumulate in a multilayered manner, the glial cells that play a part in the phagocytosis of Aβ and tau excessively release inflammatory factors and others, causing disorder to the nerve cells by remaining active for a long time (reactive glial cells). Eisai is conducting a drug discovery study for E6011, targeted at reactive glial cells.
In recent years, the occurrence of transformation of symptoms over time has become increasingly known: It starts as a sleep disorder 10 to 20 years before the diagnosis of dementia, followed by behavioral disorder then cognitive impairment, in that order. Possible forms of sleep disorders, beside basic ones, include REM sleep behavior disorder (RBD) and irregular sleep-wake rhythm disorder (ISWRD) among others. RBD and ISWRD are considered to be closely related to dementia. Depression, epilepsy, anxiety, dysosmia and other forms of behavioral disorders are considered to follow sleep disorders due to the accumulation of Aβ.
The brain has a mechanism for protection. It is a known fact that protective genes and positive environmental factors function to maintain homeostasis. Reported protective mechanisms include a function for phagocytizing and eliminating Aβ and other foreign matter that occurs within the brain, a function for healing damaged nerve cells and a function
for facilitating the regeneration of nerve cells through the differentiation of neural stem cells, among others. This brain maintenance system may be the new target of drug discovery aimed at curing dementia.
Eisai considers that the future efforts to develop dementia treatments should focus on the process of accumulation of aggressive factors such as Aβ, tau and reactive glial cells; the transformation of symptoms over time that occurs in the order of sleep disorder, behavioral disorder and cognitive impairment; and the brain maintenance system.
38
E2027 Treatment for behavioral/ cognitive disorder due
to Lewy body disease/ dementia PDE9 inhibitor
EphA4 Synapse modulator

    Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Medicine Creation Targeting at Transformation Symptoms Over Time
It is known that sleep facilitates the excretion of Aβ from the brain. A sleep disorder may also accelerate the accumulation of Aβ and potentially lead to AD. Eisai is conducting clinical studies with lemborexant, an antagonist to dual orexin receptors, which are involved in the regulation of sleep and awakening; two PhaseIII studies on insomnia disorder and a PhaseII study on irregular sleep-wake rhythm disorder (ISWRD) associated with Alzheimer’s disease dementia.
After the sleep disorder, a behavioral disorder may occur in such forms as depression, epilepsy, anxiety and dysosmia in relation to the accumulation of Aβ and tau. Inhibiting these disorders might delay the onset of dementia. Eisai also develops new drugs for epilepsy and other neurological disorders. For example, E2082 is a next generation AMPA receptor antagonist and E2730 has a novel mechanism of action. Furthermore, Eisai develops E2027, a PDE9 inhibitor against behavioral disorders and cognitive impairment due to dementia with Lewy bodies/dementia. Eisai also conducts a study for drug discovery targeting EphA4, which concerns synapse stabilization.
Medicine Creation Targeting at Brain Maintenance System
It is a known fact that the brain has many protective mechanisms to maintain robustness. The brain consists of
nerve cells, glial cells and blood vessels. Glial cells function to facilitate the survival of nerve cells and to maintain and metabolically support the intracerebral environment. Glial cells are said to be nearly 10 to 50 times larger than nerve cells in quantity and occupy the largest part of cells in the human brain.
Astrocyte, the most common type of glial cell, is known to receive neurotransmitters and release different transmitters, as nerve cells do. Astrocyte is also considered to structurally support the brain and acts as a mechanism for stimulating neural transmission and nourishment.
Microglia, a type of glial cell, is known as the cell with an immunity function in the nerve center. In a normal state, it monitors the surrounding environment while moving the slender process. When it is activated in a pathological condition, it moves to the disease site and plays roles such as phagocytizing damaged cells and extracellular proteins such as Aβ.
The brain maintainance system supported by these protective mechanisms can be considered an important new target of drug discovery aimed at the curing of dementia.
Eisai’s Resources based on the Maximum Use of Experience and Knowledge toward Development of Dementia treatments
It is considered that achieving the primary endpoint in a clinical study requires the satisfaction of four elements, such
as the right drug discovery target, right patients, right dosage, and right clinical evaluation indicators. Targeting Aβ is based on strong human evidence such as pathological findings of AD postmortem brains, gene mutation of familial AD and gene mutation to prevent the onset of AD. Eisai practices unique inventions for leading developments into success, leveraging over three decades of accumulated knowledge and know-how since the company launched its dementia study at Tsukuba Research Laboratories in 1983.
 Innovative Approach in the Development of Next Generation AD Treatments based on Aβ Hypotheses ● Choosing appropriate patients (early-onset AD, more specifically mild cognitive
impairment with intracerebral Aβ deposition) and accurate screening
The risk of failure increases in a clinical trial with patients who are in an excessively advanced stage of the disease
against the mechanism of action or who are yet to be diagnosed with Aβ deposition. ● Consideration of dose setting
Minimize arm setting as possible to confirm efficacy with utilization of biomarkers for small molecule compounds development. Prudently consider dose setting in Phase II study for antibodies that entail a fear of low intracerebral extraction rate due to the blood-brain barrier
● Choosing an endpoint sensitive to the clinical evaluation of early-onset AD patients Select clinical scale for the evaluation of clinical effects, with high sensitivity in targeted patient population, such as
CDR-SB and ADCOMS.
● Implement two pivotal studies with the same study design simultaneously aiming at fulfilling regulatory requirements
39
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG) Appendix

    Intellectual Capital Social and Relationship Capital Initiatives for Dementia Area
Offering Solutions that Go Beyond Providing Pharmaceuticals
Eisai’s initiatives in dementia area extend beyond merely providing pharmaceuticals. Eisai also undertakes a variety of activities for solving issues faced by patients and the community and for building a foundation for a society that coexists with dementia. In this section, we introduce some of those specific activities.
   A 20-Year Journey with Aricept —Enhancing Recognition of Dementia in the World
 Eisai launched the in-house developed dementia treatment Aricept in 1999. The introduction of Aricept as Japan’s first Alzheimer’s disease treatment provided patients and their families with great hope. In the following section, Dr. Kazuo Hasegawa, Director Emeritus at the Tokyo Dementia Care Research and Training Center, describes the differences between the situation today and the times prior to the launch of Aricept when there were no treatments for dementia.
spread of simple diagnostic methods such as MMSE* that is more suitable for the practical clinical stage.
In 2000, Eisai launched Japan Academy for Alzheimer’s Disease together with doctors. This was set up in order to promote discussions about various issues regarding dementia among medical specialists and primary doctors that transcend fields of medical care and to support a proper paradigm shift. This academy, which was attended by 300 people at the first session, is now attended by approximately 1,500 doctors each year.
These types of initiatives have produced positive results and have helped significantly increase the awareness of dementia throughout the world. Dr. Shigeki Kuzuhara, Professor Emeritus at Mie University, describes these changes below.
 “Donepezil was a ray of light in the darkness.”
“During my practicing days, doctors had no available treatments for Alzheimer’s disease even when the disease was diagnosed at an early stage. Because of this, doctors would express their regrets to patients and their families with a sense of powerlessness and futility. There are now clinical studies where donepezil can be administered and this is providing patients, their families as well as doctors with a sense of hopeful fulfillment. This hopefulness is one of the major differences from the feeling of powerlessness that I recall from the past.”
Dr. Kazuo Hasegawa (2009)
Director Emeritus,Tokyo Dementia Care Research and Training Center
 “For me, the most notable and greater-than-expected effect of Aricept in Japanese society was the major change it spurred in the approach and awareness in dealing with dementia. Prior to the launch of Aricept, dementia was regarded as a symptom of aging. There was little awareness that this was a disease needing therapeutic intervention. The arrival of Aricept transformed this awareness. I believe this was a major turning point that led to efforts to overcome dementia with the involvement of not just medical practitioners, patients and caregivers but also with the participation of all citizens in Japan. The limitations of drug therapy with Aricept were also clearly demonstrated at the same time and this helped promote a wide acceptance of the importance of care for coping with peripheral symptoms (Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia (BPSD)).”
Dr. Shigeki Kuzuhara (2013)
Professor, Department of Medical Welfare, Faculty of Health Science, Suzuka University of Medical Science Professor Emeritus (Neurology), Mie University School of Medicine
Back then, however, dementia was still described in Japan as “senility”, and the understanding of this disease and its diagnostic methods had not adequately spread throughout society. Eisai was acutely aware that the environment surrounding dementia patients would never change just by providing Aricept. Acting on this recognition, Eisai proactively promoted a variety of initiatives to break through the status quo approach toward dementia.
First, Eisai repeatedly carried out disease education activities through civic forums and its website to raise awareness
for Alzheimer’s disease. To date, Eisai has held meetings
for dementia disease awareness on approximately 2,000 occasions in Japan and around 10,000 times globally. For dementia diagnosis, Eisai has actively worked to promote the
* MMSE (Mini Mental State Examination) was developed in the U.S. in 1974 for diagnosing dementia and other diseases. This is an examination mainly for measuring recall, calculation ability, language ability and orientation.
Supporting Community Building and Forming Partnership Agreements
 Having recognized the importance of activities that extend beyond the framework of providing pharmaceutical products, in 2008 Eisai started full-scale activities nationwide for supporting the “building of communities that coexist with dementia.” Community building requires the cooperation of medical and caregiving specialists, government administrations and local governments and community residents to realize patient-friendly communities. By convening study groups
and supporting interprofessional collaboration, Eisai has built relationships of trust with healthcare providers, caregivers and local governments, and supported community building.
In 2010, Eisai entered into a community development partnership with Asahi Ward in Yokohama city. This was the first agreement to support dementia patients in community level in Japan. Through this agreement, we have compiled
numerous achievements. These include implementing a community needs survey to formulate the Asahi Ward Welfare Plan; participating in the Home Medical Care Liaison Council; holding a study workshop with the Area Comprehensive Support Center and consulting doctors; and convening a study workshop for specialists. These achievements earned high acclaim and we expanded these partnership agreements to regions across Japan. As of the end of July 2017, partnership agreements for dementia had
been formed with 102 towns/
cities in Japan.
Signing ceremony for Dementia Cooperation Agreement with Mie Prefecture
 40
  
    Company Introduction Management Strategies
Developing the “Human Health Care (hhc) Solutions Business
— Aiming to Build the Foundation for a Society That Coexists with Dementia —
Value Creation Activities
 To further undertake activities that transcend the framework
of providing pharmaceuticals, from April 2016 Eisai has also been promoting business to provide solutions that satisfactorily respond to the issues faced by local governments for the purpose of establishing a social system which enables to coexist with dementia.
There are numerous unmet patient and family needs (clinical questions) at the front-lines of medical care. The aim of our hhc Solutions Business is to deeply consider these needs together with people from a variety of professions, beginning with healthcare providers, and continuously provide solutions to these needs. Eisai’s partnership agreement for dementia at 102 towns/cities across Japan fulfill a crucial role in the hhc Solutions Business. These dementia cooperation agreement partners exchange opinions with residents of their respective communities to discover various types of specific clinical questions. Additionally, Eisai established the Living Laboratory where a variety of stakeholders such as community residents, companies, governments, universities and medical institutions can participate. By repeatedly considering, developing and evaluating solutions at the Living Laboratory, Eisai aims for
the swift development of solutions that bring high outcomes (therapeutic effects and economic efficiency).
Eisai is also successively launching tools used in providing solutions, such as Hikari One Team SP and e-OKUSURI-SAN.
■Interprofessional collaboration cloud service Hikari One Team SP  In July 2016 we began providing interprofessional collaboration support cloud services that enable the timely sharing of patient information. (Sales:
NTT TechnoCross Corporation)
This is an image of the information to be shared
■Medication administration support device e-OKUSURI-SAN
 In January 2017, we launched medication administration support device
which inform the patients when it is time to take their medicine by “voices” and others. It is also equipped with a function to support looking after patients via cloud services.
■ Trends in treatment satisfaction levels and medicine contribution levels for Alzheimer’s disease
60% 40% 20%
      Reporter
Administration
Adverse event
Physical activity
Vital signs
     Doctor
      Nurse
     Pharmacist
      Care worker
     Care manager
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
      Family
    Goals of hhc Solution Business
Eisai has been undertaking various initiatives for dementia for a quarter of century. During the course of these initiatives, patients and their families as well as medical care and nursing care providers have told me personally: “Thanks for creating Aricept. I hope you can also create new treatments that close in on the cause of dementia.”
As our aspired company image for fiscal 2025, Eisai
will strive to become a Medico Societal Innovator. To do so, it will become increasingly important to contribute to “community-based health care that delivers safety and peace of mind” to patients and their families by providing new solutions in addition to satisfying patient needs in “prevention, cure and care” by developing next generation Alzheimer’s disease treatments.
We at the hhc Solutions Headquarters are striving to
fulfill our mission of “Aiming to establish a social system which enables to coexist with dementia through solving their problems
by providing solutions in real world in the dementia area for clinical questions found based on True Needs of patients and their families.”
Yoshiro Den
Senior Executive Director hhc Solutions Headquarters
  Raising Patient Satisfaction Levels
Approximately every five years since fiscal 1994, the Japan Health Sciences Foundation has implemented a questionnaire survey mainly targeting physicians that asks about treatment satisfaction levels and medicine contribution levels for
60 socially important diseases. According to this survey, treatment satisfaction levels and medicine contribution levels for Alzheimer’s disease are steadily rising even though these are still lower compared with other diseases. Eisai believes these increases are a manifestation of the positive results of Eisai’s activities centering on disease awareness activities and support for “community building” in addition to the provision of Aricept. Eisai will make its utmost efforts to further raise patient satisfaction levels.
■●
0% 20%
  41
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
0%▲
40% 60% Treatment satisfaction level
×
 ◆
Source: Japan Health Sciences Foundation, Fiscal 2015 Domestic Basic Technology Survey Report “Survey on Medical Care Needs for 60 Diseases and New Medical Care Needs II”
× FY2014 ◆ FY2010 ● FY2005 ■ FY2000 ▲ FY1994
Medicine contribution level

    Intellectual Capital
Global Brand in Neurology Area Antiepileptic Agent
Fycompa
First-in-class antiepileptic drug (AED) developed in-house
Fycompa (generic name: perampanel) is a highly selective, noncompetitive AMPA receptor antagonist that inhibits the action of the glutamate receptor subtype known as AMPA, thereby helping to control neuronal hyperexcitation.
 Approved Worldwide as an Adjunctive Treatment
Fycompa was launched in Europe in September 2012 and in the U.S. in January 2014 as an adjunctive treatment for partial- onset seizures with or without secondarily generalized seizures in epilepsy patients aged 12 years and older. Additionally, in June 2015, Eisai received approvals in the U.S. and Europe
for an indication expansion regarding the use of Fycompa as an adjunctive treatment of primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures.
In Japan, Fycompa was also launched as an adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures (including secondarily generalized seizures) or primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients with epilepsy showing inadequate response to other AEDs. Fycompa is currently approved in more than 55 countries and territories as an adjunctive treatment of partial- onset seizures and has also been approved in more than 45 countries for the adjunctive therapy of primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures.
When diagnosed with epilepsy, patients undergo monotherapy treatment with AED. In cases where the treatment’s efficacy on seizure control is inadequate, the
initial treatment can typically be replaced with a different monotherapy or combination therapy. However, approximately 30% of patients are unable to control their seizures with existing treatment options. Unmet needs for AEDs with novel mechanism of action still remain in patients with refractory epilepsy.
Fycompa has contributed to patients with epilepsy with a novel mechanism of action compared with existing AEDs.
Newly Approved as Monotherapy Use for Partial-onset Seizures in the U.S.
In July 2017, Eisai received approval for monotherapy use
for the treatment of partial-onset seizures (with or without secondarily generalized seizures) in the U.S. It is estimated that approximately 70% of patients with partial-onset seizures are undergoing monotherapy treatment (Eisai’s internal estimates). Eisai aims to further contribute to patients with epilepsy through benefits of Fycompa, which is approved as both adjunctive therapy and monotherapy use.
   Contribution to Patients with Epilepsy through Fycompa in Russia
Since Fycompa was introduced to the Russian market in 2014, a number of different projects have been carried out for the medical community and the population aiming at establishing Fycompa as a new standard of medical care for patients suffering from epilepsy and raising awareness of Eisai as a partner in the treatment of epilepsy.
Eisai initiated the creation of the Scientific and Practical Community of Epileptologists of Russia under the auspices of leading specialists in this field. This Community gathers on a regular basis to discuss the latest achievements in the treatment of epilepsy, share accumulated experience and review various aspects of the use of the innovative drug - Fycompa. Moreover, Eisai has been implementing a digital project with the All-Russian social medical network for doctors of the Russian Federation, providing distance education for healthcare professionals. As a result, this
innovative approach was used in the training of specialists to deliver information about the benefits of treating epilepsy with Fycompa to neurologists throughout the whole country.
Thanks to the complex of measures aimed at increasing the knowledge of the new drug, Fycompa, patients suffering from epilepsy in Russia now have a chance
to control the disease and improve their quality of life.
Olga Drepa
Fycompa Brand Director, Limited Liability Company Eisai (Russia)
  42
   
   Intellectual Capital
Global Brand in Neurology Area Antiobesity Agent
 BELVIQ
Discovered by Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., BELVIQ (lorcaserin HCI) is an antiobesity agent sold by Eisai. BELVIQ is thought to encourage a feeling of fullness by selectively activating serotonin 2C receptors in the brain.
  Launched in the U.S. in June 2013
BELVIQ was launched in the U.S. in June 2013 as an adjunct to a reduced-calorie diet and increased physical activity for chronic weight management in adult patients with an initial body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m2 or greater (obese), or 27 kg/m2 or greater (overweight) in the presence of at least one weight-related comorbid condition. Additionally, BELVIQ XR, a once-daily formulation of BELVIQ has been launched in the U.S. in October 2016. Eisai has received approval in Mexico in July 2016 (lorcaserin will be marketed in Mexico under the brand name VENESPRI). Eisai also received approval in Brazil in December 2016.
Obesity is a Major Global Health Problem More than two thirds of adults in the U.S. are overweight or obese
In recent years, obesity has emerged as one of the
world’s major health problems, with more than 1.4 billion adults worldwide believed to be overweight and in which approximately 500 million of this number are obese. By region, approximately 170 million people in the U.S. and around
150 million in Europe are believed to be either overweight
or obese, while approximately 100 million people in China
and approximately 25 million people in Japan fall into these categories (Eisai’s internal estimates).
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, over two thirds of adults in the U.S. are either overweight or obese, with the percentage of obese people more than doubling (from approx. 15% to 36%) between 1980 and 2010. Being obese or overweight may be accompanied by other comorbid conditions such as diabetes, hyperlipidemia and hypertension, therefore it is currently becoming a major social issue.
Acquired All Global Development and Marketing Rights for BELVIQ in January 2017
Eisai has reached an agreement with Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in January 2017 to revise the marketing and supply agreement it concluded with Arena for BELVIQ. Under the new agreement, Eisai becomes solely responsible for all decision- making and implementation related to global development
and submissions for regulatory approvals, as well as global marketing for BELVIQ. The previously negotiated financial terms such as purchase price based on net sales and regulatory and sales milestones to Arena have also been reduced and modified. In addition, a technology transfer will take place to allow Eisai to participate in the manufacture of BELVIQ. Eisai will also assume Arena’s exclusive distribution agreements with third-parties to develop and market BELVIQ in South Korea, Taiwan and Israel. Eisai will now serve as the third parties’ exclusive supplier and receive income in the form of payment for the supply of product to the distributors. By seeking to further the development of BELVIQ and to expand its availability to more patients, Eisai anticipates that the new agreement will give it greater freedom in its development and submission strategy, support its goal of making contributions to address unmet medical needs and increase the benefits for patients and their families worldwide.
Cardiovascular Outcomes Trial is Ongoing
Cardiovascular Outcomes Trial (CVOT) with an enrollment of approximately 12,000 patients is currently underway in several countries, including the U.S. This trial focuses on the incidence of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) (myocardial infarction, stroke or cardiovascular death), conversion to type-2 diabetes, and the incidence of MACE+ (MACE or hospitalization due to unstable angina or heart failure, or any coronary revascularization). With these results, Eisai will pursue the further potential of BELVIQ and strive to maximize its value.
    43
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
  
  Intellectual Capital Message from Corporate Officers in Charge of Oncology Area
Taking Maximum Advantage of Our Superior In-house Product Creation Ability
 Senior Vice President President, Oncology Business Group
Takashi Owa (Right)
Vice President Chief Medicine Creation Officer, Oncology Business Group, Chief Discovery Officer, Oncology Business Group
Terushige Iike (Left)
      Strengths
1. Ability to create products supported by superior organic synthetic chemistry and drug discovery science
2. Maximization of product value based on our Ricchi strategy which emphasizes competitive superiority and differentiation
3. Progress of pipeline (H3 Biomedicine Inc., ADC taskforce etc.)
Q : What are Eisai’s strengths in the area of Oncology?
A : Iike Our greatest strength is our ability to create products supported by superior organic synthetic chemistry and drug discovery science. In pharmaceutical R&D, finding innovative candidate compounds during
the basic research stage is of course very important. But equally important is the technology to efficiently synthesize the compound and link it to commercial production. In that sense, I think that Halaven was truly innovative, as it was created via the successful industrial synthesis of a natural product derivatives with a complex chemical structure; a groundbreaking achievement at the time.
■Retracing Halaven’s Discovery/Invention
 And it is through our superior drug discovery science that
Halichondrin B
Lenvima has a novel binding mode with target kinase and an FGFR and RET inhibitory effect. As a result, it was approved as a distinctive tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
Owa In order to develop Halaven, Eisai’s first in-house anticancer agent, there were several challenges that needed to be surmounted. The origin of Halaven goes back to the discovery of a natural product with antitumor properties called Halichondrin B, which was extracted from a marine sponge called Halichondria Okadai. However, Halichondrin B could only be obtained from the sponge in small amounts, so in order to provide a stable supply of a drug made from this class of compound, it was determined that an important milestone would be achieving total synthesis of the natural product and finding a structurally simple analog. For these two points, Professor Yoshito Kishi’s research group at Harvard University played a decisive role. Through joint research by Kishi’s laboratory and Eisai, it was determined that the right half of the Halichondrin analog exhibited
Halaven
(generic name: eribulin)
H2N
MeO
44
Weaknesses
1. Plans for the submission of Halaven and Lenvima successors are still midway
2. Delays in contributing to patients due to rapidly increasing competitive landscape
  Opportunities
1. Expansion of oncology market based on creation of high value-added drugs
2. Expansion of oncology market along with economic growth in developing and emerging countries
Threats
1. Launch of competitors’ innovative products
2. Increasing pressure to lower drug prices as governments
promote policies to reduce healthcare costs
 HOOOOH HO OHHHO HOH
HOOH OO
HO Me
Pharmaceutical optimization
MeOO
• Molecular weight: 826
• Chiral carbons: 19
• Total synthetic steps: 64
O
O O
OH
O O H
O H OH
extremely powerful antitumor activities, and this discovery lead to the creation of Halaven at the Eisai Research Institute in Andover. The total synthesis process of Halaven was established, consisting of over 60 steps, and this led to Halaven’s regulatory approval. This medicine creation process was an unprecedented series of challenges for us, but that is precisely why we can say that the creation of Halaven was a result of the passion and brilliance of Eisai researchers.
O
Me
O
O
The marine sponge
Halichondria okadai
 Halichondrin B
Me H HOOO
H H Me
   
    Company Introduction Management Strategies
■Summary of the results of the Phase III study of Lenvima for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma
  Lenvima Arm
 Sorafenib Arm
 Hazard Ratio
 OS Median (95%CI)
 13.6(12.1-14.9) months
 12.3(10.4-13.9) months
 0.92(0.79-1.06)
 PFS Median (95%CI)*
7.4(6.9-8.8) months
3.7(3.6-4.6) months
0.66(0.57-0.77)
 TTP Median (95%CI)*
 8.9(7.4-9.2) months
 3.7(3.6-5.4) months
 0.63(0.53-0.73)
 ORR Median (95%CI)*
 115 people (24%)
 44 people (9%)
   *P<0.00001
** Cheung A et al., the 53rd Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), (June 2017), Abstract No:4001
Lenvima was created from the high level fusion of the innovative and highly unique in vitro and in vivo model system established by the Tsukuba Research Laboratory biology team and an extremely intricate drug design by
the chemistry team. The project team didn’t just focus
on the creation of VEGF ( Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor) pathway inhibitors. Rather, their design concept was to look at the entire tumor angiogenesis process, and by inhibiting it, produce life extending effects in vivo. As a result, Lenvima has a unique mechanism of action which selectively inhibits both the kinases involved in maintaining the tumor microenvironment and the kinases involved in the proliferation of cancer cells, in a well-balanced way.
Iike Another one of our strengths is the maximization of product value based on our Ricchi strategy which emphasizes competitive superiority and differentiation. Indication expansion for our second in-house developed anticancer agent Lenvima is proceeding very smoothly. In 2015, we began marketing Lenvima for the treatment of thyroid cancer in Japan, the U.S., and Europe. In 2016, it was approved as a second-line treatment for advanced renal cell carcinoma in the U.S. and Europe. And in January 2017, a Phase III study of Lenvima against sorafenib as a first-
line treatment for patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma met its primary endpoint.
At present, sorafenib is the only first-line treatment for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma, and no other treatment has demonstrated non-inferiority against sorafenib in the past 10 years. However, after this long period of darkness, Lenvima is the light at the end of the tunnel. According to the results of the Phase III study, Lenvima met the statistical criteria for non-inferiority
of overall survival compared to sorafenib, and showed statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement for progression free survival, time to progression, and objective response rate. We have submitted applications for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma in Japan in June 2017, and in the U.S. and Europe in July 2017. We’re also planning to submit an application in China in the second half of fiscal 2017.
Q : What is the development status of next- generation products that will follow on from Halaven and Lenvima?
A : Iike Apart from expanding indications for Halaven and Lenvima, we would like to increase the number of late clinical stage projects. We have several promising next generation projects which we feel have potential equal to that of Halaven and Lenvima. These are currently in PhaseIstudies or in preparation to enter PhaseI, and we will continue to develop them.
Owa H3 Biomedicine Inc. is working on creating new cancer treatments leading to precision medicine, and their pipeline is extremely promising. By narrowing down targets such as cancer genomics and aberrant splicing, clinical studies can proceed over a shorter period, with fewer patients. There are two projects at the PhaseIstage (H3B- 8800, H3B-6527), and another in the preparation stage (H3B-6545) which is expected to enter PhaseIwithin fiscal 2017. By taking advantage of Boston’s location to secure diverse talent, and promoting revolutionary drug discovery projects rooted in human cancer genome information, H3 Biomedicine has been able to move several projects into the clinical phase in an extremely short period of time since their inception in 2010. This a noteworthy achievement.
■Pipeline of H3B Biomedicine Inc.
Furthermore, the development of Eisai’s first antibody- drug conjugate (ADC) is very important for our pipeline strategy. ADCs are next generation antibody drugs, in which antibody drugs and low molecular drugs (payloads) are chemically conjugated via a suitable linker. Antibody drugs have the advantage of high target selectivity and few side effects, but have a problem in that they can only act
on target molecules outside of a cell or cell membrane. On the other hand, improving the selectivity of low molecular drugs has been a constant issue, but due to membrane permeability, they have the advantage of being able to target substances such as proteins inside cells. ADCs are receiving much attention as a hybrid treatment in which antibody drugs and low molecular drugs are combined in a way
that they cover each other’s weakness and enhance each other’s strengths.
Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
  H3B-8800
Splicing modulator which includes chemical structure derived from natural products
 Currently conducting PhaseIstudy in hematological malignancies. Aiming to launch by fiscal 2020.
 H3B-6527 FGFR4 inhibitor
  Currently conducting PhaseIstudy in hepatocellular carcinoma. Aiming to launch by fiscal 2020.
 H3B-6545
First-in-class estrogen receptor antagonist
Plan to initiate PhaseIstudy in breast cancer in fiscal 2017. Aiming to launch shortly after fiscal 2020.
  45
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

 Eisai is currently developing an ADC, namely MORAb-202, which combines the antibody drug farletuzumab, developed with the antibody technology of our subsidiary Morphotek Inc., and eribulin (Halaven), a masterpiece of modern organic synthetic chemistry with a novel mechanism of action that impacts tumor microenvironment. Halaven was the only chemotherapeutic agent which demonstrated the extension of overall survival (OS) as monotherapy in large-scale clinical studies for the treatment of refractory breast cancer and soft tissue sarcoma, and its usage as payload is thought to be extremely useful. MORAb-202’s non-clinical data suggests excellent efficacy and safety profiles with dosage of only
one fifth of that of Halaven, so we have great expectations for its development. What’s more, the ADC project is not limited to a once-off with MORAb-202. Morphotek Inc. owns proprietary technologies for two different antibody site- specific conjugations in addition to diverse antibody drug candidates, and we believe that the future holds various possibilities, including the possibility of a contract research outsourcing business.
■Eisai’s First Antibody-Drug Conjugate (ADC) MORAb-202
This ADC is a combination of farletuzumab, an in-house discovered antibody currently in clinical development, and eribulin, a masterpiece of modern synthetic organic chemistry.
of progression free survival against the comparator,
and we think that there is sufficient evidence that it will
be competitive. But because Lenvima was granted the breakthrough therapy and priority review designation from the FDA and approved for this indication based on the results of the Phase II study, there are few doctors with prescription experience, and recognition of the combination therapy is low. We are currently strengthening measures
to counter these problems. First, we would like to improve the prescription ratio among patients for which other treatments have not produced sufficient results. To that end, it is important to not only raise our share of voice but also
to collaborate with medical and access organizations and
to create real world evidence. Additionally, we can expect increased recognition of Lenvima through the ongoing Phase III study for the first line treatment for renal cell carcinoma.
On the other hand, for the hepatocellular carcinoma,
we submitted for a first line and monotherapy treatment and based on head-to-head comparison with the existing product sorafenib. However, there is sufficient evidence obtained from PhaseIII study that it will potentially be the first choice. As such, we are expecting swift expansion after we receive regulatory approval.
Q : What are the opportunities / threats in the oncology area?
A : Iike It is thought that the creation of ground-breaking high value-added drugs such as antibodies and drugs leading to precision medicine will further expand the oncology market. In addition, we expect the market to expand along with economic growth in developing and emerging countries.
Owa The launch of innovative products by the competitors is a large threat, but not one that will necessarily take growth opportunities from us. Current anticancer treatment strategies often make use of combination therapies to obtain higher clinical effects, so if we can demonstrate
the scientific rationality of using our agents in combination with new products, then we can dramatically increase our growth potential. For Halaven and Lenvima, we are actively developing combination therapies with anti-PD1 antibodies and molecular targeted drugs (For further details, please refer to page 48). The key in this case is to demonstrate rational combination mechanisms in both clinical and non- clinical studies.
Iike With social welfare costs rising globally, many governments around the world are implementing policies to reduce healthcare costs, and as a result, there is increasing pressure to lower drug prices, which is a threat to our business. High priced anticancer agents are appearing one after another on the market, so setting reasonable prices
is a very important issue for us. We feel that drug prices should be determined based on the fundamental value that they provide to patients. We are striving to create drugs that bring true value to patients, but at the same time, we believe that the value of innovation should also be appropriately reflected in the price.
   Antibody farletuzumab
Farletuzumab is internalized into the cells.
  Linker
Cleaved by enzyme in the cell
  Payload* eribulin
・Unique mechanism of action of natural derived products targeting cancer micro environment.
・Does not form aggregates due to its high water solubility.
 *The agent to bind antibody through linker
Q : Are there any marketing challenges for the
expansion of Lenvima?
A : Iike With regard to the second line treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma, the largest market is the U.S., but due to intensifying competition following the emergence of anti-PD1 antibodies, we have not been able to make our planned contributions to patients yet. However, the combination therapy of Lenvima and everolimus is the only second line treatment for unresectable or metastatic renal cell carcinoma to demonstrate a significant extension
 46

  Intellectual Capital
2 “Ricchi” and Ongoing Projects in Oncology Area Establishment of a new technology platform and continuous creation of innovative programs
     Ricchi 1 Cancer Microenvironment
The periphery of cancer cells is surrounded by tissue called stroma. In the stroma, connective tissues including immune cells, inflammatory cells, tumor vessels, lymphatic vessels and collagen, form a distinctive structure called the cancer microenvironment. Halaven is reported to have unique mechanisms of action in the cancer microenvironment including an effect that inhibits cell division while promoting the epithelial state of breast cancer cells. Meanwhile, Lenvima is known to demonstrate an anti-tumor effect and inhibit angiogenesis in the cancer microenvironment.
■ Mesenchymal Cells and Stromal Cells (Cell Differentiation and Cancer Stemness)
Eisai possesses technological capabilities cultivated in the development of Halaven for synthesizing highly complex compounds as well as diverse natural product-based compound libraries. We have also developed research tools that include bio-imaging technologies for performing image analyses of the protein distribution in tissue and organisms as well as super immune-deficient mouse models implanted with human tissue samples.
Furthermore, as an approach to cancer stem cells, which are thought to be a cause of cancer relapse and metastasis, we are establishing animal models and cell-based evaluation systems to investigate cell differentiation, epigenetic control, and tumor metabolism. In addition, our subsidiary Morphotek Inc. possesses antibody technology and unique site- specific conjugation technology.
■ Vascular Endothelial Cells (Abnormal Tumor Vessels)
Eisai possesses original diverse small molecule libraries targeting kinases cultivated through the development of Lenvima at the Tsukuba Research Laboratories. We have also retained biomarkers from clinical samples in order to identify new molecular targets involved in abnormal tumor vessels in the cancer microenvironment and drug resistant mechanisms.
■ Myeloid Cells (Immunosuppressive Myeloid Lineage)
It is believed that a prostaglandin acting on its receptor
induces the promotion of immunosuppression and immune
inflammation. Toll-like receptor is a pattern-recognition
receptor that recognizes aberrations in living systems, such
as viruses, bacteria and malignant tumors, and transmits
signals to lymphocytes. It is believed to control the immunoregulatory mechanism that maintains the immunological system. Eisai possesses unique compound libraries related to prostaglandin and toll-like receptors, a combination of cellular and non-cellular based assays, and an evaluation system to evaluate myeloid cell-mediated cancer immunity.
Ricchi 2 Cancer Cells Driver Gene Mutation and Aberrant Splicing in Cancer Cells
Established in 2010, H3 Biomedicine Inc. has built a cutting-
edge cancer genome platform to identify and evaluate
genes which play an important role in the occurrence and
progression of cancer (cancer driver genes), genes which
have already developed drug resistance to anticancer agents,
and target genes which cause aberrant splicing. Additionally,
as a “splicing platform”, they possess libraries for compounds which regulate splicing as well as a unique screening system to identify compounds that target abnormal protein (splicing variants) which is caused by incorrect order or different patterns in splicing. They aim to obtain approvals within a short timeframe through a fast and unique decision making scheme to ascertain chemical compound potential and target molecules, based on human biology.
* For details on aberrant splicing, please refer to page 94.
 Main Ongoing Projects
•MORAb-202, an Antibody Drug Conjugate (ADC) based on a combination of farletuzumab and Halaven
•Halichondrin origin
 Main Ongoing Projects
•Lenvima and anti-PD-1 therapy pembrolizumab
combination regimen
•Lenvima and everolimus combination regimen *For details, please refer to page 48.
 Main Ongoing Project
•EP4 Antagonist E7046
*EP4: A receptor of the prostaglandin E2 receptor 4 family
  47
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Main Ongoing Projects
•FGFR4 inhibitor H3B-6527
•Splicing modulator H3B-8800 •Estrogen receptor antagonist H3B-6545
  
      Intellectual Capital
Global Brand in Oncology Area Anticancer Agent/Molecular Targeted Agent
Lenvima
In-house developed multiple receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with a novel binding mode that selectively inhibits the kinase activities
Lenvima (generic name: lenvatinib) is an in-house developed selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor with a novel binding mode that shows anticancer effects by specifically inhibiting the actions of three molecules, VEGFR, FGFR and RET, as an anticancer molecular targeted agent.
 Contribution to Patients with Thyroid Cancer and Renal Cell Carcinoma around the World
In February 2015, Lenvima was launched successively for use in the treatment of thyroid cancer in the U.S. It has been approved for thyroid cancer in over 50 countries.
Eisai received approval for an additional indication in combination with everolimus for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma following one prior anti- angiogenic therapy in the U.S. in May and in Europe in September 2016 (product name in Europe: Kisplyx).
Globally Submitted for the Treatment of Hepatocellular Carcinoma
Eisai submitted an application for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma in Japan in June, in the U.S. and Europe in July 2017. Liver cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related death and is estimated to be responsible
for approximately 750,000 deaths per year globally, with approximately 780,000 cases newly diagnosed each year*. There is a large regional difference, about 80% of new cases occurring in Asian regions, including China and Japan. Hepatocellular carcinoma accounts for 85% to 90% of liver cancer. Hepatocellular carcinoma is associated with chronic liver disease, in particular cirrhosis. Major causes of cirrhosis include hepatitis B virus and hepatitis C virus. However, according to
a recent investigation, non-B/non-C hepatocellular carcinoma is on the rise. Surgery is the first option for treatment, however patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma who are not amenable for potentially curative therapeutic interventions, are often difficult to treat. Additionally, solafenib is currently the only approved medicine, sorafenib, for frontline treatment of these patients, underscoring a great unmet medical need.
* GLOBOCAN2012: Estimated Cancer Incidence, Mortality and Prevalence Worldwide in 2012. http://globocan.iarc.fr/
■Development status of Lenvima
Aim to Expand Contribution to Patients through Development of Combination Therapies
Eisai is currently undertaking Phase III studies for two combination therapies with the anti-PD-1 therapy pembrolizumab or everolimus for first-line treatment for renal cell carcinoma. Also, PhaseI/II studies for combination therapies with the anti-PD-1 therapy pembrolizumab for solid tumors (renal cell carcinoma, endometrial cancer, melanoma, head and neck cancer, bladder cancer, and non-small cell lung cancer) are ongoing.
 Eisai aims to maximize the value of Lenvima and expand contribution to patients.
   Liver cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related death
Mortality related to cancer
 ■ Lung cancer
■ Liver cancer
■ Stomach cancer
■ Colorectal cancer
■ Breast cancer
■ Esophageal cancer
■ Pancreas cancer 8.5% ■ Other cancers
 39.0%
19.4%
9.1% 8.8%
4.0% 6.4% 4.9%
     Combination therapy with anti-
PD-1 therapy pembrolizumab
(Target cancer types: renal cell carcinoma, endometrial cancer, melanoma, head and neck cancer, bladder cancer, and non-small cell lung cancer)
  Thyroid cancer
  First line treatment for renal cell carcinoma
(Combination therapy with pembrolizumab or everolimus)
  Second line treatment for
renal cell carcinoma
(Combination therapy with everolimus)
    Biliary tract cancer (Japan)
Hepatocellular carcinoma
      PhaseI/II study Phase II study Phase III study Submission Approval 48
   
 Global Brand in Oncology Area
Anticancer agent / microtubule dynamics inhibitor
Halaven
In-house developed anticancer agent derived from natural product
Halaven (generic name: eribulin) is a halichondrin class microtubule dynamics inhibitor with a novel mechanism of action. Halaven is a synthetic analog of halichondrin B derived from the marine sponge Halichondria okadai that shows an antitumor effect by arresting the cell cycle through inhibition of the growth of microtubules. It has been reported that recent non-clinical studies show novel mechanisms of action that include improving vascular perfusion in tumors, inducing cell epithelization in breast cancer cells and reducing the metastatic potential of breast cancer cells.
  Intellectual Capital
   Worldwide Contribution to Patients with Breast Cancer and Soft Tissue Sarcoma
Halaven was launched for the indication of metastatic breast cancer*1 in the U.S. in November 2010. It has subsequently been approved for use in the treatment of breast cancer in more than 60 countries, including in Japan, the U.S., Europe and Asia. Additionally, Halaven was approved for soft tissue sarcoma*2 in the U.S. in January 2016 and has subsequently been approved in more than 40 countries.
Breast cancer is one of the most common types of cancer among women worldwide. It is estimated that approximately one million women are newly diagnosed with breast cancer each year, approximately 40% of which will go on to develop locally advanced or metastatic disease. As the incidence rate starts to rise when women are in their thirties, with a peak incidence among women in their late forties or early fifties, breast cancer poses a compelling problem.
Soft tissue sarcoma is a collective term for a diverse group of malignant tumors that occur throughout the soft tissue (including fat, muscle, nerves, fibrous tissues and blood vessels). While treatment of soft tissue sarcoma is focused on curative surgery, if the stage of the disease is advanced, treatment then becomes a combination of chemotherapy and radiation therapy. As outcomes are relatively poor for patients with advanced soft tissue sarcoma, it remains a disease with significant unmet medical need.
Halaven is the chemotherapy confirmed to prolong overall survival (OS) as monotherapy in multiple large- scale clinical studies in metastatic breast cancer
and advanced soft tissue sarcoma. Eisai aims to expand contribution to patients with breast cancer and soft tissue sarcoma through delivering the importance of prolonged overall survival (OS) confirmed in clinical studies.
 *1 Indications vary in each country or territory. Unresectable or recurrent breast cancer in Japan, third-line+ therapy for locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer in the US, and second-line+ therapy for locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer in EU
*2 Approved indication in the U.S. and EU: advanced liposarcoma. Approved indication in Japan: soft tissue sarcoma
■Approved Indications of Halaven
  Breast cancer
Approved in
more than 60 countries
Soft tissue sarcoma
Approved in
more than 40 countries
 Providing Solutions along with Product Information
—Toward realization of “Community Networking” aiming at a society that coexist with cancer —
Since Halaven was launched in July 2011 in Japan, I have been communicating with physicians and medical staffs about proper use of the product.
I believe that the goal of Eisai’s medical representative is not only providing drug information to physicians and pharmacists, but also providing solutions, taking initiatives in “Community Networking” for patients, and improving Quality of Life (QOL) of patients and their family, together with physicians and medical staffs. I have been involved in various projects so far. I created a booklet to enhance breast cancer screening to achieve early detection
and improve screening rate, which were issues many communities needed to resolve. I also arranged the meetings for interprofessional collaboration (physicians,
nurses, pharmacists, clinical phycologists, social workers and others) toward improvement of patient care. I am willing to provide integrated support, covering treatment to care through delivering product information and providing solutions for issues surrounding patients with cancer, as a member of Eisai Oncology sales team.
Takuya Kagawa
Oncology Tokyo Medical District Department, Regional Cooperation Shuto-Ken (Tokyo Metropolitan) Headquarters, Eisai Japan
  49
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
  
   Intellectual Capital
Global Drug Creation Activities
   A Drug Creation (R&D) Framework Within an End-to-End Business Group Structure
 Having identified neurology and oncology as areas of focus, Eisai aims to find its “Ricchi” as a front runner tackling diseases for which treatments are yet to
be fully established. By actively concentrating R&D resources in these areas, Eisai continues to dedicate itself to discovering new and highly effective treatments. In April 2016, Eisai established a new end-to-end business group, covering functions from R&D to sales. The company has also restructured its drug creation framework into four divisions: Neurology Business Group (NBG), Oncology Business Group (OBG), Medicine Development Center (MDC) and hhc Data Creation Center (hDAC).
■Eisai’s Drug Creation System Drug Creation System by 4 divisions
Neuro Business Group
Discovery/Development Clinical
Medicine Development Center
Oncology Business Group
Medical
Medical
Commercial
Commercial
Strategy/Planning
Strategy/Planning
              Discovery/Development hhc Data Creation Center
Clinical
NBG and OBG each have their own strategic divisions, including functions ranging from drug discovery to commercial and business development (license-in/out), and are structured to be able to make quick decisions and nurture scientific acumen. MDC meanwhile provides a basic platform for drug creation through providing essential technology and support in areas such
as non-clinical safety, pharmacokinetics, CMC (chemistry, manufacturing, control), pharmaceutical regulations and clinical development support. hDAC serves as a big data center, using AI (artificial intelligence) and other advanced analytical technologies to assess clinical and non-clinical data from internal and external sources, with the aim of enabling new drug creation research underpinned by ICT-driven innovation.
Eisai’s Drug Discovery, Research and Development Sites Worldwide
Eisai carries out drug discovery research, drug development research and clinical research throughout the world. Eisai pursues innovative new drug creation by promoting the exchange of various knowledge and ideas from around the world.
         European Knowledge Centre
Drug discovery research and clinical research (U.K.)
Koishikawa Knowledge Center
Clinical research (Tokyo, Japan)
Tsukuba Research Laboratories
Drug discovery and
development research (Ibaraki, Japan)
H3 Biomedicine Inc.
Drug discovery research (U.S.)
Eisai Inc. Andover innovative Medicines Institute
Drug discovery and development research (U.S.)
     Eisai China Inc.
Clinical research (China)
EA Pharma Co., Ltd.
     Knowledge Centre, India
Drug development research (India)
Clinical research (Tokyo, Japan)
EA Pharma Co., Ltd. Research Institute
Drug discovery and development research (Kanagawa, Japan)
Eisai Clinical Research Singapore Pte. Ltd.
       KAN Research Institute, Inc.
Drug discovery research (Kobe, Japan)
Kawashima Laboratory
Drug development research (Gifu, Japan)
Clinical research (Singapore)
Kashima Laboratory
Drug development research (Ibaraki, Japan)
Eisai Inc.
Clinical research (U.S.)
Morphotek, Inc.
Drug discovery and development research, clinical research (U.S.)
50
  
   Company Introduction Management Strategies
According to a study* published by Tufts University in the U.S., the total
cost required to develop a single drug was estimated at around $2.6 billion (approximately ¥290 billion) during the period from 2000 to 2010 and has increased at a phenomenal rate over the last decade. This is further proof that developing pharmaceuticals is becoming increasingly difficult every year.
Eisai puts creation of new drugs right at the heart of innovation and actively invests around 20% of consolidated revenue into R&D. Since fiscal 2009, Eisai has been selecting and focusing on priority projects and making the most of proactive partnerships to improve R&D productivity and efficiency, resulting in a reduction in R&D expenditure per approval. However, amid accelerating development of next-generation flagship drugs, spending has started to increase gradually since fiscal 2015.
■R&D expenditure per approval
(Moving average for five years, including indication
expansions, additional formulations, etc.)
Value Creation Activities
Reviews by the Eisai Scientific Advisory Board (ESAB)
Eisai set up ESAB, consisting of world-renowned scientific advisors, in 2007 with the aim of improving the quality of drug creation activities. ESAB meetings are held regularly and attended by the CEO and members of the leadership team concerned with drug creation. This enables ongoing discussions regarding subjects such as project reviews and the validity of research plans, backed up by the very latest scientific insight.
Reducing R&D Expenditure per Approval through Targeted Projects and Partnerships
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
  (Billions of yen)
40 30
20 10 0
18 17 16 18
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016(FY)
     26
20
21
  * Journal of Health Economics 47 (2016) 20–33
Recruiting Human Resources and Developing Skills for Drug Creation
 Eisai employs a diverse range of human resources, regardless of nationality, to carry out drug creation activities at its facilities around the world.
The most important aspect of drug creation is creating drugs that contribute to patients as quickly as possible. A key motivating factor toward achieving that is spending time in socialization with patients. This is something that Eisai is committed to putting into practice, with the aim of motivating employees to contribute to patients and developing new drugs as quickly as possible.
Eisai also implements the following programs designed to improve the skills of human resources working on drug creation and increase motivation.
•International assignment program (mainly for young researchers in Japan)
This program is aimed at improving experience and knowledge of global drug creation activities. We extend overseas study opportunities to an additional one or two employees every year and regularly assign employees to work at overseas facilities on a short-term or medium- to long-term basis.
•Tsukuba Hakunetsu Seminars at Tsukuba Research Laboratories (one hour a week)
This is a series of in-house seminars that give speakers from various age groups the chance to talk passionately about a range of subjects, including the latest technologies, their personal experiences as a researcher and new ventures. Exchanging knowledge between participants not only boosts motivation, but also produces concrete results, including technical partnerships and operational improvements.
•Cross-divisional leader training (E-GOLD, E-ACE, etc.) *For details, please refer to page 20. •Unique incentive scheme to reward innovation
Ethical and Transparent Drug Creation Activities
The Eisai Group carries out pharmaceutical R&D while maintaining a high sense of ethics based on the hhc corporate philosophy, complying with the spirit of the Declaration of Helsinki, various regulations in each country, international standards including ICH-GCP (standards for undertaking clinical trials of drugs), as well as with all relevant regulations, standards and human
rights. Furthermore, Eisai has internally established a Research Ethics Review Committee and Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee to give thorough consideration to morality and the well-being of animals in our research, respectively.
Especially in clinical research, Eisai adheres to ICH-GCP, obtains informed consent from patients and conducts clinical research in accordance with the regulatory requirements of each country, internal standards as well as trial implementation protocols. Furthermore, when choosing contract research organizations (CRO) to outsource various kinds of work relating to clinical trials, Eisai conducts audits beforehand, and according to the Eisai Group’s policy and standards, continuously assesses CRO activities and takes responsibility for their management. In addition, from fiscal 2015, the Eisai Group determined its “Policy on Clinical Trial Data Access and the Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information”, and promotes the responsible sharing of clinical trial data to facilitate advances in medicine and chemistry.
For detailed information, please access the following pages on our website.
 Research Ethics Review Committee
Promoting animal testing that takes into account animal welfare Clinical Trial Data Disclosure
Compliance Handbook
▶ http://www.eisai.com/responsibility/genome.html
▶ http://www.eisai.com/responsibility/research.html
▶ http://www.eisai.com/research/clinical/policy.html
▶ http://www.eisai.com/corporatemission/compliance.html
51
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
36

     Intellectual Capital
Neurology Area Major R&D Pipeline (As of the end of July 2017)
   Target Disease
Development Stage
       Region
PhaseI
Phase II
Phase III
Filed
      Aricept donepezil/E2020 Treatment for Alzheimer’s disease/dementia with Lewy bodies In-house Oral agent
Severe Alzheimer’s disease (Additional indication)
Regression symptoms in people with Down Syndrome (Additional indication)
*For further details, please refer to page 12.
Monotherapy use for the partial-onset seizures (Additional indication)
Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (Additional indication)
Pediatric epilepsy (Additional indication)
*For further details, please refer to pages 12 and 42.
lemborexant/E2006 Dual orexin receptor antagonist In-house Oral agent
China
Japan
U.S. Japan
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Approved
         February 2015
            Fycompa perampanel/E2007 Antiepileptic agent/AMPA receptor antagonist In-house Oral agent
       July 2017
                         Description: By antagonizing the orexin receptors that are involved in the regulation of sleep and awakening, it is expected to alleviate wakefulness and thereby induce and maintain natural sleep.
     Insomnia disorder (Co-development with Purdue Pharma L.P.)
Irregular sleep-wake rhythm disorder associated with Alzheimer’s disease dementia (Co- development with Purdue Pharma L.P.)
Early Alzheimer’s disease (Co-development with Biogen Inc.)
*Generic name for E2609. The generic name is not yet fixed at this time. *For further details, please refer to page 37.
Alzheimer’s disease (Co-development with Biogen Inc.)
*For further details, please refer to page 37.
Obesity
*For further details, please refer to pages 12 and 43.
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Japan/U.S.
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Japan
               elenbecestat*/E2609 Anti-Alzheimer's agent /Beta secretase cleaving enzyme (BACE) inhibitor In-house Oral agent
             BAN2401 Anti-Alzheimer's agent/Anti-Aβprotofibrils monoclonal antibody In-license (BioArctic AB) Injection
           BELVIQ lorcaserin/APD356 Anti-obesity agent/serotonin 2C receptor agonist In-license (Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) Oral agent
         safinamide/ME2125 Anti-Parkinson's disease agent/MAO-B inhibitor In-license (Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd.) Oral agent
Description: A selective monoamine oxidase B (MAO-B) inhibitor, which reduces the degradation of secreted dopamine, helping to maintain the density of dopamine in the brain. Additionally, it blocks sodium ion channels and inhibits glutamate release, and as such, has potential as a new Parkinson's disease treatment which possesses both dopaminergic and non-dopaminergic mechanisms.
Parkinson’s disease Japan
E6011 Anti-fractalkine antibody In-house Injection
Description: The world's first humanized anti-fractalkine monoclonal antibody discovered by Eisai subsidiary KAN Research Institute Inc. Believed to exert an anti-inflammatory effect by neutralizing fractalkine. Fractalkine is found in vascular endothelial cells and induces an inflammatory response associated with diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease.
                    Rheumatoid arthritis
Primary biliary cholangitis (development conducted by EA Pharma)
Crohn’s disease (development conducted by EA Pharma)
*For further details to seek potential indication of Alzheimer’s disease, please refer to page 35.
Alzheimer’s disease
Japan
Japan
Japan
U.S.
              E2027 In-house Oral agents
         E2730 In-house Oral agents
    Epilepsy
U.S.
   52

    Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
   Intellectual Capital
Oncology Area Major R&D Pipeline (As of the end of July 2017)
  Target Disease
Development Stage
      Region
PhaseI
Phase II
Phase III
Filed
Approved
       Halaven eribulin/E7389 Anticancer agent/microtubule dynamics inhibitor In-house Injection
       Resubmission under preparation
              Breast cancer
Bladder cancer (Additional indication)
Triple negative breast cancer (in combination with anti-PD1 therapy pembrolizumab) (Co-development with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA)
HER2-negative breast cancer (in combination with PEGPH20) (Co-development with Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc.)
Liposome formulation (Additional formulation)
*For further details, please refer to pages 13 and 49 Thyroid cancer
Renal cell carcinoma/First-line (Additional indication) (in combination with everolimus or anti- PD1 therapy pembrolizumab)
China
U.S./Europe
U.S.
U.S.
Japan/Europe
China
U.S./Europe
Japan U.S./Europe
China/Asia
Japan/U.S./ Europe/Asia
Japan
U.S.
Japan
Japan
In-house Injection
Japan/U.S./ Europe
            Lenvima/Kisplyx lenvatinib/E7080 Anticancer agent/molecular targeted drug In-house Oral agent
             June 2017
    July 2017
    Submission under preparation
                        Hepatocellular carcinoma (Additional indication)
Non-small cell lung cancer (RET translocations) (Additional indication)
Biliary tract cancer (Additional indication)
Select solid tumors (Endometrial cancer, renal cell carcinoma, head and neck cancer, urothelial cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, melanoma) (in combination with anti-PD1 therapy pembrolizumab) (Co-development with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA)
           Select solid tumors (Hepatocellular carcinoma, endometrial cancer etc.) (in combination with anti-PD1 therapy pembrolizumab) (Co-development with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA)
Renal cell carcinoma/Second-line (Additional indication) (in combination with everolimus)
*For further details, please refer to pages 13 and 48
farletuzumab/MORAb-003 Anticancer agent/humanized anti-FRA monoclonal antibody
Description: A humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody that targets folate receptor alpha (FRA). Expected to show an antitumor effect against cancers that over-express FRA.
            Platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer
      MORAb-004 Anticancer agent/humanized anti-endosialin monoclonal antibody In-house Injection
Description: A humanized lgG1 monoclonal antibody that targets Tumor Endothelial Marker 1 (TEM-1)/endosialin. Expected to show an antitumor effect against cancers that express endosialin.
Melanoma U.S./Europe
amatuximab/MORAb-009 Anticancer agent/chimeric anti-mesothelin monoclonal antibody In-house Injection
Description: A chimeric IgG1 monoclonal antibody that targets mesothelin. Expected to show an antitumor effect against cancers that express mesothelin.
Mesothelioma U.S./Europe
E7777 Anticancer agent/interleukin-2 diphtheria toxin fusion protein In-house Injection
Description: A fusion protein that combines the interleukin-2 (IL-2) receptor binding domain with diphtheria toxins. Specifically binds to IL-2 receptors on the cell surface, causing diphtheria toxins that have entered cells to inhibit protein synthesis.
                              Peripheral T-cell lymphoma and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Solid tumors
Solid tumors
Solid tumors
Hepatocellular carcinoma
Blood cancer
Non-Hodgkin B-cell lymphoma
Japan
Japan
U.S.
U.S./Europe
U.S.
U.S./Europe
Japan
      E7090 In-house Oral agent
         MORAb-066 In-license (Janssen Biotech, Inc.) Injection
         E7046 In-house Oral agent
         H3B-6527 In-house Oral agent
         H3B-8800 In-house Oral agent
         E7438 In-license (Epizyme, Inc.) Oral agent
         E7386 Collaboration (PRISM Pharma Co., Ltd.) Oral agent
    Solid tumors
Europe
   53
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

    Intellectual Capital
Gastrointestinal Disease Area
Major R&D Pipeline (As of the end of July 2017)
    Target Disease
          Maintenance therapy for proton pump inhibitor (PPI)-resistant reflux esophagitis10 mg twice Japan daily (Additional dosage and administration) (Joint development with EA Pharma)
budesonide/AJG511 Ulcerative colitis treatment/locally-active steroid In-license (Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH) Enema agent
Description: The first rectal foam product in Japan containing budesonide as active ingredient. Budesonide is a locally-active steroid and, thus, is expected to reduce systemic side effects. In addition, AJG511 is a foam type product that can reach the inflamed sites of rectum and sigmoid colon by rectal administration, and has a characteristic feature of preventing leakage after administration. Budesonide rectal foam is already available on the market in Europe.
Ulcerative colitis (Joint development by EA Pharma and Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) Japan
elobixibat/AJG533 Chronic constipation treatment/bile acid transporter inhibitor In-license (Albireo Pharma, Inc.) Oral agent
Description: An orally available constipation treatment having a novel action mechanism. AJG533 inhibits the bile acid transporter that regulates reabsorption of bile acids and thereby increases spontaneous colonic motility.
                October 2016
                  February 2017
  Chronic constipation
(Joint development by EA Pharma and Mochida Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.)
Japan
     carotegrast methyl/AJM300 Ulcerative colitis treatment / α4 integrin antagonist In-house Oral agent
Description: α4 integrin antagonist with a novel mechanism of action believed to suppress adhesion and infiltration of lymphocytes. Aiming to be marketed as
  the first orally-available α4 integrin antagonist in the world to be effective in ulcerative colitis. Ulcerative colitis (Joint development by EA Pharma and Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) Japan
AJG555 Chronic constipation treatment/polyethylene glycol preparation In-license (Norgine B.V.) Oral agent
Description: An orally available constipation treatment consisting of a polyethylene glycol preparation which facilitates bowel movement by suppressing osmotic pressure in the intestines.
Chronic constipation (Development conducted by EA Pharma) Japan
Livact Granules isoleucine, leucine and valine granules Branched-chain amino acid formula In-house Oral agent
Description: A branched-chain amino acid formula developed by Ajinomoto that increases serum albumin levels in patients with decompensated hepatic cirrhosis. Approved in Japan for “improvement of hypoalbuminemia in patients with decompensated hepatic cirrhosis that have hypoalbuminemia despite adequate dietary intake”, and marketed by EA Pharma.
Hypoalbuminemia (Co-development with EA Pharma) China
E6007 Ulcerative colitis treatment/integrin activation inhibitor In-house Oral agent
Description: A compound with a novel mechanism of action that is believed to suppress the adhesion and infiltration by multiple leukocyte types by inhibiting integrin activation. Development is conducted jointly with the University of Tsukuba as an industry-academia practical application project under the Japan Science and Technology Agency.
                               Ulcerative colitis (Development conducted by EA Pharma)
Inflammatory bowel disease (Development conducted by EA Pharma)
Research and development activity in gastrointestinal disease area is mainly conducted by EA Pharma, a consolidated subsidiary of Eisai. EA Pharma is a gastrointestinal specialty pharma established in April 2016, in consolidation of gastrointestinal disease area, which Eisai groups have focused on over 60 years, and Ajinomoto Co., Inc.’s pharmaceutical business with amino acid as a core with a full value chain, namely research and development, production and logistics, and sales and marketing functions.
Development pipeline progressed steadily with a focus on inflammatory bowel disease area in FY2016.
Japan
Japan
     54
Region
PhaseI
Development Stage
Phase II
Phase III
Filed
October 2016
Approved
       Pariet/AcipHex rabeprazole/E3810 Proton pump inhibitor (PPI) In-house Oral agent
                                 E6130 Inflammatory bowel disease In-house Oral agent
      EA Pharma Research Laboratory in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan
 
  Intellectual Capital
Intellectual Property Strategies
  Protection and Reinforcement of Intellectual Property
The legal protection and effective utilization of products and technologies we develop are essential for the sustained growth and advancement of Eisai, and for Eisai to continue to provide a stable supply of pharmaceuticals to patients. Therefore, we pursue a number of strategic intellectual property activities and strategies related to our product portfolio and product creation operations.
1. Intellectual Property Activities
The Intellectual Property Department has stationed persons responsible for intellectual property at Eisai’s R&D facilities around
the world and conducts activities globally relating to patents, trademarks, designs and copyrights while working closely with
each Group of the R&D department. Furthermore, the filing of patent applications, acquisition of rights and prior art searches are carried out through close collaboration with R&D and business divisions. In addition, when Eisai introduces new technologies and promising new candidate compounds, it cooperates with relevant organizations and emphasizes the steadfast protection of patent rights while ensuring compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
2. Drug Creation Activities and Intellectual Property Strategies
Besides exclusivity that protects prescription pharmaceutical candidate investigational compounds, for discoveries such as active ingredient applications, manufacturing methods, formulations and intermediates as well, the Intellectual Property Department cooperates closely with the R&D department to ensure that pharmaceutical products are properly protected after launch and focuses on strategic patent applications and the acquisition of rights. We aim for optimal patent portfolio management that also includes screening methods and biomarker measurement in drug creation activities.
Additionally, Eisai places high importance on patent searches of other companies in its intellectual property strategies and also gives sufficient consideration to respecting the rights of third parties.
3. Contributions to Licensing-related Activities
Rather than simply looking to third-party licensing fees on patents as a revenue source, we strive to create a strong patent portfolio that will contribute to our business.
Regarding the possible use of treatments for diseases occurring specifically in areas with inconvenient access to medicines, we plan to proactively out-license our patents. For neglected tropical diseases (NTDs), in particular, we are striving to conduct the most efficient research on drug discovery by opening up our patent portfolio externally, sharing goals and commitment with a wide range of partner organizations and combining ideas, technologies and knowledge.
4. Number of Registered Patents
To protect the outcome of our drug creation activities, we diligently file patent applications in Japan and overseas. At the same time, to efficiently manage resources, we carefully evaluate the strategic importance of each inventive discovery and determine whether to file patents abroad and, if so, how many and in which country to file them.
5. Trademarks
■Number of Patent Applications
 Fiscal 2014
Fiscal 2015
Fiscal 2016
87
65
55
 Eisai develops product names for all pharmaceuticals that are protected by trademark rights, and implements brand strategies throughout the world in collaboration with the Marketing Division.
 For further details:
Eisai’s perspective on intellectual property rights and access to medicines
http://www.eisai.com/company/atm/approach/06.html
Providing intellectual properties on a royalty-free basis through a global consortium sponsored by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) to boost research and development on neglected tropical disease treatments
http://www.eisai.com/company/atm/activities/13.html
55
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
  
   Human Capital
Global Marketing Organization
Expand activities beyond developed countries such as Japan, the U.S. and Europe to emerging and developing countries
  Eisai’s marketing activities have expanded beyond developed countries such as Japan, the U.S. and Europe to emerging and developing countries. Under the lead of the Neurology Business Group and Oncology Business Group, Eisai creates synergies between its global brand strategies and local marketing in each region ( Japan, Americas, China, Asia and EMEA ) to contribute to patients.
   ■Revenue by Reporting Segment in FY2016 Other Businesses
9.0 billion yen (1.7%)
EMEA
37.8 Asia billion
■Number of Employees by Region as of the end of FY2016
        34.7 yen (7.0%)
EMEA
983 (9.4%)
Consolidated Number
of Employees
10,452
 billion yen (6.4%)
Asia
1,231 (11.8%)
Americas
1,320 (12.6%)
      China
49.3 billion yen (9.1%)
Americas
Consolidated Revenue
Japan
5,009 (47.9%)
  539.1billionyen Japan
 Oveseas Revenue Ratio 45.2%
291.1 billion yen (54.0%)
  117.2 billion yen (21.7%)
 China
1,909 (18.3%)
      Note: The number of total employees shown above includes staff dispatched to Eisai Co., Ltd. from other group companies, and excludes the employees of Eisai Co., Ltd. who are on loan to other group companies.
      Aims to Secure Appropriate Pricing
Eisai aims to secure appropriate pricing for our products in order to deliver the medicines we create to as many patients as possible.
Realizing our corporate mission involves the integration of innovation in the discovery of new medicines that fulfill unmet medical needs with the securing of access to medicines that enable to deliver our newly developed products to more patients around the world. In order to ensure the sustainability of these initiatives, it is necessary that the value of innovation is appropriately assessed. However, in this environment of rising social welfare spending, there is a growing concern that the price of innovative new medicines is a contributing factor to increasing healthcare costs. As a result, there is a greater demand for evidence from the clinical trials that comprehensively demonstrates the appropriateness of the price of new medicines from various perspectives.
At Eisai, the Global Value & Access Unit (GV&A) has implemented a strategy for pricing new medicines appropriately from the perspectives of health economics and outcome research (HEOR) and health technology assessment (HTA). Under the leadership of the Unit president in the U.K., the activities are deployed globally, with the U.S. unit responsible for evaluating the economic efficiency of new medicines and the regional and national representatives in charge of medicine prices and access to medicines. GV&A summarizes the value of new medicines and creates the Value Dossier based on the perspective of economic efficiency obtained from the improvement of patients’ quality of life (QOL) in addition to the efficacy and safety obtained from clinical trials. In this way, GV&A ensures the attainment of appropriate medicine prices in the markets of many different countries and aims to secure patients’ access to the new medicines.
 56
  
   Company Introduction Management Strategies
■FY2016 Revenue by Business and Product Japan Pharmaceutical Business
Consumer Healthcare Business
19.0 billion yen (6.5%)
Humira
Generics 37.7 billion yen 28.0 (12.9%)
billion yen (9.6%)
Americas Pharmaceutical Business (North, Central and South America)
Value Creation Activities
   Others
115.6 billion yen (39.7%)
*Co-promotion income
Pariet
21.2 billion yen (7.3%)
Halaven
7.8 billion yen (2.7%)
Lenvima
15.1 billion yen (12.9%)
Halaven
16.6 billion yen (14.2%)
Revenue in FY2016
291.1 billion yen (102% year-on-year)
Prescription medicines
Aricept
29.5 billion yen (10.1%)
Lyrica* 24.3 billion yen (8.3%)
BELVIQ
3.7 billion yen (3.2%)
Fycompa
5.3 billion yen (4.5%)
Others
28.4 billion yen (24.3%)
Revenue in FY2016
117.2 billion yen
96% year-on-year (106% on a local currency basis)
Aloxi
48.1 billion yen (41.0%)
     Lunesta
8.0 billion yen (2.8%)
    ・Business deployment in the 3 businesses; prescription medicines, generics and consumer healthcare business.
・EA Pharma Co., Ltd., a gastrointestinal specialty pharma, was established in April 2016.
China Pharmaceutical Business
Others
12.8 billion yen (25.9%)
EMEA Pharmaceutical Business
(Europe, Middle East, Africa, Russia and Oceania)
   Revenue in FY2016
49.3 billion yen
100% year-on-year (117% on a local currency basis)
Methycobal
18.0 billion yen (36.5%)
Others
19.3 billion yen (51.1%)
Revenue in FY2016
37.8 billion yen
92% year-on-year (104% on a local currency basis)
Lenvima
/ Kisplyx
3.3
Halaven
10.9 billion yen (28.9%)
Fycompa
4.2
billion yen (11.2%)
 Pariet
3.9 billion yen (8.0%)
 Aricept
6.2
billion yen (12.5%)
Stronger Neo-
Minophagen C
and Glycyron Tablets
8.4 billion yen (17.1%)
billion yen (8.8%)
  ・Following the establishment of a joint venture in 1991, Eisai has conducted business operations in China for more than 25 years.
・Four major products are growing, including Methycobal.
・Accelerating expansion into small- and mid-sized hospitals in inland areas and small- and mid-sized rural towns (low-tier market).
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
・Aim to drive ongoing growth in the U.S., the world’s biggest pharmaceutical market.
・Focus on growth of Halaven, Lenvima, Fycompa and BELVIQ.
  ・Seeking further growth of Halaven, Lenvima/Kisplyx and Fycompa.
  Asia Pharmaceutical Business
(Mainly South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, India and ASEAN)
■Revenue growth target by region in FY 2020 (billion yen)
   Lenvima
0.3 billion yen (0.9%)
Fycompa
0.4 billion yen (1.0%)
Halaven
2.0 billion yen (5.8%)
Revenue in FY2016
34.7 billion yen
102% year-on-year (113% on a local currency basis)
Humira
■
■
■
EMEA Asia China
approx. 14% approx. 11% approx. 12% approx. 15% approx. 4%
Other
9.1 billion yen (26.1%)
Aricept
9.8
billion yen (28.1%)
900
600
300
Compound Annual Growth Rate from FY2015 to FY2020
Consolidated revenue approx. 8%
 Pariet
3.6
billion yen (10.4%)
9.6
billion yen (27.7%)
■Americas
   ・Seeking growth of Halaven, Lenvima and Fycompa, in addition to the major products such as Aricept and Humira.
・Focusing on operations in emerging countries, including Vietnam and Myanmar, as well as major countries, such as South Korea and Taiwan.
57
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
0
* Figures are approximate
FY2020 target*
FY2015 results
FY2016 results
■Others
■
Japan

   Manufactured Capital
Global Production System
Ensure stable supply of high-quality products on a global level
 Eisai’s General Policy on Product Quality
“The quality of every single tablet, capsule and ampule that we produce is integral to the life of the patient.”
This is Eisai’s general policy on product quality, with each employee keenly aware that every medicine manufactured by Eisai is directly linked to patients’ lives. It is this conviction that is reflected in every aspect of our production activities and we believe that as long as there are people around the world in need of medicine, there exists a mission and a responsibility to continue to assure the stable supply of high-quality pharmaceutical products. To achieve this, Eisai consistently strives for high quality through the introduction of a robust management system that oversees all processes from drug substance and formulation research to production and distribution.
Global Quality Assurance Activities
Eisai believes that quality must be assured until pharmaceutical products are delivered to and used by patients and consumers who need these products. Eisai implements quality control in the manufacturing phase in accordance with
its globally unified Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) standards (international regulations for production and quality management), while placing emphasis on maintaining product quality in the distribution phase. Under this global quality assurance system, Eisai is carrying out quality assurance activities to supply pharmaceutical products that can be used by patients with confidence in every country and region.
The quality assurance departments within the Eisai Group strive to supply products that generate customer satisfaction by pursuing quality that satisfies both the apparent and latent needs of patients and customers.
■ Initiatives to Strengthen Pharmaceutical Quality System
Eisai is working to strengthen a pharmaceutical quality system that meets patient needs for the stable and continuous supply
of products that have met safety and efficacy standards based on “ICH Q10 pharmaceutical quality system guidelines.”
Eisai has formulated a business continuity plan (BCP) to ensure stable supply in case of risks such as natural disaster, accident or act of terrorism. Even in the event of a large earthquake, we are committed to resuming plant operations as soon as possible and continuing the stable supply of products by consistently ensuring appropriate product inventory. Additionally, we are undertaking initiatives for securing backup sites that enable alternate operations in times of emergency, primarily for specific products, especially products with a high degree of urgency and importance.
    Initiatives for Stable Supply
— Formulating a Business Continuity Plan (BCP)
 58
  
    Company Introduction Management Strategies
Vizag (India)
Manufacture APIs and formulations at a level conforming with regulations in developed countries. Supply free of charge DEC tablets for treatment of lymphatic filariasis and plan to supply a total of 2.2 billion tablets by 2020.
Bogor (Indonesia)
Aim to satisfy the latent needs of the Indonesian market, with Muslim-majority population, by obtaining Halal certification for pharmaceutical products.
Mainly manufacture products for the gastrointestinal area. Possesses strengths in production technologies for large volume powder formulations and organic solvent technologies that enable poorly soluble APIs to be formulated. Aims to quickly launch new products that utilize original technologies and to strengthen commissioned production.
Value Creation Activities
 Global Production System (Innovation Base)
 Eisai provides high-quality products that generate customer satisfaction by establishing “Ricchi” with utilizing the strengths of each manufacturing site and conducting demand innovation activities worldwide.
Reform of Manufacturing Sites (from Volume Base to Innovation Base)
VolumeBase Pursuedoptimizationofsiteoperationalrateandlogisticsbasedonvolume Transformation
   Hatfield (U.K.)
Supply multi-lingual and small volume packaged products mainly in the European market. Possesses an integrated control system for serial numbers for individual packaging and manages product traceability globally.
Suzhou/Benxi (China)
Satisfy demand for enormous product quantities in China, a growing market. In addition to a lineup of generics, supply products to an even wider range of regions and to patients from various income classes.
Exton Laboratory (U.S.) (Pilot plant)
Utilize experience fostered by the production of investigational drugs to quickly transition to commercial production of antibody treatments using original technologies.
Innovation Base
Established “Ricchi” by utilizing strength of each manufacturing site and conduct demand innovation activities worldwide
           Unit
Seek to develop/manufacture with cutting-edge technologies including IC chip products and wearable devices through socialization conducted at each site aiming for fulfilling hhc True Needs.
Fukushima (EA Pharma Co., Ltd., Japan)
Baltimore (U.S.)
Specialize in formulation technology for unique wafer products for intracranial use.
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
           Kashima (Japan)
Manufacture APIs that require highly advanced synthesis technology such as eribulin (generic name). Launched original site-specific coupling technology aiming for in-house production of antibodies.
  Kawashima (Japan)
 ● Representative base for dementia treatment production. Developed innovative continuous production technologies that differ from the former batch manufacturing process and aim to proceed smoothly from development to commercialization, and flexibly handle different production volumes.
● Established a dementia café as a place to discover hhc True Needs at the Naito Museum of Pharmaceutical Science and Industry, where tens of thousands of people visit each year.
 * “Demand Innovation Plus” is the symbol of aspiration aiming for maximizing value of products and solutions for patients. 59
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

    Social and Relationship Capital
Improving Access to Medicines (ATM)
Making our medicines available to those who need them
Eisai is promoting initiatives for improving ATM to contribute to people in developing and emerging countries
Number of countries supplied with lymphatic filariasis treatment and volume supplied (as of June 2017)
27
countries
Over1.1
billion tablets
     Investing in the Future of Emerging and Developing Countries
“We want to deliver as many necessary medicines as possible and nurture hope in as many people as possible.” Putting this wish into each tablet, Eisai is engaged in activities for improving ATM with the aim of ensuring that people in emerging and developing countries receive the medicines they need. ATM is a basic need for all people regardless of nationality, economic disparities or social standing. Today, approximately 2 billion people around the world do not have adequate access to medicines*, most of whom are the poor in developing and emerging countries who also lack proper information about health and diseases.
Eisai believes that improving ATM in developing and emerging countries is a long-term investment that will support the health of the people living in these countries and ultimately lead to the future growth of these nations as a whole. Eisai utilizes its resources including low-cost manufacturing and supplying operations as well as public-private partnerships, as it continues to implement various ATM initiatives through its unique business models.
* Source: Access to Medicine Index website
▶ http://accesstomedicineindex.org/
 WHO/Bangladesh
60
  
   Company Introduction Management Strategies
Efforts to Help Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis Supplying DEC Tablets and Implementing Awareness-Raising Activities
Lymphatic filariasis (LF) is a neglected tropical disease (NTD) transmitted to humans via carrier mosquitoes. It is estimated that approximately 1 billion people worldwide, mainly those in developing countries, are exposed to the risk of LF.
The World Health Organization (WHO) conducts mass drug administrations (MDAs) in endemic areas in order to eliminate LF. There used to be a global shortage of high-quality DEC (diethylcarbamazine) tablets, of the three types of LF medicine used in the MDAs.
In November 2010, Eisai agreed to supply a total of 2.2 billion DEC tablets to WHO free of charge by 2020. In 2012, Eisai became the only Japanese company to participate in the London Declaration, a coordinated effort to eliminate 10 NTDs and the largest public-private partnership of its kind in the field of global health. At the London Declaration’s fifth anniversary event held in April 2017, Eisai announced its plan to supply DEC tablets continuously after 2020, until LF is completely eliminated in all endemic countries where DEC tablets are needed.
In 2013, Eisai commenced production of DEC tablets at
its Vizag Plant in India after obtaining a WHO prequalification for the drug. As of June 2017, over 1.1 billion DEC tablets have been provided to 27 endemic countries through WHO’s elimination program. Furthermore, to support the smooth implementation of MDAs, Eisai is engaging in initiatives to raise public awareness of LF in endemic areas. Staff members of Eisai subsidiaries in LF endemic countries cooperate with the relevant representatives in the national governments and other concerned parties in activities for supporting efforts to eliminate LF as early as possible. In Indonesia, in order to raise the awareness of LF in society, Eisai staff members have given annual lectures on LF since 2015 at the Faculty of Medicine, Gadjah Mada University, an institution that supports local
health care. Eisai staff also distribute leaflets on the prevention and treatment of LF and support MDA in Indonesia.
Interaction between staff members of Vizag Plant and patients
■Cumulative quantity of DEC tablets supplied and the number of patients contributed to* (as of June 2017)
WHO East Mediterranean Region
Value Creation Activities
 (million) 1,000
500
0
Cumulative quantity of tablets supplied
Over 1.1 billion tablets were supplied.
Contributing
to nearly 440 * million patients
End of June 2016 2017
    End of 2013
End of 2014
End of 2015
* The number of patients contributed to is an estimated value, which is converted from the cumulative quantity of tablets supplied based on the assumption that an average of 2.5 tablets is taken per capita in accordance with the definition of WHO.
 ■Countries where DEC tablets are scheduled to be supplied by 2020 ● Countries where distribution has commenced
    WHO South-East Asia Region
●India  ●Indonesia ●Myanmar ●Sri Lanka ●Timor-Leste ●Thailand Bangladesh Nepal
DEC Tablets (Diethylcarbamazine)
WHO Region of the Americas
●Dominican Republic ●Guyana
●Haiti
Brazil
(2017年4月現在の供給予定)
(Distribution status as of June 2017)
           ●Egypt
WHO African Region
●Eritrea ●Kenya ●Zambia  ●Zimbabwe ●São Tomé and Príncipe Gambia
Coordination
Vizag Plant, India
●Madagascar ●Comoros
Eisai Head Office
WHO Western Pacific Region
●Fiji ●French Polynesia 
●Laos ●Malaysia ●Philippines ●Samoa
                   61
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
●Kiribati ●Papua New Guinea ●Micronesia ●Tuvalu

  R&D Initiatives for Improving Global Health
Eisai proactively undertakes research on pharmaceuticals for treating NTDs and for the three major infectious diseases (malaria, tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS).
These diseases strike people with low incomes in developing countries, causing them to leave work. This in turn leads
to a negative cycle of poverty in which people become incapacitated due to disease and become even poorer, and international efforts are called upon to tackle this significant global health issue.
In response, Eisai is currently conducting various projects aimed at developing new treatments for Chagas disease, filariasis, leishmaniasis and mycetoma as well as malaria
and tuberculosis. Undertaking research activities for these diseases requires specific expertise, technologies and clinical
■NTDs/Three Major Infectious Diseases Research Project Portfolio
trial experience in addition to networks with clinical facilities in endemic regions. For these reasons, Eisai is actively engaging in external collaborations such as partnerships with global research organizations and participating in international consortiums to share compound libraries, as Eisai seeks to develop new drugs for NTDs and the three major infectious diseases.
Eisai aims to develop new drugs for Chagas disease, a disease transmitted by the assassin bug which is prevalent in 21 countries in Latin America. To this purpose, Eisai
is conducting a Phase II study of its in-house developed antifungal agent fosravuconazole (E1224) in partnership with the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi ). Another Phase II study of the agent is being conducted with DNDi for mycetoma, considered to be one of the most neglected diseases. Mycetoma is transmitted through pricks in the skin and causes large lesions.
        Early research stage
Non-clinical
Clinical
      Chagas disease
Chagas vaccine
(using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020)
Novel compounds for Chagas disease
E1224 – Chagas disease project (PhaseII study)
  Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs)
NTD Drug Discovery Booster
Chagas vaccine
(using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020)
    Filariasis
Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator
Novel anti-Wolbachia compounds
   Leishmaniasis
NTD Drug Discovery Booster
   Mycetoma
E1224 – Eumycetoma project
(PhaseII study)
      Three Major Infectious Diseases
Screening of novel compounds for malaria
Novel inhibitor of Plasmodium Phe tRNA ligase
SJ733 - Inhibitor of Plasmodium ATP4
  Malaria
Malaria vaccine
(using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020)
Inhibitor of Plasmodium GWT1
 TLR9 antagonist for cerebral Malaria
 Novel compound for artemisinin resistant malaria
   Tuberculosis
Updated as of June 2017.
Please visit the following link for details on projects▶ http://www.eisai.com/company/atm/approach/02.html
TB Drug Accelerator
62

    Company Introduction Management Strategies
Pricing Policy that Emphasizes Affordability
Eisai has formulated an Affordable Pricing Policy that enables patients in developing and emerging countries to purchase Eisai’s products at affordable prices. Based on this approach, Eisai is pursuing a pricing policy that is suited to the social, economic and healthcare environments of developing and emerging countries. With regards to Aricept, Eisai is providing the product in certain Asian countries, such as India and Indonesia, at prices that take into consideration the living standards of the local patients.
In addition, Eisai has introduced “Tiered Pricing”, an affordable pricing model, for the anticancer agent Halaven in the Philippines, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia and Thailand. In this model, copayment is set at several tiers in accordance with the income level and health insurance availability of the patients, ranging from the full purchase price to provision free of charge. During the one-year period between April 2016 and March 2017, Halaven was supplied to more than 1000 patients by means of the Tiered Pricing.
Value Creation Activities
Creating Corporate Value and Solutions to Social Problems through Initiatives for Improving ATM
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
 Input
Output Outcome
      Social and Relationship Capital
●Improving health, welfare and economic growth by increasing the number of middle-income populations in developing and emerging countries
●Improving the value of Eisai’s corporate brand
 Human capital
●Improving employees’ skills and motivation
 Financial capital
●Reduced cost of manufacturing due to increased operation rate at the Vizag Plant
●(Very long-term perspective) Creating profits through businesses in developing and emerging countries
 Intellectual capital
●Initiatives for creating new drugs for the treatment of NTDs and malaria
 Human capital
●The staff’s strong motivation to contribute to patients is supported by the hhc philosophy
 Production capital
●Utilization of the Vizag Plant in India allows for low-cost production.
 Social and Relationship Capital
●Partnership with WHO
●Participation in public-private partnerships
 Financial capital
●Long-term investment in the improvement of ATM in developing and
emerging countries
 ●Supplying lymphatic filariasis treatment DEC tablets free of charge
●Activities for raising awareness of lymphatic filariasis
●Supplying products at prices that patients can afford based on affordable and tiered pricing strategies
      For the purpose of facilitating the improvement of ATM
in developing and emerging countries, Eisai utilizes many different types of capital as input and converts them into many different forms of output (products and services), such as DEC tablets, through the company’s business activities. As
a result, we pursue the creation of positive outcomes such
as the improvement of health, welfare and economic growth by increasing the number of middle-income populations
in developing countries and emerging countries. Eisai also seeks to enhance the value of its corporate brand, improve employees’ skills and motivation, and reduce costs by increasing the operation rate of the Vizag Plant as positive
Eisai Ranked 11th among Global Pharmaceutical Companies and 1st among Japanese Pharmaceutical Companies by the Access to Medicine Index
Eisai’s initiatives to improve ATM are highly evaluated. The Access to Medicine Foundation, an international nonprofit organization aimed at the improvement of ATM, biennially researches and publishes the Access to Medicine Index. Eisai was ranked first among Japanese pharmaceutical companies and 11th among global major pharmaceutical companies consecutively in 2014 and 2016.
internal outcomes. Eisai believes that efforts to improve ATM will increase capital to an extent that is greater than the amount of input, through the creation of added value.
Eisai’s initiatives for improving ATM go beyond the framework of CSR activities and aim at creating long-term value. Supplying DEC tablets free of charge will initially be a loss and thus negatively affect profits and ROE in the short term. However, from a very long-term perspective, we estimate that it will boost our NPV (net present value) to a positive level through the creation of the outcomes described above.
The Access to
Medicine Index
recognised Eisai for
its best practices in
proactively building
partnerships with international agencies, nonprofit organizations and other stakeholders, with the aim of thereby spurring research and development of new drugs for NTDs, malaria and tuberculosis for globally improving ATM, and in encouraging employees around the world to spend 1% of their business hours with patients, a practice which leads to the creation of patient value.
 63
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

  Initiatives for Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
 The 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, which was adopted by the leaders of the world in September 2015 at the United Nations Summit, officially came into force on January 1, 2016. Toward 2030, with these Goals that universally apply to all, each country will mobilize efforts to end all forms of poverty, fight inequalities and tackle climate change, while ensuring that no one is left behind.
With the corporate philosophy of hhc in mind, Eisai has been conducting various initiatives, not limiting to making medicines, but expanded to improving access to medicines or providing solutions to regional healthcare systems, and so on. The medium-term business plan ‘EWAY 2025’ sets out a goal for Eisai to become a “Medico Societal Innovator”, or in other words, “a company that changes society through making medicines and providing solutions”. In order to realize this corporate aspiration, Eisai works on eliminating various gaps on treatment or care, that exist throughout the world. And Eisai believes that these initiatives lead to the achievement of the United Nation’s 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Through initiatives listed below, Eisai will endeavor to contribute to the achievement of SDGs.
1.No Poverty
● Aim to contribute to patients by expanding middle-income class through
improvement of access to medicine and health and welfare (Page 60-63)
3.Good Health and Well-Being
● Creation of innovative medicines (Page 32-39, 42-54 and 62)
● Provision of not only medicines, but also solutions (Page 40-41)
● Initiatives to eliminate neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) which spread in developing countries  •Provision of diethylcarbamazine (DEC) tablets at Price Zero (free of charge) for elimination of
lymphatic filariasis (LF) (Page 61)
 •Initiatives to create new medicines for Chagas disease, filariasis, leishmaniasis, mycetoma,
malaria and tuberculosis which spread mainly among people in low-income class in developing
countries (Page 62)
● Provision of Eisai products based on Affordable Pricing Policy in developing and emerging
countries (Page 63)
5.Gender Equality
● Initiatives to enhance diversity
 Aim to achieve the target proportion of women in the company’s management position in
fiscal 2020 as 10% at Eisai Co., Ltd. (Page 21)
6.Clean Water and Sanitation
● Handling the risk of water shortage through the efficient use of water resources (Page 85)
12.Responsible Consumption and Production
● Establishment of a recycling-oriented society
 Initiatives to reduce the amount of waste generated, increase the rate of recycling and
decrease the amount of waste (Page 85)
13.Climate Action
● Formation of a low-carbon society
 Aim to reduce domestic CO2 Emissions by 23% versus fiscal 2005 by fiscal 2020 (Page 84)
17.Partnerships
● Partnership with academia and corporations for creating innovation in priority areas
 (Page 62, 82-83)
● Partnership with United Nations organizations, non-profit organizations, research institutions,
academia and others to expand access to medicine (Page 83)
Numbers in brackets refer to relevant page number in Integrated Report.
       64
  
       Introduction of an example of our initiatives for SDGs
Inclusive activities toward the elimination of lymphatic filariasis (LF) at Yarada village in India
In 2013, Vizag plant of Eisai India started production of high quality DEC tablets and distribution across the globe at price zero following an agreement with WHO.
At Yarada, a beautiful coastal village with the population of approximately 3,500 people, situated 30km away from Vizag plant, more than 50 people were suffering from LF at the time. Poor health environment due to lack of awareness and socioeconomic factors in the community were causing mosquito breeding leading to vector borne diseases including LF. When Eisai staff interacted with the villagers, they had learnt that not only providing medicine, but also solving the root causes of the diseases through inclusive activities with the local people was essential. Then, various initiatives had started.
    Approaches to infrastructure
In October 2013, Eisai entered into a public-private partnership with the state government’s health department to support their vector borne diseases control activities at Yarada village. To improve sanitation and infrastructure, Eisai staff supported the anti-larval operations
through ensuring regular spraying of the anti-larval chemicals in the water logged areas and open drains. On the weekends, Eisai staff visited the village to monitor cleaning of the areas which were conducive to mosquito breeding, and also helped repair the old public toilets. In a measure to prevent further mosquito breeding, mosquito repellant plants were planted near homes and open drains. Awareness was created among the villagers by the staff, regarding precautions to be taken against the vector borne diseases and proper disposal of waste.
Approaches by treatment drugs
Repaired pubic toilet in Yarada village
    As it was important to conduct disease awareness to let the people understand the significance of the treatment by drug in the area where taking medicine was uncommon, the disease awareness was conducted thoroughly. In January 2014, over 60 Eisai staff supported mass drug administraction (MDA) program in elimination of LF at Yarada. Eisai staff visited the village for 3 nights before the date, making announcement of MDA through “Dandora”, which involves the beating of drums, to invite as many villagers to participate. Days after MDA, they visited each household to ensure that all the residents had taken the treatment drugs.
Zero incidence of LF
Sentinel survey was conducted in February 2017 by the state health department for screening the patients for Wuchereria bancrofti (a parasitic worm which causes LF), and no new cases of LF were identified in the village since the previous survey in November 2013. Now realizing that their children and grandchildren’s generation will no longer suffer from LF, the villagers were feeling more positive.
      Beyond LF; Sustainable growth through inclusive development
In October 2014, massive cyclone “Hudhud” hit Yarada and caused severe damage. Eisai supported the educational institution, Zilla Parishad School by restoring the school building and donating drinking water tanks and a newly built laboratory.
Also IT classes were offered by IT technician from Vizag plant. Restoration enabled the students who were forced to study at school far from home, to return to their local school. On December 2016, the local English paper The Hindu, reported
Eisai staff’s visit to Zilla Parishad School. In the article, the head master told that the pass percentage (of secondary school certificate exam) during the last two years had improved to 97 percent in 10th grade and several students had received scholarships from the government.
The Hindu article as of December 14, 2016 “Hudhud-hit ZP High School turns smart” Picture courtesy - The Hindu
Memorial of reconstruction of Zilla Parishad School
  Increased motivation among employees
Interacting with the LF patients at Yarada, I understood the severe condition that the patients were suffering from. I am really proud of Eisai for helping people from contracting such a disease. Every morning when I come to work I feel that I am contributing in my own way in caring for the patients and their families.
 We produce medicine at Vizag and deliver to the patients. Likewise, through the disease awareness and other activities, we saw that people gain healthy life. I expect people to overcome poverty eventually. Following this success, we were invited by the state government to participate in similar public- private partnerships in other areas in the state of Andhra Pradesh. It provides us with great motivation that we are playing a role to develop a sustainable society through these initiatives.
Madanmohan
Pavuluri
Eisai Pharmaceuticals India Pvt. Ltd. (Vizag)
Deputy Manager, R&D
65
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

  Corporate Governance System
Our supervisory and executive functions have been clearly separated from each other for more than a decade in pursuit of a system that is oriented toward independence and neutrality.
 Eisai has pursued the best corporate governance practices and has remained committed to the improvement of this governance for the purpose of fulfilling hhc, the company’s corporate philosophy. Since June 2000, Eisai has appointed directors from outside the company, and in June 2004, Eisai revised its Articles of Incorporation at the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting and adopted the Company with Committees System (currently, Company with a Nomination Committee, etc., System). At the same time, the number of outside directors has been increased to account for the majority of the Board of Directors. This is intended to ensure the fairness and transparency of our business management and, as a consequence, the management supervision function has been strengthened.
Eisai remains committed to the sustainable improvement of its corporate governance in pursuit of increasing the benefits to stakeholders including patients, customers, shareholders and employees.
 ●Adopted the Company with Committees System in 2004 and clearly separated its management oversight functions from business execution functions.
●Since 2004, more than half of Eisai’s directors are outside directors.
●Since 2005, the chair of the Board of Directors has been chosen from among the outside directors. The Representative Corporate Officer and CEO is the only director serving concurrently as a Corporate Officer.
●The members of the Nomination Committee and the Compensation Committee comprise outside directors only. The majority of the members of the Audit Committee are outside directors.
●Each chair of the above committees is an outside director.
●The internal control system and its operation have been improved to ensure the credibility of financial reporting and others.
Eisai’s Corporate Governance System
Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting
Board of Directors: 11 members (7 outside, 4 inside) Chair: Outside Director
             Audit Committee
(5 members: 3 outside, 2 inside; Chair: Outside Director)
Management Audit Department
Accounting Audits
Nomination Committee (3 members: all outside)
Compensation Committee (3 members: all outside)
    Board of Directors’ Secretariat
 Executing Division
     Corporate Officer Responsible for Internal Controls
Corporate Internal Audit Department
Representative Corporate Officer and CEO
Executive Board
 Corporate Officers
 Individual divisions/Subsidiaries inside and outside Japan
Development and operation of the internal control system
      Accounting Auditor
66
  Outside directors meeting (7 members: all outside)
Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, and others
Appropriate reporting and proposals
Internal Audit
Broad delegation of the power of decision-making over the execution
of business
Management oversight Audit by Committee
Reporting Supervision/inspection

     Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Features of Eisai’s Corporate Governance
❶Clear Separation of the Functions between Supervision of Management and the Execution of Business
The core aspect of Eisai’s corporate governance system is the clear separation of the supervision of management and the execution of business through which maximum benefit is obtained from Eisai’s status as a Company with a Nomination Committee, etc., System. Eisai has established that the Chair of Board of Directors be an outside director and that the CEO is the only director serving concurrently as a corporate officer to achieve this goal.
The Board of Directors is able to devote its attention to management by entrusting a large portion of decision-making authority to corporate officers. This enables corporate officers to increase the effectiveness and flexibility of business execution and to enhance the dynamics of management, as well as ensuring autonomy by establishing internal controls.
The corporate officers fulfill their accountability by making reports to the Board of Directors on the status of the execution of their assigned activities, both quarterly and upon request. Based on the reports from the corporate officers, the Board of Directors keeps up-to-date on matters such as the progress of our business plans, the current status and issues of our operations, labor management, occupational health and safety, efforts for environmental protection and the status of efforts to meet compliance requirements such as the prevention of corrupt acts and bribery. In this way, the Board supervises the execution of operations. Under this system, along with checking the status of execution of operations, the Board of Directors also inspects the status of internal controls such as business execution and decision-making processes from the perspective of shareholders and society.
❷Ensuring the Independence and Neutrality of Outside Directors
The presence of seven independent and neutral outside directors, who account for the majority of the members of the Board of Directors, supports the effective operation of Eisai’s corporate governance system. Eisai’s Nomination Committee is composed exclusively of outside directors. The Nomination Committee strictly applies the “Requirements for the Independence and Neutrality of Outside Directors”, stipulated by the Committee, for the selection of candidates for outside directors.
❸Diversity of Outside Directors
The Nomination Committee emphasizes composing Board of Directors with directors who have diverse expertise, experience and backgrounds. The expectation is that by doing so, the Board of Directors will contribute to the enhancement of corporate value by providing oversight of the efficiency, appropriateness, etc., of management from the viewpoint of a wide range of stakeholders.
■Proportion of outside directors*1 ■Tenure of outside directors*2 ■Background of outside directors*1
Outside directors: 7 of 11 Since Eisai adopted the Company with a Including one woman and one Nomination Committee, etc., System in 2004,
Business Base (ESG)
Appendix
 Expertise and experience
・Experience in corporate management
・Experience working overseas
・Experience serving as an outside director of any other
company
・Corporate legal affairs
・Internal control and internal auditing
・Corporate governance
・Risk management
・Finance, accounting and international accounting
standards
Qualifications
・Certified public accountant ・Attorney
foreign national
none of the outside directors has held the position for more than five years.
  64%
3 13
7
■ 1-2 years*3 ■ 3 years  ■ 4 years  ■ 5 years
Frequency of Board of Directors’ meetings and committee meetings and attendance at the meetings in Fiscal 2016*4
10 100% 7 100% 12 100% 10 100% 3 100%
*1 Pertains to the 11 directors in office as of June 21, 2017.
*2 Represents the term of office for the 23 outside directors who were appointed to the role as Eisai’s directors in or after 2004 before leaving the position (the calculation of the term of office
includes their term of office as directors or corporate officers in and before 2004).
*3 All outside directors who have held the position for longer than two years.
*4 Pertains to Board of Directors’ meetings and committee meetings held during the period between April 1, 2016 and March 31, 2017.
   Number of times offered
Attendance
   Board of Directors
 Nomination Committee
 Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee
 Independent Committee of Outside Directors
            67
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

  ❹Initiatives for the Continuous Enhancement of Corporate Governance
a) Outside Directors Meeting
The outside directors meeting (with only outside directors in attendance) is held on a regular basis. The meeting provide outside directors with valuable opportunities to interact, communicate at a more profound level, and make discussions at the Board of Directors, etc., more dynamic and productive. At outside directors meetings, participants freely discuss corporate governance and business-related matters. Their discussions may be reported to the Board of Directors or the corporate officers as necessary.
Outside directors’ meeting reviews the effectiveness of the Board of Directors’ management supervision function on an annual basis. If any issues in the operation of the Board of Directors, etc., are identified, improvements are proposed to the Board of Directors.
b) Corporate governance review
The Board of Directors discusses the effectiveness of its management supervision function on an annual basis and also reviews the Corporate Governance Guideline and rules relating to internal control. The results of the self- review are summarized as the corporate governance review.
Formulated by the Board of Directors, the Corporate Governance Guideline is the code of conduct in terms of Eisai’s corporate governance. Eleven directors review the duties of the Board of Directors defined in the guideline, the performances
of the chair of the Board of Directors, company directors, outside directors, the Nomination Committee, Audit Committee
and Compensation Committee, outside directors’ meetings and the operations of the Board of Directors and committees.
The results of the review are summarized at the outside directors’ meeting for resolutions by the Board of Directors. The outside directors, who are independent from the management and well-informed about the activities of Eisai’s Board of Directors, discuss and summarize the results of the review submitted by Eisai’s directors. This ensures greater accuracy and objectivity of the review.
The results of the fiscal 2016 corporate governance review are stated in the Notice of Convocation of the 105th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.
Notice of Convocation of the 105th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders:▶ http://www.eisai.com/ir/stock/meeting.html
Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
Eisai ensures full compliance with all 73 principles of the Corporate Governance Code adopted by the Tokyo Stock Exchange in June 2015. The eleven principles that require the disclosure of information are detailed in the Corporate Governance Report. In addition, the Corporate Governance Report discloses the Company’s audit system, compensation for directors and corporate officers (e.g. procedure for determining the compensation calculation method), internal control system and requirements concerning the independence and neutrality of outside directors.
For detailed information, see the Corporate Governance Report:▶ http://www.eisai.com/company/cgregulations.html
 Performance-based Compensation for Corporate Officers
The directors are in a position of being independent from the execution of business duties and their compensation is set
at a fixed amount without incorporating performance-based compensation to ensure that the content of compensation is appropriate for enabling the adequate deployment of management monitoring functions, which are the duty of directors.
The compensation paid to the corporate officers is made up of base compensation, bonuses and stock-based compensation at a ratio of 6:3:1, and performance-based compensation accounts for 40% of total compensation.
 Compensation for Corporate Officers
Fixed compensation Performance-based compensation
The stock-based compensation system, a medium-to-long-term incentive plan, was introduced in fiscal 2013. Stock-based compensation involves providing corporate officers with stocks on an annual basis through a trust in accordance with the degree of achievement of company-wide performance objectives. The system motivates the corporate officers to share profit awareness based on the same perspective as that of the shareholders, and to remain aware of performance and stock prices in executing their duties from a medium-to-long-term perspective.
The amounts of bonuses provided to corporate officers are calculated in accordance with the degree of the achievement of company-wide performance goal and the corporate officers’ performance objectives.
The degree of the achievement of company-wide performance objectives is determined after reviewing consolidated revenue, consolidated operating profit, consolidated profit for the year (attributable to the parent company) and consolidated ROE.
See the Notice of Convocation of the 105th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders for details of the stock-based compensation system for corporate officers, the process of the decision on performance-based compensation and the process of decisions by the Compensation Committee on the decisions of performance-based compensation for corporate officers:
▶ http://www.eisai.com/pdf/eir/estock/einv105_all.pdf
   Base compensation (60%)
 Bonuses (30%)
 Stock-based compensation
(10%)
Please refer to the following website for details about Eisai’s Corporate Governance Guideline, the Rules of the Board of Directors, the Rules of the Nomination, Audit and Compensation committees, the Corporate Governance Report and Policy for Protection of Company’s Corporate Value and Common interests of Shareholders:▶ http://www.eisai.com/company/cgregulations.html
For detailed information, see the Notice of Convocation of the 105th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders:
▶ http://www.eisai.com/ir/stock/meeting.html
68

     Company Introduction Management Strategies
Interview with Outside Director
Eisai’s Corporate Governance System
Q : What was the background that led you to the appointment as an outside director at Eisai?
A : I do not really know the background. I wasn't closely involved with Eisai, so when the company contacted me, I
was puzzled and wondered what on earth it could be about.
I exchanged business cards with CEO Naito for the first time, when the Company had already decided to appoint me as an outside director. I was genuinely surprised by the whole process. I think my fellow outside directors felt the same.
In general, when most companies are appointing an outside director, I imagine someone in management will say something like “I know someone who is reliable, so we should just check that there are no issues with independence or neutrality.” That is certainly not the case at Eisai. Eisai starts by narrowing down a list of candidates whose independence and neutrality is assured, then the Nomination Committee consist exclusively of outside directors selects a new outside director with the aim of striking a balance, for example, across areas of expertise. It may be risky from the CEO or the Executing Divisions’ point of view, as they do not directly involve in the process, and it requires a certain amount of courage. I would say that this process truly reflects Eisai’s commitment to governance.
Q : What is your impression of how the Eisai Board of Directors is run? Have you encountered any issues?
A : Eisai operates the plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle very effectively. I have a real sense from board meetings that outside directors’ opinions are taken very seriously by the Executing Divisions. If an outside director raise a question, the Executing Division provides a detailed explanation in a sincere manner. Additional meetings can be held to provide more detailed explanations if requested. Likewise, new agendas can be added for board meetings as a result of new issues identified by the board. I think this is possible due to the follow up for the Executing Division by the experienced members of the Board of Directors’ Secretariat from the perspectives of outside directors.
The only issues I have encountered have been minor technical ones, such as the presentation and readability of documents.
Toru Yamashita Chair of the Board of Directors (Outside Director)
Q : Eisai’s medium-term business plans used to run for five years. Is it true that the switch to 10 years was at the suggestion of an outside director?
A : Yes, that was my suggestion; however, it’s not that I told the company to “change your plan to 10 years.” Every company has their own way of formulating medium-term plans. Whereas some divide plans into five-year periods, others set out rolling plans every three years. I suggested: “How about formulating a medium-term plan that reflects the nature of Eisai’s business in terms of development of new medicine which requires long period of time? You could have a different vision and targets, perhaps with a 10-year vision and numerical targets for every five years?” CEO Naito sought opinions from a great many members of staff within the company about the validity of a 10-year medium-term plan. As a result, he said, “most of the things that are happening at the moment could have been predicted a decade ago, so it’s wrong to say that we don’t know what will happen in 10 years.”
I was surprised to see that he had taken the opinion of an outside director so seriously that he had gone to talk to frontline staff about it as well.
Q : What is your impression of Eisai’s employees and corporate philosophy?
A : A medical representative for Fycompa once said to me,
“It improves symptoms for epilepsy patients so much that I’ve actually had patients and doctors thanking me.” I was honestly jealous of having that opportunity to be thanked by customers. I have also heard a researcher with a real sense of responsibility, saying “A relative died from cancer, so that made me determined to create new drugs.” I feel that Eisai’s employees do a rewarding job in a wonderful environment. That’s something I hope employees themselves appreciate.
Having visited a group home and seen Eisai’s patient socialization program in action, it really felt like the corporate philosophy has established itself. To a large extent, I think this is due to CEO Naito’s many years at the helm of Eisai and his determination to establish its corporate philosophy. The ability of top management to take the initiative and disseminate the corporate philosophy across to those
on the frontline is a key factor in determining the company’s sustainability.
(Interviewer: Yasukazu Kanamori, Executive Director, Investor Relations)
Value Creation Activities
       69
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG)
Appendix

  Board of Directors and Executive Officers
— Seven of the eleven Directors are Outside Directors —
*For matters relating to Outside Directors, please see the Corporate Governance Report.
▶ http://www.eisai.com/company/cgregulations.html
*Number of the Company’s shares held by each Director is as of March 31, 2017. *The attendance of board meetings and Committees in this section indicates the
records of fiscal 2016.
  Directors (As of June 30, 2017)
  No. of the Company’s shares held 629,380
Haruo Naito  Director, Representative
Corporate Officer and CEO
Date of birth (age) December 27, 1947 (69 years of age)
Term in Office 34 Years
 Oct.1975 Apr.1983 Jun.1983 Apr.1985 Jun.1985 Jun.1986 Jun.1987 Apr.1988 Jun.2003
Jun.2004
Jan.2006 Jun.2014
Joined the Company
Senior Director, R&D Promotion Department of the Company
Director of the Company
General Manager, R&D of the Company
Managing Director of the Company
Representative Director and Senior Managing Director of the Company Representative Director and Deputy President of the Company Representative Director and President of the Company
Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company
Director, President (Representative Corporate Officer) and CEO of the Company
Chair, The Naito Foundation (current)
Director, Representative Corporate Officer and CEO of the Company (current)
 Reasons for appointment as a director
The Nomination Committee has determined that Mr. Naito has appropriately explained resolution items and report items in meetings of the Board of Directors as the only director with concurrent duties as a corporate officer and has sufficiently fulfilled the role of overseeing important management decisions and the execution of business, and is suitable as a director of the Company.
The Company’s corporate governance guidelines call for the Representative Corporate Officer and CEO to serve concurrently as a director.
Attendance Board of Directors 100% (10/10)
    Toru Yamashita  Chair of the Board of Directors, Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors
Date of birth (age) October 9, 1947 (69 years of age)
Ikuo Nishikawa  Chair of the Audit Committee, Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors
Date of birth (age) July 1, 1951
(65 years of age)
Term in Office 3 Years
  Term in Office 3 Years Joined Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Public Corporation (known as NTT)
No. of the Company’s shares held 413
No. of the Company’s shares held 517 Apr. 1971
Jun. 1999 Jun.2003 Jun.2005
Jun.2007 Jun.2012 Apr.2013 Jun. 2013 Jun.2014 Jun.2014
Jun. 2015 Jul. 2015 Jun.2016
Sep. 1990
Jan. 1993 Jul. 1995 Apr. 2007 Apr. 2012 Jun. 2014 Jun. 2014
Jun. 2014 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2016
Apr. 2017
Representative Partner, KPMG Century Audit Corporation (currently Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC)
Japanese Representative, International Accounting Standards Committee (IASC) Executive Director, The Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants Chairman, The Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ)
Professor, Faculty of Business and Commerce, Keio University
Outside Member of Audit & Supervisory Board, Nidec Corporation Director of the Company (current), Chair of the Audit Committee (current), and Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors (current) Outside Corporate Auditor MEGMILK SNOW BRAND Co., Ltd.
Outside Corporate Auditor, Mitsubishi Corporation (current)
Outside Director, Daiwa Securities Group Inc. (current)
Outside Director, MEGMILK SNOW BRAND Co., Ltd. (Audit and Supervisory Committee member) (current)
Visiting Professor, Graduate School of Business and Commerce, Keio University (current)
  Senior Vice President & Director, NTT DATA Corporation
Executive Vice President & Director, NTT DATA Corporation
Senior Executive Vice President and Representative Director, NTT DATA Corporation
President and CEO, NTT DATA Corporation
Director and Chief Corporate Adviser, NTT DATA Corporation
(Cabinet office) Chair of Public Interest Commission (current)
Outside Director, Mitsui Fudosan Co., Ltd. (current)
Chief Corporate Adviser, NTT DATA Corporation (current)
Director of the Company (current), Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors (current), Member of the Nomination Committee and Member of the Compensation Committee
Chair of the Nomination Committee of the Company
Outside Director, Sumitomo Life Insurance Company (current)
Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company (current)
Reasons for appointment as a director
Mr. Nishikawa is a certified public accountant. He is a specialist in finance, accounting, and international financial reporting standards who has been involved in creating Japanese accounting standards for many years. Although he has not been directly involved with management, he has experience serving as an outside director at another company and of working abroad as well as a strong international perspective, a high level of insight into management, and excellent supervisory ability.
In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members with a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as his (1) practical accomplishments as a director and chair of the Audit Committee, (2) qualifications and capabilities as a director, (3) experience, and (4) age and number of years in office, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that he is capable of objectively executing his management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
Attendance Board of Directors 100% (10/10), Audit Committee 100% (12/12), Independent Committee of Outside Directors 100% (3/3)
  Reasons for appointment as a director
Mr. Yamashita has abundant experience as an executive of a company that has been providing, over many years, IT systems both in Japan and abroad. He has served as an outside director for other companies and has a high level of insight into management and excellent supervisory ability.
In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members with a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as his (1) practical accomplishments as a director and chair of the Board of Directors, (2) qualifications and capabilities as a director, (3) experience, and (4) age and number of years in office, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that he is capable of objectively executing his management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
Attendance Board of Directors 100% (10/10), Nomination Committee 100% (1/1), Compensation Committee 100% (4/4), Independent Committee of Outside Directors 100% (3/3)
70
  
   Directors (As of June 30, 2017)
    Noboru Naoe  Member of the Audit
Committee
Date of birth (age) February 8, 1956 (61 years of age)
Term in Office 3 Years Deputy General Manager, Prescription Drug Division of the Company
Corporate Officer of the Company
General Manager, Prescription Drug Division of the Company
Deputy assignment to Japan Business Headquarters of the Company General Manager, Prescription Drug Division, Japan Business Headquarters of the Company
Senior Group Officer of the Company
President, Eisai Japan
Senior Vice President of the Company
Corporate Officer of the Company
Assigned to Alliance, Eisai Japan
Deputy President, Oncology hhc Unit, Eisai Japan; Executive Director, Strategy and Planning Department
Director of the Company (current), Member of the Audit Committee (current)
Eiichiro Suhara  Chair of the Nomination Committee, Member of the Compensation Committee, Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors
Date of birth (age) July 19, 1948
(68 years of age)
Term in Office 2 Years
 No. of the Company’s shares held 15,617
No. of the Company’s shares held 588
  Apr.1978 Apr.2005 Jun.2005 Jun.2005 Apr.2007 Apr.2008
Jun. 2010 Apr. 2011 Jun. 2011 Apr.2013 Apr.2013 Oct.2013
Jun.2014
Joined the Company
Aug.1974 Mar. 1980 Mar. 1982 Mar. 1985 Mar. 1987
Jun. 2015
Jun. 2015 Jun. 2016
Joined Mitsubishi Pencil Co., Ltd.
Director of Mitsubishi Pencil Co., Ltd.
Managing Director of Mitsubishi Pencil Co., Ltd.
Director and Executive Vice President of Mitsubishi Pencil Co., Ltd. Representative Director and President of Mitsubishi Pencil Co., Ltd. (current)
Director of the Company (current), Member of the Compensation Committee (current), Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors (current) and Member of the Nomination Committee
Outside Director, YOKOHAMA SHINKO Co., Ltd. (current)
Chair of the Nomination Committee (current)
  Reasons for appointment as a director
The Company’s corporate governance guidelines call for selecting inside directors who have abundant experience working within the Company to serve as members of the Audit Committee. On this point, Mr. Naoe has gained long experience and knowledge regarding sales-related business, which is the work that is closest
to Eisai’s principal stakeholders: patients and consumers. Furthermore, he has obtained considerable knowledge and experience related to management through his service as a corporate officer.
In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members
with a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as his (1) practical accomplishments as a director and member of the Audit Committee, (2) qualifications and capabilities as a director, (3) in-house experience, and (4) age and number of years in office, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that he is capable of objectively executing his management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
Attendance Board of Directors 100% (10/10), Audit Committee 100% (12/12)
Yasuhiko Katoh  Chair of the Compensation Committee,Member of the Nomination Committee,
Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors
Date of birth (age) May 19, 1947
(70 years of age)
Term in Office 1 Year Joined Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co., Ltd.
CEO, Mitsui Babcock Energy Limited
Director, Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co., Ltd., assigned to Mitsui Babcock Energy Limited (stationed in the United Kingdom)
Director, Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co., Ltd., assigned to Special Mission by the President
Representative Director and President, Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co., Ltd.
Chairman and Representative Director, Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co., Ltd.
Director of the Company (current), Member of the Nomination Committee (current), Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors (current), and Member of the Compensation Committee Director and Senior Advisor, Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. Chair of the Compensation Committee (current)
Senior Advisor, Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. (current)
Reasons for appointment as a director
Mr. Suhara has abundant experience as a manager of a global corporation in the writing materials industry, as well as a high level of insight into management and excellent supervisory ability.
In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members with a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as his (1) practical accomplishments as
a director, chair of the Nomination Committee, and member of the Compensation Committee, (2) qualifications and capabilities as a director, (3) experience, and (4) age and number of years in office, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that he is capable of objectively executing his management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
Attendance Board of Directors 100% (10/10), Nomination Committee 100% (7/7), Compensation Committee 100% (10/10), Independent Committee of Outside Directors 100% (3/3)
    Hirokazu Kanai  Member of the Audit
Committee
Date of birth (age) January 28, 1960 (57 years of age)
Term in Office 1 Year
 No. of the Company’s shares held 190
No. of the Company’s shares held 7,305
  Apr. 1973 Apr. 2004 Jun. 2004
Dec.2006 Jun. 2007 Jun. 2013 Jun. 2016
Apr. 2017 Jun. 2017 Jun. 2017
Apr. 1983 Apr. 2003 Jun. 2006 Apr. 2007 Jun. 2010
Jun. 2011 Jun. 2011 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2016
Joined the Company
Manager, Accounting Division of the Company
Administrator of the Company
Manager, Finance and Accounting Division of the Company
Manager, Accounting Division, Finance and Accounting HQ of the Company
Group Officer of the Company
Manager, Accounting Division of the Company
Part-time Corporate Auditor, Sunplanet Co., Ltd.
Director of the Company (current) and Member of the Audit Committee (current)
  Reasons for appointment as a director
Mr. Kato has abundant experience as a manager of a global corporation in
the shipping and marine industries, etc., as well as a high level of insight into management and excellent supervisory ability.
In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members with a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as his (1) practical accomplishments as a director and member of the Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee, (2) qualifications and capabilities as a director, (3) experience, and (4) age and number of years in office, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that he is capable of objectively executing his management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
Attendance Board of Directors 100% (8/8), Nomination Committee 100% (6/6), Compensation Committee 100% (6/6), Independent Committee of Outside Directors 100% (3/3)
*Because Yasuhiko Katoh was newly appointed to be a director and assumed his post at the 104th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 17, 2016, his attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and committee meetings indicates attendance at meetings beginning on June 17, 2016.
71
Reasons for appointment as a director
The Company’s corporate governance guidelines call for selecting inside directors who have abundant experience working within the Company to serve as members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Kanai has obtained considerable knowledge and experience through his work related to accounting and finance, as well as his service as a group officer.
In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members with a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as his (1) practical accomplishments as a director and member of the Audit Committee, (2) qualifications and capabilities as a director,
(3) in-house experience, and (4) age and number of years in office, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that he is capable of objectively executing his management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
Attendance Board of Directors 100% (8/8), Audit Committee 100% (9/9)
*Because Hirokazu Kanai was newly appointed to be a director and assumed his post at the 104th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 17, 2016, his attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee indicates attendance at meetings beginning on June 17, 2016.
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
  
   Directors (As of June 30, 2017)
    Tamaki Kakizaki  Member of the Audit Committee,
Member of the
Independent Committee of Outside Directors
Date of birth (age) January 16, 1961
(56 years of age) Term in Office 1 Year
Daiken Tsunoda  Member of the Audit Committee,
Chair of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors
Date of birth (age) January 29, 1967
(50 years of age) Term in Office 1 Year
  No. of the Company’s shares held 63
No. of the Company’s shares held 0
  Apr. 2002 Apr. 2008 Apr. 2012
Apr. 2014 Jun. 2016
Jun. 2016 Jun. 2017
Associate Professor, Faculty of Management, Atomi University Professor, Legal Work Post Graduate Course, Toyo University Professor, Graduate School of International Social Sciences, Yokohama National University
Professor, School of Law, Meiji University (current)
Director of the Company (current), Member of the Audit Committee (current) and Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors (current)
Outside Director, Mitsubishi Shokuhin Co., Ltd. (current)
Outside Auditor, Japan Airport Terminal Co., Ltd. (current)
Apr. 1994
Jan. 2001 Mar.2003
Jun. 2004 Sep.2004
Jun. 2005 Jul. 2007
Apr. 2008
Apr. 2008 Apr. 2010 Mar. 2012 Apr. 2014 Mar.2015 Jun. 2016
Admitted to the Tokyo Bar Association
Attorney, Mori Sogo Law Firm (currently Mori Hamada & Matsumoto)
Partner, Mori Sogo Law Offices (currently Mori Hamada & Matsumoto)
Founder and partner, Nakamura & Tsunoda Law Office (currently Nakamura, Tsunoda & Matsumoto) (current)
Outside Corporate Auditor, ATLUS Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, Polaris Principal Finance Co., Ltd. (currently Polaris Capital Group Co., Ltd.)
Outside Corporate Auditor, INES Corporation
Outside Corporate Auditor, Sealy Japan Co., Ltd. (currently SLEEP SELECT Co., Ltd.) (current)
Outside Corporate Auditor, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings, Incorporated (currently MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.)
Outside Corporate Auditor, Japan Stockholders Data Service Company, Limited Outside Director, MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. (current)
Outside Corporate Auditor, BILCOM, Inc.
Outside Director, Culture Convenience Club Co., Ltd. (current)
Outside Corporate Auditor, BILCOM, Inc. (current)
Director of the Company (current), Member of the Audit Committee (current) and Chair of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors (current)
 Reasons for appointment as a director
Ms. Kakizaki is a specialist in internal controls and internal audits. Although she has not been directly involved with management, she has experience serving as an outside director for another company, and a high level of insight into management and excellent supervisory ability thanks to an extensive research background that gives her a deep knowledge of corporate internal controls, corporate governance, and risk management.
In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members with a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as her (1) practical accomplishments as
a director and member of the Audit Committee, (2) qualifications and capabilities as a director, (3) experience, and (4) age and number of years in office, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that she is capable of objectively executing her management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
Attendance Board of Directors 100% (8/8), Audit Committee 100% (9/9), Independent Committee of Outside Directors 100% (3/3)
*Because Tamaki Kakizaki was newly appointed to be a director and assumed her post at the 104th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 17, 2016, her attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and committee meetings indicates attendance at meetings beginning on June 17, 2016.
Bruce Aronson  Member of the Nomination Committee, Member of the Compensation Committee, Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors
Date of birth (age) May 14, 1952
(65 years of age)
Reasons for appointment as a director
Mr. Tsunoda is a legal expert and a specialist in the Companies Act. Although he has not been directly involved with management, he has served as an outside director for other companies and has rich experience related to corporate law, giving him a high level of insight into management and excellent supervisory ability.
 In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members with
a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as his (1) practical accomplishments as a director and member of the Audit Committee, (2) qualifications and capabilities as a director, (3) experience, and (4) age and number of years in office, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that he is capable of objectively executing his management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
Attendance Board of Directors 100% (8/8), Audit Committee 100% (9/9), Independent Committee of Outside Directors 100% (3/3)
 *Because Daiken Tsunoda was newly appointed to be a director and assumed his post at the 104th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 17, 2016, his attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and committee meetings indicates attendance at meetings beginning on June 17, 2016.
      Term in Office 0 Year Foreign Associate, Nagashima Ohno & Tsunematsu (Law Firm)
Yutaka Tsuchiya
Date of birth (age) June 29, 1952 (65 years of age)
Term in Office 0 Year
No. of the Company’s shares held 0 Jun. 1978
No. of the Company’s shares held 30,663
  Sep. 1983 Aug. 1986 May.2004
Jul. 2004 Jun. 2010
Jul. 2013 Jul. 2017
Associate, Hill, Betts & Nash LLP (Law Firm)
Partner, Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP (Law Firm)
Visiting Associate Professor, Institute of Business Law and Comparative Law & Politics, Graduate Schools for Law and Politics, The University of Tokyo
Professor of Law, Creighton University School of Law
Visiting Scholar, Institute for Monetary and Economic Studies, Bank of Japan
Professor of Law, Hitotsubashi University Graduate School of International Corporate Strategy (current)
Director of the Company (current), Member of the Nomination Committee (current), Member of the Compensation Committee (current), and Member of the Independent Committee of Outside Directors (current)
Apr. 1975 Apr. 2001 Oct. 2004 Jun. 2005 Jun. 2006 Mar. 2008 Jul. 2009
Jul. 2009 Jun. 2010 Jun. 2011 Jun. 2011 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2012 Oct. 2012 Oct. 2012 Apr. 2013 Jun. 2013 Apr. 2014 Jun. 2014 Dec. 2014
Oct. 2015 Apr. 2016 Jun. 2017
Joined the Company
Senior Director, Clinical Research Planning Department, Clinical Research Center of the Company President, Eisai Europe Ltd.
Corporate Officer of the Company
Assigned to Pharmaceuticals Business, Europe of the Company
Chairman & CEO, Eisai Europe Ltd.
Assigned to Corporate Regulatory Compliance, Quality Assurance, Environmental and Safety Affairs of the Company
General Manager, Corporate Regulatory Compliance, Quality Assurance Headquarters of the Company Senior Vice President of the Company
Executive Vice President of the Company
Assigned to Quality Assurance, Public Affairs of the Company
Assigned to Quality Assurance, PR, GR of the Company
Executive Vice President (Representative Corporate Officer) of the Company
Assigned to Global Product Emergency Management of the Company
Assigned to PR, GR of the Company
Assigned to Healthcare Policy of the Company
Representative Corporate Officer and Deputy President of the Company
Assigned to Global Value & Access of the Company
Representative Corporate Officer assigned to Healthcare Policy of the Company Representative Corporate Officer assigned to Healthcare Policy and China Business of the Company
Assigned to Consumer Healthcare Business of the Company
Assigned to hhc Data Creation and Japan and Asia Medical of the Company
Director of the Company (current)
 Reasons for appointment as a director
Mr. Aronson is a practicing attorney and a legal academic with a focus on comparative corporate governance. Although he has not been directly involved with management, he has a high level of insight into management and excellent supervisory ability thanks to an extensive research background that gives him deep knowledge of corporate internal controls, corporate governance, and risk management. In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members with a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as his (1) qualifications and capabilities as a director, (2) experience, and (3) age, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that he is capable of objectively executing his management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
Reasons for appointment as a director
The Company aims to ensure optimum decision-making and the fairness of management through a clear separation of functions between management oversight and business execution, with the Board of Directors dedicated to management oversight. To achieve these aims, the Company appoints inside directors, who are familiar with the Company, to provide support for the practical management of the Board of Directors. In this regard, Mr. Tsuchiya has experience working abroad and has also obtained considerable knowledge and experience through his
work as well as service as a corporate officer. His work experience encompasses areas including pharmaceutical and other quality assurance, public relations, government relations, healthcare policy, R&D-related operations, China operations, and Japanese OTC product-related work.
In addition to constructing a Board of Directors composed of diverse members with a variety of specialized knowledge and experience, etc., the Nomination Committee has considered such factors as his (1) qualifications and capabilities as a director, (2) experience at the Company, and (3) age, etc. The Nomination Committee has determined that he is capable of objectively executing his management oversight duties and is suitable as a director of the Company.
   *Mr. Aronson is newly appointed as a Director in Fiscal 2017.
*Mr. Tsuchiya is newly appointed as a Director in Fiscal 2017.
72

   Corporate Officers (As of June 30, 2017)
Haruo Naito
Representative Corporate Officer and CEO
Hideki Hayashi
Representative Corporate Officer, Japan Business and CIO
Japan Business, hhc Solutions Headquarters, Chief Information Officer
Yasushi Okada
Representative Corporate Officer, CTO, Industry Affairs and China Business
Chief Talent Officer, Industry Affairs, China Business, General Affairs, Environmental and Safety Affairs
Kenta Takahashi
Senior Vice President
General Counsel, Intellectual Property
Edward Stewart Geary
Senior Vice President
Chief Medical Officer, Head of Corporate Medical Affairs Headquarters, Global Safety Board Chair
Gary Hendler
Senior Vice President
Chief Commercial Officer, Oncology Business Group, President, EMEA Region,
Chairman & CEO, Eisai Europe Ltd.
Terushige Iike
Senior Vice President
President, Oncology Business Group
Ryohei Yanagi
Senior Vice President
Chief Financial Officer, Chief IR Officer
Ivan Cheung
Senior Vice President
President, Neurology Business Group, President, Americas Region, Chairman & CEO, Eisai Inc.
Takashi Owa
Vice President
Chief Medicine Creation Officer, Oncology Business Group, Chief Discovery Officer, Oncology Business Group
Yasunobu Kai
Vice President
Chief Planning Officer, Oncology Business Group,
Head of Planning Department, Oncology Business Group
Lynn Kramer
Vice President
Chief Clinical Officer, Neurology Business Group, Chief Medical Officer, Neurology Business Group
Sayoko Sasaki
Vice President President, Asia Region
Junichi Asatani
Vice President
Chief Compliance Officer, Internal Control
Shaji Procida
Vice President
President & COO, Eisai Inc., Oncology Commercial, Americas
Teiji Kimura
Vice President
Chief Discovery Officer, Neurology Business Group,
Head of Neurology Tsukuba Laboratory, Discovery, Medicine Creation, Neurology Business Group
Hidenori Yabune
Vice President
Head of Regional Cooperation Shuto-Ken Headquarters, Eisai Japan
Hiroyuki Kato
Vice President
Head of Medicine Development Center, hhc Data Creation,
Global Product Emergency Management
Alexander Scott
Vice President
Chief Strategy Officer, Neurology Business Group,
Head of Strategy Department, Neurology Business Group
Masayuki Miyajima
Vice President President, Eisai Japan
Tatsuyuki Yasuno
Vice President
Corporate Planning Officer, Head of Corporate Planning Department
Yanhui Feng
Vice President
President, Eisai China Holdings Ltd., President, Eisai China Inc.
Yoshiteru Kato
Vice President
President, Eisai Demand Chain Systems
Mitsuaki Tanaka
Vice President
Corporate Strategy Officer
Shohei Kanazawa
Vice President
Japan Business Strategy,
President, Consumer hhc Business Division, API Solutions
Masatomi Akana
Vice President
Corporate Affairs, Global Value & Access
Hiroyuki Kobayashi
Vice President
Chief Medical Officer Japan and Asia,
Head of Medical Headquarters,
Head of Neurology Medical Department, Medical Headquarters
                                                                                 73
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

  Compliance & Risk Management
Eisai defines compliance as “the observance of the highest legal and ethical standards” and positions it at the core of management activities.
To contain risks within acceptable levels, Eisai is carrying out various initiatives including establishing, developing and implementing internal control systems as well as conducting internal audits.
 Eisai designates a Chief Compliance Officer, who is also the corporate officer responsible for internal control, to supervise
the Corporate Compliance and Risk Management Department and promote compliance and risk management. Eisai defines compliance as “the observance of the highest legal and ethical standards” and positions it at the core of management activities. Eisai implements its compliance program that consists of delivering the message of top management, developing the Code of Conduct and other relevant rules, conducting educational activities, establishing a training system as well as providing consultation services.
In risk management, Eisai defines risk as “the threat or probability that an action or event, will adversely affect the achievement of corporate and/or organizational objectives.” To contain risks within acceptable levels, Eisai is carrying out various initiatives including establishing, developing and implementing internal control systems as well as conducting internal audits.
1. Compliance Promotion
The Corporate Compliance and Risk Management Department works with compliance departments and compliance personnel
in each region to promote compliance globally. These compliance promotion activities periodically undergo objective reviews by a Compliance Committee that consists of external experts such as lawyers and consultants from Japan and overseas. Furthermore, the Compliance Committee provides advice and recommendations to the Chief Compliance Officer.
❶ Establishment of Code of Conduct and Other Relevant Rules and Conducting Educational Activities to Foster Compliance Awareness
Eisai believes that fostering compliance awareness in all officers and employees is essential for ensuring that each officer and employee always engages in corporate activities based on compliance.
For this reason, Eisai made revisions to a Compliance Handbook in fiscal 2016, which outlines Eisai Network Companies (ENW) Charter of Business Conduct and the Code of Conduct. The handbook is available in 17 languages, and was distributed to all officers and employees in the Eisai Group. The handbook was revised to meet social requirements, which included changes to items related to human rights in light of the enforcement of the UK Modern Slavery Act.
The Eisai Group has also created a Compliance Card that contains the contact information for its compliance-related consultation services and shared it with all officers and employees in Eisai network companies in Japan.
The Compliance Handbook
 Eisai continues to conduct training through various means such as compliance workshops (including those designed for directors and officers), e-learning and distribution of case studies in order to foster compliance awareness.
❷ Use of Compliance Counter
The Compliance Counter serves as a point of contact for the whistle-blowing system in Eisai network companies and is set up in respective companies. It is a consultation/contact resource that all officers and employees can use
to seek assistance with interpreting legal provisions and finding answers to questions about whether their own conduct,
or the conduct of their supervisors or co-workers conforms to the compliance policies. Harassment, personal information protection, copyright, ethics guidelines for public servants and industry self-regulation are just some of the many topics that the Compliance Counter handles.
In Japan, the Compliance Counter also provides resources such as whistle-blowing system operated by outside lawyers and contact desk operated by the external counselors, creating an environment that serves to further promote the compliance.
❸ Compliance Awareness Survey
A compliance awareness survey is conducted regularly to monitor compliance awareness and the status of activities among all employees at Eisai network companies and to ensure more effective use of the compliance program. Given the results from the compliance awareness survey in fiscal 2015, Eisai focused on activities to increase reliability in fiscal 2016 so that people could use the Compliance Counter with more peace-of-mind.
74
  
     Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
❹ Prevention of Bribery and Corruption
Based on its strong determination to undertake honest business activities, Eisai formulated the Corporate Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC) Policy for Eisai Network Companies in January 2012. This policy provides common rules for Eisai network companies when dealing with external parties in line with efforts to carry out business activities without bribery or corruption across the Eisai network companies.
As one concrete initiative, Eisai introduced the ABAC due diligence system that uses a web-based system for receiving responses to a globally common questionnaire on the possibility of bribery and corruption that is sent out beforehand to companies with which we plan to newly undertake transactions. By using this system, we have already achieved certain results in reducing risk associated with new business transactions. Based on the thinking of a risk-based approach, this system is being operated giving priority to the Americas region that includes Mexico, Brazil and Canada; the EMEA region that encompasses Russia and Eastern Europe; and China. Eisai is gradually rolling out this system in India and other Asian countries.
Additionally, Eisai is moving ahead with the advanced introduction of a system at overseas subsidiaries that detects signs of potential fraud by monitoring accounting and financial data.
❺ Compliance-based promotion
Eisai conducts ethical promotion globally in accordance with compliance requirements. We disclose information on payments to medical institutions and patient groups, in accordance with the Japan Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association (JPMA) guidelines, and the regulations and guidelines of each country in order to have broad societal understanding that our corporate activities are undertaken based on the highest ethics.
■Setting Forth a Code of Conduct in the Compliance Handbook
Eisai has set forth a code of conduct in the Compliance Handbook that is distributed to all employees to ensure compliance- based promotion. The following is an excerpt from the handbook.
Business Base (ESG)
 ● Eisai markets and promotes its pharmaceutical products worldwide. We provide accurate and balanced scientific information, and promote our products only for the uses for which they have been approved by the applicable regulatory authorities.
● Off-label and false or misleading promotion and promotion of pre-approved drugs are prohibited as they may raise legal, regulatory and product liability issues. The relevant department must approve the content of any promotional materials, and we must avoid improper promotional activities.
● If we are engaged in promotional activities, we are expected to be familiar with the rules governing promotional activities.
■Formulation of Eisai Co., Ltd. Code of Practice
In March 2012, the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA) announced the “IFPMA Code of Practice” (“IFPMA Code”) as a code covering not only marketing activities but also interactions with healthcare professionals, medical institutions and patient organizations, as well as the promotion of medicines. In line with the intent of the IFPMA Code, the “JPMA Code of Practice” was established and implemented by the JPMA. Then Eisai, as a member
of JPMA, established the “Eisai Co., Ltd. Code of Practice” in line with the aforementioned Code. All the executives and employees at Eisai engage in corporate activities with the aim of earning the trust from society by ensuring high level of transparency, ethics and corporate accountability in corporate activities involving researchers, healthcare professionals and patient organizations.
■Disclosure of Information Based on Transparency Guidelines
Eisai has formulated guidelines in accordance with the “Transparency Guideline for the Relation between Corporate Activities and Medical Institutions” and the “Transparency Guideline for the Relation between Corporate Activities and Patient Groups” established by JPMA.
Eisai Policy to ensure transparency in relationships with medical institutions, etc. (Japanese only)
http://www.eisai.co.jp/pdf/social/disclosure/info201508_01.pdf
Guideline for transparency in relationship between company activities and patient groups (Japanese only)
http://www.eisai.co.jp/pdf/social/disclosure/info201304_01.pdf
We disclose payments to medical institutions, healthcare professionals and patient groups in accordance with the aforementioned guidelines on our corporate website.
Disclosure of payments to medical institutions, etc., and healthcare professionals (Japanese only)
http://www.eisai.co.jp/social/disclosure/disclosure.html
Disclosure of payments to patient groups (Japanese only)
http://www.eisai.co.jp/social/disclosure/disclosure02.html
Similar disclosures required in the U.S. and EU countries have been implemented in each region in accordance with local laws and regulations.
75
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Appendix

  2. Risk Management Promotion
In accordance with the Companies Act, Eisai’s Board of Directors formulated the “Rules for Preparing Necessary Systems for Ensuring the Suitability in the Performance of Duties by Corporate Officers.” These rules stipulate that all corporate officers should identify the risks in their duties and establish, develop and implement internal control systems. In response, the corporate officer responsible for internal control established the “ENW Internal Control Policy”, and is establishing, developing and implementing internal control systems covering all Eisai network companies as well as implementing initiatives for containing risk within acceptable levels.
❶ Promoting a Risk Management System and Response to Risks Of all the risks identified by corporate officers and department
managers through Control Self-Assessment (CSA), critical risks are uniformly managed by the Risk Management Committee. Also, Eisai quickly detects its own potential risks through continuous monitoring for external corporate misconduct and prevents these risks from occurring by promptly responding to risks.
The identified risks are evaluated in terms of the degree of impact based on the magnitude of the inherent risk (impact and likelihood of occurrence) and the level of internal control (status of establishment, development and implementation). The priority level of risk response is then determined and risk management is efficiently undertaken.
■Evaluating Degree of Risk Impact Large
Large
Degree of impact
Medium
Small
Priority level
of risk response
High
     ■Eisai’s Risk Management System
Implement internal audit
(Provision of internal, external risk-related information)
Corporate officers Corporate officers
(*CSA: Control Self-Assessment)
Report
Medium Low
Low Medium High Probability of occurrence
High
 <Board of Directors>
・Formulates rules for preparing necessary systems for ensuring the suitability in the performance of duties by corporate officers
・Monitors the status of establishment, development and implementation of internal control systems by corporate officers
 Corporate officer in charge of internal control
     Corporate Internal Audit Department
Risk Management Committee
(chaired by corporate officer in charge of internal control)
Corporate Compliance and Risk Management Department
 Office ・Integrated management of risk-related information
・Make recommendations to and support corporate officers Establish, develop and implement internal control
       Corporate officers
  Provide support for the establishment, development and implementation
of internal control (promote CSA)
 Divisions, departments
Department in charge of risk management Persons in charge of promoting CSA
 ❷ CSA (Control Self-Assessment)
One of the tools used by Eisai for risk management is CSA. CSA is conducted yearly for all department managers in Eisai network companies to identify and evaluate risk in their own structure. Identified risks are dealt with through workshops and others. In addition, CSA ensures the effectiveness of risk management by identifying critical company-wide risk through interviews and submitting reports to corporate officers and by following up on the implementation of risk response by corporate officers.
❸ Internal Audit Activities based on International Standards
Internal audits are voluntary audits that differ from the audits conducted by the Audit Committee and the accounting audits. The Corporate Internal Audit Department is established under the corporate officer responsible for internal control. While implementing internal audits globally, the department cooperates with internal audit departments
in Japan, the U.S., Europe, China and Asia. These internal audits independently and objectively assess whether the execution of duties by corporate officers is being undertaken appropriately and efficiently. The results are reported to the Executive Committee and to the Audit Committee.
To assure high-quality audits that conform to global standards, the Corporate Internal Audit Department undergoes an assessment every year by an external assessment committee composed of outside experts in accordance with the standards of The Institute of Internal Auditors (an international professional association for internal auditors based in the U.S.).
76

     Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
❹ Serious Risks and Measures Taken
The following table outlines risks that could potentially have a serious impact on Eisai’s business activities and measures taken in response to those risks. The risks included in the table are just a selection of those deemed to be serious based on risk assessments. The Risk Management Committee carries out risk assessments, compares risks year-on-year and focuses particularly on risks relating to information management and outsourcing.
Eisai is working to strengthen pharmaceutical quality systems in line with patient needs in order to reliably and continuously produce and supply compliant products that have been confirmed to be safe and effective in accordance with “ICH Q10 Pharmaceutical Quality System Guidelines.”
*For further details, please refer to pages 58-59.
Eisai has established a global pharmacovigilance system and is working
to ensure that its products are used in
an appropriate manner. Activities are spearheaded by the Safety Executive Committee, which consists of safety management supervisors from key areas, and the Global Safety Board, which consists of safety and medical evaluation supervisors for each product.
*For further details, please refer to page 81.
Eisai has set out policies, including the ENW Confidential Information Security Policy, and continues to organize training seminars to ensure that confidential information is handled properly. The Company has also put in place a personal information protection system.
Divisions examine and verify the suitability of each outsourcing partner before outsourcing operations. Eisai also conducts regular audits to ensure that outsourcing partners are carry- ing out operations in an appropriate manner.
Each division formulates an ENW Business Continuity Plan (BCP) to ensure that business can continue or be quickly restored/reinstated. In addition to BCP measures, Eisai also carries out regular reviews to make plans more effective.
Eisai has set out the ENW Environmental Protection Policy and established a company- wide Environment and Safety Committee in order to discuss and make decisions regarding important matters relating to protecting the environment. Individual facilities also establish their own management systems, including obtaining ISO 14001, and carry out their own environmental activities.
*For further details, please refer to page 84.
Eisai is compliant with standards for evaluating, auditing and implementing internal controls in relation to financial reporting in accordance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other applicable legislation. Eisai has put in place effective internal control systems in relation to financial reporting
and ensures that they are operated in an appropriate manner.
Business Base (ESG)
   Risk
Outline
Measures Taken
     Risks relating to product safety and quality
Potential impact on patients’ health or stable product supplies as a result of concerns regarding the safety or quality of products due to raw materials, manufacturing processes or other factors
Potential impact on the company’s results due to product recalls, suspension of sales, etc.
   Risks relating to pharmaceutical safety management (side effect information, etc.)
Eisai is obligated to scientifically evaluate and notify the regulatory authorities regarding
any adverse events or safety precautions associated with the Eisai’s products. Potential impact on patients’ health due
to issues with safety monitoring activities (pharmacovigilance) or provision of safety information
    Risks relating to information management
Potential impact on the Eisai’s competitiveness and/or reputation and potential disadvantages for concerned stakeholders in the event of a leak involving confidential technical or business information, or personal information held by the company
    Risks relating to outsourcing
Potential serious impact on the Eisai’s operations and/or results in the event of research, manufacturing or other selected operations outsourced by the group being suspended for any reason, or in the event
of any issues with research results or manufactured output provided by outsourcing partners
    Risks relating to disasters, etc.
Potential large-scale damage to plants, sales offices and other facilities and potential impact on the group’s activities in the event of a natural disaster such as an earthquake or typhoon, or an accident such as a fire
    Risks relating to the environment
Potential serious impact on the local community and the environment in the event of environmental contamination stemming from one of the group’s facilities
Potential serious impact on results due
to factors such as legal action (closure
of facilities, etc.), remedial environmental measures or compensation for the local community
    Risks relating to financial reporting
Potential for stakeholders to sustain unexpected losses and for significant loss of confidence in the company due to inaccurate financial reporting
           77
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Appendix

   Human Capital
Initiatives in Human Rights, Development of Working Environment and Occupational Safety and Health
Providing our Employees with an Environment Where They Can Maximize Their Capabilities
 Respect for Human Rights Based on International Law
In placing value on United Nations human rights law, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, international treaties related to
civil and political rights as well as international treaties related to economic, social and cultural rights, Eisai has formulated the
Eisai Network Companies (ENW) Charter of Business Conduct, which encompasses global internal rules, and the Compliance Handbook summarizing the Charter. The Compliance Handbook sets forth fair treatment of all employees and the development of an environment where employees can work with enthusiasm. Based on this idea, Eisai strives to follow labor-related laws in all countries where it operates, for example, in terms of minimum wages and appropriate working hours. We respect the human rights and individuality of each employee and ensure that our workplaces are free from unjust discrimination or other forms of unfair treatment based on race, gender, age, physical or mental disorder, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, marital status, presence of children or other circumstances. The same thinking is also reflected in our recruitment, human resources development and promotions.
Based on our position of respecting and protecting human rights, we explicitly stay true to the attitude of not tolerating child labor, forced labor, human trafficking, slavery and any other such acts that may compromise the dignity or respect of an individual by any of ENW or our business partners.
Eisai has become a member of the Industrial Federation for Human Rights, Tokyo, with the aims of promoting understanding
of global human rights issues and raising awareness of human rights as a company. As a member company, we proactively take part in meetings*1, lectures*2, events*3 and other initiatives to discuss global trends, problems and topics. Within Eisai, we have established a Human Rights Awareness Committee that is chaired by the Chief Talent Officer. The committee conducts a variety of activities to enlighten employees through such means as human rights training, e-learning and human rights catch phrases based on our policy for promoting awareness of human rights that we devised. We are aiming to fulfill our social responsibility as a company by instilling respect for human rights as part of our corporate culture.
*1 General Assembly of International Movement Against All Forms of Discrimination and Racism Japan Committee (IMADRA JC) and Universal Declaration of Human Rights Commemorative Gathering in Tokyo *2 Human Rights Seminar
*3 Human Rights Festa Tokyo
Creating a Good Working Environment
Eisai aims to create workplaces where every employee can work toward the achievement of the hhc philosophy with a rewarding sense of satisfaction. At Eisai Co., Ltd., various working options are available for employees depending on their workplaces to ensure work-life balance such as flexible work hours and discretionary working arrangements. In addition, the company provides employees with extensive leave and short-working hours beyond the legal requirements to support their life events such as childcare, nursing care and recovery from injuries. Furthermore, volunteer and organ donor leave are offered to encourage employees’ social contribution activities. Health consultation by industrial physicians and mental health care services are also provided to promote well being of the employees. Through these endeavors, we are striving to create a workplace environment that enables each employee to play an active role.
■Programs for supporting employees in their life events and for self-fulfillment
   Pregnancy morning sickness leave
Allows expectant employees having difficulty working due to morning sickness to take leave three times per pregnancy (up to a total of 15 days).
 Childcare leave
 Allows employees to take leave up until the child’s third birthday in addition to maternity leave (leave available immediately before and after childbirth).
 Caregiving leave
  Allows employees with family members who require caregiving to take up to five days of paid leave per year or leave of up to one year.
  Shorter working time for childcare and caregiving
Allows employees to work shorter hours (reduction of up to two hours per day) for childcare and caregiving. The shorter working hours for childcare are available up until the end of March following the child’s ninth birthday. The program can be used with the flexible working hour program to make adjustments to working hours each month.
 Temporary childcare leave
  Allows employees with pre-school age child(ren) to take up to five days of paid leave per year to attend to their sick child(ren) or for vaccinations and health checkups for their child(ren).
 Volunteer activity leave
Allows employees to take up to five days of paid leave per year for participation in volunteer activities involving health care, welfare or environmental protection led by an organization of a social and public nature.
 Donor leave
 Allows employees who become bone marrow donors to take as many days of paid leave as necessary during the period between their registration as a donor and a checkup performed after the bone marrow harvesting.
 78
  
   Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Relationship with the Labor Union
Since the establishment of Eisai Co., Ltd., employees have been considered the most valuable asset. To this end, and to ensure that employees feel at ease of devoting themselves to their daily work duties, Eisai Co., Ltd. has been working to maintain a fair and healthy relationship with its labor union based on mutual trust and understanding and to build a good working environment.
In recent years, talks between labor and management led to a common understanding that the government-led reforms of working style should be seriously considered, and that Eisai Co., Ltd. must set about changing the awareness of workers and exploring
new plans without delay. To this end, Eisai continues to improve its working environment, for instance, by correcting the practice
of long working hours and introducing a system to allow employees who have to take care of family members to have one work- at-home day on a weekly basis. Based on a healthy relationship between labor and management and by respecting each other’s circumstances, Eisai Co., Ltd. and its labor union work as one to achieve the common goal of ensuring the happiness of employees and the development of the company.
Occupational Safety and Health
Eisai has established the Eisai Network Companies (ENW) Safety & Health Policies based on the fundamental principle of undertaking corporate activities with respect for human dignity and the highest priority placed on safety and health. The policies stipulate a code of conduct for safety and health in seven articles, and we prepare a Safety and Health Management Plan every year in accordance with the policies. Sharing the fundamental principle among all employees, we carry out activities to secure safety and health with the aim of realizing a workplace which will not hurt or cause sickness to anyone.
Under the Industrial Safety and Health Act, committees have been established at each of Eisai’s offices in Japan with 50 employees or more. In the committees, periodic discussions on occupational safety and health are held with labor union representatives. Furthermore, environmental safety committees have been installed at every company, and in order to eliminate industrial accidents throughout the Eisai Group, these environmental safety committees set annual plans to further improve the quality of activities and carry out monitoring of the results and issues of initiatives every six months. In the case of any industrial accident, it is obligatory to submit a report, which is then shared with all offices in order to prevent a similar accident from recurring in the future.
Similarly, major research and production facilities of the Eisai Group in and outside Japan have established their own occupational safety and health management systems and are undertaking relevant activities. These sites and facilities are striving to raise the level of occupational safety and health by appropriately operating their respective management systems and by voluntarily and continually going through the PDCA* cycle. Furthermore, risk assessments are not only carried out on new facilities and buildings, but based
on the Industrial Safety and Health Act amendment in June 2016, are also carried out on positions which involve the handling of chemical substances. In cooperation with industrial physicians and health insurance associations, Eisai also engages in efforts to help its employees stay in good health and grow even healthier, both physically and mentally.
In fiscal 2016, we had more industrial accidents than we did in the previous year, but we had significantly fewer accidents that subsequently necessitated an absence from work. Efforts will continue as we seek to completely eliminate industrial accidents.
* A method for continually improving management operations by repeating the plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle.
Business Base (ESG)
   Eisai Network Companies (ENW) Safety & Health Policies
Fundamental Safety & Health Policy
Eisai and its Group companies (hereafter ENW) place safety and health as a top priority and promote business operations respecting human life and dignity that support a work-life balance.
Safety & Health Guidelines
1. ENW places safety and health as a top priority in all business operations and continuously pursues a policy of no accidents, injuries or disasters.
2. ENW places safety and health as a top priority at all stages of corporate activities from research and development, production, distribution, sales to product usage and disposal.
3. ENW constructs and operates a safety and health management system, and promotes this in all operations.
4. ENW complies with all applicable laws, regulations and agreements concerning safety and health, and each Group company
implements voluntary standards that exceed the minimum standards set forth in the applicable laws, regulations and agreements.
5. ENW actively introduces advanced technology to be at the forefront of safety technology.
6. ENW shares the fundamental safety and health policy, and implements educational training to strengthen specialties at each workplace progressively and continuously.
7. ENW actively discloses information on policies, objectives, programs and results concerning safety and health.
  79
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Appendix

   Social and Relationship Capital
Social Contribution Activities
Conducting various social contribution activities beyond the scope of our business operations
 It goes without saying that Eisai contributes to the lives of patients through its products, but Eisai also works to earn the trust of all members of society as a good corporate citizen. Eisai strives to contribute to society based on the corporate hhc philosophy beyond the scope of business operations by undertaking programs that contribute to the advancement of medical science and interaction with the local community.
Naito Museum of Pharmaceutical Science and Industry
The Naito Museum of Pharmaceutical Science and Industry (Gifu), Japan’s first museum devoted to pharmaceuticals, was established in 1971 by Toyoji Naito, the founder of Eisai. Admission is free of charge, and visitors can view approximately 2,000 items selected from the museum’s collection of more than 65,000 materials and 62,000 books. Adjacent to the museum is a medicinal herbal garden, where 700 different types of medicinal herbs and trees are grown in addition to 50 types of endangered medicinal herbs being cultivated for the preservation of biodiversity. In fiscal 2016, 40,480 people visited the museum.
On July 21, 2016, the Orange Café opened in the museum as a venue for gathering dementia patients and their families
as well as residents of the local community. The café was established based on the concept of “a place where those who have been affected by dementia can also gather and be full
of good cheer and spirit.” The café opens on the 21st of each month. Eisai employees participate in café events and hold conversations with various participants.
The Health Care Science Institute
The Health Care Science Institute was established in 1990, funded by a donation marking the 50th anniversary of the foundation of Eisai Co., Ltd., with the aim of promoting the progress of medical therapy and human welfare in Japan
by conducting economic surveys and research related to medical therapy and pharmaceuticals; conducting surveys
and research focused on R&D, manufacturing, distribution
and other subjects related to pharmaceuticals; and promoting academic research and surveys related to pharmaceuticals and associated sciences. In addition to publishing the Healthcare and Society periodical outlining research achievements, the Institute organizes research conventions and symposia to provide venues for discussions among specialists.
▶ http://www.iken.org/english/message.html Eisai hhc Hotline
In April 1990, Eisai Co., Ltd. established its “Customer Hotline” for patients, consumers and healthcare providers, ahead of other companies in the industry. Afterward, the hotline was renamed the Eisai hhc hotline, and has been responding to inquiries about a wider range of products. The toll-free hotline is available 365 days a year.
In February 2017, the number of inquiries exceeded 2 million in total. The mission of the Eisai hhc hotline is to relieve concerns of patients and healthcare providers, and provide precise information for proper use of Eisai products. In addition, inquiries or opinions to the hotline are shared within the company, and utilized for development and improvement of products as well as provision of information or services in order to address the diverse potential needs of patients and healthcare providers.
▶ http://www.eisai.co.jp/inquiry/product/hotline.html (Japanese only)
 ▶ http://www.eisai.co.jp/museum/english/index.html
The Naito Foundation
The Naito Foundation was established in 1969 by Eisai and its founder, Toyoji Naito, to contribute to the advancement of science and human welfare by encouraging basic research
in natural sciences related to the prevention and treatment of disease. Each year, the Foundation provides financial support for leading-edge researchers. In fiscal 2016, the Foundation provided financial support totaling ¥548.13 million for 242 projects, including science promotion prizes and science incentive grants.
▶ https://www.naito-f.or.jp/en/
■Total numbers of inquiries to Eisai hhc hotline (million)
2
1
0
Exceeded 2 million
    80
1990 1995
2000 2005 2010 2016
(fiscal year)
   
  Social and Relationship Capital
Initiatives for Pharmaceutical Product Safety and Side Effects
Fulfilling our responsibility as a pharmaceutical company
  Pharmaceutical Product Safety and Side Effect Information
The value of pharmaceutical products can be fully deployed through proper usage upon correctly understanding the risks and benefits. Pharmacovigilance (pharmaceutical product safety monitoring) is defined by WHO as “the science and action relating to the detection, assessment, understanding and prevention of adverse effects or any other drug-related problem” and pharmacovigilance is indispensable for properly evaluating the balance between the risks and benefits of pharmaceutical products.
Eisai works to ensure that its products are used properly
in countries around the world by providing updated product information to healthcare professionals and patients in a timely manner. For updating, we continually collect and evaluate product safety information worldwide spanning the initial stage of pharmaceutical product development through to post launch.
Global Safety Information Management System
Eisai has established a global pharmacovigilance system for products that is centered on “Safety Executive Committee”, which mainly composed of persons responsible for safety management in each main region, and “Global Safety Board”, which mainly composed of persons responsible for safety evaluations for each product. Under this system, Eisai has prescribed global standards for uniform product safety profiles and is making responses to thoroughly assure the proper usage of its products through discussions on issues concerning pharmaceutical safety that consider the latest information on healthcare and regulations in countries around the world.
Japan Risk Management Plan (J-RMP) for Pharmaceuticals
The Risk Management Plan (RMP) for pharmaceuticals identifies issues for discussion concerning the safety of individual pharmaceutical products. In addition, it documents initiatives for reducing risk such as surveys and information gathering for each product through safety monitoring activities utilizing Post-Marketing Surveillance and Early Post-marketing Phase Vigilance as well as providing additional information to healthcare professionals. Eisai has been operating J-RMP since 2013 in order to promote the proper use of pharmaceutical products.
Initiatives against Counterfeit Drugs
As the globalization of the development and distribution of pharmaceutical products accelerates remarkably, there have been reports of an increasing risk of counterfeit drugs not only in developing countries and emerging countries but also in developed countries. In addition to its regular quality-assurance activities, Eisai is implementing global product security activities to ensure that its products are reliably delivered to patients. In collaboration with regulatory authorities, other companies in the industry and industry groups, Eisai is actively participating in monitoring and establishing measures against counterfeit drugs and the illegal distribution of drugs. When an actual case is detected, Eisai responds quickly by undertaking investigations, taking various legal steps and assuring stable supplies, with these efforts led by the Product Security Execution Committee.
To prevent counterfeit drugs and illegally distributed
drugs from reaching the front-lines of medical care, it is necessary to more accurately ascertain the actual state of
drug distribution and ensure the proper and safe supply
and use of pharmaceuticals. For these reasons, initiatives to ensure the traceability of pharmaceutical distribution are being implemented in regions worldwide and some countries and regions have already established regulations. Eisai is proactively participating in these types of initiatives promoted by regulatory authorities, pharmaceutical companies and the front-lines of medical care and is also responding quickly to regulations
in such countries as China and India. Looking ahead, Eisai
will start up internal projects in each region and proceed with preparations for making the quickest possible responses in
the U.S. and Europe, where traceability systems as part of the social infrastructure are scheduled for introduction.
 81
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
  
   Social and Relationship Capital
Eisai’s Partnership Initiatives
Aiming to Improve Business Efficiency and Productivity by Leveraging Partnerships
  Eisai believes that partnerships are an extremely effective means of improving business efficiency and productivity. While we engage in a diverse array of collaboration models, such partnerships can be broadly divided into “Partnerships aimed at creating innovation in therapeutic areas of focus” and “Partnerships aimed at expanding access to medicines.”
Eisai will continue to make effective use of partnerships as we endeavor to fully satisfy patients’ needs around the world.
(* Details of the agreements below are as of the end of May 2017.)
Partnerships aimed at creating innovation in therapeutic areas of focus
 Neurology Area
Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
Change of licensing agreement for exclusive commercialization of
the antiobesity agent lorcaserin hydrochloride (generic name, name
in U.S. : BELVIQ/BELVIQ XR, hereafter BELVIQ) that was concluded in December 2016. Based on the change in the agreement, Eisai acquired all development and marketing rights for BELVIQ from Arena Pharmaceuticals.
BIAL-Portela & Ca, S.A. (Portugal) Corporation License for marketing and co-promotion of the antiepileptic agent Zebinix
(generic name: eslicarbazepine acetate) in Europe
BioArctic AB (Sweden) Corporation
Exclusive license agreement for worldwide research and development, manufacturing and sales of the anti-beta amyloid (Aβ) protofibril antibody BAN2401 for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease
Biogen Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
1. Joint development/joint sales promotion related to the beta-site amyloid precursor protein-cleaving enzyme (BACE) inhibitor E2609 and the antibeta-amyloid (A-beta) protofibril antibody BAN2401
2. Acquisition of option rights related to joint development/joint sales promotion of the anti-Alzheimer’s agents anti-Aβantibody aducanumab (BIIB037) and the anti-tau antibody under development by Biogen Inc.
Acquisition of the rights from the two companies for manufacturing active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) for Japan for the insomnia treatment/ anaesthesia induction agent flunitrazepam (Eisai product name: Silece®, Chugai product name: Rohypnol®) as well as the marketing authorization held by Chugai for Rohypnol in Japan
Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation License agreement for manufacturing and sales of the antiepileptic agent
Zonegran (generic name: zonisamide) in Europe and Asia
JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation
Agreement for feasibility study for applying the JCR’s blood-brain-barrier (BBB) penetration technology “J-Brain Cargo” to the discovery of new treatments
Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation
License agreement for the commercialization of safinamide (development code: ME2125) in Japan and Asia currently under clinical development in Japan for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease
Novartis AG (Switzerland) Corporation License agreement for worldwide development, manufacturing and sales
of the antiepileptic agent Inovelon/Banzel (generic name: rufinamide)
Orion Corporation (Finland) Corporation
1. Comprehensive marketing agreement concerning Parkinson’s disease treatment Eldepryl (generic name: selegiline hydrochloride) in China
2. Marketing and distribution agreement concerning Parkinson’s disease
treatments Comtan® (generic name: entacapone) and Stalevo® (levodopa/entacapone/carbidopa three-compound combination agent) in China
Pfizer Inc. (U.S.) Corporation Co-promotion of the pain treatment Lyrica (generic name: pregabalin) in
Japan
Purdue Pharma L.P. (U.S.) Corporation Agreement for global co-development and co-promotion of the dual orexin
receptor antagonist lemborexant (development code: E2006)
Sysmex Corporation (Japan) Corporation Comprehensive non-exclusive collaboration agreement for creating new
diagnostics in the dementia area
Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (U.S.) Corporation Exclusive license for the development and marketing of the anti-insomnia
agent Lunesta (generic name: eszopiclone) in Japan
Johns Hopkins University (U.S.) Academia Collaboration agreement for neurological drug discovery research
Keio University (Japan) Academia Implementation of new joint research for the discovery and development of
new drugs targeting dementia
University College London (UCL) (U.K.) Academia
1. In the neurodegenerative disease field encompassing biomarker research, carry out joint research that includes 1) research concerning neuroinflammation, 2) research concerning neurovascular/mitochondria, and 3) research concerning proteostasis
2. Agreement to form major drug discovery alliance to develop new therapeutics for neurological diseases
            Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Japan),
F. Hoffman-La Roche Ltd. (Switzerland) Corporation
       82
  
   Company Introduction Management Strategies
Oncology Area
Epizyme, Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
Partnership in development and commercialization of the anticancer therapies targeting EZH2, including E7438 within Japan, as well as regarding the right of first negotiation for licensing rights in Asia
Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
Collaboration agreement for evaluating Halaven in first-line HER2-negative advanced breast cancer in combination with Halozyme’s investigational new drug PEGPH20, a PEGylated recombinant human hyaluronidase
Helsinn Healthcare S.A. (Switzerland) Corporation
License for the antiemetic agent Aloxi (generic name: palonosetron) in the U.S. and Canada (transferred following the acquisition of MGI Pharma, Inc. on January 28, 2008)
PRISM Pharma Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation Joint research and development concerning CBP/catenin inhibitor E7386
and others
SymBio Pharmaceuticals Limited (Japan) Corporation
1. Exclusive license on joint development and marketing of the anticancer agent Treakisym/Symbenda (generic name: bendamustine) in Japan
2. Exclusive development and marketing licenses in Singapore and South
Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG)
      Korea
Other Areas (gastrointestinal disease, and others)
AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG (Germany)
Corporation
    HUYA Bioscience International, LLC (U.S.)
Corporation
Development, sales and co-promotion of the fully human anti-TNF-α monoclonal antibody injectable agent Humira (generic name: adalimumab) in Japan, Taiwan and South Korea (EA Pharma and AbbVie undertake co- promotion for indications in the area of gastrointestinal disease (ulcerative colitis, Crohn’s disease and intestinal Bechet’s disease))
Ajinomoto Co., Inc. (Japan) Corporation
Agreement for integrating (absorption type split) Eisai’s gastrointestinal disease treatment business with Ajinomoto Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Establishment of EA Pharma Co., Ltd.)
Acquisition of exclusive license to develop and market the oral histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor HBI-8000 in Japan, South Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Vietnam and Singapore
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA Corporation
Agreement for joint research on combination therapies of Merck & Co., Inc.’s (Kenilworth, NJ, USA) anti-PD-1 therapy, pembrolizumab, with Eisai’s anticancer agents Lenvima (generic name: lenvatinib) and Halaven (generic name: eribulin)
Novartis AG (Switzerland) Corporation
Agreement with Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (U.S.) on co- promotion of Lenvima in combination with everolimus in the U.S. for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma
Orion Corporation (Finland) Corporation Comprehensive marketing agreement concerning Orion’s breast
cancer drug Fareston (generic name: toremifene citrate) in China
Partnerships aimed at expanding access to medicines
Minophagen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Corporation
         Access Accelerated Global Partnership
Participation in a multi-stakeholder global partnership to advance access to non-communicable diseases (NCDs) prevention, treatment and care in low and lower-middle income countries
Broad Institute (U.S.) Research Institute
1. Joint research aimed at the development of new treatments for Chagas disease and malaria
2. Concluded a new joint-research agreement to develop a new antimalarial medicine based on antimalarial drug targets the joint research team identified in 2016
1. Collaboration and licensing agreement for new drug development for Chagas’ disease and eumycetoma
2. Participation in the Drug Discovery Booster Consortium formed by DNDi with the aim of accelerating the discovery of new drugs for leishmaniasis and Chagas disease
Participation in public-private partnership aimed at bringing Japanese innovation to accelerate development of new medicines to cure infectious diseases in the developing world
1. Agreement for joint research for creating Wolbachia inhibitors (new antifilarial agents)
2. Agreement for joint research for developing antimalarial drugs
Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator Global Partnership
Participation in global partnership aimed at developing new drugs for filariasis (especially river blindness)
Exclusive rights for the development and marketing of liver disease/allergic disease agents Stronger Neo-Minophagen C (generic name: glycyrrhizic acid, combination preparation) and Glycyron Tablets (generic name: glycyrrhizic acid, combination tablets) in Euro-Asian countries where the products have not yet been sold, as well as exclusive first negotiation rights for exclusive marketing rights in China and other Euro-Asian countries where the products are already sold
University of Tsukuba (Japan) Academia Agreement for industry-academia joint research for the development of
new drugs for inflammatory bowel disease that use biomarkers
Agreement for joint research for the development of new antimalarial drugs
Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz) (Brazil) Research Institution
Identify research development collaboration projects targeting Eisai- developed compounds for the treatment of malaria and NTDs, and conduct joint research and development
     Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative
(DNDi ) (Switzerland) Not-for-profit R&D organization
University of Kentucky (U.S.)
Hospital
Agreement for joint research aimed at developing new antimalarial agent
Sabin Vaccine Institute (U.S.) Research Institute Agreement for joint research for development of new vaccines for Chagas’
  Global Health Innovative Technology Fund
(GHIT Fund) (Japan) Non-Profit Public-Private Partnership
disease
Tuberculosis Drug Accelerator (TBDA)
Global Partnership
 Participation in global partnership aimed at creating innovative new drugs for tuberculosis
World Health Organization (WHO) (Switzerland) UN Agency
Agreement for providing free of charge DEC (diethylcarbamazine) tablets, a treatment for lymphatic filariasis, and participation in partnership for providing lymphatic filariasis diagnostic kits free of charge to endemic areas
Participation in consortium sponsored by WIPO for promoting the development of new drugs for tropical diseases
  Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine (U.K.) ,
University of Liverpool (U.K.) Academia
World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO) (Switzerland) UN Agency
Appendix
   83
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Medicines for Malaria Venture
(MMV) (Switzerland) Non-Profit Public-Private Partnership

   Natural Capital
Business with Consideration for the Global Environment
      Eisai conducts business operations seeking coexistence with the global environment. Based on the Eisai Network Companies (ENW) Environmental Protection Policy, all employees recognize the importance of environmental protection and incorporate an environmental perspective in working to solve social issues. In promoting business expansion into countries across the world, Eisai will fulfill its corporate social responsibility by focusing on reducing environmental impact at each stage of business.
Developing a Management System for Protecting the Global Environment
Eisai established the company-wide Environment and Safety Committee as a decision-making body for deliberation of important environmental protection issues. Moreover, Eisai develops its own management system in each of its offices
in an effort to facilitate its environmental activities. At our
major production bases in Japan and overseas, we engage in activities that are based on the acquisition of ISO14001 so that we can check the validity of the environmental management system through external reviews. In addition to observing environment-related laws, ordinances and agreements, we periodically conduct internal environmental audits by an organization specializing in internal auditing to identify and solve issues.
Formation of a Low-Carbon Society:
Aiming to Reduce Domestic CO2 Emissions by 23% compared to Fiscal 2005 by Fiscal 2020
  Business locations that have acquired ISO14001 certification
Kawashima Plant (Japan), Kashima Plant (Japan), EA Pharma (Fukushima Office, Research Institute, Head office) (Japan), Suzhou Plant (China) and Vizag Plant (India)
Serious problem(s) detected by external environment-related review agencies
FY2016 0
Number of administrative measures and lawsuits relating to the environment
FY2016 0
Environmental communication
Publication of environmental reports, organizing local meetings, administrative committee meetings and others
 Eisai is promoting initiatives for the formation of a low-carbon society to help solve the problem of climate change. Eisai is participating in the Commitment to a Low Carbon Society initiated by the Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers’ Associations of Japan (FPMAJ), and the Eisai Group in Japan is implementing relevant initiatives based on its own medium- term plan for the reduction of CO2 emissions. More specifically, we aim at reducing domestic CO2 emissions by 23% compared to fiscal 2005 by fiscal 2020.
In fiscal 2016, even though our domestic CO2 emissions increased following the increased number of production and research bases due to the establishment of EA Pharma, the Kawashima Plant drastically reduced its CO2 emissions by taking actions such as proactively introducing energy-saving equipment and improving its operations. As a result, our total CO2 emissions were slightly reduced in fiscal 2016 compared with the previous year. Our domestic CO2 emissions in fiscal 2016 were reduced by 33.1%*1 compared to fiscal 2005.
Furthermore, revenue per CO2 emissions, one of the eco- efficiency indices, has been increasing in recent years as a result of our medium- and long-term efforts to reduce CO2 emissions.
*1 Where the carbon emission factor based on the use of electricity is assumed to be 0.403t-CO2/MWh as in the evaluation of the Eisai group target
■Eisai CO2 Emissions*2
(CO2/t)
200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000 0
Overseas operation sites Eisai groups in Japan
145,250 153,952
160,736 163,782
 123,135 131,282
139,015
         2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
(FY)
*2 Emissions from business activities at offices outside Japan and vehicles for sales use are not included.
■Revenue/CO2 Emissions*3 5.00
120,536 118,943
     Domestic CO2 Emissions Reduction Target
23% reduction compared to fiscal 2005 by fiscal 2020
➡
Domestic CO2 Emissions Fiscal 2016 Result
33.1% reduction*1 compared to fiscal 2005
84
4.00 3.00 2.00 1.00
0
3.57
FY2012
3.66
FY2013
3.95
FY2014
4.55 4.53
FY2015 FY2016
 *3 Consolidated revenue (million yen) / global CO2 emissions (CO2/t)
  
   Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Establishment of a Recycling-Oriented Society Zero Emissions Have Been Achieved in Japan for Nine Consecutive Years
Business Base (ESG)
 Eisai is conducting waste disposal with three goals in mind: reduce the amount of waste generated, increase the rate of recycling and decrease the amount of waste sent to landfill. We also sort waste for recycling and select the best waste disposal contractors possible in a timely manner. Furthermore, we are working to process recycling that has value in the market and to reduce disposal costs.
In fiscal 2016, we have domestically attained “zero emissions”, which indicates a ratio of the amount of waste sent to landfill to the total waste of less than 1%, for nine consecutive years.
■Total Waste and Ratio of Amount of Waste Sent to Landfill in Japan
(t) 10,000
9,000 8,000 7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
*The data was revised due to recalculation
(%)
2.5
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5
0.0
Total waste
Amount of waste sent to landfill / total waste)
  6,555
7,410
 6,280
4,001*
0.79* 3,481 0.28
■Global Water Consumption and Amount of Wastewater
  4,917
   Waste Reduction Target in Japan
Continuation of zero emissions (amount of waste sent to landfill / total waste < 1%)
➡
Fiscal 2016 Result Attained for nine consecutive years
Handling the Risk of Water Shortage through the Efficient Use of Water Resources
0.35 0.45 0.50* 0.50
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Appendix
2,935
  0.43
 (FY)
 In recent years, the number of regions suffering from
severe water shortages due to climate change and other environmental changes has been increasing worldwide and the importance of effective use of water resources is rising year by year.
To handle the risk of water shortages, Eisai tries to secure the quality of water discharged from its plants and laboratories. We perform regular measurement and ensure that the amount of pollutant emissions to domestic waters is below the standard defined by the Water Pollution Control Law and the agreements on pollution prevention. We are also committed to reducing water consumption and drainage and to facilitating the reuse of water. As a result, our water consumption and drainage from our facilities in Japan are decreasing in recent years.
Also, the results of our internal research indicate that the sites of Eisai’s plants and laboratories are not situated in high- risk areas that would force them to suspend operations due to water shortages in the near future.
(thousand m3) 4,500
4,000 3,786
Water consumption Amount of wastewater
 3,500 3,000
2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
3,225
2011
3,562 2,948
2012
3,820
3,125 3,323 2,693
2013 2014
3,453
2,770
2015
3,147 2,446
2016 (FY)
  Rated “A-” in the CDP* Climate Change Report 2016:
The Highest Rating among the Companies in the Health Care Sector in Japan
 In 2016, the CDP evaluation system rated Eisai as “A-”, which is equivalent to the “Leadership”
level. The CDP evaluation system evaluates the status of implementation of a company’s
environmental management activities on a scale of one to eight (A, A- to D and D-) on four
different levels including leadership, management, recognition and information disclosure.
“Leadership” is the highest level which only the A or A- rated companies can be classified into.
The highest rating for the Japanese health care sector is A-, which only five companies achieved. Also see the following links of CDP for information such as energy-saving activities that may lead to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
▶ https://www.cdp.net/en 
*Formerly known as Carbon Disclosure Project, a non-profit organization based in London, run in collaboration with institutional investors. Requests information relating to climate change, water, and forests from companies with top ranking market capitalization in principal countries and discloses the information to the government and investors.
See the Environmental Report for more detailed information about our environmental activities▶ http://www.eisai.com/ir/annual/index.html
 85
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

   Financial Capital
Consolidated Financial Highlights Results for Fiscal 2016
Achieved increase in profit in fiscal 2016
Secured financial integrity balancing stable dividend and strategic investment
  FY2016
539.1
195.9
343.2
117.2
174.9
13.6
5.6
59.1
42.2
39.4
36.8
  Financial Indicators (IFRS)
〈Income Statement Items〉 Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Research and development expenses*
Selling, general and administrative expenses*
Other income
Other expenses
Operating profit
Profit for the year
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent
Comprehensive income for the year
FY2015
547.9 194.5 353.5 122.3 192.8
17.7 4.1 51.9 55.0 54.9 16.5
FY2014
548.5 193.6 354.9 131.9 194.5
Billion yen (Reference data)
FY2013 Financial Indicators (J-GAAP)
〈Income Statement Items〉 599.5 Net sales
194.7 Cost of sales 404.8 Gross profit
Research and development 136.3 expenses
Selling, general and administrative 203.3 expenses
FY2013
600.4 188.2 412.2 130.5 210.5
71.1 64.9 33.0
FY2012 FY2011
573.7 648.0 174.1 173.4 399.6 474.6 120.4 125.1 208.7 253.7
70.5 95.7 65.6 90.0 48.3 58.5
FY2010
768.9 167.8 601.1 145.0 343.0
113.1 105.2 67.4
FY2009
803.2 160.7 642.4 179.1 376.9
86.4 79.7 40.3
FY2008
781.7 152.5 629.3 156.1 381.4
91.8 82.6 47.7
Billion yen
FY2007
734.3 118.8 615.5 225.4 372.3
17.7
18.9 (17.0)
    1.0 4.1 1.1 2.8
28.3 43.5 43.3
66.4 Operating income 38.5 Ordinary income 38.3 Net income (loss)
  81.1 60.4 79.4
* Free cash flow = (Net cash from operating activities) - (Capital expenditures (cash basis))
66.4
945.5 506.8
54.5 71.4 100.3 52.9 59.3 (415.9)
990.2 1,004.7 1,046.3 1,101.9 1,148.2 1,123.9 469.4 416.8 404.2 415.9 428.0 448.9
114.2 84.5
* From fiscal 2017, Eisai has clarified the definition of research and development expenses in order to more accurately reflect the condition of the business, and this has resulted in a portion of expenses relating to medical affairs activities, such as creation and provision of scientific evidence for health care providers, being apportioned to research and development expenses. The figures for fiscal 2016 have been revised and restated to reflect this change.
<Cash Flow Statement Items>
Net cash from operating activities Net cash from investing activities Net cash from financing activities Free cash flow*
95.6 (6.7)
76.0 91.3
(18.8) 20.9
<Cash Flow Statement Items>
Net cash from operating activities 85.7 73.2 90.6 123.2 107.9 105.0 73.2
Net cash from investing activities 26.2 21.7 (2.6) (58.8) (69.8) (55.0) (476.4) Net cash from financing activities (114.8) (81.8) (78.0) (68.0) (49.2) (31.0) 375.4
 75.9
(28.6)
(35.4)
82.0
 (72.9) (59.7) (115.1)
Free cash flow*
  <Financial Position Items>
Total assets
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
974.0 1,053.8 973.8
<Balance Sheet Items>
Total assets Shareholders’ equity
 1,030.8
584.6
18.0
428.2
 Non-controlling interests Total liabilities
Revenue
573.7 3.2 397.2
598.7 526.3 3.3 3.1 451.8 444.4
599.5 548.5
547.9
54.9
(Billion yen)
39.4
79.4
(Billion yen)
539.1 66.4
Operating profit
51.9 28.3
Profit for the year (attributable to owners of the parent)
Free cash flow
81.1 82.0
60.4
(Billion yen)
59.1
(Billion yen)
         38.3 43.3
         FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016
FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016
FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016
FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016
86
  
   Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG)
Appendix
 FY2016
21.7
6.8
7.8
1.8
0.5
56.7
(0.05)
7.4
109.0
137.6
150.0
 Managerial Indices (IFRS)
Ratio of R&D expenses to revenue (%)
Return on equity attributable to owners of the parent (ROE) (%)
Return on sales ratio (%)
Leverage (times)
Total capital turnover ratio (no. of times)
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent (%)
Net debt equity ratio (Net DER)*1 (times)
Dividend on equity attributable to owners of the parent (DOE)(%)*2
Dividend payout ratio (DPR)(%)
Earnings per share (basic) (EPS) (yen)
Dividend per share (DPS) (yen)
FY2015 FY2014 FY2013 22.3 24.1 22.7 9.4 7.7 7.6 10.0 7.9 6.4 1.7 1.8 1.9 0.5 0.5 0.6 58.9 56.8 54.0 0.01 0.06 0.14 7.3 7.6 8.5
78.0 99.0 111.8
192.2 151.6 134.1
150.0 150.0 150.0
(Reference data)
Managerial Indices (J-GAAP)
Ratio of R&D expenses to net sales (%)
Return on equity (ROE) (%) Return on sales ratio (%)
Leverage (times)
Total capital turnover ratio (no. of times)
Shareholders’ equity ratio (%)
Net debt equity ratio (Net DER) (times) Dividend on equity (DOE) (%) Dividend payout ratio (DPR)(%)
Earnings per share (EPS) (yen) Dividend per share (DPS) (yen)
FY2013 FY2012 21.7 21.0 6.8 10.9 5.5 8.4 1.9 2.1 0.6 0.6 53.6 47.4 0.14 0.27 8.8 9.6 129.8 88.6
115.6 169.4 150.0 150.0
FY2011 FY2010 FY2009 FY2008 FY2007 19.3 18.9 22.3 20.0 30.7 14.3 16.4 9.6 10.9 (3.4)
9.0 8.8 5.0 6.1 (2.3) 2.4 2.6 2.6 2.7 2.5 0.6 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.8
41.5 38.6 37.7 37.3 39.9 0.38 0.49 0.62 0.63 0.64 10.4 10.4 10.1 9.1 7.4 73.1 63.4 105.9 83.7 -
Company Introduction Management Strategies
 205.3 236.5 141.6 167.3
150.0 150.0 150.0 140.0 130.0
(59.8)
 *1 Net debt equity ratio (Net DER) = (Interest-bearing debt - Cash and cash equivalents - Time deposits exceeding 3 months) / Equity attributable to owners of the parent *2 Dividend on equity attributable to owners of the parent (DOE) = Dividend payout ratio (DPR) x Return on equity attributable to owners of the parent (ROE)
 Statement of Income -Achieved increase in profit-
While an increase was recorded following growth of Lenvima (anticancer agent, product name for renal cell carcinoma indication in Europe: Kisplyx) and Fycompa (antiepileptic agent) as well as the contribution from newly added consolidated subsidiary EA Pharma Co., Ltd., the Group’s revenue in fiscal 2016 finished overall at ¥539,097 million (down 1.6% year on year) due in part to the impact of national drug price revisions in Japan and foreign currency fluctuations. By segment, revenue from the Group’s Japan pharmaceutical business and Asia pharmaceutical business increased. Similarly, on a local currency basis, all overseas pharmaceutical businesses also achieved growth.
Operating profit totaled ¥59,064 million (up 13.7% year on year) owing to improved performance and efficiency in operations, as well as one-off income following the acquisition of EA Pharma shares (gain from a bargain purchase) and receipt of milestone payments for progress on joint R&D projects. Profit for the year came to ¥42,246 million (down 23.3% year on year), owing to the reduced tax expenses following a transfer of shares in a U.S. subsidiary in the previous fiscal year, while profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent came to ¥39,358 million (down 28.4% year on year).
 Statement of Financial Position -Secured financial integrity-
Total assets as of the end of this fiscal year amounted to ¥1,030,764 million (up ¥56,777 million from the end of the previous fiscal year). While assets held for sale decreased following the transfer of Sannova Co., Ltd., this was countered by an increase in total assets following the acquisition of EA Pharma Co., Ltd.
Total liabilities as of the end of this fiscal year amounted to ¥428,173 million (up ¥31,014 million from the end of the previous fiscal year) despite a decrease in liabilities directly related to assets held for sale following the transfer of Sannova Co., Ltd., in part due to an increase in total assets following the acquisition of EA Pharma Co., Ltd.
Total equity as of the end of this fiscal year amounted to ¥602,591 million (up ¥25,762 million from the end of the previous fiscal year) due to an increase in non-controlling interests and capital surplus following the acquisition of EA Pharma Co., Ltd.
As a result of the above, the ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent was 56.7% (down 2.2 percentage points from the end of the previous fiscal year). Furthermore, the net debt equity ratio (Net DER) as of the end of this fiscal year was improved by 0.06 percentage points from the end of the previous fiscal year, to −0.05 (net cash position).
 Statement of Cash Flow -Secured free cash flow, exceeding annual dividend payment of ¥42,905 million-
Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to ¥75,851 million (down ¥19,766 million from the previous fiscal year). Net cash used in investing activities amounted to ¥28,596 million (outflow up by ¥21,896 million from the previous fiscal year). Net cash inflows on acquisition and sale of subsidiaries were ¥19,346 million and ¥6,459 million, respectively. Capital expenditures, etc., resulted in an inflow of ¥6,102 million.
Net cash used in financing activities amounted to ¥35,440 million (down ¥37,504 million from the previous fiscal year). The amount of dividends paid was ¥42,905 million.
As a result, cash and cash equivalents as of the end of this fiscal year stood at ¥81,953 million (up ¥836 million from the end of the previous fiscal year).
87
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

  ESG Index
Aiming for a Sustainable Increase in Corporate Value
 Eisai publishes a social responsibility index and an ESG (Environment, Social and Governance) index to its stakeholders to make a comprehensive assessment of its corporate activities from an objective viewpoint.
Scope of data : ■Eisai Group (Eisai Co., Ltd. and Group companies in and outside Japan)
■Eisai Co., Ltd. ■Eisai Group in Japan (Eisai Co., Ltd. and Group companies in Japan)
(Data for subsidiaries and businesses transferred is included until the date the transfer was completed)
■Corporate Governance and Compliance Indexes
     Index
Period
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
     Number of directors
At fiscal year end
11
11
11
     Number of outside directors
At fiscal year end
7
7
7
     Ratio of outside directors to all directors
At fiscal year end
63.6%
63.6%
63.6%
     Ratio of female directors to all directors
At fiscal year end
9.1%
9.1%
9.1%
     Number of corporate officers
At fiscal year end
22
25
27
     Ratio of female corporate officers to all corporate officers
At fiscal year end
9.1%
8.0%
14.8%
     Average age of corporate officers
At fiscal year end
53.1
53.6
52.9
      Remuneration (base salary, bonuses, retirement benefits)
Directors (internal)
At fiscal year end
¥114 million
¥113 million
¥113 million
             Directors (outside)
At fiscal year end
¥76 million
¥74 million
¥74 million
             Corporate officers
At fiscal year end
     Number of times compliance training offered
Number of times offered
Annually
¥976 million
56
¥1,310 million
47
¥1,247 million
 62
             Number of executive training courses
Annually
2
2
2
             Total participants
Annually
Approx. 5,000
Approx. 4,600
Approx. 5,800
      Number of times human rights training offered
Number of times offered
Annually
28
30
34
             Participants
Annually
2,405
5,001
5,457
      Number of cases subject to investigation by the authorities due to violation of anti-corruption acts
At fiscal year end
0
0
0
     Number of employee disciplinary dismissals due to violation of anti-corruption acts
Fines, penalties and costs of settlement related to violation of anti-corruption acts
At fiscal year end
At fiscal year end
0
0
0
   0
0
0
−*1
             *1 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act, the Unfair Competition Prevention Act in Japan, etc. ■Environmental Indexes
■Social Indexes Involvement with Patients
 Index
 Period
 FY2014
 FY2015
 FY2016
 Amount of CO2 emissions
 Annually
 139,015t
 120,536t
 118,943t
 Amount of electricity consumption
 Annually
 181,057MWh
 161,927MWh
 165,417MWh
 Amount of waste generated
  Annually
  4,001t
  3,481t
  2,935t
 Amount of chemical substances handled subject to the PRTR system
 Annually
 499t
 476t
 258t
 Waste-recycling rate
 Annually
 50.6%
 57.7%
 62.8%
 Number of administrative penalties and litigations related to the environment
 Annually
 0
 0
 0
       Index
  Period
 FY2014
 FY2015
 FY2016
Number of pending prescription drug applications
 Japan
 At fiscal year end
 1
 0
 3
  Overseas
     At fiscal year end
  2
  4
 3
 Number of prescription drugs approved
 Japan
   At fiscal year end
      4
   3
   1
 Overseas
 At fiscal year end
4
4
3
 Number of patents (number of patent applications)
  Annually
  87
  65
  55
 Number of inquiries to hhc Hotline
Annually
91,286
97,444
90,742
     Number of inquiries via the online inquiry form
          Annually
       739
    719
   749
 Number of complaints (concerning product quality)
Annually
336
314
323
 Number of Product Complaint Committee (PCC) meetings held
  Annually
  12
  12
  12
 Number of customers
  Hospitals
At fiscal year end
5,739
5,732
5,730
  Clinics
     At fiscal year end
  81,723
  79,232
 77,735
  Dispensing pharmacies
       At fiscal year end
       11,103
    10,794
   10,650
 Drugstores, etc.
At fiscal year end
96,683
95,582
97,577
  Distributors
       At fiscal year end
       78
    88
   87
 Vendors
 At fiscal year end
 232
 224
 227
     −*1
       −*2
  *1 Includes additional indications and formulations. *2 Includes partner companies which handle food and other items. 88
  
     Involvement with Society
Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
 Index
  Period
 FY2014
 FY2015
 FY2016
Roundtable discussions with communities neighboring Eisai Co., Ltd.’s domestic production sites
 Number of discussions held
   Annually
      1
  1
     1
 Number of people in attendance
 Annually
11
11
11
 Amount of funds donated
 Annually
 ¥2,073 million
 ¥2,602 million
 ¥2,118 million
 Amount of tax paid
 Annually
 ¥4,628 million
 ¥5,764 million
 ¥14,095 million
 Visitors to the Naito Museum of Pharmaceutical Science and Industry
  Annually
  35,705
  36,325
  40,480
 Number of participants in plant tours
 Annually
 3,178
 2,443
 2,456
     Involvement with Shareholders
 Index
 Period
 FY2014
 FY2015
 FY2016
 Number of shareholders
 At fiscal year end
 66,190
 59,996
 62,335
 Number of shares issued
  At fiscal year end
  296,566 thousand
  296,566 thousand
  296,566 thousand
 Percentage of holdings by foreign companies, etc.
At fiscal year end
30.9%
28.9%
27.5%
 Percentage of holdings by individuals and others
  At fiscal year end
  97.4%
  97.1%
  97.3%
 Return on equity (ROE) attributable to owners of the parent
Annually
7.7%
9.4%
6.8%
 Dividend payout ratio (DPR)
 Annually
 99.0%
 78.0%
 109.0%
 Dividend on equity (DOE) attributable to owners of the parent
 Annually
 7.6%
 7.3%
 7.4%
 Total dividends paid
  Annually
  ¥42,836 million
  ¥42,889 million
  ¥42,917 million
 Dividends per share
 Annually
 ¥150
 ¥150
 ¥150
     Involvement with Employees
  Index Period FY2014 FY2015 FY2016
  Number of employees At fiscal year end 10,183 9,877 10,452
 Number of employees by region
 Japan At fiscal year end 4,712 4,523 5,009
               Americas (North, Central and South America)
At fiscal year end 1,745 1,316 1,320
               EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa, Russia and Oceania)
At fiscal year end 893 913 983
               China At fiscal year end 1,607 1,875 1,909
               Asia (excluding Japan and China)
At fiscal year end 1,226 1,250 1,231
 Number of employees
  Total At fiscal year end 3,583 3,577 3,508
               Male At fiscal year end 2,845 2,838 2,775
               Female At fiscal year end 738 739 733
               Management At fiscal year end 1,359 1,370 1,389
 Number of temporary employees At fiscal year end 215 136 156
  Ratio of temporary employees to total employees At fiscal year end 5.7% 3.7% 4.3%
  Ratio of women in management roles to total management At fiscal year end 4.6% 4.7% 5.2%
 Average age At fiscal year end 43.7 44.1 44.8
 Average years of employment
  Total At fiscal year end 19.4 19.9 20.4
               Male/Female At fiscal year end 20.3/15.9 20.8/16.2 21.4/16.9
 Turnover rate Annually 1.4% 2.6% 3.1%
 Number of users of nursing care leave, caregiver leave and short working hours system for nursing care
Annually 17/0/1 20/2/0 22/2/0
 Number of users of short-term nursing care leave Annually 132 150 165
 Number of users of childcare leave
  Total Annually 90 95 89
               Male/Female Annually 1/89 2/93 0/89
 Number of users of short working hours system for childcare Annually 73 93 80
 Average annual salary (according to the annual securities report) Annually ¥10,403 thousand ¥10,939 thousand ¥10,389 thousand
         Personal development expenses (per employee)
Annually
¥175,800
¥198,400
−*1
¥210,200 −*1,2
−*1
−*3
 Percentage of employees with disabilities Annually 2.56% 2.53% 2.65%
 Number of new employees per year
  Total Annually 14 105 55
               Male/Female Annually 12/2 70/35 34/21
 Normal working hours (per person per year) Annually 1,895 1,887 1,879
 Average monthly hours of overtime (per non-management employee)
Annually 12 hours 11 minutes 9 hours 11 minutes 8 hours 34 minutes
 Number of work-related accidents Annually 7 13 15
  Frequency of work-related injuries that result in more than 4 days of work lost
employee / contractor Annually 0/0 0.29/0 0/0
 Number of work-related fatalities
  employee / contractor Annually 0/0 0/0 0/0
 Number of cases of work-related occupational illness
 employee / contractor Annually 0/0 0/0 0/0
Percentage of employees who undergo health checks
  Employee Annually 99.75% 99.86% 99.48%
               Family members Annually 74.45% 71.16% 80.57%
 Average number of paid vacation days taken (per non-management employee)
Annually 12.1 12.1 12.4
 *1 Based on the number of fulltime Eisai Co., Ltd. employees
*2 Personal development expenses include training, studying abroad, participation in academic conferences *3 Health check eligibility includes dependent spouses and nondependent family members aged 40 or older
89
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG)
Appendix

  Fundamental Knowledge and Terminology for Pharmaceutical Industry
  Healthcare Systems in Each Country
Healthcare systems and the mechanisms for pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceuticals differ greatly from country to country.
This section contains brief summaries of healthcare systems in Japan, the U.S., England, Germany, France, and China.
* Information included in this section is supplemental to assist in the understanding of our business operations and management strategies. We cannot guarantee the accuracy or impartiality of this information.
1. Japan
1) Healthcare System Characteristics
The healthcare system in Japan is a social insurance-based* public health insurance system that all citizens are required to enroll in. Implemented from 1961, it is currently divided into Employee Insurance (Union-Managed Health Insurance, Japan Health Insurance Association-Managed Health Insurance, Mutual Aid Association etc.), based on one’s occupation, National Health Insurance, based on one’s place of residence, and the Advanced Elderly Medical Service System, which senior citizens over 75 years of age are required to join.
Every citizen must enroll in one of the three systems and pay insurance premiums. These systems are primarily funded by insurance premiums (enrollees, business owners) with the government also making contributions (national treasury, regional). As a general rule, patients cover 30% of incurred medical fees. Children who have not yet started compulsory education cover 20%, senior citizens between the ages of 70 and 75 cover 20% or 30% depending on their income, and senior citizens over 75 cover 10% or 30% depending on their income. Additionally, to ensure that medical expense burdens do not become too onerous, there is a High Cost Medical Insurance System which limits out-of-pocket expenses. In this way, citizens gain access to sophisticated medical services as benefits in kind while paying a fixed amount. As a general rule, this system can be applied when receiving treatment at any medical organization in Japan.
* Social insurance-based: Enrollees contribute insurance premiums and receive benefits in return.
2) Mechanisms for Pricing and Reimbursement of Pharmaceuticals
In Japan, in order for a pharmaceutical product to be claimed under health insurance, it must first be listed on the National Health Insurance drug price list, which serves as both a product list and a price list. Drug prices used when medical organizations or pharmacies make insurance claims for prescribed medicine are fixed on a national level, and as a general rule, are determined based on brand, formulations, and specifications. Drug prices are determined by the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, based on drug price calculation rules stipulated in the Ministry document “About Drug Price Calculation Standards”. The drug price calculation rules are judged and approved by the Central Social Insurance Medical Council (Chuikyo), an advisory organization to the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare which holds the rights to determine the fixed drug prices paid out to medical organizations from health insurance. As a general rule, prices of new drugs
are added to the list four times a year, within 60-90 days of regulatory approval. The pharmaceutical company submits
a request to be listed to the regulatory authority, after which Chuikyo’s Drug Pricing Organization, made up of experts from various backgrounds including medical science, pharmaceutics and health economics, evaluate the request in terms of their various fields, and draw up a drug price calculation draft. This draft is then deliberated on / approved by Chuikyo’s General
Assembly, and the drug is listed on the National Health Insurance drug price list. Additionally, in accordance with the revision of the medical payment system basically, listed drug prices must be revised once every two years based on drug price calculation rules.
2. The U.S.
1) Healthcare System Characteristics
In the U.S., private health insurance is the norm. Public healthcare systems are limited to Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP). Medicare is a premium and tax funded insurance program run by the federal government for senior citizens over 65, disabled people under 65, and patients with severe renal failure. Medicaid is a tax funded assistance program operated by the state governments for low-income individuals.
Through the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) passed by the Obama Administration, the uninsured population dropped to under 10%. Based on the PPACA, companies of a certain size are required to offer health insurance to their employees, and as a general rule, individuals are required to enroll in an insurance program, facing penalties if they do not.
2) Mechanisms for Pricing of Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceutical companies may set prices based on their
own discretion. However, they have to negotiate and
enter contracts with Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs), insurance intermediaries who handle the prescription drug benefit component of health plans, primarily for their drugs
to be listed on a formulary, a list which determines insurance reimbursement.
3) Mechanisms for Reimbursement of Pharmaceuticals Generally, pharmaceutical companies sell pharmaceuticals
to wholesalers, which then supply them to pharmacies. Reimbursements from insurance companies to pharmacies are handled by PBMs. PBMs serve as intermediaries
between insurance companies and pharmacies for insurance reimbursement. Pharmaceutical companies also conclude contracts with PBMs to have their products included in formularies.
Health insurance companies use PBM formularies as references when determining reimbursement (coverage and co-payment) for each insurance plan. As such, having one’s drug on a formulary largely impacts the number of prescriptions and out-of-pocket expenses for patients.
3. England
1) Characteristics of Healthcare System
Based on the National Health Service (NHS) Act passed in 1946, the government established a public healthcare system with the idea of providing free medical services to citizens. The NHS uses taxation as its primary source of funding, operating under a tax-based system to systematically provide necessary services within its budget. In addition, there are private insurance programs which cover treatment at private medical
90
  
     Company Introduction Management Strategies
facilities.
First line treatment and second line treatments are distinctly
separated, and with the exception of emergency situations, General Practitioners (GPs) provide first line treatment. A patient can undergo second line treatment and beyond based on an introduction from a GP. Private insurance programs seldom provide benefits for first line treatment, since these are largely covered by NHS’s GPs.
2) Mechanisms for Pricing and Reimbursement of Pharmaceuticals
The English Government and the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry have an agreement called the Pharmaceutical Price Regulation Scheme (PPRS). Under
the PPRS, the profit ratio of participating pharmaceutical companies is regulated, but within the regulated profit range, they may freely set their prices. Additionally, the overall cost and acceptable growth level of originator drugs bought by the NHS from participating pharmaceutical companies is agreed upon beforehand, and any expenses exceeding that amount must be paid by pharmaceutical companies to the Ministry of Health. Pharmaceutical companies not participating in PPRS must set their prices based on a statutory scheme. However, based on the Health Service Medical Supplies (Costs) Act of April, 2017, even companies whose drugs are priced under a statutory scheme will be requested to pay excess amounts to the Department of Health, the same as under PPRS.
3) Use of Pharmaceuticals Under the NHS
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE),
an organization under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Health, provides guidelines for diagnosis, conducts technology appraisals of specific medical technologies (including pharmaceuticals)
and provides recommendations for which pharmaceutical technologies the NHS should employ. Recommendations are classified into 5 categories: recommended, optimized, only in research, not recommended and recommended for use in the Cancer Drug Fund (CDF*). In order for a pharmaceutical product that is evaluated by NICE to be used by the NHS, an appraisal
of “recommended” is required. As such, NICE’s appraisals
can greatly impact the number of prescriptions for a product. However, even if a pharmaceutical is “not recommended” by NICE, it can still be obtained under a Patient Access Scheme with negotiations for additional commercial terms, and if a private contract setting an upper limit on sales and discount can be obtained, it can be used under NHS.
* CDF: Due to complaints by doctors and patients that the use of anticancer drugs is limited by NICE appraisals, a new mechanism called the CDF was introduced in 2011, and up till March 2016, this helped to improve access to medicines not recommended or not evaluated by NICE. From July 2016, all new anticancer drugs are evaluated by NICE, and if NICE requires additional data before reaching a conclusion of “recommended” or “not recommended”, NICE recommends the product for use in the CDF, generally for 2 years, after which NICE re-evaluates the product.
4. Germany
1) Characteristics of Healthcare System
From 2009, it became compulsory for all citizens to enroll in either public or private health insurance. Citizens whose gross income is under a certain amount, retirees, and the unemployed must enroll in Gesetzliche Krankenversicherung (Statutory Health Insurance, “GKV ”). Other citizens may choose to enroll in Privaten Krankenversicherung (Private Health Insurance, “PKV ”) instead. Approximately 90% of the population is enrolled in public health insurance. The public health insurance system was originally funded through insurance premiums, but due to the worsening of insurance financing, funding through taxation has been added since 2004.
2) Mechanisms for Pricing and Reimbursement of Pharmaceuticals Originally, as a general rule, pharmaceutical companies were free to set their own prices. However, due to increasing
medical expenses, the Arzneimittelmarkt-Neuordnungsgesetz (Pharmaceuticals Market Reorganisation Act, “AMNOG”)
came into effect on 2011. Under AMNOG, all originator
drugs released in Germany must undergo an additional
benefit assessment conducted by the Gemeinsamer Bundesausschuss (Federal Joint Committee, “G-BA”). Based on the additional benefit assessment level assigned by G-BA, price negotiations are conducted with the GKV-Spitzenverband (National Association of Statutory Health Insurance Funds)
and as a general rule, a reimbursement price is determined within a year from the drug’s launch. On the other hand, for pharmaceuticals deemed to offer no recognizable additional benefit, or for which an additional benefit cannot be proven, reference pricing* is applied, with the drug assigned a reimbursement price based on the cheapest equivalent pharmaceuticals including generic drugs.
Pharmacies are reimbursed by insurance companies based on the reimbursement price.
If a drug is deemed to offer no additional benefit, there are often concerns about profitability, leading to cases in which commercial distribution is suspended in Germany. However, based on the Arzneimittel-Versorgungsstärkungsgesetz (Pharmaceutical Care Strengthening Act, “AM-VSG”) enacted in May 2017, more flexible negotiations for reimbursement prices are allowed for such products.
* Reference pricing: Pharmaceutical products are divided into reference price groups, each of which has a maximum limit for reimbursement prices, based on factors such as efficacy and mechanism of action.
5. France
1) Characteristics of Healthcare System
In France, all citizens are required to enroll in health insurance. Over 90% of citizens are enrolled in a standard public health insurance program run by the Caisse Nationale de l’Assurance Maladie des Travailleurs Salariés (The French National Health Insurance Fund for Salaried Workers). There are also special systems for the self-employed, civil servants, national rail employees, and public corporation employees, as well as an agricultural benefit system for agricultural workers. Patients have freedom of choice for doctors and medical institutions.
Furthermore, 92% of insurees are also enrolled in supplementary medical insurance (mutual aid associations, beneficial associations, voluntary insurance) in order to receive benefits for the out-of-pocket expenses not covered by public health insurance.
2) Mechanisms for Pricing and Reimbursement of Pharmaceuticals Reimbursement rates and prices are determined based on
a Medical Benefit assessment (SMR) and an Improvement
of Medical Benefit assessment (ASMR) carried out by the Commision de la Transparence (CT) under the Haute Autorité de Santé (National Authority for Health). The Union Nationale des Caisses d’Assurance Maladie (National Union of Health Insurance Funds, “UNCAM”) sets the reimbursement rate
(65%, 30%, 15%, 0%) based on the CT’s SMR assessments. Furthermore, irreplaceable and particularly expensive medications, such as anticancer and hematological drugs, and medications for certain chronic diseases, such as dementia, Parkinson’s disease, and diabetes, are reimbursable at 100%. In the ASMR assessment, medications are ranked on a scale ofI(clear additional benefit) – V(no additional benefit) based on improvement of symptoms. Taking into account the ASMR level, the pharmaceutical company’s sales predictions, and the price of similar products, Comité Economique des Produits de Santé (The Economic Committee on Health Care Products, “CEPS”) determines the manufacturer’s price (the upper limit). After determining the manufacturer’s price, the discount rate
Value Creation Activities
91
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG)
Appendix

  for marketing is decided based on negotiations between CEPS and the pharmaceutical company. For outpatient treatment,
as a general rule, the insured pays the full treatment price to the medical organization, and then sends the doctor’s receipt, including the price of prescription drugs, to the health insurance funds, after which they are reimbursed.
6. China
1) Characteristics of Healthcare System
Based on Labor Insurance Regulations passed in 1951, a medical benefits system based on national financing was established. However, with ever increasing medical costs, various reforms were made to the healthcare system from
1980 onwards. Currently, all employees and civil servants
are required to enroll in Basic Medical Insurance for Urban Employees, a public health insurance program which is funded by insurance premiums paid by employers and employees. For urban residents who do not fall into that category, there is a voluntary insurance program, Basic Medical Insurance for Urban Residents, funded by insurance premiums and supplemental payments by the government. For rural citizens, there is another voluntary insurance program, New Rural Cooperative Medical Insurance, funded by individual insurance premiums and contributions from the central and regional governments.
While public health insurance coverage has reached 95%, the government wishes to establish a new unified and impartial basic insurance system to minimize the gap between urban and rural citizens.
2) Mechanisms for Pricing of Pharmaceuticals
From June 2015, with the exception of anesthetics and category 1 psychoactive drugs, fixed prices were abolished.
Flow of R&D (Drug Creation Research)
Actual prices paid by medical institutions are generally determined in two stages: the first is provincial level bidding and the second is direct negotiations between the medical organization and the pharmaceutical company.
Furthermore, from November 2015, prices for treatments for severe diseases, highly effective treatments, and high priced pharmaceuticals are determined via the National Price Negotiation System (discussions to establish official transparency in clinical, pharmacology, health insurance, economics, taxation, law, hospital administration etc.). Afterwards, instead of going through provincial bidding, the drugs can be directly sent to hospitals.
3) Mechanisms for Reimbursement of Pharmaceuticals
In order for pharmaceuticals to be reimbursed, they must first be listed on the Provincial Reimbursement Drug List (PRDL) which is based on the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL). In the latest version of the NRDL, published in 2017, reimbursement limitations, based on hospital class, indication etc., were added in the remarks column of many products.
Drug reimbursement differs in each province, but for serious illnesses, relatively high reimbursement rates are adopted.
Reference materials:
・Health, Labor and Welfare 2016 White paper
・“About drug price calculation standards” – February 10, 2016, Announcement
0210, 1st Issue
・Institute for Health Economics and Policy: Research on Drug Usage Situation
etc. – Report (March 2017)
・Monthly Social Security Study Group: About China’s Current Social Security
Situation and Future Trends (February 2016)
・JPMA International Committee: Research Materials No. 426 China
Pharmaceutical Situation (March 2015)
・JPMA International Committee: Research Materials No. 431 FY 2017 China
Status Graph (March 2017)
・MaXinXin: China’s Public Health Insurance System Reforms (2015)
 As the name literally suggests, drug creation research is research into producing new drugs, which can be broken down into
three stages: drug discovery research, drug development research and clinical research. During drug discovery research, researchers employ state-of the-art technology to screen for and identify highly effective compounds and also conduct basic research using external resources. The identified drug candidates then proceed to the drug development stage, where researchers lay the groundwork for filing and approval around the world by evaluating the compounds’ physicochemical and biological properties, assuring their quality and safety, and performing process chemistry research into methods of large-scale synthesis and manufacturing. Drug candidates that clear development research are then elevated to the clinical research stage. After three phases of clinical trials (PhaseI, Phase II, and Phase III), drugs candidates that are approved by regulatory authorities can be launched on the market.
■Drug Creation Process and Research Activities
   Drug discovery research
Synthesis for drug discovery Lead compound optimization
Screening
t
Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics Physical properties General pharmacology Safety
Biomarker research
      Drug use results survey
 Clinical studies after approval
       Idea Targe
New drug candidates
Research and Development
API supply / Investigational drug manufacturing
Clinical introduction
Non-clinical research
Discovery research to approval
Sub- mission
Drug fostering and * evolution (After launch)
Approval
 Biological evaluation
in vitro / in vivo
Process chemistry research Formulation research Physical properties analysis and
research
Clinical research
    Safety research Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics Drug development research for efficacy General pharmacology Biomarker research
 Drug-drug interaction studies
Compatibility testing
 Build Safety Database
     Indication expansion and new formulation development research
* Post-launch research is carried out to pursue more appropriate drug usage, various improvements and new drug development. (For details on “Initiatives for pharmaceutical product safety and side effects” please refer to page 81.)
92
Phase I studies Phase II studies Phase III studies
Review

     Company Introduction Management Strategies
Drug discovery research
Based on a drug creation idea, this is research which uses cell based assays and animal models to identify compounds which have the required properties. Generally, compound libraries, which contain anywhere from several hundred thousand to several million compound groups, are searched for compounds which effect target proteins related to the disease. These compounds are chemically modified and then go through biochemical, pharmacological, metabolic, and safety studies to determine if they have the potential for human use.
Development research
This is research implemented to optimize drug candidates
that were identified in the drug discovery stage. Various tests
including pharmacological and pharmacokinetic studies, safety
studies and toxicity studies are carried out based on GLP*
standards. Process chemical research is also performed for
quality, large-scale synthesis and formulization. API (Active
Pharmaceutical Ingredient) for human use is synthesized based
on GMP* standards.
* GLP: Good Laboratory Practice
* GMP: Good Manufacturing Practice
Clinical trials (Clinical studies)
Trials to confirm the effects of a pharmaceutical on humans. The goal of these trials is to evaluate factors such as efficacy and safety in humans in order to obtain regulatory approval based on the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law. Trial contents, methodology, reports, etc., are regulated by the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law, GCP*, and various governmental guidelines.
* GCP: Good Clinical Practice
Generally, clinical trials are divided into the following three phases:
・PhaseI trial: Trial to investigate safety and pharmacokinetics in a small number of healthy people (patients when testing anticancer drugs) who have given their permission.
・PhaseII trial: Trial to confirm safe and efficient dosage amounts and administration methods in a small number of patients who have given their permission.
Patents for New Drugs and Generics
Substance patents are used to lay claim to chemical compounds. Until the patent term expires, only the patent owner or licensee can make, sell or import the chemical for any use without infringing the patent. These patents are very important for the pharmaceutical industry. There are also the patents to protect discoveries such as manufacturing methods and indications.
In many countries including Japan, the U.S., and in Europe, patent terms last 20 years starting from the filing date of the application. However, the effective patent term is frequently
・Phase III trial: Trial to validate efficacy and safety theories obtained thus far via double-blind tests, etc. in a large number of patients who have given their permission.
There are also post-launch trials (Phase IV trials) to gather long-term information on efficacy and safety. Since Phase IV trials are carried out with approved indications and dosage, they are categorized as “therapeutic use” trials.
Application for approval (Japan)
For a new drug which has gone through all efficacy and safety trials, the pharmaceutical company applies to the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for manufacturing and marketing approval. Experts from the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency and the Pharmaceutical Affairs and Food Sanitation Council review the drug, and if approval is granted, the pharmaceutical company may begin manufacturing and marketing it.
Drug fostering and evolution (Japan)
Even after the drug is launched, it is very important to continually investigate/evaluate patient backgrounds, usage methods, effects, side-effects, etc., and to collect information relating to effective and safe usage. Drug fostering and evolution is based on this way of thinking and includes
various mechanisms (systems, activities) carried out from the respective standpoints of doctors, pharmacists, pharmaceutical companies, researchers, and patients to improve the drug in terms of ease of usage, safety and efficiency.
Post-marketing product surveillance (Japan)
Post-marketing product surveillance based on GVP* and
GPSP*standards must be implemented for new drugs released
on the market, and periodic safety reports submitted. After a
certain period of time, the drug is re-examined, and following
that, the drug is monitored within the drug re-evaluation system.
* GVP: Good Vigilance Practice
* GPSP: Good Post-marketing Study Practice
Indication expansion
When a new indication is added to an already approved pharmaceutical.
less than 20 years in the field of pharmaceuticals, as these products must receive regulatory approval before marketing due to legal requirements. For this reason, it is possible to extend a patent term for up to five years in some countries. Additionally, for new drugs, companies are obligated to confirm efficacy and safety for a certain period (re-examination period / data protection period) after launch. Once the re- examination period is over and the patent term has expired, other companies can manufacture and sell generics with the same active ingredient.
Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG)
Appendix
 93
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

   Other Terminology (alphabetical order)
Aberrant splicing
For the majority of eukaryotic genes, the area of the genome that encodes protein information is divided up into two parts: exons, base sequences of DNA which encode amino acids, and introns, which do not. The process of removing the intron parts from immature RNA transcripts (mRNA precursors, primary transcript) and combining the exon parts is called splicing. In this way, the mRNA precursor becomes mature mRNA. Aberrant splicing is when there is an abnormality in the splicing process. Aberrant splicing results in loss and lower functionality of proteins and is being investigated in relation to various diseases.
tissues that can be measured to assess normal or abnormal functionality or the presence or state of a disease. They are also used to determine to what extent a body is reacting to a treatment.
Conjugation Technology
Antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) are hybrid drugs which mainly consist of three elements: an antibody, a linker and a payload (small molecule drug). Conjugation technology is the technique for combining these three elements through covalent bonding
in a way that the antibody does not lose its target recognition and delivery function. This sometimes refers to the technique by which the ADC breaks down within the cancer cells to release the payload.
Epigenetics
The study of genetic mutation which do not effect DNA sequences but do effect gene expression.
Exon
Exons are a part of the sequence of base pairs within mature RNA messengers that contain information about protein synthesis. In eukaryotic DNA, genetic information is typically discontinuous: stretches of exons are interspersed with sequences that do not contain information (called introns).
First-line
Refers to the best drug firstly administered to treat a disease.
If the patient’s condition does not improve with the first-line treatment, or if there are heavy side effects, then the next drug, known as the second-line, is used.
Glial Cells
The human brain is made up of over 100 billion neurons and over 10 times that number of glial cells. Glial cells help maintain neuronal survival and function by regulating the internal environment of the brain and providing metabolic support. Glial cells include microglia, astrocytes, oligodendrocytes and Schwann cells. Recent research has reported a relationship between glial cells and the brain’s waste disposal system.
Hazard Ratio
Statistical terminology. A measure of how often a particular event happens in one group compared to how often it happens in another group, over time. In clinical studies, hazard ratio is used to compare the effectiveness of two treatments. For example,
if you are comparing new drug A and comparator B, and the hazard ratio is 1, then there is no difference between A and B.
If the hazard ratio is smaller than 1, then A is considered to be more effective. The smaller the number, the more effective A is in comparison to B.
Human Biology
Human biology refers to the human target of clinical and epidemiological studies. In drug discovery research, new treatments have always been tested on animal models first, but predicting efficacy and safety in humans based on animal testing is limited. However, thanks to recent scientific advancements,
in particular, the spread of new technologies such as next generation sequencers, iPS cells, and genome editing techniques, we can identify optimal therapeutic targets based on the “human” evidence of genetic variations from actual clinical data. The success rate of drug discovery using therapeutic targets based on genetics is estimated to be twice as high. At Eisai, because
Splicing
   DNA
Precursor mRNA
Exon Intron
Mature mRNA
Exon Intron Exon
Transcription
Splicing
Translation
   Spliceosome consisted of splicing factor and RNA
   Angiogenesis
Protein
Angiogenesis is the formation of new blood vessels from pre- existing blood vessels. Angiogenesis is normally a tightly controlled process that does not occur except in response to the estrus cycle or a wound healing. Tumors (cancer) remove that control. Tumor angiogenesis describes the growth of new blood vessels which are necessary for tumor proliferation. This is caused by angiogenic factors released by the tumor or nearby host cells.
Antibody drugs
When a foreign substance (antigen) such as a pathogen invades the human body, the body produces antibodies which bond
to the foreign substance, detoxifying or eliminating it, and thus preventing disease. Antibody drugs are drugs which make use of this mechanism. Techniques such as gene recombination or cell cultivation are used to artificially produce antibodies, which are then injected into the body to treat illnesses.
Beta amyloid (Aβ)
Also called amyloid beta. Aβ refers to peptides of approximately 40 amino acids. While they do also exist within healthy brains, an excessive number of Aβ deposits are found within the brains of Alzheimer’s disease patients. There is an Aβ theory (amyloid cascade hypothesis) which states that Aβ accumulates and forms senile plaques (amyloid plaques) within the brain, killing off neurons, and thus causing Alzheimer’s disease. Based on this theory, Aβ is a drug target for Alzheimer’s disease.
Bio-Imaging Technology
Technology used for observing the behavior of molecules inside a living system. Using techniques such as fluorescent imaging, CT, PET, and MRI, the distribution and localization of proteins, etc., at a cellular, tissue, or individual organism level, can be observed and analyzed as an image.
Biomarker
Biomarkers are biomolecules in blood, other body fluids, and
94

     Company Introduction Management Strategies
we have sufficient confidence in the relevance and safety of these targets, we are able to leverage our chemistry abilities and other strengths to their full effect, even with molecularly-targeted therapy, which is highly challenging.
Median Value
Statistical terminology. After arranging a data set in order of size, the median value is the data value in the middle position.
Messenger RNA (mRNA)
RNA transcribes and carries genetic information for protein biosynthesis. Messenger RNA is a single stranded nucleotide that is formed complementary to one strand of DNA. mRNA molecules carry the information from the DNA in the nucleus of the cell to the cytoplasm where the proteins are produced.
Objective Response Rate (ORR)
The ratio of patients whose cancer regressed or disappeared after treatment.
Patients are divided into the following four categories based on the state of their cancer after the clinical trial:
• CR (Complete Response): Complete disappearance of tumor
• PR (Partial Response): At least a 30% decrease in tumor size
• SD (Stable Disease): No change in tumor size (meets neither
PR nor PD conditions)
• PD (Progressive Disease): At least a 20% relative increase and
a 5mm absolute increase in tumor size OR the appearance of
one or more new lesions
Objective response rate is calculated with the following equation: ([CR patients + PR patients] / total number of treated patients) ×100 = ORR (%)
In clinical studies, measuring objective response rate is one method of investigating the efficiency of new cancer treatments.
Overall Survival (OS)
The time period from the start of cancer treatment up until death by any cause. Whether the cause of death is cancer or not is not taken into consideration for this variable. In clinical studies, measuring overall survival is one method of investigating the efficiency of new cancer treatments.
Placebo
Refers to a “fake treatment”, which does not contain any active medical ingredients. The “placebo effect” is when a patient improves due to the belief that he is taking an effective medicine. In a clinical study, the efficiency of a drug or treatment method can be compared to a placebo treatment.
Primary Endpoint
The result or phenomenon used to objectively measure the effectivity of a treatment tested in a clinical trial. Examples include measuring the difference in mortality rate between the treatment group and the control group, tumor regression, improvement in Quality of Life (QoL), relief of symptoms, etc. What the primary endpoint will be is decided before the study begins.
Progression Free Survival (PFS)
The time period from the start of cancer treatment up until
either the cancer gets worse or the patient dies for any reason (whichever comes first). In clinical studies, measuring progression free survival is one method of investigating the efficiency of new cancer treatments.
Regimen
A treatment plan that specifies the type, dosage, schedule, and duration of treatment.
Screening
The method of searching a group of compounds (compound library) to find compounds that react to a drug target, such as a protein. Identified compounds serve as “seeds”, which are chemically modified into analogues. Among these, compounds which demonstrate both safety and efficacy will become candidates for clinical studies.
Secondary Endpoint
In clinical studies for confirming the safety and efficiency of drugs in healthy people or patients, secondary endpoints are supplementary indicators used to evaluate the effects of drugs in addition to the primary endpoint.
Senile Plaques
Abnormal deposits of beta amyloid proteins in the brain. Characteristically present in the brains of patients suffering from Alzheimer’s disease.
Small Molecule Drug (Low Molecular-Weight Drug)
A chemically synthesized drug with a low molecular weight of 1000 daltons or less. Middle-size molecule is defined as between 1000 and 10000 daltons, and macromolecule is defined as 10000 daltons or over.
Tau
Proteins mainly found in neurons in the central nervous systems or glial cells. A type of microtubule-associated protein. Tau regulates the polymerization and stability of microtubules. Abnormal aggregation and deposits of tau are thought to be
a cause of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease.
Time To Progression (TTP)
The time period from the start of cancer treatment up until the cancer becomes worse. Unlike Progression Free Survival, this is simply the length of time until the tumor becomes worse and so does not include cases of death. In clinical studies, measuring time to progression is one method of investigating the efficiency of new cancer treatments.
Triple-negative breast cancer
A type of breast cancer where the growth of the cancer is not supported by the hormones estrogen and progesterone, nor by the presence of too many HER2 receptors. Triple negative refers to testing negative for all three. Breast cancer accounts for 10- 15% of all cancer cases.
Tyrosine Kinase
An enzyme capable of phosphorylating tyrosine, an amino acid which consists of proteins. Plays an important role in transmitting signals related to proliferation and division of cells. Variations in genes can cause tyrosine kinase to become abnormally active, leading to abnormal proliferation of cells and diseases such as cancer.
Value Creation Activities
95
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG)
Appendix

 Status of Shares (As of March 31, 2017)
Authorized (common stock) Issued
Number of shareholders Transfer Agent
1,100,000,000 shares
296,566,949 shares (including 10,399,676 shares of treasury stock) 62,335
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
■Principal Shareholders
Japan Trustee Service Trust Bank, Ltd. (trust account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account) JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385147
Nippon Life Insurance Company
Saitama Resona Bank, Limited
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. as trustee for Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Retirement Benefit Trust Account re-entrusted by Mizuho Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
The Naito Foundation
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY
STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. (Security investment trust account)
Total
31,481 11.01
25,829 9.03
15,038 5.26
12,281 4.29
7,300 2.55
5,437 1.90
4,736 1.65
4,207 1.47
3,936 1.37
3,796 1.32
114,043 39.90
(Notes)
1 Numbers of shares are rounded down to the nearest thousand.
2 Indicates the top 10 shareholders in terms of percentage of the total
number of outstanding shares (excluding treasury stock).
3 The 10,399,000 shares (3.51%) of treasury stock are not included in this
table as they do not have voting rights.
4 Although the following Large Shareholding Report (revised report)
was received before the end of the fiscal year, in cases in which it is impossible to make confirmation with the shareholder registry for the end of the fiscal year, or in which the number of shares held is not ranked among the top 10, it is not included in the table. Further, the holding percentage enclosed in parentheses is the percentage of the total number of outstanding shares (rounded down), including treasury stock.
(1) Including BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd., all 7 companies jointly held 15,262,000 shares (5.15%) as of November 28, 2014 (December 4, 2014, Large Shareholding Report)
(2) Including the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc., all 4 companies jointly held 16,113,000 shares (5.43%) as of July 13, 2015 (July 21, 2015, Revised Report)
(3) Including the Wellington Management Company, LLP, all 2 companies jointly held 27,087,000 shares (9.13%) as of July 31, 2015 (August 7, 2015, Revised Report)
(4) Including Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, all 3 companies jointly held 14,926,000 shares (5.03%) as of April 15, 2016 (April 21, 2016, Large Shareholding Report)
(5) Including Mizuho Bank, Ltd., all 2 companies jointly held 18,900,000 shares (6.37%) as of October 14, 2016 (October 21, 2016, Large Shareholding Report)
(6) Vanguard Health Care Fund held 14,838,000 shares (5.00%) as of November 24, 2016 (December 15, 2016, Large Shareholding Report)
 Shareholders
  Number of shares held (Thousands of Shares)
  Percentage held of all shareholders voting rights (%)
               ■Trends in Ratio by Shareholder Type
0 20 40 60 80 100
(%) FY2015 3.6 3.1
FY2016 3.5 3.0 ■Financial institutions (banks, etc.) ■Foreign entities, etc. ■Individuals, other ■Other companies ■Treasury stock ■Financial instruments traders (securities companies)
   42.6
 28.9
 14.7
 7.1
 44.0
 27.5
 15.0
 7.0
■Stock Price Trends (%)
350
ー Eisai’s stock price ー TOPIX 
  300
250
200
150
100
50 0
              FY2012
  FY2013
  FY2014
  FY2015
   FY2016
  High 4,405 yen
Low 3,070 yen
TSR* 32.6%
High 4,675 yen
Low 3,600 yen
TSR* -0.7%
High 9,756 yen
Low 3,800 yen
TSR* 117.8%
High 9,024 yen
Low 6,633 yen
TSR* -19.0%
High 7,338 yen Low 5,366 yen TSR* -12.8%
     Note: The April 2, 2012, closing prices of Eisai’s stock price, and TOPIX respectively represent the 100 shown in the line graph.
*Total Shareholders Return
Please refer to the Notice of Convocation of the 105th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders for the status of shares.
▶ http://www.eisai.com/ir/stock/meeting.html
96

 Corporate Information
Corporate Data (As of March 31, 2017) Corporate Name
Eisai Co., Ltd.
Date Founded
December 6, 1941
Head Office Address
4-6-10, Koishikawa, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 112-8088, Japan
Paid-in Capital
¥44,986 million
Number of Employees
3,246(Non-consolidated basis)/10,452(Consolidated basis) Stock Exchange Listings
Eisai common stock is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. (Securities Code Number: 4523)
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting
The annual shareholders’ meeting is held in June.
Independent Public Accountants
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
Social Evaluation
The Philosophy logomark combines the spirit of Florence Nightingale, who made an enormous contribution to the development of the nursing profession and public health, with the “human health care” philosophy. This logomark is modeled on the signature of this prominent figure in the history of modern-day nursing.
 Eisai has been selected for the following Social Responsibility Indexes (as of September 2017).
Public Notices
Available online at http://www.eisai.com
However, if circumstances so dictate,
publication will be made in the Nihon Keizai Shimbun.
   ● Dow Jones
Sustainability Asia Pacific Index
● RobecoSAM(Switzerland) Sustainability Award Industry Mover 2017
● FTSE4Good
Investor Relations
● 2017 Constituent MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
● FTSE Blossom Japan
   Eisai Co., Ltd.
4-6-10, Koishikawa, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 112-8088, Japan TEL: 81-3-3817-3016 FAX: 81-3-3811-6032
http://www.eisai.com
Corporate website includes following information; company information, news releases, IR and information for patients
 For further information
97
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
