Intellectual Capital
Global Drug Creation Activities
  A Drug Creation (R&D) Framework Within an End-to-End Business Group Structure
 Having identified neurology and oncology as areas of focus, Eisai aims to find its “Ricchi” as a front runner tackling diseases for which treatments are yet to
be fully established. By actively concentrating R&D resources in these areas, Eisai continues to dedicate itself to discovering new and highly effective treatments. In April 2016, Eisai established a new end-to-end business group, covering functions from R&D to sales. The company has also restructured its drug creation framework into four divisions: Neurology Business Group (NBG), Oncology Business Group (OBG), Medicine Development Center (MDC) and hhc Data Creation Center (hDAC).
■Eisai’s Drug Creation System Drug Creation System by 4 divisions
Neuro Business Group
Discovery/Development Clinical
Medicine Development Center
Oncology Business Group
Medical
Medical
Commercial
Commercial
Strategy/Planning
Strategy/Planning             Discovery/Development hhc Data Creation Center
Clinical
NBG and OBG each have their own strategic divisions, including functions ranging from drug discovery to commercial and business development (license-in/out), and are structured to be able to make quick decisions and nurture scientific acumen. MDC meanwhile provides a basic platform for drug creation through providing essential technology and support in areas such
as non-clinical safety, pharmacokinetics, CMC (chemistry, manufacturing, control), pharmaceutical regulations and clinical development support. hDAC serves as a big data center, using AI (artificial intelligence) and other advanced analytical technologies to assess clinical and non-clinical data from internal and external sources, with the aim of enabling new drug creation research underpinned by ICT-driven innovation.
Eisai’s Drug Discovery, Research and Development Sites Worldwide
Eisai carries out drug discovery research, drug development research and clinical research throughout the world. Eisai pursues innovative new drug creation by promoting the exchange of various knowledge and ideas from around the world.
         European Knowledge Centre
Drug discovery research and clinical research (U.K.)
Koishikawa Knowledge Center
Clinical research (Tokyo, Japan)
Tsukuba Research Laboratories
Drug discovery and
development research (Ibaraki, Japan)
H3 Biomedicine Inc.
Drug discovery research (U.S.)
Eisai Inc. Andover innovative Medicines Institute
Drug discovery and development research (U.S.)
     Eisai China Inc.
Clinical research (China)
EA Pharma Co., Ltd.
     Knowledge Centre, India
Drug development research (India)
Clinical research (Tokyo, Japan)
EA Pharma Co., Ltd. Research Institute
Drug discovery and development research (Kanagawa, Japan)
Eisai Clinical Research Singapore Pte. Ltd.
       KAN Research Institute, Inc.
Drug discovery research (Kobe, Japan)
Kawashima Laboratory
Drug development research (Gifu, Japan)
Clinical research (Singapore)
Kashima Laboratory
Drug development research (Ibaraki, Japan)
Eisai Inc.
Clinical research (U.S.)
Morphotek, Inc.
Drug discovery and development research, clinical research (U.S.)
50
   Company Introduction Management Strategies
According to a study* published by Tufts University in the U.S., the total
cost required to develop a single drug was estimated at around $2.6 billion (approximately ¥290 billion) during the period from 2000 to 2010 and has increased at a phenomenal rate over the last decade. This is further proof that developing pharmaceuticals is becoming increasingly difficult every year.
Eisai puts creation of new drugs right at the heart of innovation and actively invests around 20% of consolidated revenue into R&D. Since fiscal 2009, Eisai has been selecting and focusing on priority projects and making the most of proactive partnerships to improve R&D productivity and efficiency, resulting in a reduction in R&D expenditure per approval. However, amid accelerating development of next-generation flagship drugs, spending has started to increase gradually since fiscal 2015.
■R&D expenditure per approval
(Moving average for five years, including indication
expansions, additional formulations, etc.)
Value Creation Activities
Reviews by the Eisai Scientific Advisory Board (ESAB)
Eisai set up ESAB, consisting of world-renowned scientific advisors, in 2007 with the aim of improving the quality of drug creation activities. ESAB meetings are held regularly and attended by the CEO and members of the leadership team concerned with drug creation. This enables ongoing discussions regarding subjects such as project reviews and the validity of research plans, backed up by the very latest scientific insight.
Reducing R&D Expenditure per Approval through Targeted Projects and Partnerships
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
  (Billions of yen)
40 30
20 10 0
18 17 16 18
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016(FY)
     26
20
21
  * Journal of Health Economics 47 (2016) 20–33
Recruiting Human Resources and Developing Skills for Drug Creation
 Eisai employs a diverse range of human resources, regardless of nationality, to carry out drug creation activities at its facilities around the world.
The most important aspect of drug creation is creating drugs that contribute to patients as quickly as possible. A key motivating factor toward achieving that is spending time in socialization with patients. This is something that Eisai is committed to putting into practice, with the aim of motivating employees to contribute to patients and developing new drugs as quickly as possible.
Eisai also implements the following programs designed to improve the skills of human resources working on drug creation and increase motivation.
•International assignment program (mainly for young researchers in Japan)
This program is aimed at improving experience and knowledge of global drug creation activities. We extend overseas study opportunities to an additional one or two employees every year and regularly assign employees to work at overseas facilities on a short-term or medium- to long-term basis.
•Tsukuba Hakunetsu Seminars at Tsukuba Research Laboratories (one hour a week)
This is a series of in-house seminars that give speakers from various age groups the chance to talk passionately about a range of subjects, including the latest technologies, their personal experiences as a researcher and new ventures. Exchanging knowledge between participants not only boosts motivation, but also produces concrete results, including technical partnerships and operational improvements.
•Cross-divisional leader training (E-GOLD, E-ACE, etc.) *For details, please refer to page 20. •Unique incentive scheme to reward innovation
Ethical and Transparent Drug Creation Activities
The Eisai Group carries out pharmaceutical R&D while maintaining a high sense of ethics based on the hhc corporate philosophy, complying with the spirit of the Declaration of Helsinki, various regulations in each country, international standards including ICH-GCP (standards for undertaking clinical trials of drugs), as well as with all relevant regulations, standards and human
rights. Furthermore, Eisai has internally established a Research Ethics Review Committee and Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee to give thorough consideration to morality and the well-being of animals in our research, respectively.
Especially in clinical research, Eisai adheres to ICH-GCP, obtains informed consent from patients and conducts clinical research in accordance with the regulatory requirements of each country, internal standards as well as trial implementation protocols. Furthermore, when choosing contract research organizations (CRO) to outsource various kinds of work relating to clinical trials, Eisai conducts audits beforehand, and according to the Eisai Group’s policy and standards, continuously assesses CRO activities and takes responsibility for their management. In addition, from fiscal 2015, the Eisai Group determined its “Policy on Clinical Trial Data Access and the Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information”, and promotes the responsible sharing of clinical trial data to facilitate advances in medicine and chemistry.
For detailed information, please access the following pages on our website.
 Research Ethics Review Committee
Promoting animal testing that takes into account animal welfare Clinical Trial Data Disclosure
Compliance Handbook
▶ http://www.eisai.com/responsibility/genome.html
▶ http://www.eisai.com/responsibility/research.html
▶ http://www.eisai.com/research/clinical/policy.html
▶ http://www.eisai.com/corporatemission/compliance.html
51
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
36

     Intellectual Capital
Neurology Area Major R&D Pipeline (As of the end of July 2017)
   Target Disease
Development Stage
       Region
PhaseI
Phase II
Phase III
Filed
      Aricept donepezil/E2020 Treatment for Alzheimer’s disease/dementia with Lewy bodies In-house Oral agent
Severe Alzheimer’s disease (Additional indication)
Regression symptoms in people with Down Syndrome (Additional indication)
*For further details, please refer to page 12.
Monotherapy use for the partial-onset seizures (Additional indication)
Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (Additional indication)
Pediatric epilepsy (Additional indication)
*For further details, please refer to pages 12 and 42.
lemborexant/E2006 Dual orexin receptor antagonist In-house Oral agent
China
Japan
U.S. Japan
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Approved
         February 2015
            Fycompa perampanel/E2007 Antiepileptic agent/AMPA receptor antagonist In-house Oral agent
       July 2017
                         Description: By antagonizing the orexin receptors that are involved in the regulation of sleep and awakening, it is expected to alleviate wakefulness and thereby induce and maintain natural sleep.
     Insomnia disorder (Co-development with Purdue Pharma L.P.)
Irregular sleep-wake rhythm disorder associated with Alzheimer’s disease dementia (Co- development with Purdue Pharma L.P.)
Early Alzheimer’s disease (Co-development with Biogen Inc.)
*Generic name for E2609. The generic name is not yet fixed at this time. *For further details, please refer to page 37.
Alzheimer’s disease (Co-development with Biogen Inc.)
*For further details, please refer to page 37.
Obesity
*For further details, please refer to pages 12 and 43.
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Japan/U.S.
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Japan/U.S./ Europe
Japan
               elenbecestat*/E2609 Anti-Alzheimer's agent /Beta secretase cleaving enzyme (BACE) inhibitor In-house Oral agent
             BAN2401 Anti-Alzheimer's agent/Anti-Aβprotofibrils monoclonal antibody In-license (BioArctic AB) Injection
           BELVIQ lorcaserin/APD356 Anti-obesity agent/serotonin 2C receptor agonist In-license (Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) Oral agent
         safinamide/ME2125 Anti-Parkinson's disease agent/MAO-B inhibitor In-license (Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd.) Oral agent
Description: A selective monoamine oxidase B (MAO-B) inhibitor, which reduces the degradation of secreted dopamine, helping to maintain the density of dopamine in the brain. Additionally, it blocks sodium ion channels and inhibits glutamate release, and as such, has potential as a new Parkinson's disease treatment which possesses both dopaminergic and non-dopaminergic mechanisms.
Parkinson’s disease Japan
E6011 Anti-fractalkine antibody In-house Injection
Description: The world's first humanized anti-fractalkine monoclonal antibody discovered by Eisai subsidiary KAN Research Institute Inc. Believed to exert an anti-inflammatory effect by neutralizing fractalkine. Fractalkine is found in vascular endothelial cells and induces an inflammatory response associated with diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease.
                    Rheumatoid arthritis
Primary biliary cholangitis (development conducted by EA Pharma)
Crohn’s disease (development conducted by EA Pharma)
*For further details to seek potential indication of Alzheimer’s disease, please refer to page 35.
Alzheimer’s disease
Japan
Japan
Japan
U.S.
              E2027 In-house Oral agents
         E2730 In-house Oral agents
    Epilepsy
U.S.
   52

    Company Introduction Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
   Intellectual Capital
Oncology Area Major R&D Pipeline (As of the end of July 2017)
  Target Disease
Development Stage
      Region
PhaseI
Phase II
Phase III
Filed
Approved
       Halaven eribulin/E7389 Anticancer agent/microtubule dynamics inhibitor In-house Injection
       Resubmission under preparation
              Breast cancer
Bladder cancer (Additional indication)
Triple negative breast cancer (in combination with anti-PD1 therapy pembrolizumab) (Co-development with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA)
HER2-negative breast cancer (in combination with PEGPH20) (Co-development with Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc.)
Liposome formulation (Additional formulation)
*For further details, please refer to pages 13 and 49 Thyroid cancer
Renal cell carcinoma/First-line (Additional indication) (in combination with everolimus or anti- PD1 therapy pembrolizumab)
China
U.S./Europe
U.S.
U.S.
Japan/Europe
China
U.S./Europe
Japan U.S./Europe
China/Asia
Japan/U.S./ Europe/Asia
Japan
U.S.
Japan
Japan
In-house Injection
Japan/U.S./ Europe
            Lenvima/Kisplyx lenvatinib/E7080 Anticancer agent/molecular targeted drug In-house Oral agent
             June 2017
    July 2017
    Submission under preparation
                        Hepatocellular carcinoma (Additional indication)
Non-small cell lung cancer (RET translocations) (Additional indication)
Biliary tract cancer (Additional indication)
Select solid tumors (Endometrial cancer, renal cell carcinoma, head and neck cancer, urothelial cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, melanoma) (in combination with anti-PD1 therapy pembrolizumab) (Co-development with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA)
           Select solid tumors (Hepatocellular carcinoma, endometrial cancer etc.) (in combination with anti-PD1 therapy pembrolizumab) (Co-development with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA)
Renal cell carcinoma/Second-line (Additional indication) (in combination with everolimus)
*For further details, please refer to pages 13 and 48
farletuzumab/MORAb-003 Anticancer agent/humanized anti-FRA monoclonal antibody
Description: A humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody that targets folate receptor alpha (FRA). Expected to show an antitumor effect against cancers that over-express FRA.
            Platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer
      MORAb-004 Anticancer agent/humanized anti-endosialin monoclonal antibody In-house Injection
Description: A humanized lgG1 monoclonal antibody that targets Tumor Endothelial Marker 1 (TEM-1)/endosialin. Expected to show an antitumor effect against cancers that express endosialin.
Melanoma U.S./Europe
amatuximab/MORAb-009 Anticancer agent/chimeric anti-mesothelin monoclonal antibody In-house Injection
Description: A chimeric IgG1 monoclonal antibody that targets mesothelin. Expected to show an antitumor effect against cancers that express mesothelin.
Mesothelioma U.S./Europe
E7777 Anticancer agent/interleukin-2 diphtheria toxin fusion protein In-house Injection
Description: A fusion protein that combines the interleukin-2 (IL-2) receptor binding domain with diphtheria toxins. Specifically binds to IL-2 receptors on the cell surface, causing diphtheria toxins that have entered cells to inhibit protein synthesis.
                              Peripheral T-cell lymphoma and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Solid tumors
Solid tumors
Solid tumors
Hepatocellular carcinoma
Blood cancer
Non-Hodgkin B-cell lymphoma
Japan
Japan
U.S.
U.S./Europe
U.S.
U.S./Europe
Japan
      E7090 In-house Oral agent
         MORAb-066 In-license (Janssen Biotech, Inc.) Injection
         E7046 In-house Oral agent
         H3B-6527 In-house Oral agent
         H3B-8800 In-house Oral agent
         E7438 In-license (Epizyme, Inc.) Oral agent
         E7386 Collaboration (PRISM Pharma Co., Ltd.) Oral agent
    Solid tumors
Europe
   53
Eisai Integrated Report 2017

  Intellectual Capital
Gastrointestinal Disease Area
Major R&D Pipeline (As of the end of July 2017)
   Target Disease
        Maintenance therapy for proton pump inhibitor (PPI)-resistant reflux esophagitis10 mg twice Japan daily (Additional dosage and administration) (Joint development with EA Pharma)
budesonide/AJG511 Ulcerative colitis treatment/locally-active steroid In-license (Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH) Enema agent
Description: The first rectal foam product in Japan containing budesonide as active ingredient. Budesonide is a locally-active steroid and, thus, is expected to reduce systemic side effects. In addition, AJG511 is a foam type product that can reach the inflamed sites of rectum and sigmoid colon by rectal administration, and has a characteristic feature of preventing leakage after administration. Budesonide rectal foam is already available on the market in Europe.
Ulcerative colitis (Joint development by EA Pharma and Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) Japan
elobixibat/AJG533 Chronic constipation treatment/bile acid transporter inhibitor In-license (Albireo Pharma, Inc.) Oral agent
Description: An orally available constipation treatment having a novel action mechanism. AJG533 inhibits the bile acid transporter that regulates reabsorption of bile acids and thereby increases spontaneous colonic motility.
   October 2016February 2017Chronic constipation
(Joint development by EA Pharma and Mochida Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.)
Japancarotegrast methyl/AJM300 Ulcerative colitis treatment / α4 integrin antagonist In-house Oral agent
Description: α4 integrin antagonist with a novel mechanism of action believed to suppress adhesion and infiltration of lymphocytes. Aiming to be marketed asthe first orally-available α4 integrin antagonist in the world to be effective in ulcerative colitis. Ulcerative colitis (Joint development by EA Pharma and Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) Japan
AJG555 Chronic constipation treatment/polyethylene glycol preparation In-license (Norgine B.V.) Oral agent
Description: An orally available constipation treatment consisting of a polyethylene glycol preparation which facilitates bowel movement by suppressing osmotic pressure in the intestines.
Chronic constipation (Development conducted by EA Pharma) Japan
Livact Granules isoleucine, leucine and valine granules Branched-chain amino acid formula In-house Oral agent
Description: A branched-chain amino acid formula developed by Ajinomoto that increases serum albumin levels in patients with decompensated hepatic cirrhosis. Approved in Japan for “improvement of hypoalbuminemia in patients with decompensated hepatic cirrhosis that have hypoalbuminemia despite adequate dietary intake”, and marketed by EA Pharma.
Hypoalbuminemia (Co-development with EA Pharma) China
E6007 Ulcerative colitis treatment/integrin activation inhibitor In-house Oral agent
Description: A compound with a novel mechanism of action that is believed to suppress the adhesion and infiltration by multiple leukocyte types by inhibiting integrin activation. Development is conducted jointly with the University of Tsukuba as an industry-academia practical application project under the Japan Science and Technology Agency.
                   Ulcerative colitis (Development conducted by EA Pharma)
Inflammatory bowel disease (Development conducted by EA Pharma)
Research and development activity in gastrointestinal disease area is mainly conducted by EA Pharma, a consolidated subsidiary of Eisai. EA Pharma is a gastrointestinal specialty pharma established in April 2016, in consolidation of gastrointestinal disease area, which Eisai groups have focused on over 60 years, and Ajinomoto Co., Inc.’s pharmaceutical business with amino acid as a core with a full value chain, namely research and development, production and logistics, and sales and marketing functions.
Development pipeline progressed steadily with a focus on inflammatory bowel disease area in FY2016.
Japan
Japan
     54