 Social and Relationship Capital
Improving Access to Medicines (ATM)
Making our medicines available to those who need them
Eisai is promoting initiatives for improving ATM to contribute to people in developing and emerging countries
Number of countries supplied with lymphatic filariasis treatment and volume supplied (as of June 2017)
27
countries
Over1.1
billion tablets
    Investing in the Future of Emerging and Developing Countries
“We want to deliver as many necessary medicines as possible and nurture hope in as many people as possible.” Putting this wish into each tablet, Eisai is engaged in activities for improving ATM with the aim of ensuring that people in emerging and developing countries receive the medicines they need. ATM is a basic need for all people regardless of nationality, economic disparities or social standing. Today, approximately 2 billion people around the world do not have adequate access to medicines*, most of whom are the poor in developing and emerging countries who also lack proper information about health and diseases.
Eisai believes that improving ATM in developing and emerging countries is a long-term investment that will support the health of the people living in these countries and ultimately lead to the future growth of these nations as a whole. Eisai utilizes its resources including low-cost manufacturing and supplying operations as well as public-private partnerships, as it continues to implement various ATM initiatives through its unique business models.
* Source: Access to Medicine Index website
▶ http://accesstomedicineindex.org/
 WHO/Bangladesh
60
   Company Introduction Management Strategies
Efforts to Help Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis Supplying DEC Tablets and Implementing Awareness-Raising Activities
Lymphatic filariasis (LF) is a neglected tropical disease (NTD) transmitted to humans via carrier mosquitoes. It is estimated that approximately 1 billion people worldwide, mainly those in developing countries, are exposed to the risk of LF.
The World Health Organization (WHO) conducts mass drug administrations (MDAs) in endemic areas in order to eliminate LF. There used to be a global shortage of high-quality DEC (diethylcarbamazine) tablets, of the three types of LF medicine used in the MDAs.
In November 2010, Eisai agreed to supply a total of 2.2 billion DEC tablets to WHO free of charge by 2020. In 2012, Eisai became the only Japanese company to participate in the London Declaration, a coordinated effort to eliminate 10 NTDs and the largest public-private partnership of its kind in the field of global health. At the London Declaration’s fifth anniversary event held in April 2017, Eisai announced its plan to supply DEC tablets continuously after 2020, until LF is completely eliminated in all endemic countries where DEC tablets are needed.
In 2013, Eisai commenced production of DEC tablets at
its Vizag Plant in India after obtaining a WHO prequalification for the drug. As of June 2017, over 1.1 billion DEC tablets have been provided to 27 endemic countries through WHO’s elimination program. Furthermore, to support the smooth implementation of MDAs, Eisai is engaging in initiatives to raise public awareness of LF in endemic areas. Staff members of Eisai subsidiaries in LF endemic countries cooperate with the relevant representatives in the national governments and other concerned parties in activities for supporting efforts to eliminate LF as early as possible. In Indonesia, in order to raise the awareness of LF in society, Eisai staff members have given annual lectures on LF since 2015 at the Faculty of Medicine, Gadjah Mada University, an institution that supports local
health care. Eisai staff also distribute leaflets on the prevention and treatment of LF and support MDA in Indonesia.
Interaction between staff members of Vizag Plant and patients
■Cumulative quantity of DEC tablets supplied and the number of patients contributed to* (as of June 2017)
WHO East Mediterranean Region
Value Creation Activities
 (million) 1,000
500
0
Cumulative quantity of tablets supplied
Over 1.1 billion tablets were supplied.
Contributing
to nearly 440 * million patients
End of June 2016 2017
    End of 2013
End of 2014
End of 2015
* The number of patients contributed to is an estimated value, which is converted from the cumulative quantity of tablets supplied based on the assumption that an average of 2.5 tablets is taken per capita in accordance with the definition of WHO.
 ■Countries where DEC tablets are scheduled to be supplied by 2020 ● Countries where distribution has commenced
    WHO South-East Asia Region
●India  ●Indonesia ●Myanmar ●Sri Lanka ●Timor-Leste ●Thailand Bangladesh Nepal
DEC Tablets (Diethylcarbamazine)
WHO Region of the Americas
●Dominican Republic ●Guyana
●Haiti
Brazil
(2017年4月現在の供給予定)
(Distribution status as of June 2017)
           ●Egypt
WHO African Region
●Eritrea ●Kenya ●Zambia  ●Zimbabwe ●São Tomé and Príncipe Gambia
Coordination
Vizag Plant, India
●Madagascar ●Comoros
Eisai Head Office
WHO Western Pacific Region
●Fiji ●French Polynesia 
●Laos ●Malaysia ●Philippines ●Samoa
                   61
Eisai Integrated Report 2017
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
●Kiribati ●Papua New Guinea ●Micronesia ●Tuvalu

  R&D Initiatives for Improving Global Health
Eisai proactively undertakes research on pharmaceuticals for treating NTDs and for the three major infectious diseases (malaria, tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS).
These diseases strike people with low incomes in developing countries, causing them to leave work. This in turn leads
to a negative cycle of poverty in which people become incapacitated due to disease and become even poorer, and international efforts are called upon to tackle this significant global health issue.
In response, Eisai is currently conducting various projects aimed at developing new treatments for Chagas disease, filariasis, leishmaniasis and mycetoma as well as malaria
and tuberculosis. Undertaking research activities for these diseases requires specific expertise, technologies and clinical
■NTDs/Three Major Infectious Diseases Research Project Portfolio
trial experience in addition to networks with clinical facilities in endemic regions. For these reasons, Eisai is actively engaging in external collaborations such as partnerships with global research organizations and participating in international consortiums to share compound libraries, as Eisai seeks to develop new drugs for NTDs and the three major infectious diseases.
Eisai aims to develop new drugs for Chagas disease, a disease transmitted by the assassin bug which is prevalent in 21 countries in Latin America. To this purpose, Eisai
is conducting a Phase II study of its in-house developed antifungal agent fosravuconazole (E1224) in partnership with the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi ). Another Phase II study of the agent is being conducted with DNDi for mycetoma, considered to be one of the most neglected diseases. Mycetoma is transmitted through pricks in the skin and causes large lesions.
        Early research stage
Non-clinical
Clinical
      Chagas disease
Chagas vaccine
(using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020)
Novel compounds for Chagas disease
E1224 – Chagas disease project (PhaseII study)
  Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs)
NTD Drug Discovery Booster
Chagas vaccine
(using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020)
    Filariasis
Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator
Novel anti-Wolbachia compounds
   Leishmaniasis
NTD Drug Discovery Booster
   Mycetoma
E1224 – Eumycetoma project
(PhaseII study)
      Three Major Infectious Diseases
Screening of novel compounds for malaria
Novel inhibitor of Plasmodium Phe tRNA ligase
SJ733 - Inhibitor of Plasmodium ATP4
  Malaria
Malaria vaccine
(using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020)
Inhibitor of Plasmodium GWT1
 TLR9 antagonist for cerebral Malaria
 Novel compound for artemisinin resistant malaria
   Tuberculosis
Updated as of June 2017.
Please visit the following link for details on projects▶ http://www.eisai.com/company/atm/approach/02.html
TB Drug Accelerator
62

   Company Introduction Management Strategies
Pricing Policy that Emphasizes Affordability
Eisai has formulated an Affordable Pricing Policy that enables patients in developing and emerging countries to purchase Eisai’s products at affordable prices. Based on this approach, Eisai is pursuing a pricing policy that is suited to the social, economic and healthcare environments of developing and emerging countries. With regards to Aricept, Eisai is providing the product in certain Asian countries, such as India and Indonesia, at prices that take into consideration the living standards of the local patients.
In addition, Eisai has introduced “Tiered Pricing”, an affordable pricing model, for the anticancer agent Halaven in the Philippines, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia and Thailand. In this model, copayment is set at several tiers in accordance with the income level and health insurance availability of the patients, ranging from the full purchase price to provision free of charge. During the one-year period between April 2016 and March 2017, Halaven was supplied to more than 1000 patients by means of the Tiered Pricing.
Value Creation Activities
Creating Corporate Value and Solutions to Social Problems through Initiatives for Improving ATM
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
 Input
Output Outcome
     Social and Relationship Capital
●Improving health, welfare and economic growth by increasing the number of middle-income populations in developing and emerging countries
●Improving the value of Eisai’s corporate brandHuman capital
●Improving employees’ skills and motivationFinancial capital
●Reduced cost of manufacturing due to increased operation rate at the Vizag Plant
●(Very long-term perspective) Creating profits through businesses in developing and emerging countriesIntellectual capital
●Initiatives for creating new drugs for the treatment of NTDs and malariaHuman capital
●The staff’s strong motivation to contribute to patients is supported by the hhc philosophyProduction capital
●Utilization of the Vizag Plant in India allows for low-cost production.Social and Relationship Capital
●Partnership with WHO
●Participation in public-private partnershipsFinancial capital
●Long-term investment in the improvement of ATM in developing and
emerging countries●Supplying lymphatic filariasis treatment DEC tablets free of charge
●Activities for raising awareness of lymphatic filariasis
●Supplying products at prices that patients can afford based on affordable and tiered pricing strategies
      For the purpose of facilitating the improvement of ATM
in developing and emerging countries, Eisai utilizes many different types of capital as input and converts them into many different forms of output (products and services), such as DEC tablets, through the company’s business activities. As
a result, we pursue the creation of positive outcomes such
as the improvement of health, welfare and economic growth by increasing the number of middle-income populations
in developing countries and emerging countries. Eisai also seeks to enhance the value of its corporate brand, improve employees’ skills and motivation, and reduce costs by increasing the operation rate of the Vizag Plant as positive
Eisai Ranked 11th among Global Pharmaceutical Companies and 1st among Japanese Pharmaceutical Companies by the Access to Medicine Index
Eisai’s initiatives to improve ATM are highly evaluated. The Access to Medicine Foundation, an international nonprofit organization aimed at the improvement of ATM, biennially researches and publishes the Access to Medicine Index. Eisai was ranked first among Japanese pharmaceutical companies and 11th among global major pharmaceutical companies consecutively in 2014 and 2016.
internal outcomes. Eisai believes that efforts to improve ATM will increase capital to an extent that is greater than the amount of input, through the creation of added value.
Eisai’s initiatives for improving ATM go beyond the framework of CSR activities and aim at creating long-term value. Supplying DEC tablets free of charge will initially be a loss and thus negatively affect profits and ROE in the short term. However, from a very long-term perspective, we estimate that it will boost our NPV (net present value) to a positive level through the creation of the outcomes described above.
The Access to
Medicine Index
recognised Eisai for
its best practices in
proactively building
partnerships with international agencies, nonprofit organizations and other stakeholders, with the aim of thereby spurring research and development of new drugs for NTDs, malaria and tuberculosis for globally improving ATM, and in encouraging employees around the world to spend 1% of their business hours with patients, a practice which leads to the creation of patient value.
 63
Eisai Integrated Report 2017