Introduction of an example of our initiatives for SDGs
Inclusive activities toward the elimination of lymphatic filariasis (LF) at Yarada village in India
In 2013, Vizag plant of Eisai India started production of high quality DEC tablets and distribution across the globe at price zero following an agreement with WHO.
At Yarada, a beautiful coastal village with the population of approximately 3,500 people, situated 30km away from Vizag plant, more than 50 people were suffering from LF at the time. Poor health environment due to lack of awareness and socioeconomic factors in the community were causing mosquito breeding leading to vector borne diseases including LF. When Eisai staff interacted with the villagers, they had learnt that not only providing medicine, but also solving the root causes of the diseases through inclusive activities with the local people was essential. Then, various initiatives had started.
    Approaches to infrastructure
In October 2013, Eisai entered into a public-private partnership with the state government’s health department to support their vector borne diseases control activities at Yarada village. To improve sanitation and infrastructure, Eisai staff supported the anti-larval operations
through ensuring regular spraying of the anti-larval chemicals in the water logged areas and open drains. On the weekends, Eisai staff visited the village to monitor cleaning of the areas which were conducive to mosquito breeding, and also helped repair the old public toilets. In a measure to prevent further mosquito breeding, mosquito repellant plants were planted near homes and open drains. Awareness was created among the villagers by the staff, regarding precautions to be taken against the vector borne diseases and proper disposal of waste.
Approaches by treatment drugs
Repaired pubic toilet in Yarada village
    As it was important to conduct disease awareness to let the people understand the significance of the treatment by drug in the area where taking medicine was uncommon, the disease awareness was conducted thoroughly. In January 2014, over 60 Eisai staff supported mass drug administraction (MDA) program in elimination of LF at Yarada. Eisai staff visited the village for 3 nights before the date, making announcement of MDA through “Dandora”, which involves the beating of drums, to invite as many villagers to participate. Days after MDA, they visited each household to ensure that all the residents had taken the treatment drugs.
Zero incidence of LF
Sentinel survey was conducted in February 2017 by the state health department for screening the patients for Wuchereria bancrofti (a parasitic worm which causes LF), and no new cases of LF were identified in the village since the previous survey in November 2013. Now realizing that their children and grandchildren’s generation will no longer suffer from LF, the villagers were feeling more positive.
      Beyond LF; Sustainable growth through inclusive development
In October 2014, massive cyclone “Hudhud” hit Yarada and caused severe damage. Eisai supported the educational institution, Zilla Parishad School by restoring the school building and donating drinking water tanks and a newly built laboratory.
Also IT classes were offered by IT technician from Vizag plant. Restoration enabled the students who were forced to study at school far from home, to return to their local school. On December 2016, the local English paper The Hindu, reported
Eisai staff’s visit to Zilla Parishad School. In the article, the head master told that the pass percentage (of secondary school certificate exam) during the last two years had improved to 97 percent in 10th grade and several students had received scholarships from the government.
The Hindu article as of December 14, 2016 “Hudhud-hit ZP High School turns smart” Picture courtesy - The Hindu
Memorial of reconstruction of Zilla Parishad School
  Increased motivation among employees
Interacting with the LF patients at Yarada, I understood the severe condition that the patients were suffering from. I am really proud of Eisai for helping people from contracting such a disease. Every morning when I come to work I feel that I am contributing in my own way in caring for the patients and their families.
 We produce medicine at Vizag and deliver to the patients. Likewise, through the disease awareness and other activities, we saw that people gain healthy life. I expect people to overcome poverty eventually. Following this success, we were invited by the state government to participate in similar public- private partnerships in other areas in the state of Andhra Pradesh. It provides us with great motivation that we are playing a role to develop a sustainable society through these initiatives.
Madanmohan
Pavuluri
Eisai Pharmaceuticals India Pvt. Ltd. (Vizag)
Deputy Manager, R&D
65
Eisai Integrated Report 2017