Social and Relationship Capital
Eisai’s Partnership Initiatives
Aiming to Improve Business Efficiency and Productivity by Leveraging Partnerships
 Eisai believes that partnerships are an extremely effective means of improving business efficiency and productivity. While we engage in a diverse array of collaboration models, such partnerships can be broadly divided into “Partnerships aimed at creating innovation in therapeutic areas of focus” and “Partnerships aimed at expanding access to medicines.”
Eisai will continue to make effective use of partnerships as we endeavor to fully satisfy patients’ needs around the world.
(* Details of the agreements below are as of the end of May 2017.)
Partnerships aimed at creating innovation in therapeutic areas of focusNeurology Area
Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
Change of licensing agreement for exclusive commercialization of
the antiobesity agent lorcaserin hydrochloride (generic name, name
in U.S. : BELVIQ/BELVIQ XR, hereafter BELVIQ) that was concluded in December 2016. Based on the change in the agreement, Eisai acquired all development and marketing rights for BELVIQ from Arena Pharmaceuticals.
BIAL-Portela & Ca, S.A. (Portugal) Corporation License for marketing and co-promotion of the antiepileptic agent Zebinix
(generic name: eslicarbazepine acetate) in Europe
BioArctic AB (Sweden) Corporation
Exclusive license agreement for worldwide research and development, manufacturing and sales of the anti-beta amyloid (Aβ) protofibril antibody BAN2401 for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease
Biogen Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
1. Joint development/joint sales promotion related to the beta-site amyloid precursor protein-cleaving enzyme (BACE) inhibitor E2609 and the antibeta-amyloid (A-beta) protofibril antibody BAN2401
2. Acquisition of option rights related to joint development/joint sales promotion of the anti-Alzheimer’s agents anti-Aβantibody aducanumab (BIIB037) and the anti-tau antibody under development by Biogen Inc.
Acquisition of the rights from the two companies for manufacturing active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) for Japan for the insomnia treatment/ anaesthesia induction agent flunitrazepam (Eisai product name: Silece®, Chugai product name: Rohypnol®) as well as the marketing authorization held by Chugai for Rohypnol in Japan
Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation License agreement for manufacturing and sales of the antiepileptic agent
Zonegran (generic name: zonisamide) in Europe and Asia
JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation
Agreement for feasibility study for applying the JCR’s blood-brain-barrier (BBB) penetration technology “J-Brain Cargo” to the discovery of new treatments
Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation
License agreement for the commercialization of safinamide (development code: ME2125) in Japan and Asia currently under clinical development in Japan for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease
Novartis AG (Switzerland) Corporation License agreement for worldwide development, manufacturing and sales
of the antiepileptic agent Inovelon/Banzel (generic name: rufinamide)
Orion Corporation (Finland) Corporation
1. Comprehensive marketing agreement concerning Parkinson’s disease treatment Eldepryl (generic name: selegiline hydrochloride) in China
2. Marketing and distribution agreement concerning Parkinson’s disease
treatments Comtan® (generic name: entacapone) and Stalevo® (levodopa/entacapone/carbidopa three-compound combination agent) in China
Pfizer Inc. (U.S.) Corporation Co-promotion of the pain treatment Lyrica (generic name: pregabalin) in
Japan
Purdue Pharma L.P. (U.S.) Corporation Agreement for global co-development and co-promotion of the dual orexin
receptor antagonist lemborexant (development code: E2006)
Sysmex Corporation (Japan) Corporation Comprehensive non-exclusive collaboration agreement for creating new
diagnostics in the dementia area
Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (U.S.) Corporation Exclusive license for the development and marketing of the anti-insomnia
agent Lunesta (generic name: eszopiclone) in Japan
Johns Hopkins University (U.S.) Academia Collaboration agreement for neurological drug discovery research
Keio University (Japan) Academia Implementation of new joint research for the discovery and development of
new drugs targeting dementia
University College London (UCL) (U.K.) Academia
1. In the neurodegenerative disease field encompassing biomarker research, carry out joint research that includes 1) research concerning neuroinflammation, 2) research concerning neurovascular/mitochondria, and 3) research concerning proteostasis
2. Agreement to form major drug discovery alliance to develop new therapeutics for neurological diseases          Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Japan),
F. Hoffman-La Roche Ltd. (Switzerland) Corporation
       82
  Company Introduction Management Strategies
Oncology Area
Epizyme, Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
Partnership in development and commercialization of the anticancer therapies targeting EZH2, including E7438 within Japan, as well as regarding the right of first negotiation for licensing rights in Asia
Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
Collaboration agreement for evaluating Halaven in first-line HER2-negative advanced breast cancer in combination with Halozyme’s investigational new drug PEGPH20, a PEGylated recombinant human hyaluronidase
Helsinn Healthcare S.A. (Switzerland) Corporation
License for the antiemetic agent Aloxi (generic name: palonosetron) in the U.S. and Canada (transferred following the acquisition of MGI Pharma, Inc. on January 28, 2008)
PRISM Pharma Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation Joint research and development concerning CBP/catenin inhibitor E7386
and others
SymBio Pharmaceuticals Limited (Japan) Corporation
1. Exclusive license on joint development and marketing of the anticancer agent Treakisym/Symbenda (generic name: bendamustine) in Japan
2. Exclusive development and marketing licenses in Singapore and South
Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG)    Korea
Other Areas (gastrointestinal disease, and others)
AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG (Germany)
Corporation
   HUYA Bioscience International, LLC (U.S.)
Corporation
Development, sales and co-promotion of the fully human anti-TNF-α monoclonal antibody injectable agent Humira (generic name: adalimumab) in Japan, Taiwan and South Korea (EA Pharma and AbbVie undertake co- promotion for indications in the area of gastrointestinal disease (ulcerative colitis, Crohn’s disease and intestinal Bechet’s disease))
Ajinomoto Co., Inc. (Japan) Corporation
Agreement for integrating (absorption type split) Eisai’s gastrointestinal disease treatment business with Ajinomoto Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Establishment of EA Pharma Co., Ltd.)
Acquisition of exclusive license to develop and market the oral histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor HBI-8000 in Japan, South Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Vietnam and Singapore
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA Corporation
Agreement for joint research on combination therapies of Merck & Co., Inc.’s (Kenilworth, NJ, USA) anti-PD-1 therapy, pembrolizumab, with Eisai’s anticancer agents Lenvima (generic name: lenvatinib) and Halaven (generic name: eribulin)
Novartis AG (Switzerland) Corporation
Agreement with Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (U.S.) on co- promotion of Lenvima in combination with everolimus in the U.S. for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma
Orion Corporation (Finland) Corporation Comprehensive marketing agreement concerning Orion’s breast
cancer drug Fareston (generic name: toremifene citrate) in China
Partnerships aimed at expanding access to medicines
Minophagen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Corporation
      Access Accelerated Global Partnership
Participation in a multi-stakeholder global partnership to advance access to non-communicable diseases (NCDs) prevention, treatment and care in low and lower-middle income countries
Broad Institute (U.S.) Research Institute
1. Joint research aimed at the development of new treatments for Chagas disease and malaria
2. Concluded a new joint-research agreement to develop a new antimalarial medicine based on antimalarial drug targets the joint research team identified in 2016
1. Collaboration and licensing agreement for new drug development for Chagas’ disease and eumycetoma
2. Participation in the Drug Discovery Booster Consortium formed by DNDi with the aim of accelerating the discovery of new drugs for leishmaniasis and Chagas disease
Participation in public-private partnership aimed at bringing Japanese innovation to accelerate development of new medicines to cure infectious diseases in the developing world
1. Agreement for joint research for creating Wolbachia inhibitors (new antifilarial agents)
2. Agreement for joint research for developing antimalarial drugs
Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator Global Partnership
Participation in global partnership aimed at developing new drugs for filariasis (especially river blindness)
Exclusive rights for the development and marketing of liver disease/allergic disease agents Stronger Neo-Minophagen C (generic name: glycyrrhizic acid, combination preparation) and Glycyron Tablets (generic name: glycyrrhizic acid, combination tablets) in Euro-Asian countries where the products have not yet been sold, as well as exclusive first negotiation rights for exclusive marketing rights in China and other Euro-Asian countries where the products are already sold
University of Tsukuba (Japan) Academia Agreement for industry-academia joint research for the development of
new drugs for inflammatory bowel disease that use biomarkers
Agreement for joint research for the development of new antimalarial drugs
Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz) (Brazil) Research Institution
Identify research development collaboration projects targeting Eisai- developed compounds for the treatment of malaria and NTDs, and conduct joint research and development
     Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative
(DNDi ) (Switzerland) Not-for-profit R&D organization
University of Kentucky (U.S.)
Hospital
Agreement for joint research aimed at developing new antimalarial agent
Sabin Vaccine Institute (U.S.) Research Institute Agreement for joint research for development of new vaccines for Chagas’
  Global Health Innovative Technology Fund
(GHIT Fund) (Japan) Non-Profit Public-Private Partnership
disease
Tuberculosis Drug Accelerator (TBDA)
Global Partnership
 Participation in global partnership aimed at creating innovative new drugs for tuberculosis
World Health Organization (WHO) (Switzerland) UN Agency
Agreement for providing free of charge DEC (diethylcarbamazine) tablets, a treatment for lymphatic filariasis, and participation in partnership for providing lymphatic filariasis diagnostic kits free of charge to endemic areas
Participation in consortium sponsored by WIPO for promoting the development of new drugs for tropical diseases
  Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine (U.K.) ,
University of Liverpool (U.K.) Academia
World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO) (Switzerland) UN Agency
Appendix
   83
Eisai Integrated Report 2017