   INTEGRATED REPORT
2019

     Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
Tomorrow, Together
 Realizing Sustained Growth and Medium- and Long-Term Improvement in Corporate Value
As a telecommunications operator that provides social infrastructure, KDDI has the important social mission of enabling stable communications services on an ongoing basis, 24 hours a day and 365 days a year, regardless of conditions.
Furthermore, as a telecommunications operation, our business derives from utilizing radio waves—an important asset shared by all citizens. Accordingly, we recognize that we have the social responsibility to address the issues society faces and seek to resolve them through telecommunications.
To achieve this social mission and fulfill our social responsibility, KDDI is committed to sustaining growth and enhancing corporate value over the medium and long term through measures to achieve its newly created medium-term management plan spanning the period of April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2022 (FY20.3–FY22.3).
  The KDDI Group Mission Statement
The KDDI Group Mission Statement
The KDDI Group values and cares about the material and emotional well-being of all its employees, and delivers a thrilling customer experience by always going further than expected with the ultimate goal of achieving a truly connected society.
Brand message
Company Vision
1 The company the customer can feel closest to
2 A company that continues to produce excitement 3 Contributing to the sustainable growth of society
Financial Target
We achieve sustainable profit growth and further strengthen shareholder returns.
Profit Growth
          Business Strategy
1 Creating innovation toward the 5G era
2 The integration of telecommunications and life design 3 Further expansion of global business
4 Utilizing big data
5 Expanding the finance business
6 Growth as the Group
7 Sustainability
EPS Grow
DPS Over
1.5
times in 6 years
         Shareholder Returns
40
 % payout ratio
  Strengthen Management Infrastructure
 Practicing the KDDI Group Philosophy  Thoroughly managing profitability by segment
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
      
   Our Value
02 The Path of Value Creation 04 KDDI’s Value Creation Cycle
Our Management
06 Medium-Term Management Plan 08 Risks and Growth Opportunities 10 Interview with Management
Our Future
18 Special Feature:
Aiming for a New Stage of Growth
Our Sustainability
28 KDDI’s Sustainability
30 KDDI’s Target SDGs
32 Executive Members
34 Corporate Governance
38 Messages from Outside Directors 40 Executive Remuneration
41 Compliance
42 Risk Management and
Internal Control 43 Disclosure and IR
Financial Information
44 Consolidated Financial Highlights
46 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
48 The Japanese Market and KDDI: Characteristics of the
Domestic Market
50 The Japanese Market and KDDI: KDDI’s Domestic Status
52 Market Overview
53 Analysis of the Consolidated
Statement of Income
54 Analysis of the Consolidated
Statement of Financial Position 55 Analysis of Capital Expenditures
and Cash Flows
56 Performance Analysis by Segment 62 Consolidated Financial Statements
131 Corporate Overview / Stock Information
                                 WEB Financial Information
Investor Relations
• Summary of Financial Statements • Corporate Governance
• Business Risks https://www.kddi.com/english/ corporate/ir/
    WEB
Sustainability
(The Environment & Society)
https://www.kddi.com/english/ corporate/csr/
Non-Financial Information
Research & Development (R&D)
https://www.kddi.com/english/ corporate/r-and-d/
    Editorial Policy: Disclosure of Financial and Non-Financial Information
This report is based on multiple guidelines and frameworks, including the principles outlined by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), providing basic information, financial data, management strategy descriptions, and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data considered particularly neces- sary for investors. Additional sustainability and research & devel- opment (R&D) information that is not contained in this report can be found on KDDI’s website, including the Sustainability Report,
which contains expanded information about non-financial infor- mation from both environmental and social aspects.
KDDI has applied International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. For this report, unless otherwise stated, figures up to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, are based on Japanese GAAP and figures for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, onward are based on IFRS.
 Disclaimer Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Statements contained in this report concerning KDDI’s plans, strategies, beliefs, expectations, or projections about the future, and other statements other than those of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on management’s assumptions in light of information currently available and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, domestic and overseas economic conditions; fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly those affecting the U.S. dollar, euro, and other overseas currencies in which KDDI or KDDI Group companies do business; and the ability of KDDI and KDDI Group companies to continue developing and marketing services that enable them to secure new customers in the communications market—a market characterized by rapid technological advances, the steady introduction of new services, intense price competition, and others.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 01

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
The Path of Value Creation
      2000
KDDI CORPORATION established
2002
“Chaku-uta” music download service launched
FY2004.3-FY2008.3
au ranks
No. 1 for net additions in
2011
KDDI offers its first iPhone
2012
“au Smart Value” and “au Smart Pass” services start
2014
“au WALLET” service begins
3G
Popularization of mobile phones
market share*1
                 (Operating income*2: Billions of yen) 1,200
 1,000
800
600
400
200
0
Dec. 2010
Takashi Tanaka
   Oct. 2000
 DDI CORPORATION (now KDDI CORPORATION) established Yuusai Okuyama appointed president
           (Fiscal years)
2001   2002   2003   2004   2005
2006   2007   2008   2009
2010   2011   2012   2013
*1 Share among NTT DOCOMO, INC. (NTT DOCOMO), SoftBank Corp. (SoftBank), and KDDI + Okinawa Cellular Telephone Company (au)
*2 Results for fiscal years ended March 31. Figures up to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 are based on Japanese GAAP and figures for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 onward are based on IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards).
*3 On a closing price basis for the end of October 2000 to the end of March 2019 (monthly)
*4 CAGR: Compound Average Growth Rate
*5 RGU: Revenue Generating Units. Each household’s subscription to CATV, high-
speed Internet connection, or telephony services each represent one RGU. *6 J.D. Power 2016–2018 Mobile Phone Service Satisfaction Study. The 2018
study is based on responses from 27,600 mobile phone users in Japan.
jdpower-japan.com
*7 J.D. Power 2018-2019 Low-Cost Smartphone Service Satisfaction Study.
Based on the survey conducted in FY2019 responses from 4,000 users who
02 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
appointed president
Jun. 2001
Tadashi Onodera appointed president
          
 the
  Three-Year Medium-Term Targets (FY14.3–FY16.3) Double-digit growth in operating income each fiscal year Dividend payout ratio over 30%
Three-Year Medium-Term Targets (FY17.3–FY19.3) Operating income CAGR*4 7% Dividend payout ratio over 35%
 4G
The rising popularity of smartphones and integration of telecommunications and life design
5G
Improve customer value using high-speed high-volume transfer for enhanced experience
Customer Base*
Retaining a strong customer base inside and outside Japan
   Mobile ID subscriptions FTTH subscriptions
CATV RGU*5 households Global Consumer Business
(As of March 31, 2019) * Personal Services Segment
26.95 million 4.45 million 5.48 million
   2016
“au Denki” begins
2017
“au Wowma!” begins
2018
KDDI entered the education business
2019
Smart Money Concept announced
No. 1 in domestic shares in both Myanmar and Mongolia
           (Market capitalization*3: Trillions of yen)
Touchpoints
Innovativeness
Touchpoints both online and offline
(As of March 31, 2019)
Approx. 2,300 au shops
nationwide
15.49 million “au Smart Pass” and “au Smart Pass Premium” members MAU over 10 million use
“au WALLET” app
Develop new pricing plans ahead of the industry
  Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 Operating income target ¥1.02 trillion
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 Operating income over ¥1 trillion for
first time
2019 2020 (E)
bought and use smartphones or SIM cards with service from contracted
operators. jdpower-japan.com
*8 J.D. Power 2016–2018 Business Mobile Phone Service Satisfaction Study. The
2018 survey is based on 2,890 responses received from 2,287 companies with 100 or more employees. jdpower-japan.com
12
10
8
6
4
2
0
  Apr. 2018
 Makoto Takahashi appointed president
      Nov.
Mar.
Jul. Aug. Jul.
2003 2012
2017
2018
2019
Industry’s first flat-rate packet service introduced
Launch of “au Smart Value”
and “au Smart Pass”
Start of “au Pitatto Plan” and “au Flat Plan” Start of “au Flat Plan 25 Netflix Pack”
Start of “au Data MAX Plan”
               Brand Strength
J.D. Power “No. 1 in Mobile Phone Service Satisfaction”*6 for three years
No. 1 in brand strength and customer satisfaction and in both corporate and individual services
 2014 2015
2016   2017   2018
   (UQ mobile) J.D. Power “No. 1 in Low-Cost Smartphone Service Satisfaction”*7 for two years
J.D. Power “No. 1 in Business Mobile Phone Service Satisfaction” (Large Corporations / Medium- Sized Enterprises Market Segment)*8 for three years
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 03

           Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
KDDI’s Value Creation Cycle
The four sources of KDDI’s value are its “customer base,” “touchpoints,” “innovativeness,” and “brand strength” that have been built over the years since its establishment. We will further refine and enhance these sources of value and optimally allocate the Company’s management resources to maximize KDDI’s corporate value. In doing so, we aim to achieve our medium-term management plan for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
 KDDI’s Surrounding Business Environment
Political (Government / Legislation)
• Comprehensive verification of competition rules in the telecommunications business field
• Complete separation of telecommunication fees and handset prices
Economic
• Consumption tax hike, expansion of cashless settlement • Development of economic and social infrastructure for the Tokyo Olympics
Social (Society / Culture)
• Declining birth rate and aging population / Shrinking population • Decrease in local labor force, Regional revitalization
Technological
• 5G service starts
• Development of technologies such as IoT and AI
• Accelerating use of big data for a data-driven society • Strengthening measures against cyber terrorism
Customers (Market / Clients)
• Further popularization of smartphone use • Expansion of sharing
• Expansion of fintech market
• Diversification of SNS
Competition
• Entry of new business operators into MNO*1
and price competition
• Expansion of business to fields beyond telecommunications • Accelerate collaboration with partner companies for 5G
• Homogenization of services offered
by mobile companies
*1 MNO (Mobile Network Operator)
INPUT
     Financial capital
Fund procurement
 Manufactured capital
Telecommunications, equipment and platforms
 Intellectual capital
Brand strength and R&D
 Human capital
Personnel
 Social and relationship capital
Regions and communities
      Medium-Term Targets (FY2017.3-FY2019.3)
Achieve continuous growth and enhance shareholder return
 Business Strategies
  Transform into a Business Providing Customer Experience Value
(1) Sustainably grow the domestic telecommunications business (2) Maximize the “au Economic Zone”
(3) Ambitiously develop global business
    Profit Growth
  • Target operating income; CAGR*2 of 7%
• Gross merchandise value of au Economic Zone; over ¥2 trillion • M&As for growth; approx. 500 billion yen over three years
  Shareholder Returns
  • Lift dividend payout ratio from “above 30%” to “above 35%
• Repurchase own shares after growth investment
• Limit the amount of treasury stock to approximately 5% of our total issued shares, and cancel
any treasury stock held in excess of this limit
 *2 CAGR (Compound Average Growth Rate)
04 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019

   OUTPUT
   Financial capital
Generating cash flow
Manufactured capital
Creating innovation toward the 5G era communications society, Promoting the global IoT business
Intellectual capital
The integration of telecommunications and life design, Strengthening the life design domain
Human capital
Human resource development, support for women’s advancement, respect for human rights,
and diversity and inclusion
Social and relationship
capital
Page 55
Page 24 Page 27
Page 20
Page 31
     Optimal distribution of management resources across the four sources of value
Customer Brand Base Strength
Business model promotion capability
       Touchpoints
Management strategy Corporate governance
Innovativeness
Page 08 Page 34
          Global business,
regional revitalization, Page 30-31
and environment conservation
     Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020.3-FY2022.3) Page 06 Medium-Term Management Plan Summary
 FY2025.3 Target
  EPS growth
 FY2019.3 R FY2025.3 1.5 times
  FY2020.3- FY2022.3 Initiatives
   Operating revenue growth
     • Operating revenue of life design domain Page 22
  FY2022.3 target ¥1.5 trillion
     • Operating revenue of new Business Services segment
Page 26
     FY2022.3 target ¥1 trillion
 Cost reduction, etc.
Page 07
  3 years total ¥100 billion (approx.)
 Shareholder returns
  • Over 40% payout ratio
• Flexible share buybacks
• Cancel all treasury shares*3
     We achieve sustainable profit growth and further strengthen shareholder returns
*3 Except KDDI shares owned by executives’ compensation BIP Trust Account and ESOP Trust Account
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 05
y
t
i
l
i
b
a
S
u
s
t
a
i
n

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020.3-FY2022.3)
We aimed for continuous growth and enhance shareholder return by offering customer experience value which goes further than expected and it has brought us a secured solid customer base and a steady growth in consolidated operating income up to now.
From now on, full-scale digitization is speeding onward against the backdrop of continual technological advances encompassing 5G (5th Generation Mobile Communications System), and it will bring us big changes in the competitive environment of Japans telecommunications market.
Amid this age of epochal change, KDDI drew up a new three-year medium-term management plan (FY2020.3-FY2022.3) to realize “the integration of telecommunications and life design.”
Sustaining Profit Growth and
Further Strengthening Shareholder Returns
Since its establishment in October 2010, KDDI has achieved 18 straight years of growth in operating income, with its strengths as a comprehensive communications carrier trans- lating into continued business growth. KDDI has also focused on enhancing shareholder returns, increasing dividends for 17 fiscal years in a row.
Under the new medium-term management plan unveiled in May 2019, KDDI targets growth of 1.5 times in earnings per share (EPS) by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2025,
compared with the level in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, while sustaining growth in profits.
Regarding shareholder returns, KDDI has steadily increased dividends toward a dividend payout ratio of at least 40%, while taking a flexible approach to buying back its own shares. In principle, KDDI retires all the shares it buys back.
Through these initiatives, we intend to continue balancing sustained profit growth with stronger shareholder returns.
 (Yen)
1.5
 Target
105.00
FY2019.3
times
EPS
Increase of 1.5 times in six years
through sustained profit growth
DPS
Dividend payout ratio over 40%
Flexible share buybacks Cancel all treasury shares*
   221.65
85.00
FY2017.3
259.10 235.54
     90.00
FY2018.3
FY2025.3
  􏰀 EPS
* Except KDDI shares owned by executives’ compensation BIP Trust Account and ESOP Trust Account
􏰀 DPS
Our Growth Story
01: Earnings expansion via “the integration of telecommunications and life design”
Although growth is gradually tapering off in the domestic mobile communications business, KDDI aims to sustain expansion by offering faster communications speeds and encouraging greater use of rich content in the coming 5G era.
Furthermore, KDDI will aggressively move forward on its growth strategy for “the integration of telecommunications and life design,” with the aim of increasing earnings alongside growth in the life design domain.
KDDI is keen to expand both operating revenue and oper- ating income in the life design domain, with growth driven by commerce, energy, finance, and other services.
Page 20 Special Feature 1: The Integration of Telecommunications and Life Design
 Life Design
Commerce GMV*1
FY2019.3 FY2022.3 (Target) ¥ 250 billion ¥400 billion
Energy
au Denki
subscriptions Over2million 3.4million
FY2019.3 FY2022.3 (Target)
Finance
Transaction volume*2
FY2019.3 FY2022.3 (Target) ¥ 4.4 trillion ¥6.0 trillion
Telecom- munica- tions
Growth through 5G
   06 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
*1 Gross merchandise value
*2 Transaction volume of settlement/loan
           
 02: Operating revenue expansion via the strengthening of growth domains
Under our new medium-term management plan, we have positioned the new Business Services segment as a pillar of growth to accompany the life design domain.
In the new Business Services segment, KDDI aims to increase the total number of IoT connections from eight mil- lion as of March 31, 2019 to 18 million by March 31, 2022, by creating recurring business centered on IoT operations and providing various business platforms in Japan and other countries around the world.
In both growth domains, KDDI is focusing on the targets it set for increasing operating revenue in the life design domain from ¥946 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, to ¥1.5 trillion by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, and expanding operating revenue in the new Business Services segment from ¥886.4 billion to ¥1.0 trillion over the same time frame.
  Page 26
Special Feature 3: Business Expansion through Collaboration with Partners
Operating revenue of
life design domain ¥1.5
Target ¥946 billion
Operating revenue of new Business Services segment
trillion
Target
¥1
FY2022.3
trillion
            FY2019.3 FY2022.3
¥886.4 billion
FY2019.3
Automating operation and maintenance
03: Capital expenditures and cost reductions
    3 years total
¥1.68 trillion
FY2017.3- FY2019.3
Promoting cost efficiency by network virtualization
Reducing promotion costs through advanced marketing method
Revising operation methods
  5G investment
  4G, etc
4G, etc
  Fixed-line and others
Fixed-line and others
 FY2020.3- FY2022.3 (E)
Generating approx. ¥100 billion profit through cost reductions, etc.
Minimizing corporate costs
  Over the course of the previous medium-term management plan, KDDI spent about ¥1.68 trillion on capital investments, mainly for maintaining and expending its 4G network. Under the new medium-term management plan, management intends to keep annual capital investment at a little over ¥600 billion, including investments in 5G that are ramping up this fiscal year.
To sustain profit growth at the same time, KDDI is keen to reduce costs through the use of technology and the adoption
of new ideas that are not bound to conventional thinking. Specifically, KDDI is advancing measures to increase busi- ness efficiency through systemization and the reform of work processes as well as improvements in the cost efficiency of network operations through the use of network virtualization and AI. Management targets a total of ¥100 billion in cost reductions over the next three years that will translate into stronger profit growth.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 07

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Risks and Growth Opportunities
The business environment surrounding KDDI is constantly changing.
KDDI implements measures to quickly anticipate and avoid the many kinds of risks that exist in the
changing business environment. At the same time, KDDI aims to maximize corporate value by turning these risks into growth opportunities for business success.
Below is a description of the risks and growth opportunities of particular interest to investors.
Main Risks Measures to Avoid Risks
     08 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
     Competition and Rapid Shifts in Markets and Business Environment
Exodus of customers: There is a risk that the number of subscribers will fall if budget smartphones catch on or new telecommunications carriers enter the business.
Cuts in communications rates: There is a risk that earnings will be adversely affected by tougher competition.
• KDDI began offering plans that separate billing for telecommunications and handsets ahead of its rivals in July 2017 in response to these changes in the business environment, and its current telecommunications rates are as much as 40% lower than those prior to the introduction of the unbundled plans.
• The au churn rate improved significantly due in part to customers quickly switching to rate plans they prefer.
Before unbundling plans (fiscal year ended March 31, 2017): 0.83%
After unbundling plans (fiscal year ended March 31, 2019): 0.76%
• Roughly two thirds of smartphone customers have switched to unbun- dled plans already, marking favorable progress (as of March 31, 2019).
     Telecommunications Security and Protection of Customer Information (Personal and Corporate Information)
Data leaks and hacking attempts from external networks could undermine trust in and tarnish the brand of KDDI .
• KDDI protects telecommunications secrecy. To protect customer information, KDDI has established the Information Security Committee to prevent information leaks from within and has drawn up Companywide measures for preventing hacking attempts from external networks. KDDI also com- plies with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other global regulatory frameworks.
     Natural Disasters, Accidents and Other Events
Stoppage and interruption of data communica- tions services: There is a risk that information com- munications services could be cut off as a result of unforeseen events, including natural disasters, power shortages and outages, cyberattacks, and communications equipment failures and accidents.
• To create a management structure for dealing with large-scale natural disas- ters, KDDI has formulated disaster response regulations and business con- tinuity plans (BCPs), and undertaken a number of other initiatives, including building a disaster response framework. We have also entered into disaster management agreements with the Ministry of Defense, the Self-Defense Forces, and the Coast Guard, collaborating with relevant organizations to further strengthen our disaster response.
• Effectiveness is assessed through biannual disaster response training. KDDI works to improve on any issues or problem areas identified through that train- ing, and each year a PDCA cycle is employed to construct a more solid foundation for disaster response.
      Telecommunications Sector Regulations and Government Policies
Revisions to Telecommunications Business Act:
Complete separation of telecommunication fees and handset prices, and the prohibition of excessive enclosure customers, will become law.
Allocation of frequencies: There are risks that network costs will increase when adapting to new frequencies, and that the necessary frequencies cannot be acquired.
• In light of laws and regulations concerning upgrade programs, time constraints, and automatic renewals, for example, KDDI intends to change what is nec- essary and to legally comply by the deadline (estimated to be October 1, 2019).
Moreover, KDDI aims to make steady progress toward its profit objectives for the fiscal year.
• In April 2019, portions of the 5G frequencies were allocated by the government in Japan. Based on the ambitious plan it submitted, KDDI was allocated 600MHz in total bandwidth in the 3.7GHz and 28GHz bands, including fre- quencies likely to be used by other 5G networks around the world. We anticipate major advantages from the standpoint of improvements in cost efficiency, in terms of network development outlays, and terminal pro- curement costs.
                   
• As stand-alone domestic mobile telecommunications face more challenges for existing business growth, KDDI aims to establish a presence in new growth areas.
• Specifically, KDDI aims for growth centered on existing telecommunications services tied into life design services encompassing commerce, finance, energy, entertainment, and education. While further advancing “the integration of telecommunications and life design,” the core of its business strategy, KDDI aims to increase sales on a total ARPA basis by providing new experience value to customers who use au and other services.
• Moreover, we are aiming for a deeper engagement with our customers by combining various life design services with telecom- munications services that are essential to their lifestyles. This will lead to the maximization of Life Time Value, an expression of the sum of customer numbers (IDs, including Group companies), total ARPA, and customer engagement. Page 20
        • With data-driven management using big data gaining attention these days, KDDI makes concerted efforts every day to main- tain service quality, which is a prerequisite for retaining customers, by ensuring security and protecting privacy through the strict management of customer information, an important asset.
• Along with Group companies, KDDI will provide advanced information security and reliable ICT so its customers can focus on their businesses, thereby contributing to the development of a digital society and economy.
     • Japan currently faces a variety of issues, such as a long-term decline in its population, and waning vitality in regional economies caused by the overconcentration of people in large cities. KDDI is contributing to the advancement of Japanese society by helping to solve these various issues through the provision of high-quality telecommunications services over reliable mobile networks, a crucial component of social infrastructure.
• In April 2019, the KDDI Regional Initiatives Fund No. 1 was established with the aim of financing local companies and venture firms that promote regional revitalization. This put into place a structure for promoting regional revitalization through 5G and IoT. KDDI’s system to promote regional economy will also serve to create and expand new business areas.
     • Although there is a risk that customers will leave KDDI as a result of coverage concerning the prohibition of billing tactics to retain customers, KDDI also anticipates an increase in opportunities to win new customers as market flow is stimulated. By latching onto these opportunities, we aim to increase the number of customers (IDs), including Group companies, in a bid to expand the customer base.
• KDDI aims to improve the efficiency of investments in facilities by leveraging the advantages of the 5G frequencies it has obtained, sharing 4G, adding software functions and sharing equipment with other companies. Page 24
• The Company plans to launch commercial 5G services in March 2020. As smartphone-centric services become more prevalent and data traffic increases alongside the spread of data-heavy content, KDDI views these changes as an excellent opportunity to advance “the integration of telecommunications and life design” and increase total ARPA in the 5G era.
         Initiatives for Growth
     KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 09

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Interview with Management
Tomorrow, Together
In addition to realizing “the integration of telecommunications and life design,”
we endeavor to provide solutions to social issues and help achieve a truly connected society.
Answer 01
Looking back, I think it was a very fulfilling year. In my first year as president, I devot- ed my energy to formulating the new medium-term management plan (April 2019 to March 2022), which was unveiled in May 2019.
During this process, however, two major changes occurred, requiring us to make last-minute revisions to the management plan. After this arduous process, I am confi- dent the final version of the management plan is able to firmly address the issue of creating a path toward sustained growth while keeping costs in check.
Page 06 The Medium-Term Management Plan Answer 02
The first was a revision to the Telecommunications Business Law, which reflected the “urgent proposal to fix mobile services” announced by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications in November 2018.
The revision fostered speculation on the stock market that the entire telecommuni- cations sector, including KDDI, would stop growing, and KDDI’s share price fell sharply. To be honest, this event was quite a shock for me.
However, KDDI had already taken steps to separate charges for communications and handsets with the rollout of the “au Pitatto Plan” and the “au Flat Plan” in July 2017, returning value to customers. We estimate that the additional negative impact on revenue from revising our rate plans in view of the new rate plans of competitors will total almost ¥100 billion over the next three years.
The second major change was the entrance of a new competitor into the telecom- munications field. This will probably heat up competition in the domestic mobile com- munications market.
Even considering the additional measures to address these major changes, we still aim for sustained growth under the new medium-term management plan, a major accomplishment in my opinion.
Question 01
Please tell us, in a frank manner, your thoughts about the past year or so, since being appointed president of KDDI.
Question 02
What specifically were these two major changes you mentioned?
    10 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
 Makoto Takahashi
President, KDDI CORPORATION
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 11

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Interview with Management
 Question 03
How will KDDI take on the new competitor in the telecommu- nications field?
Question 04
In addition to the reliability of existing communications networks, what else can KDDI take pride in? Where is KDDI’s wellspring of value?
Answer 03
With the emergence of a potential rival, KDDI is at risk of losing market share, so we are readying ourselves ahead of the new player’s launch of services in October 2019.
The new rival has strengths in the e-commerce field, etc. an area where KDDI does not presently hold the advantage. For this reason, we intend to use our ingenu- ity to “innovate” areas of weakness while fortifying our “defenses” in trusted, highly reliable communications networks, KDDI’s area of strength.
At the same time, we will go on the “offensive” by taking on challenges with a sense of urgency, including innovative initiatives such as the network function virtual- ization (NFV) technology being adopted by the new rival. Although the competition will be fierce, KDDI will flexibly and appropriately respond to various changes.
Answer 04
KDDI has consistently grown profits for 18 consecutive fiscal years. Being able to sustain growth in a rapidly changing business environment is a testament to our ability to take on new challenges and maintain downward pressure on costs even in the face of hardship. This achievement has also fostered confidence among all our employees and will be instrumental in carrying on with the fight against the competition.
We have been innovators during past transitions to new communications stan- dards. For example, KDDI was the first to introduce flat-rate data plans during the 3G era and to offer affordable rate plans for smartphones that bundled mobile and fixed- line services during the 4G era. We have constantly produced excitement for our customers by creating new added value through collaboration with our partners, as evidenced in our financial performance.
As we head into the 5G era, we must fix our attention on the latest trends around the world while pursuing the digital transformation of KDDI. In order to continue pro- viding ever-better services, I believe we must reduce operating costs further through network virtualization and the deployment of AI, and fully demonstrate the ability of our corporate culture, employee motivation, and behavioral patterns to endure changes in the business environment.
  12 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
     More than ever before,
we will use our ingenuity to “innovate,” while fortifying our “defenses” in the form of highly trusted networks.
As we go on the “offensive,”
we will effect a transformation of KDDI.
     
  The KDDI Group Mission Statement
   “Explore the extraordinary”
 Question 05
What concepts have been incor- porated into the new medium- term management plan?
Answer 05
The new medium-term management plan has five layers comprising the KDDI Group Mission Statement, our brand message, the company vision, business strategy/ financial objectives, and stronger management infrastructure.
With the KDDI Group Mission Statement providing an important foundational com- ponent of this framework, we have refreshed our brand message. For the KDDI cor- porate brand slogan and as the brand for our businesses serving corporate customers, we decided on “Tomorrow, Together.” And for consumer-facing busi- nesses, we chose the au brand slogan “Explore the Extraordinary.” This decision was the result of intense discussions by employees who will lead KDDI into the future,
a group now mainly in their 40s.
Also, we have added a third vision: to be “a company that contributes to the sus-
tained growth of society.” It joins the two visions, announced last year, of what KDDI will become going forward: to be “the company the customer can feel closest to” and “a company that continues to produce excitement.”
We intend to instill this frame of mind throughout the Company so that all of our employees can move in the same direction toward achieving the objectives of the new medium-term management plan.
Answer 06
Maximizing revenues, minimizing expenses is a central tenet of the KDDI Group Philosophy, and our employees have been instilled with a mindset focused on increasing the top line through business growth while continuing to expand profits by responsibly reducing costs. Our aim for sustained growth also relates to the core of the KDDI Group Mission Statement, which is to value and care about the material and emotional well-being of all our employees, and to achieve a truly connected society.
Answer 07
To further “the integration of telecommunications and life design,” KDDI rearranged its four segments into the Personal Services Segment for consumer-facing business- es, and the Business Services Segment for our businesses serving corporate cus- tomers. In addition, global businesses are now positioned as an extension of domestic businesses, as integrating both into the same segment will allow for global businesses to take advantage of business expertise and management resources accumulated in Japan.
In the Personal Services Segment, the telecommunications business has driven growth to date, but in the future, KDDI aims to expand earnings on a total ARPA basis that integrates telecommunications and life design services.
Moreover, KDDI is keen to expand operations in Southeast Asia. In particular, it is duplicating its “integration of telecommunications and life design” business model
 Question 06
What is unique about KDDI’s sustained growth?
Question 07
What is the purpose of changing segment classifications at the start of the new medium-term management plan?
  KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 13

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Interview with Management
  Question 08
In the Personal Services Segment, KDDI is aiming for top-line growth by expanding operating revenue in the life design domain. How exactly will this growth be accomplished?
overseas, with the ultimate aim of creating an “au Economic Zone” like that in Japan. In the Business Services Segment, KDDI targets steady overall profit growth for its core
business, including existing fixed-line services, the global ICT business, and Group com- panies, while stepping up efforts in new growth fields centered on the IoT business.
Answer 08
In the life design domain, the Company targets growth in operating revenue from ¥946.0 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 to ¥1.5 trillion by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022. Specifically, we aim for top-line growth across the board, including entertainment and education operations, with growth being driven by commerce, energy, and financial businesses.
In the financial services field, KDDI announced in February 2019 the establishment of intermediate financial holding company au Financial Holdings Corporation. Related financial companies were then placed under the new holding company’s umbrella as of April 1, 2019.
In the energy field, “au Denki” (electricity) has already signed up over two million accounts. This market share places us in the top tier of retail electric power providers.
In the commerce business, although we have lined up merchandise, we still have much to learn from other companies, and this is an area we must reinforce. While growing existing business, KDDI will consider M&A activities if the need arises while closely scrutinizing potential deals.
Page 20 Special Feature 1: The Integration of Telecommunications and Life Design Answer 09
In the Business Services Segment, KDDI is building out platforms for providing ser- vices to various industries, based on the KDDI IoT World Architecture it has devel- oped and adopted for the Global Communications Platform being promoted by Toyota Motor Corporation (Toyota). KDDI is building a strong cooperative relationship with Toyota, with KDDI communications modules embedded in connected cars the automaker sells in Japan. Responding to the need to develop this business model globally, KDDI has entered into a partnership with AT&T in the United States. KDDI will expand the service area for this platform by forging partnerships with other carriers around the world, including in China.
Moreover, we will take the know-how gained through our collaboration with Toyota and apply it to KDDI’s IoT World Architecture, which will support our global partners, including Hitachi, Ltd. and Toshiba Corporation, as well as the operations of our cus- tomers who are keen to develop business globally.
Page 26 Special Feature 3: Business Expansion through Collaboration with Partners
   Question 09
KDDI targets ¥1 trillion in operating revenue from the new Business Services segment as one more growth area, but how will this target be attained?
   14 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
           
 In the 5G era, telecommunications will be prevalent everywhere with IoT connecting
a multiplicity of things to the Internet.
Question 10
What is KDDI’s budget for capital investment in 5G from the current fiscal year?
Answer 10
In April 2019, 5G frequencies was allocated by the government in Japan. Based on the plan KDDI submitted to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, KDDI was allocated 600MHz in total bandwidth that included frequencies likely to be used by other 5G networks around the world, a reflection of its ambitious plan in terms of 5G area coverage and 5G-specific base station installations. We anticipate improve- ments in cost efficiency in terms of network development outlays and terminal pro- curement costs.
Our plan to roll out 5G entails ¥466.7 billion in capital investments over the next five years. We intend to increase efficiency further by jointly using base station assets with other companies.
Starting in the current fiscal year, KDDI will invest in both 4G and 5G networks, but 4G-related investment has already peaked. For the current fiscal year, KDDI plans capital investments in the amount of ¥610 billion, roughly the same level as last year. During the new medium-term management plan, we intend to keep capital invest- ments a little over ¥600 billion level.
Answer 11
KDDI plans to commence trial services this autumn and then launch commercial ser- vices in March 2020. To follow this schedule, KDDI will operate on a non-standalone basis to offer 5G services in conjunction with 4G networks. KDDI will initially develop a “hybrid network” with brilliant 4G service covering 99.9% of the population, com- bined with special 5G services. Over the medium term, KDDI intends to operate a separate 5G network on a standalone basis.
Answer 12
In the 5G era, video streaming will probably become commonplace. In addition to video on demand and digital signage, I believe all forms of expression could feasibly turn to video, such as videos embedded in recipe sites or videos exchanged instead of text on social networking services. As a pioneering move in the 5G era, KDDI was the first MNO* in Japan to start offering an unlimited monthly data plan called the “au Data MAX Plan.”
With these potential changes on the horizon, KDDI aims to expand business by considering partnerships with over-the-top (OTT) streaming media players.
Moreover, in April, 2019, we began using 5G to promote regional revitalization, such as through the establishment of the KDDI Regional Initiatives Fund.
* Mobile Network Operator.
Page 24 Special Feature 2: New Growth Opportunities and Solutions for Social Issues with 5G
 Question 11
When do you think 5G services will take off?
Question 12
What kind of changes will 5G services bring?
    KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 15

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Interview with Management
 Question 13
The new medium-term management plan also covers sustainability initiatives, such as SDGs, within the context of engagement with all stakehold- ers. What are the objectives of KDDI’s sustainability initiatives? How do its business activities translate into progress toward the SDGs?
Question 14
In the new medium-term man- agement plan, one of the new targets is to achieve EPS growth in tandem with profit growth. Can you explain how this target will be reached?
Answer 13
In the 5G era, everything will be connected to the Internet via IoT, and communica- tions functions will be embedded in all devices.
With this changeover in eras in mind, we have set forth KDDI’s target SDGs in line with its clarified vision to be “a company that contributes to the sustained growth of society” in the new medium-term management plan.
The Company is taking two approaches to addressing these SDGs, as “social issues to be solved through business” and “social issues to be solved through cor- porate activities.” For the former, KDDI has set medium- and long-term targets that are tied to business strategies, encompassing telecommunications, global business, regional revitalization, education, and finance, and for the latter, it has targets tied to corporate activities that include developing human resources, supporting women’s advancement in the workplace, respecting human rights, promoting diversity and inclusion, and conserving the environment.
In an era where communications functions are embedded in everything, KDDI is confident in its ability to help solve various social issues through its telecommunica- tions services, and will spread this mindset throughout the Company.
Page 30 KDDI’s Target SDGs Answer 14
As with the previous medium-term management plan, KDDI is keen to expand prof- its, having set and achieved goals for double-digit growth in operating income every year from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, and for a CAGR of 7% in operating income from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. Under the new medium-term management plan, owing in part to major changes in markets, we have for the first time set EPS as a KPI instead of operating income.
While continuing to prioritize profit growth, we wanted to convey the message that KDDI will achieve these lofty targets no matter what it takes, including the repurchase of the Company’s own shares, as a means of making up for shortfalls from targets. In addition to business growth, I believe this expresses our determination as a company to return value to shareholders, with management clearly focused on the interests of shareholders.
    16 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
     In an era where communications functions are embedded in everything, KDDI is confident in its ability
to help solve various social issues through its telecommunications services.
     
  Question 15
What are your thoughts on shareholder returns in the future?
Answer 15
In allocating free cash flow, we are prioritizing investments in growth to ensure con- tinued increases in profits, followed by dividends and then share buybacks when appropriate. While maintaining a sound financial position, the Company’s basic policy is to pay a stable dividend.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, operating income crossed the ¥1 trillion threshold for the first time ever. To express our appreciation to our shareholders, KDDI distributed a dividend of ¥105 per share, which is ¥15 per share higher than last year, for a dividend payout ratio of 40.5%. We plan to increase dividends by ¥5, to ¥110 per share for the current fiscal year, and have announced a ¥150 billion share buyback program by December 23, 2019. For now, the Company will steadily execute these plans.
Under the new medium-term management plan, we have made a commitment to a dividend payout ratio of 40% or higher, and take a flexible approach to share buybacks while retiring all treasury stock*. We have therefore taken a more proactive stance on shareholder returns than under the previous medium-term management plan.
* Excluding treasury stock held in the executive compensation BIP trust account and the stock-granting ESOP trust account.
Answer 16
KDDI would like to impress upon its stakeholders the fact that it has stayed true to its basic aim of sustaining growth. Overcoming hardships since its founding in 2000, KDDI has achieved 18 consecutive fiscal years of profit growth. The view that the telecommunications industry is unlikely to grow much more, even on a global basis, is becoming more widespread. Yet, at KDDI, we are rallying our ingenuity to meet the challenge of sustaining growth. By helping create a truly connected society, KDDI aims to be a company that wins the support of all its stakeholders, including share- holders and investors.
We ask for your continued support and guidance in the future.
Makoto Takahashi
President, KDDI CORPORATION
 Question 16
In conclusion, do you have a final message for all stakeholders?
  KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 17

     Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Special Feature:
Aiming for a New Stage of Growth
Beginning in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, KDDI reorganized its business segments to better align with its future business vision, creating the Personal Services segment, which provides services to individ- ual consumers, and the Business Services segment, which offers services to corporate customers.
In addition to growth strategies for both business segments, we explain our 5G Strategy that will support KDDI’s growth over the medium term.
Change of Segments
Former segments
     Personal
Life Design
Business
Global
 New segments
 Domestic
Personal
Personal +
Life Design
domain
Business
Business
      Global
Global consumers
Services
Global ICT
 Services
         18 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
      
   Feature 01: The Integration of Telecommunications and Life Design
In a mature communications market in Japan, strong growth in au subscribers is unlikely. Nonetheless, KDDI aims to sustain growth though “the integration of telecom- munications and life design” by developing the Life Design Business with concentric rings entailing commerce, finance, energy, entertainment, and education, around a core of the domestic telecommunications business and its customer base.
   The Integration of Telecommunications and Life Design.
  Page 20
  Feature 02: New Growth Opportunities and Solutions for Social Issues with 5G
Mobile telecommunications are on the verge of transitioning from 4G to 5G technology. In line with “creating innovation toward the 5G era,” one of our business strategies under the new medium-term management plan, KDDI will advance busi- ness strategies that view 5G as a new growth opportunity. Moreover, by deploying 5G in regional revitalization, KDDI aims to be “a company that contributes to the sustained growth of society” by solving social issues framed by the SDGs.
    Page 24
  Feature 03: Business Expansion through Collaboration with Partners
Society is undergoing dramatic changes amid advances in IoT and AI technologies, as well as a digital transformation (DX). In this period of change, KDDI is using IoT to help customers realize their DX and expanding business globally by working with them to create recurring business models.
    KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 19
Page 26

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
Personal Services Segment:
The Integration of Telecommunications and
Advancing “the Integration of Telecommunications and Life Design”
The competitive landscape for the domestic mobile telecommunications busi- ness is changing dramatically with the proliferation of discount smart-
phones, the entry of a new telecommunications carrier in autumn 2019, and revisions to telecommunications-related laws. We believe it would be more difficult to sustain growth at KDDI if we were to rely solely on
the mobile telecommunications business.
Establishing new growth domains is a pressing need.
  KDDI is pushing forward with “the integration of telecommunications and life design,” placing the
telecommunications business and its customer base—sources of competitiveness—at the core
of the consumer business, surrounded by con- centric rings of commerce, finance, energy, enter-
tainment, and education in the life design business. KDDI invested a total of ¥500 billion in growth over the
three-year period of the previous medium-term management plan (the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019) in order to bring together the parts necessary to push forward with “the integra- tion of telecommunications and life design.”
Over the course of the new medium-term management plan, we aim to significantly grow these products and services as the life design domain. By providing comprehensive life design services for each life stage of its customers, KDDI will come closer to realizing its aims to be “the compa- ny the customer can feel closest to” and “a company that continues to produce excitement,” thus remaining the preferred choice of its customers.
Provision of comprehensive life design services for every customer life stage
 Breakdown of household expenditures*1 (households with two or more people)
KDDI’s Life Design Domain
    17.4
Others
4.6 Communications
(%)
27.6
*2 au Jibun Bank
   3.9 4.0
Furniture Clothing
Furniture Clothing
Education Healthcare
Food
Entertainment
au Asset Management
au Insurance
Others
Communications Housing
au Loans and Home Mortgage
Food
Entertainment Transportation
   4.1 Education Healthcare
   10.1
Basic utilities
 4.7
Housing
5.9
Basic utilities
7.7
Transportation
10.0
   au Denki (Electric Power Service)
*1 Source: KDDI, based on data from Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications’ Family Income and Expenditure Survey (2018)
 *2 The planned change in the company name of Jibun Bank is contingent upon receiving approval at the general meeting of shareholders for a revision of the articles of incorporation, as well as approval from the relevant authorities.
 20
KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
 Life Design
Maximizing Life Time Value
To sustain growth, KDDI has expanded “total ARPA”, the combination of telecommunications and added value, by pro- viding new experience value through the life design services it has created to date while leveraging its ID base, which has increased throughout the Group.
KDDI aims to deepen engagement with customers through the vigorous promotion of “au Smart Value,” a service that
bundles fixed-line and mobile telecommunications, and “Smart Value (life design edition),” a combination of telecom- munications and life design services. We are keen to maxi- mize Life Time Value as a concept of value generated as the product of (1) the number of customers (IDs) across the Group companies, (2) total ARPA, and (3) length of usage (engagement).
    (2) Total ARPA
  Added value
ARPA growth throu+gh life design services
Telecommunications
ARPA growth through 5G
 Life Time Value
 (3) Usage over time (engagement) (1) IDs
Telecommunications x Life Design Smart Value (l+ife design edition)
Fixed-line x Mobile
“au Smart Value”
        Benefits from Deeper Engagement
The churn rate for customers who have signed up for con- tracts that bundle au with “au Denki” or au with the “au WALLET Credit card” is much lower than that for customers who have only stand-alone contracts with au.
KDDI intends to deepen engagement with customers fur- ther by bundling services that customers use for longer peri- ods of time than au Smartphone, such as financial products.
Growth Domains and M&A
KDDI approaches M&A from the standpoint of generating synergies with its existing operations. KDDI positions the fol- lowing four areas as growth domains:
(1) Maximize Group IDs, the basis for “the integration of telecommunications and life design”
(2) Maximize Life Time Value by expanding operating revenue and increasing engagement
(3) Provide new value by acquiring capabilities towards the 5G and IoT era
(4) Expand global business
KDDI supports the companies it has invested in as much as possible, prioritizing their growth as Group companies by granting them access to its assets.
Significantly reduce churn rate using bundles with “au Denki” and credit cards
Churn rate
  au only
au
+
au Wowma!
Half
au
+
“au Denki”
au
+ au
Jibun Bank
+ au au Smart Pass +
“au WALLET Credit card”
This policy has driven growth in KDDI’s own services, such as “au Smart Pass” and carrier billing, in the life design domain. In addition to the stable growth of KDDI’s own ser- vices, Group companies have also contributed to KDDI’s consolidated performance, creating a virtuous cycle.
 A New Growth Stage for KDDI Group
(Billions of yen)
663.2 512.7
741.3
FY15.3
832.6
FY16.3
913.0
FY17.3
962.8
FY18.3
1,013.7
FY19.3
            FY13.3
FY14.3
􏰀􏰀 Operating income (non-consolidated)*1 􏰀􏰀 Operating income (consolidated)*2
*1 Operating income (non-consolidated) on a Japanese GAAP basis
*2 Operating income (consolidated) on a Japanese GAAP basis until the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2015, and then on an IFRS basis from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 21

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Personal Services Segment:
Sustained Growth in the Life Design Domain
Under the new medium-term management plan unveiled in May 2019, KDDI aims to expand operating revenue from the life design domain to ¥1.5 trillion by the fiscal year ending
 March 31, 2022, the last year of the medium- term management plan. To achieve this
goal, we are focusing on
1) expansion of commerce gross merchandise value,
2) growth in “au Denki” subscriptions, and
3) growth in the transaction vol- ume of settlement and loan.
Furthermore, KDDI seeks to continue increasing operating
income in the life design domain while maintaining current operating
      margins.
Life design domain: Operating revenue
¥1.5trillion (target) ¥946.0 billion
charge
Balance: Over ¥100 billion*1
payment
Number of issued cards: Over 20 million*2
       The KDDI Group’s commerce operations, including the “au Wowma!” online shopping site and the “Shop Channel,” a TV shopping service, generate annual gross merchandise value (GMV) of around ¥250 billion, as of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. Plans call for expanding GMV to about ¥400 billion by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
To achieve this target, we are improving the lineup of life design merchandise to align more closely with the lifestyles of customers and strengthening collaborative efforts related to the au WALLET point program.
The au WALLET point program awards points to custom- ers in a variety of ways, such as when they pay au
22 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
smartphone or other telecommunications charges; on a monthly basis under the “au STAR” benefits program, which encourages the long-term use of au services; when they set- tle “au Denki,” gas or other utility bills; or when they pay for financial products. Accumulated points (¥1 per point) can be used to pay for au services or daily shopping.
The balance of au WALLET points and the balance on au WALLET prepaid cards currently totals over ¥100 billion. We aim to expand the “au Economic Zone” by creating a self-rein- forcing cycle within the “au Economic Zone” by, for example, encouraging customers to spend their points at “au Wowma!”
*1 Total of point and prepaid card balances
*2 Total of active credit cards and prepaid cards issued
points
  FY2019.3
FY2022.3
01: Expansion of Commerce Gross Merchandise Value
 Commerce
Gross merchandise Fiscal year ended ¥250.0 Fiscal year ending ¥400.0 value March 31, 2019 billion March 31, 2022 billion
          
02: Growth in “au Denki” subscriptions
 Energy
“au Denki” Fiscal year ended Over 2.0 Fiscal year ending 3.4 million subscriptions March 31, 2019 million March 31, 2022 (target)
KDDI began offering “au Denki” in tandem with the deregula- tion of the retail electric power sector in April 2016.
Up to 5% of monthly charges for “au Denki” are converted into points for au WALLET. This simple and rewarding rate plan has been a success, as shown by the number of “au Denki” subscribers rising above 2 million as of March 31, 2019. KDDI aims to further expand revenue by increasing the number of subscribers to 3.4 million by March 31, 2022.
Moreover, we are concentrating our efforts on increasing bundled sales with “au WALLET Credit card” while expanding the customer base for “au Denki.”
As a latecomer to the credit card industry, KDDI needs to find a way to improve the stature of “au WALLET Credit card.” In this context, KDDI is focusing on enhancing
Example of monthly usage
collaboration with the au WALLET point program and aggres- sively promoting bundled sales at retail stores, in the hope that customers who use the “au WALLET Credit card” as their main card to pay for utilities essential in their daily lives, such as telecommunications, electricity and gas bills, will begin to use it as their main credit card for payments for other items.
As a result of these initiatives, the ratio of “au Denki” sub- scribers that use “au WALLET Credit card” as their means of payment has steadily increased. Compared with customers who do not subscribe to “au Denki,” these customers tend to charge more on their credit cards every month, and this has the side effect of expanding credit card transaction volume.
1 The first example features a customer who has been an au subscriber for less than four years and who has signed up for “au STAR.” The total includes 40 points for a flat-rate plan cost- ing ¥4,980 (tax not included) and 52 points for a ¥5,378 (tax included) payment for au services using the “au WALLET Credit Card.”
2 The second example uses bonus point stores, where every ¥200 spent earns 3 points.
  03: Growth in the Transaction Volume of Settlement and Loan
 Finance
Transaction Volume of Fiscal year ended ¥4.4 Fiscal year ending ¥6.0 trillion Settlement and loan March 31, 2019 trillion March 31, 2022 (target)
KDDI is focusing efforts on the settlement and financial business as a profit growth driver for the life design domain. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the transaction volume of settle- ment and loan reached ¥4.4 trillion, and we aim to expand this to ¥6.0 trillion by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
As the first step toward attaining this target, au Financial Holdings Corporation started business in April 2019, putting into place a structure for accelerating decision making in the financial services business and strengthening ties with Group companies in financial services.
Under this new structure, we will comprehensively provide a “smartphone-centric” settlement and financial services experience, where customers’ smartphones become a gate- way for various financial services, such as savings, payments, investments, loans, and insurance.
Moreover, KDDI is promoting collaboration between banks and securities firms through capital participation in kabu.com Securities Co., Ltd. and Jibun Bank Corporation in June 2019. In the domestic consumer finance market, instead of traditional financial institutions, financial groups are more likely to see strong growth if they aim to expand business using Fintech, owing to the proliferation of smartphone-based ser- vices and a generational change in the customer base. We
believe KDDI has a substantial advantage entering this domain, thanks to its large base of more than 20 million smartphone customers.
KDDI aims to expand overall profits in the settlement and financial services business by latching its diverse settlement operations, including high-margin carrier billing, as well as au WALLET and au PAY services, onto growth in these new domains.
Provision of “smartphone-centric” settlements and financial services
*1
*2
*1 The planned change in the company name of Jibun Bank is contingent upon receiving approval at the general meeting of shareholders for a revision of the articles of incorporation, as well as approval from the relevant authorities.
*2 We will steadily change the names of each company to match our au brand, subject to obtaining approval from the relevant authorities. Logos of au Insurance Company and kabu.com Securities are currently under discus- sion, and have not been determined.
 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 23

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Business Services Segment:
New Growth Opportunities and Solutions
KDDI plans to commence commercial 5G services in 2020. In line with “creating innovation toward the 5G era,” one of our business strategies under the new
 medium-term management plan, we will pursue 5G inno- vation in diverse fields with partner companies.
 Through this innovation, KDDI aims to fur- ther improve corporate value by support-
ing regional revitalization and the resolution of social issues, bringing novel business models to society.
  5G Rollout Plan
3.7GHz band 100MHz x 2 ranges + 28GHz band 400MHz = total 600MHz
3.6GHz 3.7GHz 3.8GHz 3.9GHz
27.0GHz 27.4GHz 27.8GHz
Source:Data prepared by KDDI based on materials from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications http://www.soumu.go.jp/main_content/000613734.pdf
4G
Hybrid Network
4.0GHz
28.2GHz
4.1GHz
29.1GHz
5G
4.5GHz
4.6GHz
29.5GHz
       3.7GHz band 4.5GHz band
(1) NTT Docomo 100MHz
(2) KDDI Okinawa Cellular Telephone 100MHz
(3) Rakuten Mobile 100MHz
(4) Softbank 100MHz
(5) KDDI Okinawa Cellular Telephone 100MHz
(6) NTT Docomo 100MHz
     28GHz band
(1) Rakuten Mobile 400MHz
(2) NTT Docomo 400MHz
(3) KDDI Okinawa Cellular Telephone 400MHz
(4) Softbank 400MHz
   In April 2019, KDDI received its allocation of the 5G frequency. KDDI plans to launch trials of 5G services in limited regions from September 2019, before releasing 5G-compatible smartphones by the end of March 2020. While expanding its 5G coverage areas, KDDI will deploy a hybrid network based on its existing robust 4G network in order to ensure high-speed, high-quality services.
The frequency allocated to KDDI totals 600MHz, including two 100MHz ranges in the 3.7GHz band, and one 400MHz range in the 28GHz band. This represents the most
24 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
bandwidth that KDDI has ever been allocated. These frequen- cies are in close proximity to the 5G bandwidth already being introduced in the United States and South Korea, and these frequency bands are likely to be used around the world for 5G services. Having secured this desirable frequency, KDDI will be able to strengthen its competitiveness for the 5G era, and anticipates a reduction in network development costs and handset procurement costs. KDDI will also make capital out- lays efficiently while sharing facilities with other companies.
          
for Social Issues with 5G
Innovations with 5G
Smart factories Autonomous driving Remote operations Remote medical care
Free view point image stadium views
      Partner companies
      Telecommunications
Open innovation
Platforms
5G/IoT platform
5G technology is likely to find applications in a broad range of fields, thanks to its high capacity, low latency, and massive connectivity. KDDI is keen to pursue 5G innovation through tie-ups with partners in diverse fields that range far beyond the telecommunications industry. KDDI DIGITAL GATE, which opened as a center for open innovation in September 2018, works with customers launching IoT businesses to devise
solutions to their problems. To date, it has helped over 200 companies. KDDI DIGITAL GATE’s greatest advantage is its ability to solve customer issues with the latest technologies and to rapidly prototype ideas with agile development. By collaborating with startups, major enterprises and local gov- ernment entities, we are expanding the scope of business development for the coming 5G/IoT era.
Accelerating the use of 5G with partners
    Mackerel restoration project
    Obama City, Fukui Prefecture
Aizuwakamatsu City, Fukushima Prefecture
Gotenba City, Hamamatsu City, Shizuoka Prefecture Shizuoka Prefecture
In April 2019, KDDI established the KDDI Regional Initiatives Fund, a regional revitalization fund. The Fund plans to invest ¥3.0 billion over the next five years in local companies and venture firms that are revitalizing regions by introducing inno- vative technologies and business models. KDDI is strongly pushing ahead with regional revitalization by supporting busi- nesses through the KDDI Regional Initiatives Fund and by deploying KDDI resources, technologies, and expertise.
Through the use of 5G technology, KDDI aims to be “a company that contributes to the sustained growth of society” while growing alongside the regional communities it serves.
Japanese sake brewery project
Mt. Fuji trailhead visualization project
ICT installation at Inland Abalone Farms
 KDDI entered into agreements for regional collaboration on 5G usage with 63 local governments in Japan in a bid to solve regional issues and realize regional revitalization.
 Established ¥3.0 billion KDDI Regional Initiatives Fund in April 2019
Contributed to SDGs by promoting digital transformation using 5G with regional venture firms
Accelerated deployment of 5G with venture firms
Over the past few years, international movements to address social issues, like the United Nations SDGs, which identify global issues, have gained momentum. Companies are increasingly expected to contribute to the sustained growth of society through their business activities.
KDDI has identified utilizing 5G to promote regional revital- ization as an initiative in line with KDDI’s target SDGs outlined in its new medium-term management plan.
KDDI has long striven to solve social issues by collaborating with regional governments and local companies all over Japan. With the 5G era on the horizon, KDDI is promoting innovation through collaboration with partners and has formed similar ties with 63 local governments across the nation.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 25

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Business Services Segment:
Business Expansion through Collaboration
As IoT and AI technologies grow in leaps and bounds, communications connecting these technologies will become embedded throughout society. Beginning with infrastructure, a multiplicity of things will produce data, and traditional busi-
ness models will change dramatically as a result of this digital transforma- tion. During this period of change, KDDI is working with its
partners to build business platforms to help its customers enable a digital transformation.
With our customers, we aim to sustain growth by creating recurring busi-
ness centered on IoT as a driver of business growth.
Business Expansion Based on the Recurring Business Model
    KDDI interacts with corporate customers facing an endless variety of issues. In our Business Services Segment, we focus on “operational contributions,” that is, discovering the true nature of a customer’s business issue and proposing a solution. This approach allows us to work closely with cus- tomers while sustaining growth in revenue and profit. In 2018, KDDI received first place in the J.D. Power 2018 Japan Business IP Phone & Direct Line Phone Service Satisfaction Study*1 for a sixth consecutive year, as well as first place in the J.D. Power 2018 Japan Business Mobile Phone and PHS Service Satisfaction Study (large and mid-sized corporation market segment)*2 for a third straight year.
KDDI provides a diverse range of business platforms and by linking them with the platforms of its partners aims to create new B2B and B2C businesses. By utilizing the Big Data that
customers accumulate through ubiquitous IoT, which connects everything together, KDDI’s relationship with its customers is changing, and its engagement is deepening. As a result, our business model will evolve from the current one based on flat- rate subscriptions for the same services to a recurring business model where we propose ideas and provide value to customers in a never-ending cycle of value creation. KDDI aims to expand new business models based on recurring revenue as a driver of growth. With recurring business driving growth, KDDI aims to increase operating revenue in the new Business Services Segment to ¥1 trillion, and increase the total number of IoT con- nections to 18 million, by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
*1 J.D. Power 2018 Japan Business IP Phone & Direct Line Phone Service Satisfaction Study
*2 J.D. Power 2018 Japan Business Mobile Phone and PHS Service Satisfaction Study
Enhancing initiatives in new growth fields, centered on IoT businesses
Creation of Recurring Business
Individual to C Individual
Operating revenue of
new business segment 1
Target ¥ trillion
¥886.4 billion
FY2019.3 FY2022.3
     Corporate Customer Customers Success
 Co-creating business
  KDDI Platforms
Partner companies Platforms
 IoT connections
FY2019.3 8 million FY2022.3 (Target) 18 million
    26
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Providing IoT business overseas, from communications connectivity to service development and data analysis
          
  with Partners
Supporting customer businesses with global partners
  IoT connect to everything
 KDDI IoT World Architecture
     Global Communications Platform
“Connected” cars
  Support throughout the world
Applications and development
KDDI has been cooperating with Toyota Motor Corporation since 2016 on an initiative to build a global communications platform that provides high-quality and reliable communica- tions services that link cloud computing services with the automotive equipment necessary for connected cars. After applying and developing this global communications plat- form, KDDI began offering trials of the KDDI IoT World Architecture platform in May 2019.
KDDI IoT World Architecture helps customers in various industries deploy IoT on a global basis. The platform identifies
What is SORACOM?
KDDI turned SORACOM, Inc., a leading company in the IoT domain, into a consolidated subsidiary in August 2017. The SORACOM communications platform fuses together communications and cloud computing services, providing reasonably priced and secure communications services that are ideal for IoT applications. Customers can control and manage all of their connections and devices from a web-based console or API on the SORACOM platform. Moreover, the platform facilitates the rapid deployment and operation of IoT systems through the utilization of various services, including links to cloud services, closed group connectivity, device management and remote monitoring. After launching domestic services in September 2015, SORACOM rolled out services in the United States and Europe. The service is now accessible in more than 130 countries and regions, with over 15,000 subscribers to the SORACOM platform worldwide.
The combination of KDDI’s IoT business platform and SORACOM’s platform has been a strong catalyst for building out domestic and global IoT platforms, and the IoT-related knowledge that KDDI has gained will be deployed alongside customer platforms to create new IoT businesses.
          TOYOTA Smart Center
    Global Communications Platform
           Connected service
Factory/Building facilities/Home electronics / Construction machinery, etc.
and offers a connection to the optimal network available, even when roaming, and provides data collection and analy- sis services in collaboration with Hitachi, Ltd. and Toshiba Corporation. In addition, it provides support for compliance with relevant laws and regulations as well as device authentication.
Moreover, through our work with subsidiary SORACOM, Inc., we are enabling the use of IoT applications in more than 120 countries and regions. With this strength,KDDI aims to further expand the global business.
Building mobile core networks in the cloud with Amazon Web Service (AWS) 15,000 businesses already use IoT services
• Realize cutting-edge IoT services with the latest cloud technologies. Linking to the KDDI IoT World Architecture helps expand IoT cover- age area for businesses to more than 130 countries and regions.
       Creating value in new business domains by acquiring new capabilities
KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 27

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information KDDI’s Sustainability
KDDI discloses in detail its initiatives to address six material sustainability issues in the Sustainability Report. The following is an explanation of issues related to governance, the environment measure, human rights, and human resources.
 Minoru Tanaka
General Administration Division Executive Officer of Sustainability
“Achieving a truly connected society” is the ultimate goal of the KDDI Group Mission Statement. KDDI engages in sus- tainability activities as a part of its management strategy in order to help solve social issues and encourage the sustained growth of society.
The foundation of KDDI’s sustainability activities is the KDDI Group Philosophy, which has informed our code of conduct and the shared thinking of managers and employees since our founding. These activities are also a part of ongoing efforts to strengthen corporate governance to ensure trans- parency and fairness. Furthermore, we strive to engage in dialogue with diverse stakeholders that support our business, such as customers, business partners, shareholders, local communities, and government agencies. While creating shared value with our stakeholders, we are committed to addressing the six Material Sustainability Issues.
Around the world, movements to address social issues have gained momentum, as demonstrated by the Paris Agreement, an international framework to address climate change, signed at COP21; the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD); and the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to solve international issues. We created KDDI’s Target SDGs to steadily advance sustainability activities for the next three years under the new medium-term management plan (FY2020.3-FY2022.3). We set targets that are tied to business strategies, encompassing telecommunications, global business, regional revitalization, education, and finance, as well as to corporate activities, including developing human resources, supporting women’s advancement in the workplace, respecting human rights, pro- moting diversity and inclusion, and conserving the environ- ment. As we strive to reach these targets, the entire company will continue working together over the medium to long term to provide solutions to social issues.
 KDDI’s 6 Material Sustainability Issues
    Safer and more resilient connected world
               S: Society
   Cyber security and privacy protection
  Fulfilled life brought through ICTs
  Rewarding workplaces for diverse talents
 Respect for human rights and fairness in business
    G: Governance
 An energy-efficient, circular economy
 E: Environment
  Please refer to Sustainability Report 2018 for more detailed information about KDDI’s sustainability not included in this report. https://www.kddi.com/english/corporate/csr/report/2018/
28 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
           
                                                                                                                                               Governance
 By proactively adhering to Corporate Governance Code and practicing the KDDI Group Philosophy, the founda- tion of its corporate activities, KDDI endeavors to strengthen corporate governance. We believe in the importance of strengthening corporate governance across the entire KDDI group, including subsidiaries, and we are building a structure for sharing know-how and proactively supporting KDDI group companies in this regard. KDDI directly holds meetings with institu- tional investors on the topics of governance and sus- tainability, in addition to events directed at individual investors, as a part of its proactive approach to communications with stakeholders.
   Human Rights
 As part of the ICT industry, we face many potential human rights issues, including rights to privacy and freedom of expression as well as requests from govern- ment authorities to disclose customer data for legiti- mate purposes. We will continue our efforts to identify and address human rights issues in our business activi- ties through ongoing dialogue with our stakeholders, while furthering understanding among employees of the KDDI Action Guidelines and the KDDI Group Human Rights Policy.
 Environmental Measures
 Movements to address environmental issues have accelerated, as demonstrated by the Paris Agreement and the establishment of the SDGs and TCFD. Around the world, initiatives are under way to realize a society with zero CO2 emissions. In Japan, where renewable energy still has room to expand, specific action plans are urgently needed for its promotion. Through our core ICT business and other information communications operations, we contribute to improvements in work effi- ciency and reductions in the movement of people, help- ing to reduce CO2 in society and reign in climate change. However, these benefits are countered by the rather large environmental impact caused by telecom- munications equipment. In 2017, ahead of other tele- communications carriers in Japan, KDDI formulated the KDDI GREEN PLAN 2017-2030 with goals for reducing its total volume*1 of CO2 emissions through the use of energy-saving telecommunications equipment and renewable energy. Putting these plans into action, we are concentrating on initiatives that are even more envi- ronmentally friendly than before.
      Human Resources
 As the productive population declines in Japan, it is imperative that companies provide attractive work envi- ronments that enable diverse work styles so that employees can use their various skills to the fullest, with the ultimate aim of sustaining their growth as businesses and contributing to society. KDDI will continue to pro- mote respect for diversity—in the context of women, nationality, LGBT*2 orientation, disability, and age/gener- ation—and work to accommodate various personalities and abilities in its organization. In April 2019, KDDI LEARNING CORPORATION was established as a wholly owned subsidiary to take charge of human resource development for employees of the KDDI Group. While supporting the growth of KDDI Group employees, pro- moting the exchange of human resources, and creating synergies in Group operations, KDDI LEARNING CORPORATION plans to offer educational services for its stakeholders that draw on KDDI’s accumulated experi- ence and knowledge in human resource development. Its aim is to contribute to broader society by helping people and companies grow. In April 2018, KDDI announced the KDDI Group Declaration of Health-Focused Management in a message from the President, and then created the Work Style Reform & Health Management Department in January 2019 as an organization focusing on health management. By promoting health management, we aim to establish a “health first” culture that fosters improvements in employee vitality and productivity.
*1 Targets a 7% reduction in CO2 emissions for KDDI on a non-consolidated basis (Japan) by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2031, compared with levels in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014.
*2 LGBT stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender. Gender minorities include other people with identities other than LGBT, but for the sake of convenience in this report, LGBT refers to all gender minorities.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 29

       Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information KDDI’s Target SDGs
Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020.3-FY2022.3)
KDDI’s Target SDGs
 Social Issues to Be Solved through Business
  Comparable SDGs
Sustainability Targets (FY2022.3)
 Telecommunications
Building a safe and resilient infor- mation and telecommunications- based society
  • 4G LTE population coverage over 99.9%
• Provide 5G commercial services in all prefectures
• Reinforce communication stations against flooding and
earthquakes, enhance resiliency of routes
 Global Business
Promoting economic develop- ment in countries with inade- quate infrastructure
  • Reach 70 million mobile connections*1 in emerging coun- tries where KDDI has a communications business presence
• Total of 6 ICT projects to eliminate digital divides
 Regional Revitalization
Building communities where everyone can prosper
  • Total of over 60 initiatives to co-create solutions for issues with regions using IoT / ICT
 Education
Training the next-generation of human resources
  • Enroll about 130,000 students in foreign-language edu- cation, create highly efficient educational environment using advanced technologies, such as adaptive learning*2
• ICT education support in emerging countries, introduce English and PC classrooms at 11 schools in Cambodia
Finance
Providing financial services any- one can easily use
• Settlements / financial service transactions totaling ¥6.0 trillion
      Partnership
Contribute to solutions for social issues in partnership with stakeholders
*1 Activated SIM cards (“Mobile connections, including licensed cellular IoT” in GSMA)
*2 Adaptive planning: The provision of study materials and learning methods optimized for each individual, based on each student’s level of understanding and progress.
 Topics 01
Telecommunications Business
 First experiment in Japan using 5G to remotely monitor autonomous driving cars
  In February 2019, KDDI conducted the first experiment in Japan using 5G to remotely monitor autonomous driving cars on public roads.
Numerous social issues have emerged as a result of increasing numbers of elderly drivers and others with limited transportation options after relinquishing their driver’s licenses. Looking to the future, autonomous driving car technology and ICT show promise as trans- portation solutions for people who face hardship in shopping, as well as for alleviating short- ages of bus and taxi drivers, while also stimulating tourism and the automobile industry.
  30 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
           
        Social Issues to Be Solved through Corporate Activities
  Comparable SDGs
Sustainability Targets (FY2022.3)
 Human Resource Development
Enhancing expertise and providing autonomous career development
  • Promote 200 women to line manager positions (target for FY2021.3)
• Update foundation for facilitating the employment of senior citizens as a leading company (target for FY2022.3)
• Reduce CO2 emissions by 7% compared with FY2014.3 level at KDDI (domestic non-consolidated basis)
(target for FY2031.3)
 Support for Women’s Advancement
Realizing workplaces where diversity is respected
   Respect for
Human Rights, Diversity & Inclusion
Realizing diverse work styles
  Environmental Conservation
Contributing to a sustainable global environment
        Partnership
Contribute to solutions for social issues in partnership with stakeholders
 Topics 02
Human Resource Development
 Establishment of KDDI LEARNING CORPORATION for corporate human resource development
 In April 2019, KDDI LEARNING CORPORATION was established as a wholly owned sub- sidiary to help train human resources for the KDDI Group. We are currently building training facilities that can accommodate overnight stays, while also facilitating various events, as well as the planning and implementation of employee training for Group companies. Plans call for opening the facility in April 2020.
We aim to support the growth of KDDI Group employees, facilitate the exchange of human resources, and create synergies among Group businesses. At the same time, we are planning to offer services to stakeholders that take advantage of the experiences and know-how gained in human resource development for KDDI Group employees. KDDI aims to contribute to society at large through support for the growth of people and companies.
   KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 31

Our Value Our Management Executive Members
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
(As of June 19, 2019)
Directors
         Takashi Tanaka
Chairman, Representative Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 62,500
Feb. 1957 Apr. 2003 Jun. 2007 Jun. 2010
Dec. 2010 Apr. 2018
Born
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Director Senior Managing Executive Officer, Representative Director
President, Representative Director Chairman, Representative Director (Current position)
May 1956 Jun. 1995 Jun. 2001 Apr. 2003 Jun. 2003 Jun. 2007 Jun. 2010 Apr. 2018
Born
Director
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Director Executive Vice President, Representative Director Vice Chairman, Representative Director (Current position)
Oct. 1961 Apr. 2003 Jun. 2007 Jun. 2010
Jun. 2016 Apr. 2018
Apr. 2019
Born
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Representative Director
Executive Vice President, Representative Director President, Representative Director
(Current position)
Executive Director, Corporate and Marketing Communications (Current position)
Hirofumi Morozumi
Vice Chairman, Representative Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 28,800
Makoto Takahashi
President, Representative Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 27,300
         Yoshiaki Uchida
Executive Vice President, Representative Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 16,700
Sept. 1956 Apr. 2013 Apr. 2014 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2016
Jun. 2016 Jun. 2018
Born
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Director Executive Director, Technology Sector (Current position)
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Director Executive Vice President, Representative Director (Current position)
Sept. 1958 Oct. 2010 Apr. 2014 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2018
Apr. 2019
Born
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Director (Current position)
Executive Director, Consumer Business, Global Consumer Business, and Product & Customer Service Sector (Current position)
Mar. 1960 Oct. 2010 Apr. 2016 Jun. 2016 Apr. 2018
Jun. 2018
Born
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Director Executive Director, Corporate Sector (Current position)
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Director (Current position)
Takashi Shoji
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 11,400
Shinichi Muramoto
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 9,100
        Keiichi Mori
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 11,100
Feb. 1960 Oct. 2014 Apr. 2017 Jun. 2017 Apr. 2019
Jun. 2019
Born
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Director Executive Director, Solution Business Sector (Current position)
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Director (Current position)
Nov. 1961 Apr. 2015 Apr. 2017
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Born
Executive Officer
General Manager, Life Design Business Sector (Current position)
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Director (Current position)
Jun. 1960 Apr. 2012 Apr. 2019
Jun. 2019
Born
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Deputy Executive Director, Consumer Business Sector and General Manager, Consumer Business Strategy Division (Current position)
Managing Executive Officer, Director (Current position)
32 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Kei Morita
Managing Executive Officer, Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 11,800
Toshitake Amamiya
Managing Executive Officer, Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 36,800
          
   Goro Yamaguchi 
Outside Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 4,500
Jan. 1956 Jun. 2009
Apr. 2013 Apr. 2017 Jun. 2017
May 1947 Jun. 2005
Jun. 2006 Jun. 2008
Apr. 2014 Jun. 2014
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Born
Director and Managing Executive Officer of Kyocera Corporation
President and Representative Director, President and Executive Officer of Kyocera Corporation
Chairman of the Board and Representative Director of Kyocera Corporation
(Current position)
Outside Director of KDDI (Current position)
Born
Executive Officer, Member of the Board of Teijin Limited
Senior Executive Officer, Member of the Board of Teijin Limited
President and CEO, Representative Director of the Board of Teijin Limited
Chairman, Member of the Board of Teijin Limited Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of JFE Holdings, Inc. (Current position) Senior Advisor, Member of the Board of
TEIJIN LIMITED
Senior Advisor of TEIJIN LIMITED
(Current position)
Outside Director of KDDI (Current position) Member of the Board of Directors (Outside), Member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee of MUFG Bank, Ltd.
(Current position)
Mar. 1961 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2017
Jun. 2019 Jul. 2019
May 1966 Apr. 1993 Jan. 2005 Aug. 2014
June 2015 Feb. 2017
Jun. 2019
Born
Executive General Manager of TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION
Managing Officer of TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION
Outside Director of KDDI (Current position) Operating Officer, President, Connected Company of TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION (Current position)
Born
Registered as attorney at law
Partner, Tanabe & Partners (Current position) Member of Commission on Policy for Persons with Disabilities of Cabinet Office (Current position)
Outside Director of The Yamanashi Chuo Bank, Ltd. (Current position)
Member of Examination Committee for Relief Assistance of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (Current position) Outside Director of KDDI (Current position)
Dec. 1945 Apr. 1995
Apr. 2000 Apr. 2004
Apr. 2008 Apr. 2012
Jun. 2016
Born
Professor, Graduate School of Information Sciences, Tohoku University
Head of Information Synergy Center, Tohoku University
Councillor of Educational Research Board, Tohoku University
Director, Tohoku University
Director General of Resilient ICT Research Center, the National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT) Outside Director of KDDI (Current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Keiji Yamamoto 
Outside Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 0
Yoshiaki Nemoto 
Outside Director, Independent Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 1,500
  Shigeo Ohyagi 
Outside Director, Independent Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 700
Riyo Kano 
Outside Director, Independent Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 0
    Koichi Ishizu
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Number of the Company’s shares held: 12,900
Composition of Directors and Advisory Committees
Akira Yamashita 
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Number of the Company’s shares held: 600
Yasuhide Yamamoto
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Number of the Company’s shares held: 14,000
  Kakuji Takano 
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Number of the Company’s shares held: 2,100
Nobuaki Katoh 
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Number of the Company’s shares held: 0
 Outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members  Independent directors and Audit & Supervisory Board
members
          Takashi Tanaka
Name
Newly appointed
Representative rights
Independent
Outside
Execution of business
Nomination Advisory Committee
Remuneration Advisory Committee
Other
    Hirofumi Morozumi
    Makoto Takahashi
    Yoshiaki Uchida
     Takashi Shoji
     Shinichi Muramoto
    Keiichi Mori
     Kei Morita
     Toshitake Amamiya
    Goro Yamaguchi
    Keiji Yamamoto
     Yoshiaki Nemoto
     Shigeo Ohyagi
     Riyo Kano
    
  
   
 
    

Chairman of Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             * During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the Nomination Advisory Committee met on three occasions and the Remuneration Advisory Committee met on two occasions.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 33

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Corporate Governance
Basic Views on Corporate Governance, Composition of Board of Directors, Corporate Governance Framework
Basic Views on Corporate Governance
As a telecommunications operator that provides social infra- structure, the Company has the important social mission of providing stable communications services on an ongoing basis, 24 hours a day and 365 days a year, regardless of conditions. Furthermore, as a telecommunications operator, our business derives from utilizing radio waves—an important asset shared by all citizens. Accordingly, we recognize that we have the social responsibility to address the issues society faces and seek to resolve them through telecommunications.
Attaining sustainable growth and increased corporate value over the medium to long term is essential to achieving this social mission and social responsibility. Furthermore, we strive to engage in dialogue with all our stakeholders, including cus- tomers, shareholders, business partners, employees, and local communities, and work in cooperation to proactively address societal issues. In this manner, we aim to contribute to the development of a safe, secure, and truly connected society.
Composition of Board of Directors
We recognize reinforcing corporate governance as important to achieving sustainable growth and increased corporate value over the medium to long term. Accordingly, we are in accor- dance with the tenets of the “Corporate Governance Code” defined by the financial instruments exchanges. While maintain- ing transparency and fairness, we endeavor to enhance our structures for ensuring timely and decisive decision-making.
In addition to our corporate credo and mission statement, we have formulated the “KDDI Group Philosophy,” which defines perspectives, values, and a code of conduct that officers and employees should share. We conduct activities to promote awareness of this philosophy throughout the Company.
By proactively adhering to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code and practicing the KDDI Group Philosophy, which we consider inseparable from the standpoint of corporate man- agement, we will endeavor to enhance corporate governance throughout the KDDI Group, including its subsidiaries, to achieve sustainable growth and increased corporate value over the medium to long term.
        Internal directors
Outside directors
Audit & Supervisory Board members
Execution of Business: 9 persons
Independent directors: 6 persons
Chair
  Non-execution of Business: 10 persons
Changes in the Corporate Governance Framework
(Year)
 President
Outside directors
2000—
2
2005—
4
3
2010—
3
2015—
4 1
5
2019—
      Yusai Okuyama
From June 2001 Tadashi Onodera
From December 2010 Takashi Tanaka
From April 2018 Makoto Takahashi
  Directors
Number of directors
53 *2
13
12
11 3
10
13
12 2
13
14
   Assurance of diversity*1
Number of female directors
  Audit & Supervisory Board members
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board members
  Ensure independence
 Transparency in executive remuneration
Number of independent directors*3
Advisory Committee
5
4
5
 2
3
4
6
    The KDDI Group Philosophy
              15
        Introduction of a stock option system in 2002
Enactment in October 2000
*1 Number of people at the conclusion of each Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
*2 Number of people at the conclusion of an Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders convened in October 2000
*3 Independent officers pursuant to Rule 436-2 of the Securities Listing Regulations of Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc.
Nomination Advisory Committee established in 2015
Remuneration Advisory Committee established in 2011
Introduction of a performance-based bonus system for executives in 2011
    ed, co
  34 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Introduction of stock compensa- tion plan for directors in 2015
Revis ntinued promotion es from 2013
Revision of stock compensation plan for directors in 2018
activiti
          
Corporate Governance Framework
(As of June 19, 2019)
Election / Dismissal
  Election / Dismissal
Deliberate / Report on important matters
Deliberate / Report on important matters
3 Corporate Management Committee Full-Time Directors
Election/ Dismissal/ Supervision
General Meeting of Shareholders
Audit
Audit
4 Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit & Supervisory
Board Members (5) (Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (3))
Election / Dismissal Report
Judgment on appropriateness of accounting audit
   1 Board of Directors
Directors (14) (Outside Directors (5))
 Report
Accounting Auditor
   Report
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ Office
  2 Advisory Committees
Representative Director
  Nomination Advisory Committee
 Remuneration Advisory Committee
     Report
Corporate Risk Management Division
5 Internal Audit
 Internal Control Division
 Financial information
Audit
 Internal Audit Division
 Instruct / Supervision
Report
Propose / Deliberate
6 Internal Committees
  Executive Officers (21)* (Business execution)
Disclosure Committee
Instruct actions
 Information Security Committee
 Sustainability Committee
 Business Ethics Committee
Instruct actions
Report
 Business Divisions / Group Companies
            Consult
Advice
Election / Dismissal
* Excludes the 6 directors who double as executive officers
Report
 Instruct actions
         1 Board of Directors
At KDDI, Board of Directors resolutions determine:
• Matters prescribed by the Companies Act or other laws
4 Audit & Supervisory Board /
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
and regulations,
• Matters prescribed by the Articles of Incorporation,
• Matters delegated for resolution at the general shareholder
meeting, and
• Other important management-related matters.
For other important management-related matters, their importance is determined according to such factors as the scale of money, business, assets, and investment involved.
These decision standards for importance are not perma- nent. Rather, they are reviewed appropriately in accordance with changes in the legal system and the environment in which the Company operates, with the aim of ensuring man- agement speed and effectiveness.
2 Advisory Committees
KDDI has formed a Nomination Advisory Committee and a Remuneration Advisory Committee to discuss with and pro- vide advice to the Board of Directors to maintain both trans- parency and fairness in the system of nomination of executive candidates and Audit & Supervisory Board member candi- dates and the level of remuneration for executives.
The Chairman, Vice Chairman and half or more of the members of these committees are outside directors.
3 Corporate Management Committee
Comprised of internal directors, executive officers and others, the Corporate Management Committee deliberates and decides on important matters related to business execution at the Company and its subsidiaries.
Audit & Supervisory Board members conduct their audit work based on audit policies and plans established by the Audit & Supervisory Board and carry out their work by attending meetings of the Board of Directors, the Corporate Management Committee, and other major internal meetings. The Audit & Supervisory Board receives reports on the audit methods of Audit & Supervisory Board members and their results, discusses them, and offers its opinions, as appropri- ate, at meetings of the Board of Directors.
5 Internal Audit
KDDI conducts periodic internal audits targeting all the oper- ations of the Group, and regularly reviews the appropriate- ness and effectiveness of internal controls.
The results of these internal audits are reported to the president and the Audit & Supervisory Board members, along with recommendations for improvement and correction of any problems.
6 Internal Committees
KDDI has put in place the KDDI Group Business Ethics Committee (P. 41) to deliberate and make decisions on com- pliance-related items for the Group. We have also established a Disclosure Committee (P. 43) to gather financial results information to be disclosed at fiscal period-ends, as well as an Information Security Committee to ensure overall informa- tion security regarding information assets, and a Sustainability Committee, set up to deliberate on sustainability related mat- ters such as CSR and the environment.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 35

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Corporate Governance
Effectiveness evaluation, appointment of outside officers and support
Analysis and Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Objective of Board of Director Evaluations
To ensure a correct understanding of the current status of its Board of Directors and to work toward continuous improve- ment, KDDI has its Board of Directors conduct regular annual self-evaluations.
Overview of the Evaluation Process
KDDI verifies the effectiveness of its Board of Directors based on an evaluation by the directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board members. The evaluation is conducted in questionnaire form, combining a four-grade rating scale with free space for comments. This supports our efforts to vali- date the effectiveness of our initiatives and uncover any areas for improvement from both a quantitative and qualitative perspective.
The evaluation targets the most recent one-year period and is conducted regularly on an annual basis. The results are reported to the Board of Directors, which then considers future countermeasures.
Key items for evaluation are as listed below.
• Operation of the Board of Directors (including composi-
tion, documentation and explanations, provision of
information, etc.)
•Management supervision (including conflicts of interest,
risk management, and management of subsidiaries, etc.) • Medium to long-term discussions (consideration for
medium-term management planning, monitoring of plan execution, etc.)
Overview of Evaluation Results
Summary
The Company’s Board of Directors was found to be man- aged appropriately and functioning effectively.
The following two points were found to be rated particu- larly highly.
• Meaningful questions and opinions are actively expressed by outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board with diverse backgrounds, including a manage- ment executive, attorney at law, certified public accoun- tant and expert in information engineering, thereby achieving due consideration of each agenda item.
•In order to fulfill their role as outside directors, the out- side directors, Audit & Supervisory Board members, and accounting auditors cooperate and share information on company issues, etc. as well as providing information from the company.
Improvements over the Previous Evaluation
Themed discussion of the next medium-term management plan was held four times in 2018. On each occasion, opin- ions were vigorously exchanged from various angles, so that awareness of issues and in-depth discussion of key strate- gies were further enhanced. Thus, the Company’s Board confirmed that an issue raised in the previous evaluation, “further expansion of discussion of medium- and long-term business strategies,” had been accomplished.
Future Issues to be Addressed
We will work toward continued improvement of the following two key issues, aimed at sustainable growth of corporate value.
• While pursuing expansion into different industries and fields centered on the telecommunications business, we will discuss the Company’s social mission and business strategies and what kind of company we want to be from various perspectives.
•In order to grow the business of Group companies and reinforce corporate governance, we will monitor the management status and operating structure of subsidiar- ies in Board of Directors meetings in a timely manner.
Decision Standards for Independence of Outside Executives
In addition to the independence standards provided by financial instruments exchanges, the Company has formu- lated its own standards. Specifically, these standards state that people hailing from business partners making up 1% or more of the Company’s consolidated net sales or orders placed are not independent. Other matters are given individ- ual consideration depending on circumstances.
Support for Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
In addition to notifying outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members in advance of the schedule and agenda for meetings of the Board of Directors, proposal materials are also distributed prior to the meetings to encourage understanding of the agenda items and invigo- rate discussion at the meetings.
Questions are also accepted in advance and are used to enhance explanations on the day of the meeting, in an effort to provide for deepening more substantial deliberations.
Outside of the Board of Directors, in addition to business strategy and management status, we provide information on research and development, and technology are offered.
Regarding business outlines, the heads and general man- agers of each business headquarters explain the overall pic- ture and issues in detail, and the management status of subsidiaries is regularly reported. We also have opportunities to inspect sites such as social exhibitions of research and development results, telecommunication facilities, and moni- toring and maintenance centers. In addition, we report twice a year on corporate ethics and risk management activities.
In addition, in order for outside directors to maintain their independence and strengthen their ability to collect informa- tion, collaboration with auditors has been strengthened, and regular liaison meetings between outside directors and audi- tors have been held. Auditors also explain audit results to outside directors.
In addition, in order to strengthen information exchange and information sharing among outside directors, we hold liaison meetings for only outside directors and liaison meet- ings for outside directors and part-time auditors.
Through these efforts, we are deepening our understand- ing of KDDI’s business, thereby invigorating discussions on management strategies at the Board of Directors and improving the effectiveness of management supervision and monitoring.
On April 1, 2006, KDDI established the Auditing Office to support Audit & Supervisory Board members, including out- side members.
   36 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Reasons for Appointment as Outside Officers and Principal Activities (FY2019.3)
 Name
 Reason for appointment as an outside director of the Company
Principal activities
 Goro Yamaguchi
Mr. Yamaguchi has a wealth of corporate management experience and excellent knowledge cultivated as the presi- dent and representative director of one of the world’s leading electronic components and equipment manufactur- ers. In the Board of Directors meetings, the Company has received a large number of broad opinions related to business administration and operations from him based on a medium- to long-term perspective and has deter- mined that he can continue to contribute to improving the corporate value of the Company. Accordingly, he has again been appointed as an outside director.
Attended 12 of
the 12 meetings of the Board of Directors
      Keiji Yamamoto
       Mr. Yamamoto has excellent knowledge cultivated in IT development and electronics engineering divisions and abundant management experience as a management at the one of the world’s leading automobile manufacturers. The Company has determined that he can contribute to improving the corporate value of the Company by giving broad opinions on promoting 5G/IoT strategy, etc. from a medium- to long-term perspective, and for these reasons he has been selected as an outside director.
       —
      Yoshiaki Nemoto
Mr. Nemoto has a superior knowledge in information processing, telecommunications and network engineering, which is directly relevant to the business of the Company, as well as a deep understanding of disaster prevention that is valuable for the operation of our business. In the Board of Directors meetings, he has offered many expert opinions from an independent position from the management team regarding operational policy as an information communications operator providing social infrastructure, taking a medium- to long-term perspective. We wish to continue benefitting from his contributions to the enhancement of the Company’s corporate value. Accordingly, he has again been appointed an outside director. Moreover, with this background, we judge there to be no risk of
a conflict of interest with general shareholders and accordingly he has been appointed as an independent director.
Attended 12 of
the 12 meetings of the Board of Directors
      Shigeo Ohyagi
 Mr. Ohyagi has a wealth of corporate management experience and excellent knowledge cultivated as the president and CEO of one of the world’s leading companies in the fields of synthetic fibers, chemical products, medicines and medical treatment, and distribution and retail. The Company determined that he can contribute to improving the cor- porate value of the Company by giving broad opinions from a medium- to long-term perspective, especially focusing on the field of life design business that the Company will promote in the future, global strategy and M&A. Accordingly, he has been appointed an outside director. Moreover, with this background, we judge there to be no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders and accordingly he has been appointed as an independent director.
     Attended 9 of
the 10 meetings
the Board of Directors*
      Riyo Kano
   Ms. Kano has abundant experience and superior knowledge, cultivated as a partner at a law firm and a committee member of government committees. The Company has determined that she can contribute to improving the cor- porate value of the Company by giving technical opinions related to legal risk management from her experience based on a medium- to long-term perspective independent of the management team, and for these reasons she has been selected as an outside director. Moreover, with this background we judge there to be no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders and accordingly she has been nominated as independent director.
      —
  Name
Reason for appointment as an outside Audit & Supervisory Board member of the Company
Principal activities
Akira Yamashita
    Mr. Yamashita has cultivated abundant experience and knowledge gained from many years of practical experience in the public sphere and involvement in the execution of business at various organizations. From the perspective of leveraging this knowledge and experience to monitor general management and to engage in appropriate audit activities, he has been appointed as an Audit & Supervisory Board member. Furthermore, with his background, we judge there to be no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders and accordingly he has been appointed as an independent auditor.
 Attended 12 of the 12 meetings of the Board of Directors
Attended 12 of the 12 meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board
     Kakuji Takano
Mr. Takano has abundant experience as a Certified Public Accountant, as the representative of an accountancy firm and as an auditor for other companies, in addition to which he has cultivated extensive experience and knowl- edge in the execution of business at various organizations. From the perspective of leveraging this primarily accounting-related knowledge and experience to monitor general management and to engage in appropriate audit activities, he has been appointed as an Audit & Supervisory Board member. Furthermore, with his background, we judge there to be no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders and accordingly he has been appointed as an independent auditor.
Attended 12 of the 12 meetings of the Board of Directors
Attended 12 of the 12 meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board
     Nobuaki Katoh
   Mr. Katoh has abundant experience as a director of listed companies and has cultivated extensive experience and knowledge as an auditor and through execution of business at various organizations. From the perspective of leveraging this knowledge and experience to monitor general management and to engage in appropriate audit activities, he has been appointed as an Audit & Supervisory Board member. Furthermore, with his background, we judge there to be no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders and accordingly he has been appointed as an independent auditor.
      Attended 10 of the 12 meetings of the Board of Directors
Attended 10 of the 12 meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board
 * Attendance and number of meetings following new appointment as director at the 34th Annual Shareholders Meeting held on June 20, 2018
Policy on Strategic Shareholdings
KDDI believes that participating in tie-ups with a variety of companies is essential to providing our customers with increasingly diverse and advanced services.
KDDI possesses strategic shareholdings if such possession will contribute to the sustainable growth of KDDI’s business and the mid- long-term increase of corporate value.
Every year, the Board of Directors reviews all the pros and cons of continuing the possession of each individual strategic
holding by judging the significance and economic rationale. Which have tenuous significance, we will sell a strategic share- holding as promptly as possible.
The Company calculates the ratio of the contribution by the issuing company to the Company’s profits within the most recent fiscal year. The economic rationale is verified by com- paring the ratio with valuation of each strategic shareholding at the end of the most recent fiscal year, whether the ratio sat- isfies the capital cost standard established by the Company.
 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 37

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Messages from Outside Directors
    Yoshiaki Nemoto
Outside Director and Independent Director
38 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Shigeo Ohyagi
Outside Director and Independent Director
Riyo Kano
Outside Director and Independent Director
          
   Yoshiaki Nemoto Outside Director and Independent Director
The information and communication technologies movement that KDDI is a part of has contributed enor- mously to the world as an essential element of social infrastructure with cutting-edge technologies. The 5th Generation Mobile Communications System (5G) being constructed now is the product of innovative technolo- gies, and its use has the potential to substantially change the lifestyles of people everywhere. Against this backdrop, I believe KDDI and other MNOs have the responsibility not only to provide services at affordable rates, but also to support their customers’ lifestyles by maintaining the reliability of the communication net- works and systems as a part of the fabric of society, and by providing the information they need, whenever and wherever they need it.
Since becoming an Outside Director at KDDI in 2016, I have expressed my opinions and made sug- gestions at meetings of the Board of Directors, espe- cially regarding the state of R&D and telecommunications services, based on my extensive knowledge and experience in the communications net- work engineering and information processing fields.
KDDI has unveiled a new medium-term manage- ment plan with measures to advance the transforma- tion of its services with an eye on changing communications technologies.
As KDDI makes inroads into new fields, as an Outside Director, I will continue to contribute to improv- ing the Company’s corporate value.
 Shigeo Ohyagi Outside Director and Independent Director
KDDI is expected to accomplish great things as a leader in the information industry and society for the future. The “integration of telecommunications and life design” is one of its initiatives in this regard. I have real- world experience in business areas other than tele- communications so I am extremely interested in improving customer convenience and satisfaction
by providing physical products and services through virtual spaces free from constraints of time and place.
When the Company was formulating the new medium- term management plan, the details of the plan were examined carefully from a long-term perspective and broad scope. As an Outside Director, I offered my
Riyo Kano Outside Director and Independent Director
In 1993, when I registered as an attorney, mobile phones had just started to take off in Japan. Back then, I was in charge of a project related to the mobile phone business, and I remember the pride I felt being at the pinnacle of a new business venture.
The situation has changed in various ways since then. Smartphones and mobile communications have become an essential lifeline in people’s lives. Having been appointed an Outside Director of KDDI, I feel a great weight of responsibility as the Company engages in the telecommunications business, such an essential
opinions and ideas about the Company’s initiatives in growth fields, such as life design and global business, as well as its efforts to solve social issues.
Looking ahead, the expectations for leading compa- nies and the missions they are being demanded to undertake will only grow larger. I believe KDDI’s mission is to work toward genuinely helping solve social issues in Japan, including an increasingly elderly population, regional disparities, and environmental issues.
As an Outside Director, with this mission in mind,
I will engage in lively debate, while relying on my own experiences and insights, at meetings of the Board of Directors.
lifeline, with a diverse range of other businesses cen- tered around this core.
Amid rapid and significant changes in the environ- ment and society, I will make every effort to fulfill my duties as an Outside Director so that KDDI will be able to pursue its mission. Without forgetting where I came from, I will leverage my knowledge and experience as an attorney and, as a representative in various public capacities, to advise the Board of Directors from the perspective of a long-term au customer.
 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 39

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Corporate Governance
Executive Remuneration
Executive Remuneration
To ensure the transparency and fairness in executive compensation systems and levels, the Company has established a Remuneration Advisory Committee to conduct deliberations and provide advice to the Board of Directors in accordance with the consultation thereof. Compensation (base salary, bonus, stock compensation) for each director is decided at the Board of Directors meeting based on the advice of the Compensation Advisory Committee.
 Remuneration for Executive Members (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019)
 Executive classification
 Total remuneration (millions of yen)
 Total remuneration by type (millions of yen)
Number of recipients (people)
  Basic remuneration
  Bonus
  Stock compensation
 Directors (excluding outside directors)
Outside directors
Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
710 390 136
75 75 —
50 50 —
184 10 — 7
3 — 3
                                  52
           52
      —
          —
                Notes: 1 Above payment to directors includes three directors (of which two were an outside director) who retired at the conclusion of the 34th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 20, 2018. The number of Directors received bonuses is nine, excluding said retired Directors.
2 Above payment to Audit and Supervisory Board members includes one auditor (who was not an outside director) who retired at the conclusion of the 34th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 20, 2018.
3 In addition to the above, a resolution of the 20th General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 24, 2004, was passed that determined directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members receive a retirement allowance in connection with the cancellation of the executive retirement bonus system.
Types and Methods for Determining Remuneration and others
      Type of Remuneration
Composition Ratio
Method of Determination
Maximum Amount of Remuneration
General Meeting of Shareholders Approval Date
           Directors
Basic remuneration
Flat-rate remuneration 55%
• Based on such factors as direc- tors’ professional ranking and the management environment.
• Reference values are considered and set at appropriate levels using information from outside experts
Maximum monthly remuneration of ¥50 million.
                    Bonus
Performance- linked stock compensation* 45%
Bonuses are linked to and deter- mined by the rate of achievement of the Group’s consolidated reve- nue, operating income and profit for each fiscal year, as well as the achievement of certain KPIs (net additions of Mobile IDs, au churn rate, value added ARPA, etc.)
Within 0.1% of consolidated net income (profit attributable to owners of the parent under IFRS) during the applicable fiscal year
              Stock compensation (trust type)
Applies to directors, executive officers and administrative officers: Total num- ber of points (maximum) granted per fis- cal year to those eligible: 357,000 points (Converted at a rate of 1 point = 1 share)
                        Audit & Supervisory Board members
Flat-rate remuneration only
Paid only basic remuneration that is not affected by fluctuations in the Company’s operating performance.
Maximum annual remuneration of ¥130 million (for each business year)
      June 18, 2014
30th General Meeting of Shareholders
June 16, 2011
27th General Meeting of Shareholders
Introduced: June 17, 2015 31st General Meeting of Shareholders
Revised: June 20, 2018 34th General Meeting of Shareholders
June 22, 2016
32nd General Meeting of Shareholders
          * Performance-linked stock compensation
The Company has been introducing performance-linked stock compensation since 2015 in order to clarify the link between management’s compensation, performance and stock value, and to increase the willingness to contribute to medium- to long-term performance improvement and corporate value improvement.
The system we introduced was partially revised in 2018, and the ratio of performance-based compensation to total compensation was 45%**.
** A numerical value calculated based on the assumption that the achievement rate is 100%, based on the ratio of bonuses and stock compen- sation that fluctuate depending on the performance.
Results of Remuneration Advisory Committee Meeting (FY2019.3)
• The Remuneration Advisory Committee met twice, and all members attended.
• They discussed the level of performance-linked compensation and the revision of the executive remuneration system (partial
revision and continuance of the stock compensation system).
 Formula for performance-linked stock compensation
Bonus= Basic amount by position multiplied by the Company operating performance and KPI evaluation
Stock compensation= Basic points by position multiplied by the Company operating performance and KPI evaluation
40 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Compliance
Compliance Policy
We recognize that in order to fulfill our social responsibilities through our business activities, raising compliance awareness throughout the group is a fundamental issue of corporate management.
As a global corporate group, we continue to further enforce our group-wide compliance framework.
KDDI Group Compliance and Enforcement Framework
We created the KDDI Code of Business Conduct to encour- age ethical behaviors of employees with a compliance mind- set. It’s published on the intranet to ensure that it is shared and practiced, enabling employees to check it whenever they are unsure what action to take.
Also, we established the KDDI Group Business Ethics Committee as a decision making body for KDDI Group’s compliance related matters. The KDDI Group Business Ethics Committee is chaired by the Vice Chairman, Representative Director, and members include directors and additional nomi- nees appointed by the chair as required. They hold a meeting once every half-year, and in addition to assessing the condi- tions of Group companies, the committee builds and sup- ports enhancement of compliance frameworks. The committee is also responsible for helpline issues, corruption prevention and compliance issues such as breaches of com- petition laws.
In addition, the committee formulates policies on raising awareness as well as discusses countermeasures in case com- pliance violations occur, and is responsible for disclosure of such information and prevention of recurrence, too. The report on their activities is made available to all employees via the intranet.
KDDI Group Compliance and Enforcement Framework
Business Ethics Helpline (Grievance Mechanism)
We established the Business Ethics Helpline in 2006 to serve as a contact point for all employees of KDDI, KDDI Group companies and business partners who have questions or concerns about business ethics and legal compliance. The helpline is available anytime and can receive reports through an internal or external contact point established in collabora- tion with external experts (Reports can be received by e-mail, phone call or letter, in multiple languages).
Furthermore, we have established company regulations to enable anonymous whistleblowing based on the Whistleblower Protection Act enacted in Japan in April 2006.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, we received 330 reports and inquiries, but there were no reports of serious issues that lead to disciplinary action or require external announcement.
The KDDI Group Business Ethics Committee conducts investigation of the issues reported as required while protecting privacy, and when the problems are detected, the committee members as well as the management team and the Audit & Supervisory Board members receive the report and take cor- rective actions along with measures to prevent recurrence.
   Business Ethics Helpline
 Whistleblowers
(Employees of the KDDI Group or partner companies)
  Report back / response
Report / consultation
Notification of receiving a report*
  Internal contact point
 KDDI Group Business Ethics Committee
External contact point
Legal offices
Contact point for overseas subsidiaries
  Report / consultation
Report back / response
   Report back / response
Investigation / analysis / improvement / recurrence prevention
   Consult
Company President
 Corporate Management Committee
 KDDI Group Business Ethics Committee
 • Formulate policies for educational activities
• Discuss countermeasures in case compliance violations occur
• Disclose information out- side of the company
• Deliberate on measures to prevent recurrence
 KDDI Group Business Ethics Committee Members Committee Chair:
Vice Chairman, Representative Director (Other members are appointed by the chair) Secretariat: General Administration Department, General Administration & Human Resources Division
  All Employees of KDDI Group
   Report
    Report
Feedback / Instruction, etc.
Report
Contact (Anonymous)
Business Ethics Helpline
* Reports that the external contact point received are delivered to the internal contact point, keeping anonymity for the whistleblowers
Preventing Anti-Competitive Behaviors
The KDDI Code of Business Conduct defines rules that pro- hibit anti-competitive behaviors, and we make efforts to ensure that all employees comply with competition laws.
In addition to competition laws, we stipulate that local laws and regulations in each country and region on labor, tax, the environment, monopoly and consumer protection must be examined thoroughly to ensure full compliance.
Under the KDDI Guidelines for CSR in Supply Chain, we demand our business partners not engage in any activities that inhibit fairness, transparency or freedom of competition.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, there were no legal actions against us concerning anticompetitive or monopolistic conduct.
We fully adhere to these related regulations and continue appropriate business operations.
Report
Feedback
Relevant department’s managers and others
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 41

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Risk Management and Internal Controls
Risk Management and Internal Controls
In the ever changing business environment, the risks that companies face are more diverse and complicated.
We define factors and events that negatively influence the achievement of our business goals as risks and consider enforcing risk management a material business challenge. In order to be sustainable and responsible to society, we pro- mote risk management initiatives throughout the KDDI Group.
Risk Management Activity Cycle
In order to prevent critical events for the company, we at KDDI consider that it is important to recognize signs of dan- ger and implement preventive measures before the situation worsens. Based on this idea, we follow the PDCA cycle for risk management. We also have an organizational framework for risk management in place to ensure any risks we find will be addressed promptly and appropriately.
  KDDI Group Internal Control Framework
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
• Audit in accordance with laws and the arti- cles of incorporation relating to directors’ business execution
Accounting Auditors
•Audit evaluations by managers
• Decide basic policies for building internal control framework
• Evaluate internal control and announces the results
Present significant risks
Report the situations
 Management level
   Risk management by sectors and subsidiaries
Improve and adapt
Collect and analyze information and assess risks
P
AD C
Execute intradivisional monitoring and internal audits
Examine and implement countermeasures
  Board of Directors
   Corporate Management Committee (President)
  Corporate Risk Management Division
Internal Control Department • Formulate implementation plans
• Manage overall progress • Support operations of
implementing divisions
   KDDI Group
 Internal Control System Directors (7)
Internal Control System Managers (KDDI: 31, group companies: 42)
As of June 1, 2019
   Parent Company Business Divisions
Offices
Parent Company Corporate and Support Divisions
Offices
Subsidiaries
Offices
      Individual Organizational Units
Individual Organizational Units
Individual Organizational Units
Our Risk Management and Internal Control
We have established a system to centralize the management of risks, which we define as factors that have the potential to block the achievement of our business goals, with the Corporate Risk Management Division at the core.
Furthermore, we are working to promote risk management throughout the KDDI Group, including subsidiaries, in order to realize continuous growth of the entire group.
We have appointed 31 Internal Control System Managers within KDDI and 42 at group companies, as well as 7 Internal Control System Directors to oversee their activities. Under their leadership, we introduce and run internal control sys- tems, carrying out risk management activities and run opera- tional quality improvement activities to foster a company culture in which risks are less likely to arise.
We regularly examine information about risks to identify signif- icant risks that seriously influence corporate business, and discuss measures to reduce such risks and their impacts as much as possible in case we face them. In order to ensure the achievement of our business goals, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, we selected 25 significant risks based on issues that manifested in the past and changes in the business environment, and held internal audits based around risk prediction, reduction of significant risks, as well as risk approach. The selected significant risks include cyber- attacks, which is becoming increasingly complex, global businesses and issues relating to new business fields we
are entering such as e-commerce, finance and accounting and energy, which aim to make the Integration of Telecommunications and Life Design a reality. We have also identified risks arising from the expansion of the group through M&A as significant risks and have implemented more robust measures against them.
In order to minimize information security risks, we have also established a common standard applicable group-wide to improve the level of information security across the group including newly joined group companies.
The status of these significant risks is also reflected on business risks that are revealed in the Securities Report since it relates to the finance as well.
Risk Identifying Process
  42 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Disclosure and IR
Fundamental Thinking
The Company is fully committed to undertaking fair and timely disclosure in an easily understandable manner of any information that could have a material bearing on the invest- ment decisions of investors. Such disclosure is conducted on an ongoing basis, and is focused on the requirements of shareholders and investors. The Company’s policy in this regard is in line with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and the Securities Listing Regulations of Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. governing the timely disclosure of information concerning the issuers of publicly listed securities. KDDI dis- closes its IR Basic Policy* on its website, explaining such matters as fundamental thinking regarding IR activities and the system for disclosing pertinent information. In particular, KDDI has set up a Disclosure Committee that concentrates on determining what information should be disclosed with the goal of improving business transparency and supplying appropriate information to the public.
* Matters to be decided by the Board of Directors.
IR Basic Policy
KDDI places top management priority on building a trusting relationship with its shareholders and investors, ensuring value-oriented corporate management, active information disclosure, and enhanced communication.
Value-Oriented Corporate Management
Maximizing corporate value
Trust-based relationships with shareholders and investors
IR Activities in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2019
Enhancing Communication
Earnings presentation meetings were held quarterly to allow management to directly communicate the Company’s results. KDDI also held individual and small group meetings with investors from Japan and overseas, and participated in various conferences and seminars for individual investors sponsored by securities companies for better communication.
KDDI takes the opinions expressed by shareholders and investors seriously, communicating them not only to man- agement but also to employees in general. Such opinions are considered an extremely valuable reference in the forma- tion of business and management strategies.
Results of IR Activities in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2019
Approx. 800 times 4 times 12 times Approx. 1,200 people
Key External Recognition
• FTSE4Good Index Series
• MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes
• Euronext Vigeo Eiris World Index 120
• Ethibel® Sustainability Index Excellence Global etc.
• DBJ Environmentally Rated Loan Program
• MS-SRI
• Gold Award in the PRIDE Index
• Second overall in the 13th CSR Company Ranking etc.
Active Information Disclosure
KDDI provides webcasts of its results presentations on its website, and also posts an English-language version of its results presentations. Earnings reports, financial statements and operational data, information related to corporate gover- nance, and other types of disclosure documents are made available. This data can also be viewed on our IR app and website, which are compatible with multiple devices.
Moreover, in our small meetings, we provided on-demand streaming of certain briefings on the Company website.
As a result of our IR activities, in the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2019, KDDI has received excellent evaluations. The Company was selected for a third consecutive year to receive the Daiwa Investor Relations Internet IR 2018 Grand Prize. We were also ranked Gold Prize in the “Gomez IR Website Overall Ranking 2018” by Morningstar Japan K.K. In addition, we achieved third place (first award) in the “Disclosure to Individual Investors” category of the “Securities Analysts Selection of Best Companies for Disclosure” (FY2019.3) by the Securities Analysts Association of Japan.
    Individual meetings with institutional investors
  Financial results briefings
  Overseas road shows
  Number of participants or/ viewers of seminars for individual investors
       Overseas
  In Japan
               Active Information Disclosure
Three IR Activity Guidelines
Enhanced Communication
Through IR based on the activity guidelines outlined below, KDDI strives to build long-term, trust-based relationships with shareholders and investors, as well as maximize its cor- porate value.
 Open IR Activities
We value interactive dialogue with our shareholders and investors as well as ensuring accountability to our share- holders and investors through honest and fair information disclosure.
Proactive IR Activities
By always incorporating new ideas into our IR activities, we strive to make KDDI known to more people and pro- mote further knowledge of the Company.
Organized IR Activities
Under the leadership of management, all of our officers and employees, including those of Group companies, engage in organized IR activities to further increase cor- porate value.
  KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 43

Our Value Our Management Our Future Consolidated Financial Highlights*1
(Years ended March 31)
Consolidated 2010
Our Sustainability
2011
¥3,434,546 471,912 13.7% 936,315 27.3% 255,122
443,677 449,318
979,630 55.7%
12.4% 12.4%
96.92
23.33 24.1%
717,354 (440,546) 276,808 (279,998)
1,181,403 1,108,282 1,218,659 2,126,440 1,995,042 2,190,787
Financial Information
    Operating Revenues/Operating Revenue P.53 Operating Income P.53
Operating Margin EBITDA*3
EBITDA Margin
Net Income/Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent P.53
Capital Expenditures P.55 Depreciation and Amortization
Interest-Bearing Debt P.54
Equity Ratio/Ratio of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent
Return on Equity/Ratio of Return on Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent (ROE)
Return on Assets/Ratio of Return on Total Assets (ROA)
Earnings per Share/Net Basic Earnings per Share*4 (yen/U.S. dollars)
Dividends per Share*4 (yen/U.S. dollars) P.53 Dividend Payout Ratio
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
Free Cash Flows*5 P.55
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
Number of Consolidated Employees (people)
Number of Female Managers*6 (people)
Number of Consolidated Foreign Employees (people)
CO2 Emissions*7 (t) P.29 Power Consumption*8 (MWh)
2013
¥3,662,289 512,669 14.0% 959,571 26.2% 241,470
467,020 406,726
977,563 55.1%
11.2% 12.7%
105.30 30.00 28.5%
523,908 (472,992)
50,916 (140,249)
20,238 124 ————
2012
¥3,572,098 477,648 13.4% 908,499 25.4% 238,605
421,568 417,886
1,046,754 51.5%
11.5% 12.3%
96.86
26.67 27.5%
725,886 (484,507) 241,379 (225,931)
   ¥3,442,147 443,862 12.9% 927,253 26.9% 212,764
518,034 460,940
1,096,778 52.8%
11.0% 12.2%
79.61
21.67 27.2%
739,992 (924,442) (184,450) 149,239
                18,301 59
18,418 92
19,680 113
 1,049,422 1,885,703
  *1 Terminology differences between Japanese GAAP and IFRS (adopted from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016) will be presented as “Japanese GAAP/IFRS.”
*2 Yen amounts are translated into U.S. dollar amounts, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥110.99 = U.S.$1 on March 31, 2019.
*3 From the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 and in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, the EBITDA calculation formula has been changed.
Until the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012 (JGAAP): EBITDA = Operating income + depreciation + noncurrent assets retirement cost
Until the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 (JGAAP): EBITDA = Operating income + depreciation + amortization of goodwill + noncurrent assets retirement cost
Since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 (IFRS): EBITDA = Operating income + depreciation and amortization + noncurrent assets retirement cost + impairment loss
*4 Values are adjusted following stock splits conducted with effective dates of October 1, 2012, April 1, 2013, and April 1, 2015. Figures for previous fiscal years have been retroactively adjusted.
*5 Free cash flows = Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities + net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
*6 Including KDDI employees on loan outside of the Company in addition to full-time KDDI employees
*7 Covers electric power and fuel consumption (heavy oil, light oil, kerosene, and city gas) on a non-consolidated basis. The emission coefficient for electric power consumption is
0.555kg-CO2/kWh (emissions excluding heat, steam, and hot/cold water).
*8 Non-consolidated basis
44 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
            
Japanese GAAP     IFRS
    2019
 ¥5,080,353
1,013,729
20.0%
1,598,670
31.5%
617,669
 601,757
562,282
 1,275,711
57.1%
15.5%
14.6%
 259.10
105.00
40.5%
 1,029,607
(714,578)
315,028
(310,951)
 41,996
321
4,208
1,209,600
2,167,968
  2019
 $45,773
9,134
20.0%
14,404
31.5%
5,565
 5,422
5,066
 11,494
57.1%
15.5%
14.6%
 2
1
40.5%
 9,277
(6,438)
2,838
(2,802)
 41,996
321
4,208
1,209,600
2,167,968
 Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars*2
   2014
¥4,333,628 663,245 15.3% 1,186,069 27.4% 322,038
571,799 470,098
1,084,966 55.1%
13.0% 14.7%
132.87 43.33 32.6%
772,207 (546,257) 225,950 (105,643)
27,073 140 2,630 939,502 1,686,480
2015
¥4,573,142 741,299 16.2% 1,292,597 28.3% 427,931
576,197 494,570
1,002,214 57.3%
14.9% 14.5%
170.84 56.67 33.2%
962,249 (674,520) 287,729 (224,862)
28,172 177 2,624 1,044,357 1,873,293
2015
¥4,270,094 665,719 15.6% 1,284,553 30.1% 395,805
667,714 518,708
1,154,116 54.5%
13.5% 12.1%
158.01 56.67 35.9%
968,752 (635,745) 333,006 (310,528)
28,456 177 2,624 1,044,357 1,873,293
2016 2017
¥4,466,135 ¥4,748,259 832,583 912,976 18.6% 19.2% 1,410,971 1,524,207 31.6% 32.1% 494,878 546,658
531,434 519,365 532,442 545,177
1,235,287 1,151,650 56.3% 56.7%
15.5% 15.9% 14.5% 15.0%
197.73 221.65 70.00 85.00 35.4% 38.3%
884,538 1,161,074 (667,917) (637,225) 216,621 523,849 (299,003) (485,784)
31,834 35,032 251 270 4,380 4,423 1,081,553 1,067,495 1,939,115 1,913,747
2018
¥5,041,978 962,793 19.1% 1,560,061 30.9% 572,528
560,831 546,609
1,118,616 57.4%
15.6% 15.0%
235.54 90.00 38.2%
1,061,405 (633,847)
427,558 (453,168)
38,826 302 4,308 1,163,912 2,086,626
               KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 45

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Information
(Years ended March 31)
Operating Revenues/Operating Revenue
YOY +0.8%
Operating Income
(Billions of yen) 6,000
5,000 4,000
3,000 2,000 1,000
(Billions of yen)
1,014 (%) 25.0
20.0 20.0
15.0
10.0
5.0
     5,042 5,080
1,000
800
600
400
200
963 913
YOY +5.3%
        4,334 4,573 4,270 4,466
4,748
741 16.2
833 18.6
666
15.6
19.2
19.1
       3,442 3,435 3,572 3,662
12.9 444
13.7 472
13.4 478
14.0 513
663
15.3
                     000
   10 11 12 13 14 15 15 16 17 18 19
10 11 12 13 14 15 15 16 17 18 19 Japanese GAAP IFRS
􏰀 Operating Income (left) 􏰁 Operating Margin (right)
Net Income/
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent
    EBITDA
(Billions of yen)
2,000
(Billions of yen) 700
YOY +7.9% 618
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
YOY +2.5% (%)
40.0
30.9 1,599
31.5 30.0
20.0
10.0
      32.1
1,411 1,524 1,560
600 500 400 300 200 100
573
  30.1
31.6
547
 1,500 28.3 26.9 27.3 25.4 26.2 27.4
495
         1,186 1,293 1,285
428
396
       1,000
500
927
936
908
960
322
      255
239
241
  213
     000
   10 11 12 13 14 15 15 16 17 18 19
10 11 12 13 14 15 15 16 17 18 19
    Japanese GAAP 􏰀 EBITDA (left) 􏰁 EBITDA Margin (right)
IFRS
YOY +¥40.9billion
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
YOY –0.1pp
15.9 15.6 15.5 15.0 15.0 14.6
Capital Expenditures
ROE
(%)
20.0
18.0
16.0
14.0
12.0
10.0 11.0
(Billions of yen)
750
600
450
300
150
518
572 470
576 495
668
519
531532
545 561547 519
602
562
                461444449
467
14.7 14.9 15.5 13.5
14.5
 42218
  4
   407
     00
10 11 12 13 14 15 15 16 17 18 19 Japanese GAAP IFRS
􏰀 Capital Expenditures 􏰀 Depreciation and Amortization
10 11 12 13 14 15 15 16 17 18 19 Japanese GAAP IFRS
􏰁 ROA
12.2
12.4
12.4
12.3
11.5
12.7
11.2
14.5
 13.0
 12.1
     46 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
􏰁 ROE
          
Earnings per Share/
Net Basic Earnings per Share (EPS)
(Yen) 300
250 200 150 100
50
Dividends per Share
YOY +10.0% 259.10
221.65 235.54
(Yen)
120
100
80
60
40
20
YOY +15.0yen (%)
60.0
105.00 50.0
          85.00
90.00
  197.73
35.9
56.67 56.67 70.00 38.3 38.2
40.5 40.0 30.0
20.0
10.0
     170.84
32.6
43.33
33.2
35.4
158.01
27.2
21.67 23.33
27.5 28.5
26.67 30.00
     132.87
24.1
      79.61
96.92 96.86 105.30
    000
   10 11 12 13 14 15 15 16 17 18 19
10 11 12 13 14 15 15 16 17 18 19 Japanese GAAP IFRS
􏰀 Dividends per Share (left) 􏰁 Dividend Payout Ratio (right)
Number of Consolidated Foreign Employees
YOY –2.3%
   Japanese GAAP
Number of Female Managers
IFRS
YOY +6.3%
(People) 350
300 250 200 150 100
302
321
(People) 5,000
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
4,380
4,423 4,308 4,208
           270
   251
        177
2,630
2,624
     124
140
  113 92
  59
50 00
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19
CO2 Emissions (Non-consolidated)
YOY +3.9%
        (Thousands of tons)
(GWh) 2,500
2,000 1,500 1,000
500
1,250 1,000 750 500 250
1,181
1,219
1,164 1,210
14 15 16 17 18 19
Power Consumption (Non-consolidated)
YOY +3.9%
      1,108
1,049
1,044 1,082 1,067
2,126 2,191 1,995
2,087 2,168
           940
1,886
1,873 1,939 1,914
          1,686
             00
    10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 47

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information The Japanese Market and KDDI: Characteristics of the Domestic Market
Market Conditions for Mobile Communications Business
 As of March 31, 2019, cumulative mobile communications subscriptions in Japan totaled 177.73 million,*1 up 4.5% year on year. The mobile market continues to grow, driven by the spread of smartphones and further advances in the trend of single users owning multiple devices.
There has also been continued growth in the number of service contracts for MVNO,*2 up 13.8% from a year earlier to 20.94 million.
The Japanese market for mobile communications is enter- ing a new phase with the anticipated entry of a fourth com- munications carrier in autumn 2019, along with revisions to the Telecommunications Business Act and reduced pros- pects for sales of mobile handsets on the overall market due to the planned consumption tax hike.
As the domestic telecommunications business transitions to a stable growth period, mobile communications carriers have stepped up efforts to expand earnings in non- telecommunications business domains in a bid to secure new sources of earnings by leveraging their customer bases in the domestic telecommunications business. Meanwhile, compa- nies from other sectors are entering the telecommunications business, heating up competition across sector boundaries.
Against this backdrop, the Japanese government has set a target for increasing the ratio of cashless payments to 40% by 2025, and is ramping up efforts to encourage and spread cashless payments as a measure to boost the economy when the consumption tax rate is raised, including such mea- sures as awarding points to consumers who use cashless payments during a limited period.
Smartphone payments are a new form of settlement likely to catch on at small-scale retail stores due to the low initial investment required on the part of retailers. Viewing this as a business opportunity, many companies have focused on expanding their smartphone payment businesses.
*1 Source: Official Announcement of Quarterly Data on the Number of Telecommunications Service Subscriptions and Market Shares (FY2018 Q4 (End of March 2019)), Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications
*2 MVNO: Mobile Virtual Network Operator
Procure networks from mobile network operators (MNOs) to provide mobile services
Ratio of Cashless Payments by Country (2015)
 (%) 100
80 60 40 20
0
89.1%
     60.0%
55.4% 54.9% 51.0% 48.6%
45.0%
       39.1% 38.4%
   18.4%
14.9%
    Source: Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s Cashless Vision (Condensed Version) April 2018 Consumer Affairs, Distribution and Retail Industry Division, Commerce and Service Industry Policy Group
Share of Mobile Communications Subscribers*3
(As of March 31, 2019) SoftBank
  23.8%
KDDI (au) 31.5%
175
million
NTT DOCOMO 44.7%
Source: KDDI, based on data from
Telecommunications
Carriers Association *3 Shares of NTT DOCOMO,
INC., SoftBank Corporation, KDDI + Okinawa Cellular Telephone Company (au)
Share of FTTH Subscriptions (As of March 31, 2019) Other 12.1%
  Electric power utilities
8.9%
KDDI*4 12.5%
32
million
NTT EAST 37.5%
NTT WEST 29.1%
Source: KDDI, based on data from Ministry of
Internal Affairs and
Communication *4 KDDI + ctc + Okinawa
Cellular Telephone Company + BIGLOBE
 Market Conditions for Fixed-Line Broadband Business
 As of March 31, 2019, the number of fixed-line broadband subscriptions was up 1.5% year on year to 40.25 million.*1 Although fixed-line broadband service penetration has
reached around 70%,*5 the market continues to expand gradually, driven by sales of discount bundled mobile and fixed-line services and the opening of new markets by new operators using the wholesaling fiber access service of NTT East and NTT West.
*5 Source: KDDI, based on data from Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications
Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications’ Population, Population Trends, and Number of Households based on Residents Register: 58.53 million households (as of January 1, 2019)
Number of Fixed-Line Broadband Subscriptions*1
 (Million subs)
40 36.86
0.01
3.75
30 6.43 6.73
20
26.68
2015.3
37.91 38.82 39.64 40.25
0.01 0.01 2.15 1.73 3.20 2.51
  6.85 6.88 6.86
         10 0
􏰀FTTH
2016.3 2017.3
2018.3 2019.3
27.97
29.46
30.60
31.66
    48 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
􏰀CATV 􏰀DSL 􏰀FWA
          Korea China
Canada England
Australia Sweden
USA France
India Japan
Germany

Market Conditions for IoT Business
In the IoT field for connecting a wide variety of things with the internet, low power wide area (LPWA) specifications have been established to enable wide-area communications with low power consumption using LTE networks, and the use of IoT is ramping up across a variety of product and service fields.
Projections call for IoT to create a market worth ¥14 trillion annually in Japan and ¥247 trillion worldwide by 2020 while driving growth in the mobile communications market.
Outlook for Demand on CPS/IoT Market in Japan and Worldwide
  􏰀 Japan
Increase in Mobile Traffic and Frequency Allocated to Each Telecommunications Company
(Trillions of yen) 500
400 300 200 100
0
247.3
404.4
19.7
     194.0
  11.1 14.4
Source: KDDI, based on data from JEITA’s Survey
of Trends in Emerging Fields 2017
3,958.3
2,911.2
2018.12
 2016 2020 2030
 Due to the proliferation of smartphones and tablets, and the increased performance of such devices, along with increas- ingly diverse mobile content services and evolution of tele- communications technologies, mobile traffic in Japan continues to grow, with both average monthly traffic and peak traffic rising by about 20% in the most recent year.
This has become an important issue for mobile telecom- munications companies as they work to efficiently absorb this ongoing increase in mobile traffic and maintain stable network operations.
􏰀 World
Total Mobile Traffic in Japan (Monthly)
 (Gbps)
4,000
3,000
2,000 1,764.7
1,289.5
1,000 1,216.9
871.8
2014.12 2015.12
2,345.1
1,636.7
2016.12
3,246.3
2,314.2
2017.12
     0
 and Communications (March 2019) Allocation of Bandwidth among Japan’s Mobile Telecommunications Operators (As of April 10, 2019)
􏰁 Average Monthly Traffic 􏰁 Peak Hour Traffic
Source: “The State of Mobile Communications Traffic in Japan,” Ministry of Internal Affairs
   700MHz
    800MHz /900MHz
  1.5GHz
    1.7GHz
  2.1GHz
    2.6GHz
  3.5GHz
    3.7GHz /4.5GHz
  28GHz
  Total bandwidth
     FD-LTE
   FD-LTE 3G
 FD-LTE
   FD-LTE
 FD-LTE 3G
   TD-LTE
WiMAX
 TD-LTE
   5G (TDD)
  5G (TDD)
   840MHz
 10MHz 15MHz*1
10MHz
2
0MHz*2
2
0MHz*1
 50MHz*4 *5
    40MHz
  200MHz*7
   400MHz*7
   10MHz 15MHz*1
 10MHz
2
0MHz*2
2
0MHz*1
  NTT DOCOMO
  10MHz 15MHz 15MHz
 2
0MHz*3
20MHz
20MHz
  8
0M
Hz*6
  200MHz*7
 400MHz*7
 840MHz
  10MHz 15MHz 15MHz
2
0MHz*3
   SoftBank Group
   10MHz 15MHz
 10MHz 15MHz
20MHz
30MHz
Wireless City Planning
 8
0M
Hz*6
   100MHz*7
   400MHz*7
  750MHz
    10MHz 15MHz
  10MHz 15MHz
 20MHz
    Rakuten
   2
 0MHz*2 0MHz*2
       100MHz*7
   400MHz*7
   540MHz
   2
                            *1 au 3G services using 800MHz and 2.1GHz will shut down on March 31, 2022
*2 Newly allocated by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications on April 9, 2018
*3 Only in Tokyo, Nagoya, and Osaka
*4 Currently, a 40MHz section is used for WiMAX 2+ (TD-LTE) and a 10MHz section is used
*5 UQ WiMAX services will shut down on March 31, 2020.
*6 Of this 80MHz, 40MHz was newly allocated by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and
Communications on April 9, 2018
*7 Newly allocated by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications on April 10, 2019
for WiMAX.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 49

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information The Japanese Market and KDDI: KDDI’s Domestic Status
Toward Further Expansion of “the Integration of Telecommunications and Life Design”
 KDDI CORPORATION was established in October 2000 through the merger of DDI, KDD and IDO, and has continued to expand its base as a comprehensive telecommunications company with both mobile and fixed-line operations.
While the business has continued to grow with the expan- sion of the domestic mobile communications market and widespread popularity of smartphones, growth in the domestic telecommunications business, once a key driver, has slowed, and KDDI is working to establish new sources of growth.
Specifically, with its telecommunications business for indi- vidual customers and its customer base as its core, KDDI will provide experience value that produces excitement for cus- tomers by expanding the concentric circles of the life design business around this core, namely commerce, finance, ener- gy, entertainment and education.
For our corporate customers, meanwhile, we support their digital transformation by assisting them with the creation of new business models, based on the idea that telecommuni- cations services will contribute to their core businesses.
By leveraging the business know-how accumulated in Japan at overseas sites, KDDI aims to create a global eco- system on a par with the one in Japan.
In the Personal Services segment, KDDI will develop tele- communications and life design services while increasing IDs, mainly in emerging countries in Asia. In the Business Services segment, KDDI will use its IoT World Architecture platform to support the global operations of its customers, with the aim of sustaining growth overseas.
Global Expansion of KDDI’s Vision for “the Integration of Telecommunications and Life Design”
  For individual customers
Principal Businesses of the KDDI Group
Mobile Telecommunications and Non-Telecommunications
Field
As of March 31, 2019, au mobile subscriptions numbered 55.23 million, up 5.6% year on year and accounting for a 31.5% (+0.5 percentage point) share of the mobile market coverage by Japan’s three major carriers.
In addition, unbundled plans offered beginning in July 2017 contributed to reducing churn, and as of March 31, 2019, au mobile subscriptions*1 numbered 24.50 million. Meanwhile, the number of contracts to the MVNO provided by a consoli- dated subsidiary has increased by 670,000 over the previous year to 2.45 million contracts, increasing the number of “mobile IDs” (the total of au account and MVNO subscrip- tions) by 1.8% year on year to 26.95 million.
KDDI is aiming to establish a new source of growth in non- telecommunications business fields by maximizing the “au Economic Zone” encompassing such as commerce, finance, energy, entertainment, and education.
For corporate customers
The “au Economic Zone gross merchandise value” is the combined value of non-telecommunication services used, along with total payments made through means provided by KDDI (“au Carrier Billing” and “au WALLET”). Approximately 30% of this gross merchandise value is ultimately recorded as “au Economic Zone sales.”
Fixed-Line Broadband
As of March 31, 2019, the cumulative number of FTTH sub- scriptions*2 stood at 4.45 million, up 3.2% year on year and accounting for a market share of 12.5%. In CATV services, the number of RGU households*3 as of March 31, 2019 increased steadily to 5.48 million, up 1.7% year on year.
By cross-selling FTTH and CATV services to the au cus- tomer base, we expect the KDDI Group customer base to continue growing stronger and expanding.
    50 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Number of Mobile IDs
Total of Cumulative FTTH Subscriptions*2 and Number of
  (Million subs) 30
20
10
RGU Households*3
(Million households) 10
       25.70
25.78
26.01
26.46
26.95
 0.11
0.87
1.77
2.45
8 6
4.88
            25.70
4
25.68
25.14
24.69
    2 3.75 4.14 3.49
4.31 4.45
2018.3 2019.3
  00
    2015.3 2016.3 2017.3 2018.3 2019.3 􏰀 au Subscriptions*1 􏰀 Number of MVNO Contracts
*1 au Subscriptions: Personal Services segment accounts under the same name are counted as one au subscription
Gross Merchandise Value and Sales of the “au Economic Zone”
2015.3 2016.3 2017.3
􏰀 Cumulative FTTH Subscriptions 􏰀 Number of RGU Households
*2 Cumulative FTTH subscriptions: KDDI + ctc + Okinawa Cellular Telephone Company + BIGLOBE
*3 RGU: Revenue Generating Units. Each household’s subscription to CATV, high-speed Internet connection, or telephony services represents one RGU
 (Billions of yen)
3,000
2,000
1,000
1,890
2,517
709
      730
1,280
421
 380
0
􏰀 Gross Merchandise Value of the au Economic Zone 􏰁 au Economic Zone Sales
  2018.3 2019.3 IoT Business and Regional Revitalization
In the IoT business, KDDI aims to create and expand new businesses tied to the platforms of its business partners and KDDI’s own 5G/IoT platform, which includes its IoT and ICT- related technologies and expertise.
KDDI plans to increase the total number of IoT connections from 8 million, as of March 31, 2019, to 18 million by March 31, 2022.
KDDI is aggressively pursuing the use of 5G in regional revi- talization as a business opportunity, and has already cooperat- ed with local governments to facilitate their deployment of IoT.
2015.3
2016.3
2017.3
   Muroran City ICT tourism
Nikko City Cashless translation
Nagaoka City Smart drones
Otari Village Lifestyle support with IoT
Toyama Prefecture Manufacturing with IoT Snow removal vehicles with 5G / bus route app
We aim to help solve local issues through collaborative agreements with 63 local governments across the nation to deploy 5G/IoT technologies in various fields. For example, KDDI participated in Reviving the Mackerel: A Project to Streamline Aquaculture in Obama City, Fukui Prefecture, as well as a Japanese sake brewing project with Aizuwakamatsu City, Fukushima Prefecture, and a project to visualize the number of people who climb and descend Mt. Fuji with Gotemba City in Shizuoka Prefecture.
Kamishihoro Town Creation of basic tourism plan Obihiro City Smart agriculture
    Hakuba Village
Higashimatsushima City Kunimi Town Animal damage countermeasures
Satsumasendai City
24.50
Minamisanriku Town
4K 360° remote shopping experience
5.05
5.29
5.38
5.48
  560
 Isolated islands Expansion of sales channels for locally produced items Marketing support
 Smart fishery Japanese sake production / drones / 5G / 4K images
   Obama City Toyooka City Stimulate tourism, agriculture with IoT
Tottori City Multilingual translation taxi Fukuyama City 5G drones / VR experiences
Hirado City Agricultural experiences for children
Smart fishery
Aizuwakamatsu City
Ina City Drone distribution Koganei City 5G education
Maizuru City Industrial revitalization
      Gotemba City Iida City Gero City
Stimulate tourism, expand sales channels for local goods
Visualization of Mt. Fuji climber numbers / VR / translation / drones AI-XR / self-driving cars
Okinawa Prefecture Multilingual translation taxis / mango cultivation with IoT / 5G stadium experiments
   Goto City
Smart fishery
Snow removal vehicles with IoT Toyota City Babysitting children with IoT
 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 51

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Market Overview
(Years ended March 31)
>>> For information about the quarterly status of KDDI for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, please download “Historical Data (2001–) (BS/PL/CF)” from the Company’s website. https://www.kddi.com/english/corporate/ir/finance/highlight/
Mobile Communications Market Data
Number of Total Subscribers
(Share of Cumulative Subscriptions*1)
Fixed-Line Communications Market Data
Number of Broadband Subscriptions
  (Thousand subs) 80,000
60,000 40,000 20,000
(Million subs) 40
30 20 10
                               00
    2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
26.68 27.97 29.46 30.60 6.43 6.73 6.85 6.88 3.75 3.20 2.51 2.15
0.01 0.01 0.01 0.00
  55,225 (31.5%)
 78,453 (44.7%)
 41,686 (23.8%)
 175,364
   31.66
 6.86
 1.73
 0.00
 40.25
    au
 NTT DOCOMO
 SoftBank
Total
43,478 45,910 (29.4%) (29.3%) 66,596 70,964 (45.0%) (45.4%) 37,766 39,586 (25.5%) (25.3%)
48,540 52,283 (29.8%) (31.0%) 74,880 76,370 (46.0%) (45.3%) 39,310 39,787 (24.2%) (23.6%)
 FTTH  CATV  DSL
 FWA
                                      147,840 156,459 162,730 168,440
Total 36.86
37.91 38.82 39.64
  *1 Share among NTT DOCOMO, INC., SoftBank Corp., and KDDI + Okinawa Cellular Telephone Company (au) Source: Data prepared by KDDI based on materials from the Telecommunications Carriers Association
Net Additions (Share of Net Additions*1)
Source: Data prepared by KDDI based on materials from the Telecommunications Carriers Association
(Thousand subs) 5,000
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0 -1,000
(%)
50 40 30 20 10
0
Share of FTTH Subscriptions
                          2015
2,956 (35.7%) 3,490 (42.1%) 1,841 (22.2%)
8,288
2016
2,432 (28.2%) 4,368 (50.7%) 1,820 (21.1%)
8,619
2017 2018 2019
2,631 3,743 (41.9%) (65.5%) 3,916 1,491 (62.5%) (26.1%)
-276 477 (-4.4%) (8.3%)
6,271 5,710
2015
12.5 39.0 31.2
8.6
8.7
2016 2017
2018 2019
  2,943 (42.5%)
 2,083 (30.1%)
 1,899 (27.4%)
 6,924
   12.5
 37.5
 29.1
 8.9
  12.1
    au
 NTT DOCOMO
 SoftBank
Total
 KDDI
 NTT EAST  NTT WEST
 Electric power utilities
 Other
12.9 12.9 12.8 38.1 37.9 37.6 30.7 30.1 29.6
8.9 8.8 8.7
9.3 10.2 11.4
                                               Source: Data prepared by KDDI based on materials from the Telecommunications Carriers Association
Source: Data prepared by KDDI based on materials from the Telecommunications Carriers Association
Share of Pay Multi-Channel CATV Subscriptions
Churn Rate
(%) 1.5
1.0
0.5
(%)
60 50 40 30 20 10
                   00
        52.8
 5.5
 2.9
 38.9
   au*2
 NTT DOCOMO
 SoftBank
2015 2016 2017
0.69 0.88 0.83
0.61 0.62 0.59
1.36 1.35 1.24
2018 2019
0.86 0.76
0.65 0.57
1.22 1.07
 J:COM  CNCI  TOKAI
 Other
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
52.8 50.7 51.7 51.7 5.2 5.8 5.7 6.1 3.7 3.3 3.3 3.0
38.3 40.2 39.3 39.2
                                         *2 For conventional mobile terminals (smartphones and feature phones) (Personal Services segment basis) Source: Data prepared by KDDI from individual companies’ materials
Source: Data prepared by KDDI based on Hoso Journal
 52 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Analysis of the Consolidated Statement of Income
Operating Revenue
YOY Up 0.8%
Although mobile communications revenues declined in the
Personal Services segment, revenues were boosted by the consolidation of subsidiaries. In addition revenues increased in the energy business, value-added ARPA revenues grew, revenues rose on expansion in the life design business, and they also grew in the Business Services segment. As a result, operating revenue rose 0.8% year on year to ¥5,080.4 billion.
(Years ended March 31)
 ¥5,080.4 billion
(Billions of yen)
5,042
2018
(Billions of yen)
963
2018
Business +47
Global -40
   Personal +12
5,080
2019
Life Design +58
Consolidation adjustment, etc. -38
YOY +0.8%
 Operating Income
YOY Up 5.3%
¥1,013.7 billion
Business +20
Global +2
Consolidation adjustment, etc. -3
1,014
2019
     Value-added ARPA revenues increased on expansion in the life design business, and profits also grew in the Business Services segment, offsetting the decline in mobile communi- cations revenues in the Personal Services segment, the accelerated depreciation of 3G equipment and the costs of disaster response. As a result, operating income grew 5.3% to ¥1,013.7 billion.
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent
YOY Up 7.9% ¥617.7 billion
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent increased 7.9% year on year to ¥617.7 billion, reflecting growth in operating income and a decline in non-controlling interests, despite an increase in income tax due to increase in profit for the period before income tax.
Life Design +9
Dividends per Share
YOY
Up ¥15
¥105
Personal +23
YOY + 5.3%
       KDDI distributed an annual dividend of ¥105 per share, an increase of ¥15 compared with the previous year, for a con- solidated dividend payout ratio of 40.5%. Our dividend policy for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 through the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022 is to maintain the consolidated dividend payout ratio at a level above 40% while taking into consideration the investments necessary to achieve growth and ensure stable business operations. We aim to continue raising dividends through synergy with growth in earnings per share in line with higher operating income.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 53

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Analysis of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Financial Information
(Years ended March 31)
Total Assets
YOY Up¥755.9billion ¥7,330.4billion
Total assets were ¥7,330.4 billion, an increase of ¥755.9 bil- lion from the previous fiscal year-end. The increase reflects higher contract costs in accordance with the adoption of IFRS No. 15, expansion of the “au WALLET Credit card” business and growth in receivables due to the diversification of installment sales methods for au mobile phone handsets.
Total Equity
YOY Up¥481.7billion ¥4,612.9billion
Total equity was ¥4,612.9 billion, up ¥481.7 billion, mainly due to an increase in retained earnings associated with the increase in profit and an increase in non-controlling interests, which outweighed a decline in equity due to the acquisition of treasury stock.
Interest-Bearing Debt
YOY Up¥157.1billion ¥1,275.7billion
Interest-bearing debt expanded ¥157.1 billion year on year to ¥1,275.7 billion, mainly because of more borrowings and an increase in bonds from the issuance of bonds.
(Billions of yen)
6,575
2018
(Billions of yen)
4,131
2018
D/E Ratio
YOY
Trade and other receivables +270
Other -36
7,330
2019
4,613
2019
0.30 times
       Property, plant and equipment +109
Contract costs +413
 YOY +11.5%
      Retained earnings +472
Non-controlling interests +72
Other -17
       Treasury stock -45
YOY +11.7%
      ±0.00 point
    54 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
The D/E ratio was unchanged at 0.30 times as equity attribut- able to owners of the parent increased along with the increase in retained earnings, but interest-bearing debt also grew.
          
Analysis of Capital Expenditures and Cash Flows
Capital Expenditures (Payment Basis)
(Years ended March 31)
 Consolidated capital expenditures increased ¥40.9 billion compared with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, to ¥601.8 billion.
Mobile
YOY Up¥17.1 billion ¥377.2 billion
In the mobile business, capital expenditures were up ¥17.1 billion to ¥377.2 billion, mainly due to efforts to enhance qual- ity and expand service areas for 4G LTE ahead of the launch of 5G, increase telecommunication speeds through carrier aggregation, and advance construction work on the 700MHz and 3.5GHz bands.
Fixed-Line and Others
YOY Up¥23.9 billion ¥224.6 billion
In the fixed-line businesses and others, capital expenditures increased ¥23.9 billion year on year to ¥224.6 billion. Despite a decrease in FTTH-related investment, spending on domes- tic communications centers increased and on investments in consolidated subsidiaries rose.
    (Billions 500
400 300 200 100
M3G 11
M LTE 191 131 M Common equipment 278 201
Total 479 338
Cash Flows
Free Cash Flows
of yen)
(Billions of yen) 250
200 150 100
                         50 00
        2015
2016 2017 2018 2019
2015
31 158 Total 189
(Billions of yen)
2,000
1,000
0
-1,000
 Free Cash Flows
M Net Cash Provided by (Used
in) Operating Activities M Capital Expenditures
M Other, Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
2016
24 170 193
2017 2018 2019
24 28 170 173 194 201
  1
  181
 195
 377
   26
  199
 225
   54 1 114 152 207 207
M FTTH M Other
                                     325 360
  YOY Down¥112.5 billion ¥315.0 billion
Net cash provided by operating activities was ¥1,029.6 bil- lion, ¥31.8 billion less than in the previous fiscal year. The decrease mainly reflects an increase in trade and other receivables, despite growth in EBITDA.
Meanwhile, net cash used in investing activities was ¥714.6 billion, ¥80.7 billion higher than in the previous fiscal year. The increase mainly reflects expansion in capital expen- ditures and greater spending on investments and acquisitions in subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
As a result, free cash flows—the total of operating and investing cash flows—amounted to ¥315.0 billion, down ¥112.5 billion from the previous fiscal year.
2015 2016
333 217
969 885 -668 -531
32 -136
2017 2018 2019
524 428 1,161 1,061 -519 -561
-118 -73
1,524 1,560
            315
  1,030
  -602
  -113
  1,599
                                 EBITDA 1,285
1,411
 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 55

  Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Performance Analysis by Segment
Personal Services Segment (Years ended March 31)
Communication Services (au and MVNO mobile services, FTTH, CATV), Energy, Education, and Other Services for Individuals
  In mobile services, the segment offers the mainstay “au” brand services and MVNO services provided by consolidated subsidiaries such as UQ Communications Inc. Fixed-line ser- vices include “au Hikari” brand FTTH services, CATV service, and others.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, operating revenue increased 0.3% year on year to ¥3,911.2 billion. A decrease in mobile telecommunications revenue was offset by higher revenue from the energy business, such as “au Denki,” as well as con- tributions from AEON Holdings Corporation, which was con- solidated in January 2018, and higher revenues at subsidiaries.
The segment also provides non-telecommunications ser- vices such as the “au WALLET Market” product sales service making use of au shops, as well as energy services such as “au Denki” and education services provided under the “AEON” brand.
Operating income rose 3.2% year on year to ¥756.3 billion, as reductions in noncurrent assets retirement costs and impairment losses more than offset the decline in mobile telecommunications revenues.
 Overview of Operations in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2019
Operating Revenue
(Billions of yen) 4,000
3,633
3,000 600 30.0
2,000 400 20.0
(Billions of yen) 3,900 3,911 800
(%) 40.0
(%) 60.0
1,258 45.0 32.2 30.0
15.0
Operating Income/Operating Margin
EBITDA/EBITDA Margin
(Billions of yen) 1,600
1,200
800
400
     711
733
756
    1,241 34.2
1,248
32.0
         1,000 200 10.0
au ARPA
19.6 18.8
19.3
   00000
   2017 2018 2019 2017 􏰀􏰀 Operating Income (left)
au ARPA decreased ¥50 year on year to ¥5,860, primarily due to the short-term adverse impact on revenue from the plans separating charges that were introduced in July 2017. In the fourth quarter alone, however, au ARPA was ¥5,860, up ¥80 compared with the previous year, underscoring the gradual lift to ARPA from increased expiration of limited-time discounts held by subscribers and a boost to revenue from the non-application of monthly discounts.
2018 2019
􏰁 Operating Margin (right)
(Yen) 6,000
4,500
3,000
1,500
0
􏰀􏰀 EBITDA (left)
2017 2018 2019 􏰁 EBITDA Margin (right)
  5,970
5,970 5,910
5,910
5,780
5,840
5,870 5,870
5,860
5,860
   1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 2018 2019
  56 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
 au Churn Rate
The au churn rate has gradually improved since the introduc- tion of plans for separating charges in July 2017. In the fourth quarter, the au churn rate rose slightly due to the extension of the upgrade period for the “Everyone Discount” in March 2019, but remained low overall in line with expectations.
To reduce the au churn rate, KDDI continues to promote deeper engagement with customers through growth in bun- dles combining “au Smart Value” and telecommunications and life design services.
Pricing Plans in Tune with Customer Needs
In August 2018, KDDI launched the “au Flat Plan 25 Netflix Pack” as a rate plan that bundles smartphone telecommuni- cations charges with monthly Netflix fees as a discounted package for customers who enjoy watching highly entertaining Netflix video content.
KDDI has long been a leader in rolling out pricing plans and services in tune with customer needs, beginning with “au Smart Value,” a discount bundle for mobile and fixed-line telecommunications services, and the “au Pitatto Plan” and “au Flat Plan” with charges set according to data usage tiers. The “au Pitatto Plan” and “au Flat Plan” have been quite pop- ular with customers, as shown by the number of subscrip- tions rising above 13 million in March 2019.
(%) 1.2
0.9
0.6
0.3
0
0.91
0.98 0.96
2018 0.86
2019
0.76
Full year
    0.79 0.78
0.71 0.72 0.64
   1Q
2Q 3Q 4Q
 Key Initiatives
Improving au Brand Value
      With the quality of services becoming homogeneous on the domestic telecommunications market, improving brand value is essential to winning over more customers.
KDDI is making concerted efforts to improve the quality of interactions with customers, from the products and services it offers to advertising and customer services. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, KDDI was selected as the BRAND OF THE YEAR 2018 for the popularity of its commer- cials by CM Soken Consulting. This marked the fourth con- secutive year (since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016) that KDDI has been selected as the number one brand.
  Solving Social Issues through Business: Telecommunications Business
   Through our telecommunications business, we contribute to a safer and more resilient connected world.
  Social issues
• Decline in quality due to increase in data usage • Existence of areas with weak signals • Lifelines cut off during natural disasters • Digital divide impacting the weakest in society • Population decline, loss of industrial competitiveness
KDDI’s Vision
KDDI envisions a society with high-quality telecommunications services that anyone can use without discrimination and aims to realize this vision through the provision of reliable fixed-line tele- phone and internet services while improving the quality of mobile telecommunications. Moreover, KDDI has built a robust network resilient to natural disasters, and has ensured the means to rapidly restore services in the event of damage.
In the fields of 5G and IoT, KDDI is contributing to a society where everyone can live in safety and security through initiatives aimed at solving social issues, including the declining working population and regional economic disparities.
KDDI’s Initiatives
To improve the quality of mobile telecommunications, KDDI is sparing no effort to strengthen its networks, to this end expand- ing the 4G LTE coverage area while improving service quality and speed. At the same time, KDDI is developing technologies and building out foundations for the area rollout of 5G and IoT, which are essential for digital transformation.
To prepare for emergency situations, KDDI has built redun- dancy into its networks and put in place a structure with land, sea, and air capabilities to ensure the rapid reconstruction of damaged facilities. We also offer handsets and services that everyone can safely and securely use.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 57

  Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Performance Analysis by Segment
Life Design Services Segment (Years ended March 31)
Providing Commerce, Finance, Settlement, Entertainment, and Other Services for Individuals
  This segment provides individuals with value-added non- telecommunications services both online and offline. The seg- ment makes subscription services, such as the digital content of “au Smart Pass/au Smart Pass Premium,” more attractive.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, operating revenue expanded 11.0% year on year to ¥579.4 billion, reflecting a revenue increase from the higher ratio of premium subscrib- ers to “au Smart Pass.” It also reflected an increase in value- added ARPA revenue from growth in gross merchandise value, including settlements and commerce, in the “au Economic Zone,” and contributions from ENERES Co., Ltd. becoming a consolidated subsidiary.
It also strengthens the commerce business with
“au Wowma!” and other services, as well as insurance and other services in the financing business, with the goal of max- imizing the “au Economic Zone” and expanding earnings.
Meanwhile, operating income grew 8.4% year on year to ¥112.8 billion, owing mainly to the increase in value-added ARPA revenue, despite higher costs associated with expansion in the commerce, as well as settlements and financial services, businesses.
 Overview of Operations in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2019
Operating Revenue
Operating Income/Operating Margin
EBITDA/EBITDA Margin
(Billions of yen) 600
450
300
150
579
(Billions of yen) 120
90
60
30
113
(%) 40.0
30.0
20.0
10.0
(Billions of yen) 150
120 90 60 30
(%) 50.0
40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0
     522
104
128
138
23.8
    451
96
117
       21.3
19.9
19.5
26.0
24.5
      00000
   2017 2018 2019 2017 􏰀􏰀 Operating Income (left)
Value-Added ARPA
Value-added ARPA increased ¥110 compared with the previ- ous year to ¥700, thanks to the higher ratio of premium sub- scribers to “au Smart Pass,” in addition to growth in settlement commissions for “au WALLET Credit card” and “au Carrier Billing” on top of higher commerce revenues.
2018 2019
􏰁 Operating Margin (right)
(Yen) 800
600
400
200
0
􏰀􏰀 EBITDA (left)
2017 2018 2019 􏰁 EBITDA Margin (right)
   560
570
590
590
700
690
720 720
 630
660
  1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q
  Number of “au Smart Pass” and “au Smart Pass Premium” Members
2018
12.89
2015
2019
15.53 15.49 4.30
7.30
 The number of “au Smart Pass” and “au Smart Pass Premium” members declined 40 thousand compared with the end of the previous fiscal year to 15.49 million. Of this number, memberships of “au Smart Pass Premium,” which is a sophisticated version of “au Smart Pass,” increased
3 million year on year due in part to an effective campaign to sign people up at retail stores and the provision of more special benefits for members.
(Million members) 16
12
8
4
0
14.47
2016
15.22 0.49
2017
           58 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
􏰀􏰀 au Smart Pass
􏰀􏰀 Of which, au Smart Pass Premium
2018 2019
          
  Key Initiatives
Smart Money Concept
In February 2019, au Financial Holdings Corporation was established as an intermediate financial holding company with the objective of strengthening the settlement and finan- cial services business. At the same time, KDDI launched the “Smart Money Concept” to provide customers with settle- ment and financial services via their smartphones, which have become inseparable from their daily lives.
Over 25 million customers have applied for “au WALLET Prepaid cards” and “au WALLET Credit cards.” Balances on “au WALLET” and WALLET points have risen above ¥100 bil- lion, and settlement and financial transaction volume has expanded to ¥4.4 trillion. In April 2019, “au PAY” was launched offering customers a new smartphone payment method cen- tered on the “au WALLET” app, encouraging cashless pay- ments and strengthening points of contact with customers.
Building on “au WALLET,” KDDI aims to offer customers a one-stop financial experience for savings, payments, invest- ments, loans, and insurance. While supporting customers with their finances, we intend to offer superior services in tune with the life plans of each customer.
Strengthening the Energy Business
In August 2018, KDDI, Electric Power Development Co., Ltd. and ENERES Co., Ltd. entered into a business tie-up agree- ment with the objective of increasing corporate value by cre- ating business opportunities through innovation in the rapidly changing electric power market. In December 2018, KDDI acquired additional shares in ENERES through a public offer- ing, and turned ENERES into a consolidated subsidiary.
KDDI began to offer “au Denki” when the retail electric power sector was deregulated in April 2016. Since then, KDDI has outsourced the management of supply and demand operations for “au Denki” to ENERES, whose responsibility extended to the forecasting of demand for elec- tric power and procuring the necessary power sources. By making ENERES a consolidated subsidiary, KDDI expects to accelerate decision-making at the entity and be able to more flexibly invest management resources, including the provision of support backed by the insight of KDDI and Electric Power Development. KDDI will continue to reinforce the energy busi- ness in the future.
Building the foundation of energy business to be one of core services in life design
    Demand /Supply management know-how
Alliance-backed business base
Customer base
Procurement support of power supply
 Solving Social Issues through Business: Education Business
  Through our education business, we contribute to the development of human resources that will lead the next generation.
  Social issues
• Need for training human resources responsive to globalization
• Insufficient education opportunities for children to thrive in society
• Insufficient learning opportunities for children in developing countries
KDDI’s Vision
KDDI aims to broadly provide venues for children to learn life- long skills through work and social experiences while furnishing them with opportunities to learn foreign languages, with the intention of contributing to the development of a sustainable society by solving issues faced by the young in an increasingly diverse society.
By providing educational opportunities in developing countries, KDDI also contributes to the development of human resources who may guide their countries toward sustained growth.
KDDI’s Initiatives
Through the foreign language education business, the KDDI Group offers services for learning in a new format, blending education with communications services, that can be provided anywhere. Moreover, KDDI offers learning experiences at KidZania based on the concept of edutainment (learning while having fun). In developing countries, KDDI creates opportunities for people to study English, PC operation, and music, subjects that tend to be neglected in these countries.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 59

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information Performance Analysis by Segment
Business Services Segment (Years ended March 31)
Providing Telecommunication Services, ICT Solutions, Data Center Services, and Others for Corporate Customers
  This segment provides diverse solutions, including mobile services using devices such as smartphones and tablets as well as networks, applications, and cloud services to a wide range of corporate customers, ranging from small to major
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, operating revenue expanded 6.3% year on year to ¥796.9 billion, despite a decline in voice communications revenue. This increase mainly reflected higher data telecommunications revenue, growth in the domestic data center business, stronger revenue at KDDI
corporations. In addition, the segment is moving forward with a variety of initiatives in the IoT sector, in which all manner of things are connected to the Internet.
MATOMETE OFFICE CORPORATION and other subsidiaries, and higher revenue from retail electric power sales.
Operating income climbed 23.1% to ¥104.0 billion, thanks to controls on the cost of sales and SG&A expenses as revenue grew.
 Overview of Operations in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2019
Operating Revenue
Operating Income/Operating Margin
EBITDA/EBITDA Margin
(Billions of yen) 800
600
400
200
(Billions of yen) 120
90
60
30
(%) 20.0
15.0
10.0
5.0
(%) 25.0
20.0 15.0 10.0
797
150
(Billions of yen) 150
120 90 60 30
2018 2019 2017 2018 2019 􏰁 Operating Margin (right) 􏰀􏰀 EBITDA (left) 􏰁 EBITDA Margin (right)
     710
750
133
 104
124
     84
17.5
17.7
18.8
   76
10.7
11.3
13.1
     5.0 00000
      2017 2018 2019 2017 􏰀􏰀 Operating Income (left)
Promoting the IoT Business
KDDI has been promoting a platform for providing services to all industries based on the KDDI IoT World Architecture, an evolved version of the Global Communications Platform that KDDI is jointly developing with Toyota Motor Corporation.
KDDI IoT World Architecture is a business IoT platform for providing cloud-based services, applications and data analysis in addition to connectivity. It is designed around the Company’s new recurring business model. The KDDI IoT World Architecture supports customers by selecting and making available the optimal network for them, offering data collection and analysis services in collaboration with KDDI’s
partners, and providing support for compliance with relevant laws and regulations as well as device authentication.
KDDI plans to increase the number of collaborative part- ners and help corporate customers solve issues related to the global rollout of their IoT solutions, offering strong support for customers dealing with business change and growth.
 Key Initiatives
   60 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
     Solving Social Issues through Business: Global Business
Infrastructure maintenance through its global business, KDDI encourages economic development in countries with inadequate
KDDI’s Vision
In developing countries, KDDI aims to eliminate the digital divide by offering hardware and software assistance for information telecommunications and by helping improve the livelihoods of people in these countries through economic and industrial devel- opment and upgrades to telecommunications infrastructure.
Through these initiatives, KDDI will contribute to the realization of a society where everyone has easy access to telecommuni- cations and information.
  Social • Slow development of telecommunications
issues
environments, economies and industries in
developing countries
• Digital divides in developing countries
      
 Overview of Operations in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2019
 Key Initiatives
 KDDI’s Initiatives
KDDI is leveraging the experience, know-how and technological capabilities it has accumulated around the world in the telecommu- nications services business to develop reliable, “Japan-quality” telecommunications services with expanded 4G LTE coverage in Myanmar, Mongolia, and other developing countries. By offering inexpensive and fair access to telecommunications networks, we will increase the number of mobile connections in these countries,
while contributing to economic development and the realization of more comfortable lifestyles. We are also involved in peripheral businesses around telecommunications that contribute to sus- tained growth in these countries. With the aim of eliminating digital divides in international society, we proactively participate in ICT projects and offer technological consultation in developing countries in addition to contributing to the training of technicians through education and training programs in the ICT field.
 Global Services Segment (Years ended March 31)
Providing Telecommunication Services, ICT Solutions, Data Center Services, and Others for Individuals and Corporate Customers Overseas
 This segment offers the one-stop provision of ICT solutions to corporate customers, centered on our “TELEHOUSE” data centers. In addition, we are working aggressively to expand
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, operating revenue fell 16.0% year on year to ¥208.8 billion, reflecting the restructuring of low-profitability businesses, despite robust performance in the Myanmar telecommunications business, data center business and systems integration business.
customer businesses, such as the telecommunications busi- ness in Myanmar and Mongolia.
However, operating income expanded 7.7% year on year to ¥34.4 billion, due to brisk performance in the Myanmar telecommunications, data center and systems integration businesses, even though foreign exchange rates had a nega- tive impact on profits.
Operating Revenue
Operating Income/Operating Margin
EBITDA/EBITDA Margin
(Billions of yen) 400
300
200
100
(Billions of yen) 40
30 209 20
10
(%) 40.0
30.0
20.0
10.0
(%) 25.0
20.0 15.0 10.0
(Billions of yen) 50
40 30 20 10
2017 2018 2019 2017 2018 2019 2017 2018 2019 􏰀􏰀 Operating Income (left) 􏰁 Operating Margin (right) 􏰀􏰀 EBITDA (left) 􏰁 EBITDA Margin (right)
49
    32
34
16.5
44 37
17.6 13.4
23.4
      277
249
24
        12.8
 8.7
5.0 00000
      Initiatives to Develop the Telecommunications Business
in Emerging Countries
In Myanmar, KDDI launched the MPT Club in May 2018 as the first point program in Myanmar, with the goal of improving customer retention. It is a shared point program that can be used at affiliated stores and, as of March 31, 2019, a total of 28 companies had signed on, including convenience stores, restaurants, and movie theaters.
As of March 31, 2019, our LTE+ services could be used at 314 of the nation’s 330 townships. Just one year and eight months after launch, the service was providing 300Mbps* high-speed access across almost all of Myanmar.
As the telecommunications carrier with the No. 1 share in the country, we will continue efforts to expand operations.
* Best-effort service. The listed speed is the maximum speed based on techni- cal specifications, and actual speeds may be slower.
 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 61

Our Value Our Management Our Future
Our Sustainability
Financial Information
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
KDDI Corporation and its Subsidiaries As of March 31
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill
Intangible assets
Investments accounted for using the equity method Other long-term financial assets
Deferred tax assets
Contract costs
Other non-current assets
Total non-current assets
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥2,546,181
539,694
946,837
174,000
253,025
15,227
412,838
10,117
 4,897,918
 90,588
1,965,554
41,963
4,633
125,162
204,597
 2,432,498
 ¥7,330,416
  2019
 $22,941
4,863
8,531
1,568
2,280
137
3,720
91
 44,129
 816
17,709
378
42
1,128
1,843
 21,916
 $66,046
  Notes
2018
¥2,437,196 526,601 953,106 98,192 236,684 106,050 — 65,477
4,423,306
  Current assets
Inventories
Trade and other receivables Other short-term financial assets Income tax receivables
Other current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Total current assets
Total assets
11, 12, 32,
4,
10 32 33
13 14
89,207 1,695,403 30,173 2,101 133,531 200,834
2,151,249
¥6,574,555
12, 32,
6, 8 4, 7, 8 7, 8 9 33 16 25 13
     62 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥1,040,978
66,493
13,356
100,680
33,996
77,435
6,746
 1,339,683
 150,574
671,969
26,773
152,195
34,403
116,076
225,810
 1,377,801
 2,717,484
 141,852
284,409
(383,728)
4,144,133
(3,174)
 4,183,492
429,440
 4,612,932
 ¥7,330,416
  2019
 $ 9,379
599
120
907
306
698
61
 12,070
 1,357
6,054
241
1,371
310
1,046
2,035
 12,414
 24,484
 1,278
2,562
(3,457)
37,338
(29)
 37,693
3,869
 41,562
 $66,046
    Liabilities and Equity Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable Other long-term financial liabilities Retirement benefit liabilities Deferred tax liabilities
Provisions
Contract liabilities
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable Trade and other payables
Other short-term financial liabilities Income taxes payables
Provisions
Contract liabilities
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Total liabilities
Equity
Equity attributable to owners of the parent Common stock
Capital surplus
Treasury stock
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Total equity attributable to owners of the parent Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
Note: The notes 1 to 41 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Notes
15, 32, 33 19, 32, 33 17 16 20 25 21
15, 32, 33 18, 32 19, 32, 33
20 25 21
23 22, 23 23 23 23
38
2018
¥ 704,278 68,478 12,010 80,298 10,754 — 129,679
1,005,498
329,559 610,726 24,717 143,635 31,231 — 297,932
1,437,800
2,443,298
141,852
289,578 (338,254)
3,672,344 8,183
3,773,703 357,554
4,131,257
¥6,574,555
         KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 63

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
Consolidated Statement of Income
KDDI Corporation and its Subsidiaries For year ended March 31
Operating revenue Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Other income
Other expense
Share of profit of investments accounted for using the equity method
Operating income
Finance income
Finance cost
Other non-operating profit and loss
Profit for the year before income tax
Income tax
Profit for the year
Profit for the year attributable to
Owners of the parent Non-controlling interests
Profit for the year
Earnings per share attributable to owners of the parent Basic earnings per share (yen)
Diluted earnings per share (yen)
Note: The notes 1 to 41 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥5,080,353
2,867,413
 2,212,940
 1,210,470
10,140
3,661
4,780
 1,013,729
 3,582
10,012
2,975
 1,010,275
 309,149
 ¥ 701,126
 ¥ 617,669
83,457
 ¥ 701,126
  ¥259.10
259.01
  2019
 $45,773
25,835
 19,938
 10,906
91
33
43
 9,134
 32
90
27
 9,102
 2,785
 $ 6,317
 $ 5,565
752
 $ 6,317
  $2
2
  Notes
25 26
26 27 27
9
28 28 29
16
2018
¥5,041,978 2,821,803
2,220,175
1,271,215 12,041 2,801
4,592
962,793
4,035 11,985 305
955,147
293,951
661,196
572,528 88,668
661,196
         ¥
¥
¥
     35
¥235.54
235.45
 64 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
KDDI Corporation and its Subsidiaries For year ended March 31
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be transferred subsequently to profit or loss
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans
Changes measured in fair value of financial assets through other comprehensive income
Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method
Total
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in fair value of cash flow hedge
Translation differences on foreign operations
Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method
Total
Total other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
Owners of the parent Non-controlling interests
Total
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥701,126
(3,451)
(3,219)
(1,267)
 (7,937)
 (106)
(6,620)
(88)
 (6,814)
 (14,751)
 ¥686,375
 ¥604,136
82,238
 ¥686,375
  2019
 $6,317
(31)
(29)
(11)
 (72)
 (1)
(60)
(1)
 (61)
 (133)
 $6,184
 $5,443
741
 $6,184
  Notes
2018
¥661,196
4,132 8,359
(149)
12,342
933 1,515
(25)
2,423
14,766
¥675,961
¥588,324 87,638
¥675,961
  17, 30, 9,
30,
9,
30 32 30
32 30
30
        Notes: 1. Items in the statement above are disclosed net of tax.
2. Income taxes related to each component of other comprehensive income are disclosed in “Note 16. Deferred tax and income taxes.” 3. The notes 1 to 41 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 65

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability
Financial Information
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
KDDI Corporation and its Subsidiaries
As of April 1, 2017
Comprehensive income
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Transactions with owners and other transactions
Cash dividends 24 Transfer of accumulated other compre-
hensive income to retained earnings Purchase and disposal of treasury stock 23 Cancellation of treasury stock 23 Changes due to business combination Changes in interests in subsidiaries
Other
Total transactions with owners and other transactions
As of April 1, 2018
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance Comprehensive income
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income
Transactions with owners and other transactions
Cash dividends
Transfer of accumulated other compre-
hensive income to retained earnings Purchase and disposal of treasury stock Retirement of treasury stock
Changes due to business combination Changes in interests in subsidiaries Other
Total transactions with owners and other transactions
As of March 31, 2019
As of April 1, 2018
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance Comprehensive income
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income
Transactions with owners and other transactions
Cash dividends
Transfer of accumulated other compre-
hensive income to retained earnings Purchase and disposal of treasury stock Retirement of treasury stock
Changes due to business combination Changes in interests in subsidiaries Other
Total transactions with owners and other transactions
As of March 31, 2019
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Millions of yen
Total equity ¥3,849,133
661,196 14,766
   Common Capital Notes stock surplus
¥141,852 ¥298,046
— — — —
— —
— —
— —
— (50)
— (9,074)
— —— — (635) — — 1,291 51
Accumulated other com- prehensive
income
¥ (2,601)
— 15,795
15,795
Non- controlling interests
¥294,710
88,668 (1,030)
Treasury stock
Retained earnings
Total
¥3,554,423
572,528 15,795
588,324
  ¥(237,014) ¥3,354,140
— —
—
—
572,528 —
572,528
87,638 675,961
  (219,701) —
5,012 (5,012) — — (39,635) — — — — — — —
(254,324) (5,012)
(219,701) (47,590) (267,291)
 — (8,467)
(101,239)
— (635) 1,343
(369,043)
5,376 17,924 (503)
(24,794)
— (150,000) 48,709
— — (150,050) — ——
— (150,050) —
5,376 17,289 839
(393,837)
   ¥141,852
 ¥289,578
 ¥(338,254)
 ¥3,672,344
 ¥ 8,183
 ¥3,773,703
 ¥357,554
 ¥4,131,257
—
—
—
187,468
—
187,468
29,302
216,770
141,852
289,578
(338,254)
3,859,812
8,183
3,961,171
386,856
4,348,027
—
—
—
617,669
—
617,669
83,457
701,126
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (13,533)
 (13,533)
 (1,219)
 (14,751)
  —
 —
 —
 617,669
 (13,533)
 604,136
 82,238
 686,375
 24
—
—
—
(227,937)
—
(227,937)
(34,277)
(262,214)
—
—
—
(2,176)
2,176
—
—
—
23
—
(94)
(150,000)
—
—
(150,094)
—
(150,094)
23
—
—
103,235
(103,235)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
3,324
3,324
—
(4,802)
—
—
—
(4,802)
(8,701)
(13,503)
 —
 (274)
 1,291
 —
 —
 1,017
 —
 1,017
 —
(5,169)
(45,474)
(333,348)
2,176
(381,816)
(39,655)
(421,470)
   ¥141,852
  ¥284,409
  ¥(383,728)
  ¥4,144,133
  ¥ (3,174)
  ¥4,183,492
  ¥429,440
  ¥4,612,932
       Millions of U.S. dollars
  Equity attributable to owners of the parent
 Common Notes stock
Capital surplus
Treasury stock
Retained earnings
Accumulated other com- prehensive
income
Total
Non- controlling interests
Total equity
   $1,278
 $2,609
 $(3,048)
 $33,087
 $ 74
 $34,000
 $3,221
 $37,222
—
—
—
1,689
—
1,689
264
1,953
1,278
2,609
(3,048)
34,776
74
35,689
3,486
39,175
—
—
—
5,565
—
5,565
752
6,317
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (122)
 (122)
 (11)
 (133)
  —
 —
 —
 5,565
 (122)
 5,443
 741
 6,184
 24
—
—
—
(2,054)
—
(2,054)
(309)
(2,363)
—
—
—
(20)
20
—
—
—
23
—
(1)
(1,351)
—
—
(1,352)
—
(1,352)
23
—
—
930
(930)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
30
30
—
(43)
—
—
—
(43)
(78)
(122)
 —
 (2)
 12
 —
 —
 9
 —
 9
 —
(47)
(410)
(3,003)
20
(3,440)
(357)
(3,797)
   $1,278
  $2,562
  $(3,457)
  $37,338
  $(29)
  $37,693
  $3,869
  $41,562
       Note: The notes 1 to 41 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 66 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
KDDI Corporation and its Subsidiaries For year ended March 31
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit for the period before income tax
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Share of (profit) loss of investments accounted for using
the equity method
Loss (gain) on sales of non-current assets Interest and dividends income
Interest expenses
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables (Increase) decrease in inventories
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liabilities Other
Cash generated from operations
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Income tax paid
Income tax refund
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchases of intangible assets
Purchases of other financial assets
Proceeds from sales/redemption of other financial assets Acquisitions of control over subsidiaries
Purchases of stocks of associates
Proceeds from sales of stocks of subsidiaries and associates Other
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) of short-term borrowings Proceeds from issuance of bonds and long-term borrowings Payments from redemption of bonds and repayments of
long-term borrowings
Repayments of lease obligations
Payments from purchase of subsidiaries’ equity from
non-controlling interests
Proceeds from stock issuance to non-controlling interests Payments from purchase of treasury stock
Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests Purchase of debt instruments (Note 1)
Other
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥1,010,275
562,402
2,737
(4,780)
538
(3,571)
8,694
(271,723)
23,008
(1,544)
1,346
(6,326)
 1,321,055
 6,375
(9,106)
(290,689)
1,971
 1,029,607
 (399,531)
848
(202,607)
(13,191)
1,767
(13,274)
(83,799)
(1,507)
(3,285)
 (714,578)
 (10,274)
456,000
(302,151)
(28,616)
(14,191)
159
(150,000)
(227,700)
(34,177)
—
(0)
 (310,951)
 (314)
 3,763
 200,834
 ¥ 204,597
  2019
 $ 9,102
5,067
25
(43)
5
(32)
78
(2,448)
207
(14)
12
(57)
 11,902
 57
(82)
(2,619)
18
 9,277
 (3,600)
8
(1,825)
(119)
16
(120)
(755)
(14)
(30)
 (6,438)
 (93)
4,108
(2,722)
(258)
(128)
1
(1,351)
(2,052)
(308)
—
(0)
 (2,802)
 (3)
 34
 1,809
 $ 1,843
  Notes
6, 7 8
9
28 28
2018
955,147 546,815 13,069
(4,592) 149
(3,527) 9,701
(219,125) 44,914
(12,185) (9,790)
43,064
1,363,639
6,149 (17,048) (302,783)
11,447
1,061,405
(361,102) 1,299
(199,776) (7,002)
2,565 (66,751) (4,688)
1,898 (289)
(633,847)
27,574 95,000
(56,101) (27,210)
(1,158) 22,164
(150,000) (219,885) (48,553) (95,000) (1)
(453,168)
(163)
(25,773)
226,607
¥ 200,834
  ¥
          14,
14,
4
31 31
31 31
23 31
31
31
31
31
  Notes: 1. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, KDDI purchased the beneficiary right to preferred shares issued by a subsidiary of the KDDI Group (These shares are treated as financial liabilities because the issuer has an obligation to deliver cash to holders of preference shares).
2. The notes 1 to 41 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 67

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
KDDI Corporation and its Subsidiaries
1 Reporting Entity
KDDI CORPORATION (“the Company”) was established as a limited company in accordance with Japanese Company Act. The location of the Company is Japan and the registered address of its head- quarter is 2-3-2, Nishishinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan. The Company’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2019 comprise the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (“the Group”) and the Group’s interests in associates
2 Basis of Preparation
(1) Compliance of consolidated financial statements with IFRSs
The Group’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs as prescribed in Article 93 of Ordinance on Consolidated Financial Statements as they satisfy the require- ment of a “specific company” set forth in Article 1-2 of Ordinance on Consolidated Financial Statements.
(2) Basis of measurement
The Group’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis except for the following significant items on the consolidated statement of financial position:
• Derivative assets and derivative liabilities (measured at fair value)
• Financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss
• Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
• Assets and liabilities related to defined benefit plan (measured at
the present value of the defined benefit obligations, net of the fair value of the plan asset)
(3) Presentation currency and unit of currency
The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Japanese yen, which is the currency of the primary economic envi- ronment of the Company’s business activities (“functional currency”), and are rounded to the nearest million yen.
The consolidated financial statements presented herein are expressed in Japanese yen and, solely for the convenience of the readers, have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of ¥110.99=U.S.$1, the approximate exchange rate on March 31, 2019. These translations should not be construed as representations that the Japanese yen amounts actually are, have been or could be readily converted into U.S. dollars at this rate or any other rate.
(4) Use of estimates and judgement
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRSs requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and assumptions are based on the management’s best judgments, through their evaluation of various factors that were considered reasonable as of the period-end, based on historical experience and by collecting available information. By the nature of the estimates or assumptions, however, actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions.
The estimates and assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. The effect of adjusting accounting estimates is recognized in the fis- cal year in which the estimates are adjusted and in the subsequent fiscal years. Estimates that may have a risk of significant adjustment
and joint ventures. The Company is the ultimate parent company of the Group.
The Group’s major business and activities are “Personal Services,” “Life Design Services,” “Business Services” and “Global Services.” For the details, please refer to “(1) Outline of reporting segments” of “5. Segment information.”
of carrying amounts of assets and/or liabilities in the subsequent fis- cal years and the underlying assumptions are as follows:
i. Estimates of useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, finance lease assets
Property, plant and equipment is depreciated primarily using the straight-line method, based on the estimated useful life that reflects the period in which the asset’s future economic benefits are expect- ed to be consumed. The depreciation charge for the period could increase if an item of property, plant and equipment becomes obso- lete or repurposed in the future and the estimated useful life becomes shorter.
Intangible asset with a finite useful life is amortized on a straight- line basis in principle to reflect the pattern in which the asset’s future economic benefits are expected to be consumed by the Group. Estimated useful life of the customer relationships acquired in a busi- ness combination is determined based on the cancellation rate. The intangible assets related to the customer relationships are amortized over the useful life. Should actual sales volumes fail to meet initial projected volumes due to changes in the business environment etc., or should actual useful life in the future be less than the original esti- mate, there is a risk that amortization expenses for the reporting period may increase.
The content related to estimates of useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, finance lease assets are described in “3. Significant accounting policies (5) Property, plant & equipment, (7) Intangible asset and (8) Leases,” “6. Property, plant and equipment” and “7. Goodwill and intangible assets.”
ii. Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets including goodwill
The Group conducts impairment tests to property, plant and equip- ment and intangible assets including goodwill. Calculations of recov- erable amounts used in impairment tests are based on assumptions set using such factors as an asset’s useful life, future cash flows, pre- tax discount rates and long-term growth rates. These assumptions are based on the best estimates and judgments made by manage- ment. However, these assumptions may be affected by changes in uncertain future economic conditions, which may have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements in future periods.
The method for calculating recoverable amounts is described in “3. Significant accounting policies (9) Impairment of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets” and “8. Impairment of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets.”
iii. Evaluation of inventories
Inventories are measured at historical cost. However, when the net realizable value (“NRV”) at the reporting date falls below the cost, inventories are subsequently measured based on NRV, with the dif- ference in value between the cost and NRV, booked as cost of sales. Slow-moving inventories and those outside the normal
      68 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
operating cycle are calculated at NRV that reflects future demand and market trends. The Group may experience substantial losses in cases where NRV drops as a result of deterioration in the market environment against the forecast.
The content and amount related to evaluation of inventories are described in “3. Significant accounting policies (15) Inventories” and “10. Inventories.”
iv. Recoverability of deferred tax assets
In recognizing deferred tax assets, when judging the possibility of the future taxable income, the Group estimates the timing and amount of future taxable income based on the business plan.
The timing when taxable income arises and the amount of such income may be affected by changes in uncertain future economic conditions. If there are differences between the actual amounts and estimated amounts, this may have a material impact on the consoli- dated financial statements in future periods.
The content and amount related to deferred tax assets are described in “3. Significant accounting policies (24) Income taxes” and “16. Deferred tax and income taxes.”
v. Measurement of defined benefit obligations
The Group has in place various post-retirement benefit plans, includ- ing defined benefits plans. The present value of defined benefit obli- gations on each of these plans and the service costs are calculated based on actuarial assumptions. These actuarial assumptions require estimates and judgments on variables, such as discount rates. The Group obtains advice from external pension actuaries with respect to the appropriateness of these actuarial assumptions including these variables.
The actuarial assumptions are determined based on the best esti- mates and judgments made by management. However, there is the possibility that these assumptions may be affected by changes in uncertain future economic conditions, or by the publication or the amendment of related laws, which may have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements in future periods.
These actuarial assumptions are described in “3. Significant accounting policies (16) Employee benefits” and “17. Employee benefits.”
vi. Collectability of trade and other receivables
The Group has estimated the collectability of trade and other receiv- ables based on the credit risk. Fluctuations in credit risk of customer receivables may have a significant effect on the amounts recognized the allowance for receivables on the consolidated financial state- ments in future periods.
The content and amount related to collectability of trade and other receivables are described in “3. Significant accounting policies
(12) Impairment of financial assets” and “32. Financial Instruments.”
vii. Valuation technique of financial assets at fair value without quoted prices in active markets.
The Group has used valuation techniques to utilize the inputs unob- servable in the market when assessing the fair value of certain finan- cial instruments. Unobservable input may be affected by changes in uncertain future economic conditions, which may have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements in future periods if it becomes necessary to review.
The content and amount related to fair value of financial assets are described in “3. Significant accounting policies (11) Financial instruments and (13) Derivatives and hedge accounting” and “33. Fair value of financial instruments.”
viii. Provisions
The Group recognizes provisions, including asset retirement obliga- tions and provisions for point program, in the consolidated state- ment of financial position. These provisions are recognized based on the best estimates of the expenditures required to settle the obliga- tions, taking into account risks and uncertainty related to the
obligations as of the current year end date. Expenditures necessary for settling the obligations are calculated by taking all possible future results into account; however, they may be affected by unexpected events or changes in conditions which may have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements in future periods.
The nature and amount of recognized provisions are stated in “3. Significant accounting policies (17) Provisions” and “33. Provisions.”
(5) Application of new standards and interpretations
The Group applies the new standards and interpretations listed below from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
• IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
• IFRIC 22 “Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance
Consideration”
Application of IFRS 15
The Group has applied the following standard from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
IFRS Newly established contents
The Group has applied IFRS 15 in accordance with the transition elections available, and therefore retrospectively recognized the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of April 1, 2018.
In accordance with IFRS 15, excluding such as interest and divi- dend recognized in accordance with IFRS 9, insurance revenues recognized in accordance with IFRS 4 and lease revenues recog- nized in accordance with IAS 17, revenues are recognized upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the Group expect to be enti- tled in exchange for those goods or services based on the following five step approach:
Step 1: Identify the contracts with customers
Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract
Step 3: Determine the transaction price
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obliga-
tions in the contract
Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a per-
formance obligation
We recognize the incremental costs for obtaining contracts with
customers and the costs incurred in fulfilling a contract with a cus- tomer as an asset if those costs are expected to be recoverable. The incremental costs for obtaining contracts are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.
Depending on the business model applied, the new standards affect the following issues in particular.
- In the case where the Group sells mobile handsets to customers and simultaneously enters into communications service contracts with the customers, accounting might change as a result of com- bination of contracts and allocating the transaction prices to per- formance obligations.
- Under IFRS 15, expenses for sales commissions are capitalized and recognized over the estimated customer retention period. On first-time application of the standard, both total assets and equity increase due to the capitalization of contract assets.
- Deferral, i.e., later recognition of revenue in cases where “materi- al rights” are granted, such as offering additional discounts for future purchases of further products.
   IFRS 15
  Revenue from contracts with customers
(Newly established in May 2014)
  New standard for accounting procedure and presentation regarding revenue recognition.
 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 69

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
A reconciliation of the adjustments from the application of IFRS 15 relative to IAS 18 on relevant financial statement line items in the Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is as follows.
 IAS 18 carrying amount March 31, 2018
Goodwill ¥526,601
Millions of yen
Retained earnings effect April 1, 2018
¥ (5,633) (73,425) 275,984
—
— (26,768) 46,612
—
— (29,302)
Millions of U.S. dollar
Retained earnings effect April 1, 2018
$ (51) (662) 2,487
—
— (241) 420
—
— (264)
IFRS 15 carrying amount April 1, 2018
¥520,967 32,625 360,851 9,119 105,021 107,066 197,043 6,404 177,553 386,856
IFRS 15 carrying amount April 1, 2018
$4,694 294 3,251 82 946 965 1,775 —58 — 1,600 3,221 — 264 3,486
Reclassification
Remeasurements
 Deferred tax assets Contract costs
Other non-current assets Other current assets Deferred tax liabilities Contract liabilities
Other non-current liabilities Other current liabilities Non-controlling interests
106,050 — 65,477 133,531 80,298 — 129,679 297,932 357,554
IAS 18 carrying amount March 31, 2018
¥ — ¥(5,633) — (73,425)
84,868 (56,358) (28,510)
— 243,655 (123,275)
(120,379) —
Reclassification
275,984 — — 26,768
(46,612) — — 29,302
Remeasurements
—
   Goodwill $4,745
Deferred tax assets Contract costs
Other non-current assets Other current assets Deferred tax liabilities Contract liabilities
Other non-current liabilities Other current liabilities Non-controlling interests
$— 955 — — 765
$ (51) (662) 2,487
590 (508) 1,203 (257) 723 —
— 241 (420)
— 2,195 1,168 (1,111) 2,684 (1,085)
 The comparison of the application of IFRS 15 relative to IAS 18 on the impacted financial statement line items in Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Financial Position are as follows.
    Consolidated Statement of Income Operating revenue
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income
Profit for the period
Owners of the parent
Non-controlling interests Basic earnings per share (yen) Diluted earnings per share (yen)
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Goodwill
Deferred tax assets Contract costs
Other non-current assets Other current assets Deferred tax liabilities Contract liabilities
Other non-current liabilities Other current liabilities Retained earnings Non-controlling interests
IAS 18 carrying amount
¥5,100,453 2,884,870 2,215,583 1,269,326
957,515 663,718 583,482
80,236 244.76 244.68
545,328 105,834 — 62,367 152,292 72,289 — 125,756 345,583 3,922,478 396,998
Millions of yen
IFRS 15 carrying amount
¥5,080,353 2,867,413 2,212,940 1,210,470 1,013,729
701,126 617,669 83,457 259.10 259.01
539,694 15,227 412,838 10,117 125,162 100,680 193,511 6,746 225,810 4,144,133 429,440
  70 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
  Consolidated Statement of Income Operating revenue
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income
Profit for the period
Owners of the parent
Non-controlling interests Basic earnings per share (yen) Diluted earnings per share (yen)
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Goodwill
Deferred tax assets Contract costs
Other non-current assets Other current assets Deferred tax liabilities Contract liabilities
Other non-current liabilities Other current liabilities Retained earnings Non-controlling interests
(6) Standards not yet adopted
IAS 18 carrying amount
$45,954 25,992 19,962 11,436
8,627 5,980 5,257
723 2 2
4,913 954 — 562 1,372 651 — 1,133 3,114 35,341 3,577
Millions of U.S. dollars
IFRS 15 carrying amount
$45,773 25,835 19,938 10,906
9,134 6,317 5,565
752 2 2
4,863 137 3,720 91 1,128 907 1,743 61 2,035 37,338 3,869
  The following new standards and amendments announced by the approval date of the consolidated financial statements are not mandatory as of March 31, 2019. They have not been early adopted by the Group.
 Standard
IFRS 3
IFRS 9
IFRS 11
IFRS 16
IFRS 17
IFRIC 23
IAS 12
IAS 19
The title of standard
Amendments to IFRS 3 (Business combinations)
Amendments to IFRS 9 (Financial instruments)
on prepayment features with negative compensation
Amendments to IFRS 11 (Joint arrangements)
Leases
Insurance contracts
Uncertainty over income tax treatments
Amendments to IAS 12, (Income taxes)
Amendments to IAS 19, (Employee benefits)
on plan amendment, curtailment or settlement
Mandatory adoption (from the fiscal year beginning)
January 1, 2019
January 1, 2019
January 1, 2019
January 1, 2019
January 1, 2021
January 1, 2019
January 1, 2019
January 1, 2019
To be adopted by the Group from
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2022
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Outline of new standards and amendments
These amendments require that a company remeasures its previously held interest in a joint operation when it obtains control of the business.
These amendments confirm that when a financial liability measured at amor- tised cost is modified without this resulting in de-recognition, a gain or loss should be recognised immediately in profit or loss.
The gain or loss is calculated as the difference between the original contrac- tual cash flows and the modified cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate. This means that the difference cannot be spread over the remain- ing life of the instrument which may be a change in practice from IAS 39.
These amendments require that a company does not remeasure its previously held interest in a joint operation when it obtains joint control of the business.
IFRS 16 describes that revision of current accounting standard for lease and disclosure.
Specifically, IFRS 16 introduces a single lessee accounting model and requires a lessee to recognize its right to use the underlying leased asset and a lease liability representing its obligation to make lease payments for all leas- es with a term of more than 12 months as principal.
IFRS 17 will replace IFRS 4, which currently permits a wide variety of practic- es in accounting for insurance contracts. IFRS 17 will fundamentally change the accounting by all entities that issue insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary participation features.
IFRIC 23 provides guidance how to recognise and measure deferred and current income tax assets and liabilities where there is uncertainty over tax treatment.
These amendments require that a company accounts for all income tax con- sequences of dividend payments in the same way.
These amendments require an entity to:
• use updated assumptions to determine current service cost and net inter-
est for the reminder of the period after a plan amendment, curtailment or
settlement; and
• recognise in profit or loss as part of past service cost, or a gain or loss on
settlement, any reduction in a surplus, even if that surplus was not previ- ously recognised because of the impact of the asset ceiling.
         KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 71

Standard
IAS 23
IAS 28
The title of standard
Amendments to IAS 23, (Borrowing costs)
Amendments to IAS 28 (Investments in associates), on long term interests in associates and joint ventures
Mandatory adoption (from the fiscal year beginning)
January 1, 2019
January 1, 2019
To be adopted by the Group from
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Outline of new standards and amendments
These amendments require that a company treats as part of general borrow- ings any borrowing originally made to develop an asset when the asset is ready for its intended use or sale.
These amendments clarify that companies account for long-term interests in an associate or joint venture to which the equity method is not applied using IFRS 9.
obligations related to operating and financial leases must be record- ed in consolidated financial statements.
The Group will not restate comparative information and plans to recognize the cumulative impact of applying these standards as an adjustment of the retained earnings balance at the beginning of the fiscal year on April 1, 2019.
With the application of these standards to operating and financial leases (mainly those for land and structures for office space and base stations) taken out by the Group, as a result of examining operating lease contracts in accordance with the Standard, the Group expects that right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the ini- tial application date will increase approximately ¥310 billion each. Moreover, KDDI expects the impact on consolidated statement of income to be minor.
(d) Unification of reporting period
The consolidated financial statements include the financial state- ments of subsidiaries whose closing dates are different from that of the Company. For the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, such subsidiaries prepare financial statements based on the provisional accounts as of the Company’s closing date. As for KDDI Summit Global Singapore Pte. LTD, due to the environment encompassing local accounting in the areas where subsidiaries KDDI Summit Global Myanmar Co., Ltd. are located, preliminary results were not obtained by the Company’s closing date for subsid- iary reporting, and reporting periods were not unified. However, due to improvement for financial reporting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the reporting periods are unified.
ii. Associates
Associates are entities over which the Group does not have control but has significant influence over the financial and operating policies through participation in the decision-making of those policies. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity meth- od of accounting. Under the equity method, investment in an asso- ciate is initially recorded at cost and its amount is adjusted to recognize the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other compre- hensive income of the associate from the date on which it has signif- icant influence until the date when it ceases to have the significant influence is lost.
If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amount previ- ously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss, where appropriate. When the Company’s share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its carrying amount of interest in the associate, the Group does not recognize further loss- es, unless it has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.
The Group’s investment in associates includes goodwill recog- nized on acquisition. Accordingly, goodwill is not recognized and not tested for impairment separately. Gross amount of investments in associates is tested for impairment as a single asset. Specifically, the Group evaluates whether there is objective evidence which indi- cates that the investment may be impaired or not on a quarterly basis. When objective evidence that the investments in associates are impaired exists, those investments are tested for impairment.
Our Value
Our Management
Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
        All the standards and amendments above will be reflected to the consolidated financial statements for the relevant fiscal year described above. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the application and estimate is currently not available.
(IFRS 16 “Leases”)
In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16 “Leases.” The Group will apply IFRS 16 from the consolidated fiscal year ending March 31, 2020.
The main change this will have on the Group due to its business model is that IFRS 16 requires that the right to employ a lease asset and the payment obligations for lease-related fees are recognized as right-of-use assets and lease obligations in the consolidated state- ment of financial position. Currently, under IAS 17, payment
3 Significant Accounting Policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the reporting periods present- ed, unless otherwise stated.
(1) Basis of consolidation
i. Subsidiaries
(a) Consolidation of subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. An entity is consolidated as the Group controls it when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date when control is obtained and deconsolidated from the date when control is lost.
Intragroup balances and transactions, and unrealized gain or loss arising from intragroup transactions are eliminated in preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
The accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed to conform to the Group’s accounting policies, when necessary.
(b) Changes in ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a change of control
Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for by the Group as equity transactions. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the proportion acquired of the carrying amount of the subsidiary’s net assets is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non- controlling interests without losing control are also recorded in equity.
(c) Disposal of a subsidiary
When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value on the date when control is lost, with the changes in the carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. The fair value will be the initial carrying amount when the retained interests are subsequently accounted for as associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or lia- bilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.
  72 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Unrealized gains or losses on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the associates. The accounting policies of associates have been changed to conform to the Group’s accounting policies, when necessary.
iii. Joint arrangements
The Group enters into joint arrangements when the Group has joint control of a business or entity.
Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when the decisions about the rele- vant activities that significantly affect the returns of the arrangement require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
For the purpose of accounting, joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures. A joint operation is a joint agreement whereby parties that have joint control of the arrange- ment have rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relat- ing to the arrangement. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.
When a joint arrangement is classified as a joint operation, the Group’s share of the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses in rela- tion to the arrangement are recorded directly in the financial state- ments. On the other hand, when a joint arrangement is classified as a joint venture, net assets related to the arrangement are recorded in the financial statements using the equity method.
(2) Business combination
The Group accounts for business combinations by applying the acquisition method. Consideration transferred to acquire subsidiar- ies is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred by former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. Consideration transferred also includes fair values of any assets or liabilities resulting from a contingent consideration arrange- ment. Each identifiable asset acquired, liability and contingent liability assumed in a business combination is generally measured at its acquisition-date fair value.
Non-controlling interests are identified separately from those of the Group and are measured as the non-controlling shareholders’ proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. For each acquisition, the Group recognizes the acquiree’s non-control- ling interests either at fair value or as the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the amount recognized for acquiree’s identifi- able net assets.
Acquisition-related costs, including finder’s fees, legal, due-diligence and other professional fees, are charged to expense when incurred. Where the aggregate amount of consideration transferred, the
amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acqui- sition-date fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree exceeds the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired, such excess is recorded as goodwill. Where the aggregate amount of consideration transferred, the amount of any non-control- ling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquire is less than the fair value of acquired subsidiary’s net assets, such difference is recognized directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.
If the initial accounting for a business combination is not complete by the end of the reporting period in which the business combina- tion occurs, the Group recognizes in its financial statements provi- sional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Subsequently, the Group retrospectively adjusts the provisional amounts recognized on the date when control is obtained as mea- surement period adjustments to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the date when control is obtained and, if known, would have affected the amounts recognized for the business combination. However, the measure- ment period shall not exceed one year from the date when control
is obtained.
(3) Segment information
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments. The board of directors that makes strategic decisions has been identified by the Group as the chief operating decision-maker.
(4) Foreign currency translation
i. Functional currency and presentation currency
Foreign currency transactions of each group company have been translated into their functional currencies at the exchange rate pre- vailing at the dates of transactions upon preparation of their financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Group are presented in Japanese yen, which is the functional currency of the Company.
ii. Foreign currency transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated at the spot exchange rate of the date of transaction or the rate that approximates such exchange rate. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in for- eign currencies are translated at the exchange rate prevailing at the fiscal year end date. Non-monetary items at fair value denominated in foreign currencies are translated at an exchange rate as of the date when their fair values are measured.
Exchange differences arising from the translation and settlement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized as profit or loss. However, exchange differences aris- ing from the translation of equity instruments measured through other comprehensive income and qualifying cash flow hedges are recognized as other comprehensive income.
iii. Foreign operations
For the purpose of the presentation of the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign opera- tions, including goodwill, identified assets and liabilities, and their fair value adjustments resulting from the acquisition of the foreign opera- tions, are translated into presentation currency at the exchange rate prevailing at the fiscal year end date. Income and expenses of for- eign operations are translated into Japanese yen, the presentation currency, at the average exchange rate for the period, unless the exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period.
Exchange differences arising from translation of foreign opera- tions’ financial statements are recognized as other comprehensive income. In cases of disposition of whole interests of foreign opera- tions, and certain interests involving loss of control or significant influence, exchange differences are accounted for as profit or loss on disposal of foreign operations.
(5) Property, plant and equipment
i. Recognition and measurement
Property, plant and equipment of the Group is measured on a his- torical cost basis and carried at its cost less accumulated deprecia- tion and impairment losses. The acquisition cost includes costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset and the initial esti- mated costs related to disassembly, retirement and site restoration, as well as borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.
In cases where components of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, each component is recorded as a sepa- rate property, plant and equipment item.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is prob- able that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognized as expenses during the financial period in which they are incurred.
    KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 73

Our Value Our Management
Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
ii. Depreciation and useful lives
Property, plant and equipment is depreciated mainly using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of each compo- nent. The depreciable amount is calculated as the cost of an asset less its residual value. Land and construction in progress are not depreciated. In cases where components of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, each component is recorded as a separate property, plant and equipment item.
ii. Depreciation and useful lives
Intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Estimated useful lives of major compo- nents of intangible assets are as follows. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized.
The estimated useful lives of major components of property, and equipment are as follows:
Communication equipment
plant
Software
Customer relationships
Assets related to program supply Others
5 years 4–29 years 22 years 5–20 years
Machinery
Antenna equipment
Toll and local line equipment Other equipment
Buildings and structures Others
9 years 10–21 years 10–21 years 9–27 years 10–38 years 5–22 years
The amortization methods, estimated useful lives are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, and if there are any changes made, those changes are applied prospectively as a change in an accounting estimate.
(8) Lease
i. Assets subject to lease
At the inception of the lease contract, the assessment whether an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease is made based on the substance of the agreement. Assets are subject to lease if the imple- mentation of an agreement depends on use of certain assets or groups of assets, and the right to use the assets is given under such agreement.
ii. Classification of lease
Lease transactions are classified as finance leases whenever all the risks and rewards of ownership of assets are substantially trans- ferred to the Group (lessee). All other leases are classified as operat- ing leases.
iii. Finance lease
In finance lease transactions, leased assets are recognized as an asset in the consolidated statement of financial position at the lower of the fair value of the leased property or the present value of the aggregated minimum lease payments, each determined at the inception of the lease, less accumulated depreciation and impair- ment losses. Lease obligations are recognized as “Other short-term financial liabilities” and “Other long-term financial liabilities” in the consolidated statement of financial position. Lease payments are apportioned between the financial cost and the reduction of the lease obligations based on the effective interest method. Finance cost is recognized in the consolidated statement of income. Assets held under finance leases are depreciated using straight-line method over their estimated useful lives if there is reasonable certainty that the ownership will be transferred by the end of the lease term; other- wise the assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or their estimated useful lives.
iv. Operating lease
In operating lease transactions, lease payments are recognized as an expense using the straight-line method over the lease terms.
(9) Impairment of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Group determines whether there is any indication that carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment and identifiable intangible assets may be impaired. If any indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset or the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs is estimated. For goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, the impairment test is undertaken annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. A cash-generating unit is the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal or value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated
 The depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and residual val- ues are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, and if there are any changes made, those changes are applied prospectively as a change in an accounting estimate.
iii. Derecognition
Property, plant and equipment is derecognized on disposal. The profit or loss arising from the derecognition of an item of property, plant and equipment is included in profit or loss when the item is derecognized.
(6) Goodwill
Goodwill is the excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets of the acquiree on the date of acquisition.
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to each of the CGUs, or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combi- nation. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.
Goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is not amortized. Instead, it is tested for impairment annually and if events or changes in circumstances indicate a poten- tial impairment. For the impairment, please refer to “ (9) Impairment of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets.”
(7) Intangible assets
i. Recognition and measurement
The Group applies the cost method in measuring intangible assets, excluding goodwill. Those assets are carried at its cost less accu- mulated amortization and impairment losses.
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured at cost at ini- tial recognition. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized separately from goodwill and are measured at fair value at the acquisition date when such assets meet the definition of intangible asset and are identifiable, and their fair values can be measured reliably.
Expenditure on research activities to obtain new science technol- ogy or technical knowledge and understanding is recognized as an expense when it is incurred.
Expenditure on development is recognized as intangible asset in the case where the expenditure is able to be measured reliably, product or production process has commercial and technical feasi- bility, the expenditure probably generates future economic benefits, the Group has intention to complete the development and use or sell the asset, and has enough resources for their activities. In other cases, the expenditure is recognized as expense when it is incurred.
   74 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre- tax discount rate that reflects the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
When the impairment test shows that the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impair- ment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit or group of units, and then to the other assets of the unit or group of units pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or group of units. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognized in profit or loss and is not reversed in subsequent periods.
For assets other than goodwill, the Group determines at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication that an impairment loss recognized in prior years has decreased or extin- guished. An impairment loss is reversed when there is an indication that the impairment loss may be reversed and there has been a change in the estimates used to determine an asset’s recoverable amount. When an impairment loss recognized is reversed, carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is increased to its updated estimated recoverable amount. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized, to the extent the increased carrying amount does not exceed the lower of the recoverable amount or the carrying amount (net of depreciation and amortization) that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized as other income.
(10) Non-current assets held for sale or disposal group
An asset or group of assets of which the carrying amount is expect- ed to be recovered primarily through a sales transaction rather than through continuing use is classified into “Assets held for sale.” To qualify for classification as “non-current assets held for sale,” the sale of a non-current asset must be highly probable and it must be available for immediate sale in its present condition. Also, manage- ment must be committed to a plan to sell the asset in which the sale is to be completed within one year from the date of classification.
When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of con- trol of a subsidiary, and the criteria set out above are met, all assets and liabilities of the subsidiary are classified as held for sale, regard- less of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in its former subsidiary after the sale.
Assets held for sale is measured at the lower of its “carrying amount” and “fair value less cost to sell.” Property, plant and equip- ment and intangible assets classified as “assets held for sale” are not depreciated or amortized.
(11) Financial instruments
i. Financial assets
(a) Recognition and measurement of financial assets
The Group recognizes a financial asset when it becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. The Group initially rec- ognizes trade and other receivables on the date of transaction. At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of financial asset not measured at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction cost of a finan- cial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss is recognized as profit or loss.
(b) Classification of non-derivative financial assets
Classification and measurement model of non-derivative financial assets are summarized as follows. The Group classifies financial assets at initial recognition as financial assets measured at amor- tized cost, equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income or financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.
(i) Financial assets measured at amortized cost
A financial asset that meets both the following condition is classified as a financial asset measured at amortized cost.
• The financial asset is held within the Group’s business model
whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual
cash flows.
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and inter- est on the principal amount outstanding.
A financial asset measured at amortized cost is initially recognized at fair value plus transaction cost directly attributable to the asset. After initial recognition, carrying amount of the financial asset mea- sured at amortized cost is determined using the effective interest method, net of impairment loss, if necessary.
(ii) Equity instruments measured at fair value through other com- prehensive income
The Group makes an irrevocable election to recognize changes in fair value of investments in equity instruments through other com- prehensive income, not through profit or loss. A gain or loss from fair value changes will be shown in other comprehensive income and will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.
An equity instrument measured at fair value through other com- prehensive income is recognized initially at fair value plus transaction cost directly attributable to the asset. After initial recognition, the asset is measured at fair value with changes in fair value included as “financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income” in other comprehensive income. Accumulated gains or losses recog- nized through other comprehensive income are directly transferred to retained earnings when equity instrument is derecognized or its fair value substantially decreased.
Dividends are recognized as “finance income” in profit or loss.
(iii) Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
When any of the above-mentioned conditions for classification of financial assets is not met, a financial asset is classified as “at fair value through profit or loss” and measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.
A financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss is rec- ognized initially at fair value and its transaction cost is recognized in profit or loss when incurred. A gain or loss on a financial asset mea- sured at fair value through profit or loss is recognized in profit or loss, and presented in “finance income” or “finance cost” in the consoli- dated statement of income for the reporting period in which it arises.
The Group does not designate any debt instrument as at fair value through profit or loss to remove or significantly reduce an account- ing mismatch.
(c) Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognizes its financial asset if the contractual rights to the cash flows from the investment expire, or the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset. Any interests in transferred financial assets that are created or continuously retained by the Group are recognized as a separate asset or liability.
ii. Non-derivative financial liabilities
(a) Recognition and measurement of financial liabilities
The Group recognizes financial debt when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments. The measure- ment of financial debt is explained in (b) Classification of financial liabilities.
  KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 75

Our Value Our Management
Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
(b) Classification of financial liabilities
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
A financial liability other than those measured at fair value through profit or loss is classified as a financial liability measured at amor- tized cost. A financial liability at amortized cost is initially measured at fair value less transaction cost directly attributable to the issuance of the financial liability. After initial recognition, the financial liability is measured at amortized cost based on the effective interest rate method.
(c) Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Group derecognizes a financial liability when the financial liability is distinguished, i.e. when the contractual obligation is discharged or cancelled or expired.
iii. Presentation of financial assets and liabilities
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is pre- sented in the consolidated statement of financial position only when the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the rec- ognized amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
(12) Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognizes 12-month expected credit loss as provision for doubtful receivables (non-trade receivables) when there is no sig- nificant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition. When there is a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, expect- ed credit losses for such remaining life of the financial assets are recognized as provision for doubtful receivables. Whether credit risk is significantly increased or not is determined based on the changes in default risk. To determine if there is a change in default risk, follow- ing factors are considered. However, the Group always measures provision for trade receivables which do not include any material financial component at an amount equal to lifetime expected
credit losses.
• External credit rating of the financial asset
• Downgrade of internal credit rating
• Operating results, such as decrease in sales, decrease in working
capital, asset deterioration and increase in leverage
• Reduced financial support from the parent company or associated
companies
• Delinquencies (Overdue information
Expected credit losses are measured based on the discounted present value of the differences between the contractual cash flows and the cash flows expected to be received.
(13) Derivatives and hedge accounting
Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value as on the date on which the derivative contracts are entered into. After initial recogni- tion, derivatives are remeasured at fair value at the end of each reporting period.
The Group utilizes derivatives consisting of exchange contracts and interest swaps to reduce foreign currency risk and interest rate risk etc.
The method of recognizing the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
The Group designates derivatives as cash flow hedge (hedges to the exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a par- ticular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction).
At the inception of the transaction, the Group documents the rela- tionship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with their risk management objectives and strategies to con- duct various hedge transactions.
At the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group assess whether the derivative used in hedging transaction is highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item.
Specially, when the Group assess whether the hedge relationship is effective, the Group assess whether all of the following require- ments are met:
(i) There is an economic relationship between the hedged item
and the hedging instrument
(ii) The effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes
that result from that economic relationship;
(iii) The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that
resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the entity actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
Hedge effectiveness is assessed on an ongoing basis and about whether the hedging criteria described above are met.
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognized in other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion is recognized in profit or loss. Cumulative profit or loss recognized through other comprehensive income is transferred to profit or loss on the same period that the cash flows of hedged items affects profit or loss.
If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, an entity should adjust the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship so that it meets the qualifying criteria again (rebalancing).
After rebalancing, in cases where no longer meet the require- ments of hedge accounting or hedging instruments are expired, sold, terminated or exercised, hedge accounting will be discontinued.
In the case that the hedge accounting is discontinued, the cumu- lative profit or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recog- nized in other comprehensive income when the hedge was effective will remain in other comprehensive income until the forecast transac- tion occurs. When forecast transactions are no longer expected to arise, accumulated amount of profits or losses recorded in equity is transferred to profit or loss.
Aggregated fair values of hedging instrument derivatives whose maturities are over 12 months are classified as non-current assets or liabilities, and those whose maturities are less than 12 months are classified as current assets or liabilities.
(14) Cash and cash equivalents
In the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equiva- lents consist of cash, demand deposits and short-term investments with maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to cash and subject to insignificant risk of change in value and bank overdrafts. In the consolidated statement of financial position, bank overdrafts are shown within in current liabilities.
(15) Inventories
Inventories mainly consist of mobile handsets and materials / work in progress related to construction.
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost is generally calculated using the moving average method and comprise all costs of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordi- nary course of business less any estimated cost to sell.
    76 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
(16) Employee benefits
i. Defined benefit plans
The Group primarily adopts defined benefit plans.
The asset or liability recognized on the consolidated statement of
financial position in relation to the defined benefit pension plans (defined benefit asset or liability) is the present value of the defined benefit obligation less fair value of the plan assets at the end of the reporting period. The defined benefit obligation is determined annu- ally by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The discount rates are on the basis of the market yields of high- quality corporate bonds at the end of the reporting period, that are denominated in the currency in which the benefit will be paid, which is corresponding to estimated timing and amount of future benefits are to be paid.
Defined benefit cost includes service cost, net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset), and remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability (asset). Service cost and net interest are rec- ognized in profit or loss. Net interest is determined using the dis- count rate described above. The remeasurements comprise actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest). Actuarial gains and losses are rec- ognized immediately in other comprehensive income when incurred, and past service costs are recognized as profit or loss.
The Group recognizes remeasurements of all the net defined ben- efit liability (asset) resulting from its defined benefit plans in other comprehensive income and reclassifies them immediately to retained earnings.
ii. Defined contribution plans
Certain subsidiaries of the Group adopt defined contribution plans. Contribution to the defined contribution plans are recognized as expenses for the period over which employees provide services.
In addition, certain subsidiaries of the Group participate in multi- employer pension plans, and recognize the payments made during the fiscal year as profit or loss and contribution payable as a liability.
iii. Short-term employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are measured at the amounts expect- ed to be paid when the liabilities are settled and recognized as an expense. Bonus and paid annual leave accruals are recognized as a liability in the amount estimated to be paid under these plans, when the Group has legal or constructive obligations to pay them and reli- able estimates of the obligation can be made.
(17) Provisions
Provisions are recognized when the Group has legal or constructive obligations as a result of past events, it is probable that outflows of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligations, and reli- able estimates of the obligation can be made. To determine the amount of a provision, the estimated future cash flows are discount- ed using a pretax discount rate that reflects the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability where necessary. Unwinding of the discount over time is recognized in finance cost.
(18) Share-based payment
i. Stock options
The Group has equity-settled stock option plans as incentive plans for its directors and employees. Stock options are measured at fair value at the grant date, which is calculated using the Black-Scholes or other models.
The fair value of stock options at the grant date is recognized as an expense over the vesting period, based on the estimated number of stock options that are expected to vest, with corresponding amount recognized as increase in equity.
ii. Executive compensation BIP trust and stock-granting ESOP trust
The Group has introduced the executive compensation BIP (Board Incentive Plan) trust and a stock-granting ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Plan) trust. These plans are accounted for as equity-set- tled share based payment and the shares of the Company held by the trust are included in treasury stock. The fair value of the shares of the Company at the grant date is recognized as expenses over the period from the grant date to the vesting date, with a corre- sponding increase in capital surplus. The fair value of the shares of the Company granted is determined by adjusting the market value, taking into account the expected dividend yield of the shares.
(19) Equity
i. Common stock
Common stocks are classified as equity. Proceeds from the Company’s issuance of common stocks are included in common stock and capital surplus and its direct issue costs are deducted from capital surplus.
ii. Treasury stock
When the Group acquires treasury stocks, the consideration paid, net of direct transaction costs and tax, is recognized as a deduction from equity. When the Group sells treasury stocks, differences between the carrying amount and the consideration received upon sale are recognized as capital surplus.
(20) Revenue
i. Mobile telecommunications services
The Group generates revenue mainly from its mobile telecommuni- cations services and sale of mobile handsets. The Group enters into mobile telecommunications service agreements directly with cus- tomers or indirectly through distributors, and also sells mobile hand- sets to its distributors.
Revenue from the mobile telecommunications services primarily consists of basic monthly charges and communication fees (“the mobile telecommunication service fees”), and commission fees such as activation fees. The mobile telecommunication service fees and commission fees such as activation fees are recognized on a flat rate basis and on a measured rate basis when the services are pro- vided to the customers, whereupon the performance obligation is fulfilled. Discounts of communication charges are deducted from the mobile telecommunications service fees on a monthly basis.
Furthermore, the consideration for transactions related to revenue from mobile telecommunications services is received between the billing date and approximately one month thereafter.
Revenue from the sale of mobile handsets comprises proceeds from the sale of mobile handsets and accessories to customers or distributors.
The business flows of the above transactions consist of “Indirect sales,” wherein the Company sells mobile handsets to distributors and enters into communications service contracts with customers through those distributors, and “Direct sales,” wherein the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company sell mobile handsets to customers and enter into communications service contracts directly with the customers. Revenue in each case is recognized as described below.
Revenue from the sale of mobile handsets is received within approximately one month following the sale to the distributor or other vendor.
     KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 77

Our Value Our Management
Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
(a) Indirect sales
As the distributor has the primary obligation and inventory risk for the mobile handsets, the Group sells to the distributors, the Group considers distributors as the principals in each transaction. Revenue from the sale of mobile handsets is recognized when mobile hand- sets are delivered to distributors, which is when control over the mobile handsets is transferred to the distributor and the perfor- mance obligation is fulfilled. Certain commission fees paid to distrib- utors are deducted from revenue from the sale of mobile handsets.
(b) Direct sales
In direct sales transactions, revenue from the sale of mobile hand- sets and revenue from service fees, including mobile telecommuni- cations service fees, are considered to be bundled. Therefore, contracts that are concluded for a bundled transaction are treated as a single contract for accounting purposes. The total amount of the transaction allocated to revenue from the sale of mobile hand- sets and mobile telecommunications service fees is based on the proportion of each component’s independent sales value. The amount allocated to mobile handset sales is recognized as revenue at the time of sale, which is when the performance obligation is determined to have been fulfilled. The amount allocated to mobile telecommunications service fees is recognized as revenue when the service is provided to the customer, which is when the performance obligation is determined to have been fulfilled.
In both direct and indirect sales, activation fees and handset model exchange fees are deferred as contract liabilities upon enter- ing into the contract. They are not recognized as a separate perfor- mance obligation, but combined with mobile telecommunications services. They are recognized as revenue over the period when material renewal options exist.
The consideration of these transactions is received in advance, when the contract is signed.
Points granted to customers through the customer loyalty pro- gram are allocated to transaction prices based on the independent sales values of benefits to be exchanged based on the estimated point utilization rate, which reflects points that will expire due to future cancellation or other factors. The points are recognized as revenue when the customers utilize those points and take control of the goods or services, which is when the performance obligation is considered fulfilled.
ii. Fixed-line telecommunications services (including the CATV business)
Revenue from fixed-line telecommunications services primarily con- sists of revenues from voice communications, data transmission, FTTH services, CATV services and related installation fees.
The above revenue, excluding installation fee revenue, is recorded when the service is provided, fulfilling the performance obligation. Installation fee revenue is recognized over the estimated average contract period based on the percentage remaining.
The consideration for these transactions is received between the billing date and approximately the following month.
iii. Value-added services
Revenue from content services mainly comprises revenue from infor- mation fees, revenue arising from payment agency services, revenue through advertising businesses, agency fees on content services, and revenue from the energy business, etc. Revenue from informa- tion fees is the revenue from membership fees for the content pro- vided to customers on websites that the Group operates or that the Group jointly operates with other entities. Revenue arising from pay- ment agency services comprises the revenue from fees for collecting the receivables of content providers from customers as the agent of content providers together with the telecommunication fees. Electric power revenue is the revenue generated from electric power retail services. These revenues are recognized as the service is delivered based on the nature of each contract.
The Group may act as an agent in a transaction. To report reve- nue from such transactions, the Group determines whether it should
present the gross amount of the consideration received from cus- tomers, or the net amount of the consideration received from cus- tomers less payments paid to a third party. The Group evaluates whether the Group has the primary obligation for providing the goods and services under the arrangement or contract, the invento- ry risk, latitude in establishing prices, and the credit risk. However, the presentation being on a gross basis or a net basis does not impact profit for the year.
The Group considers itself to be an agent for payment agency services, advertisement services and certain content services described above because it earns only commission income based on pre-determined rates, does not have the authority to set prices and solely provides a platform for its customers to perform content- related services. The Group thus does not control the service before control is transferred to the customer. Therefore, revenue from these services is presented on a net basis.
The consideration for these transactions is received within approximately one to three months after the performance obligation has been fulfilled.
iv. Global services
Global services mainly comprise solution services, data center ser- vices and mobile telephone services.
Revenue from data center services comprise the service charges the Group receives for using space, electricity, networks or other amenities at its self-operated data centers in locations around the world. In general, contracts cover more than one year, and revenue is recognized for the period over which the services are provided.
The consideration for these transactions is basically billed before the performance obligation is fulfilled and is received approximately one month after billing.
Revenue from mobile telephone services comprises revenue from mobile handsets and mobile telecommunication services. Revenue from the sale of mobile handsets is recognized at the time of sale of the handsets, when the performance obligation is determined to have been fulfilled. Revenue from mobile telecommunication services is recognized at the time the services are provided to the customer, when the performance obligation is determined to have been fulfilled.
v. Solution services
Revenue from solution services primarily consists of revenues from equipment sales, engineering and management services (“the solu- tion service income”). The solution service income is recognized based on the consideration received from the customers when the goods or the services are provided to the customers and the perfor- mance obligation is fulfilled.
Payment for any performance obligation is received between the billing date and approximately one month later.
(21) Finance income and costs
Finance income mainly comprises interest income, dividend income, exchange gains and changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment (shareholders’ right) is established.
Finance costs mainly comprise interest expense, exchange losses and changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Interest expense is recognized using the effective inter- est method.
(22) Other non-operating profit and loss
Other non-operating profit and loss includes gain and loss on invest- ment activities. Specifically, gain and loss on step acquisitions, gain and loss on sales of stocks of subsidiaries and associates and gain and loss on deemed disposal are included.
  78 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
(23) Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition and construc- tion of a qualifying asset, which takes a substantial period of time before it is ready for its intended use or sale, are capitalized as part of the cost of such asset. All other borrowing costs are recognized as expenses in the period they incurred.
(24) Income taxes
Income taxes are composed of current and deferred taxes and rec- ognized in profit or loss, except for taxes related to items that are recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.
Current tax is measured at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the taxation authorities on the current year’s taxable income, plus adjustments to the amount paid in prior years. To determine the current tax amount, the Group uses the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the fiscal year in the countries in which the Group operates and earns taxable income or losses.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are, using asset and liability method, recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities on the consolidated financial state- ments and their tax basis, and tax loss carryforwards and tax cred- its. However, no deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized on following temporary differences:
• Taxable temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of
goodwill;
• Temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of assets
and liabilities related to transactions other than business combina- tion, that affects neither the accounting profit nor the taxable profit (loss); and
• Taxable temporary differences associated with investments in sub- sidiaries and associates, where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are recognized on all deductible temporary differences, unused tax loss carryforwards and tax credits to the
4 Business Combinations
ENERES Co., Ltd.
i. Overview of business combination
On December 27, 2018, the Company acquired additional shares in ENERES Co., Ltd. (“ENERES”) through a public tender. As a result, ENERES and its consolidated subsidiaries became the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries on the same date.
ii. Main objectives of business combination
Through this business combination, KDDI aims to realize a three- way alliance centering on ENERES and including KDDI and Electric Power Development Co., Ltd., which possess a wealth of knowl- edge about the electric power business. We will swiftly respond to changes in the business environment leveraging each company’s strengths. By spurring innovation to create business opportunities, we aim to enhance the corporate value of ENERES and expand the Group’s electric power business.
extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences etc. can be utilized. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized on taxable temporary differenc- es. Carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to realize all or part of the benefit of the deferred tax assets.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the temporary differ- ences will reverse, based on tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of reporting period.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and income taxes are levied by the same taxa- tion authority on the same taxable entity.
(25) Dividends
For the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, dividends to owners of the parent company are recognized as a liability for the period over which the dividends are approved by the owners of the parent company.
(26) Earnings per share
The Group discloses basic and diluted earnings per share (attribut- able to owners of the parent) related to common stock.
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to common stockholders of the parent by the weighted average number of common stocks outstanding during the reporting period, adjusted for the number of treasury stocks acquired.
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, net profit attributable to owners of the parent and the weighted average num- ber of common stocks outstanding, adjusted for the number of trea- sury stocks, are further adjusted based on the assumption that all dilutive potential common stocks are fully converted. Potential com- mon stocks of the Group are related to BIP trust and ESOP trust.
iii. Name and business description of the acquire (as of March 31, 2019)
      Company Name
Establishment Date
Head Office
President and name
Description of Business
Paid-in Capital
ENERES Co., Ltd.
April, 2008
2-5-1 Kanda Surugadai, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo Prefecture
Representative Director and President, Masahiro Kobayashi
Corporate customer services (energy agent services) New energy supplier services (wholesale power trade and supply-and-demand management servic- es for retail power suppliers)
2,893 million yen
      iv. The proportion of acquired equity interest with voting rights
Share of voting rights held just before the acquisition: Share of additional voting rights acquired on
the combination date:
Share of voting rights after the acquisition:
v. Acquisition date
December 27, 2018
29.73%
20.40% 50.13%
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 79

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
vi. Consideration transferred and its components
As of acquisition date December 27, 2018
Fair value of equity held prior to acquisition Cash payment
Total consideration transferred
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥10,151
6,966
 ¥17,117
  2019
 $ 91
63
 $154
      A
  ¥254 million (U.S.$2 million) of acquisition-related costs for the business combination is recognized as selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
vii. Fair value of assets and liabilities, non-controlling interests and goodwill on the acquisition date
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
  ¥ 5,330
3,948
1,377
468
 11,123
 18,967
3,073
1,877
 23,918
 ¥35,041
 ¥ 1,224
644
1,460
 3,328
 6,508
16,581
2,512
 25,601
 ¥28,929
 ¥ 6,111
 3,194
¥14,199
  2019
  $ 48
36
12
4
 100
 171
28
17
 215
 $316
 $ 11
6
13
 30
 59
149
23
 231
 $261
 $ 55
 29
$128
  As of acquisition date December 27, 2018 Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment (Note 1) Intangible assets (Note 1)
Other long-term financial assets
Other non-current assets
Total non-current assets Current assets
Trade and other receivables (Note 2) Cash and cash equivalents
Other current assets
Total non-current assets Total assets
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable Other long-term financial liabilities Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities Current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable Trade and other payables Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities Total liabilities
Net assets
Non-controlling interests (Note 3)
Goodwill (Note 4)
B C
A – (B–C)
                            Regarding this business combination, we conducted provisional treatment because the allocation of the acquisition cost was not deter- mined in the consolidated third quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. However, following the determination of the allocation in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the amount of goodwill on the acquisition date decreased ¥1,094 million (U.S.$10 million). This was due to increases in intangible assets, deferred tax liabilities and non-controlling interests of ¥3,146 million (U.S.$28 million), ¥963 million (U.S.$9 mil- lion) and ¥1,089 million (U.S.$10 million), respectively.
Notes: 1. The analysis of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
The main components of property, plant and equipment are equipment and property.
The main components of intangible assets are customer related assets, trademarks and software.
2. Estimation of fair values of acquired receivables, contractual amounts receivables and amounts not expected to be collected
As for the fair value of ¥18,967 million (U.S.$171 million) of acquired receivables and other receivables, the total amount of contracts is ¥18,967 million (U.S.$171 million) and the estimate of the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected at the acquisition date is none.
3. Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests are measured by multiplying the net assets of the acquiree that can be identified on the acquisition date by the ratio of non- controlling interests after the business combination.
4. Goodwill
Goodwill reflects excess earning power expected from the collective human resources related to the future business development and its synergy with the existing businesses. There is no item deductible from the taxable income related to the recognized goodwill.
80 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
viii. Consideration for expenditures due to the acquisition of control over the subsidiary
As of acquisition date December 27, 2018
Cash consideration transferred
Cash and cash equivalents held by the acquiree at the acquisition of control Cash payment for the acquisition of control over the subsidiary
ix. Gain on step acquisitions
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥(6,966)
 3,073
 ¥(3,893)
  2019
 $(63)
 28
 $(35)
      The equity in ENERES that KDDI held prior to the acquisition date was remeasured at the fair value on the acquisition date. As a result, we recognized a gain on step acquisitions of ¥2,999 million (U.S.$27 million) due to the business combination. This income is recorded as other non-operating profit and loss in the consolidated statement of income.
x. Revenue and loss for the year of the acquiree
Revenue and loss for the year of the acquiree after the acquisition date, which are recorded on the consolidated statement of income for the year ended March 31, 2019 are ¥22,972 million (U.S.$207 million) and ¥206 million (U.S.$2 million), respectively.
xi. Consolidated revenue and consolidated profit for the year assuming that the business combination was completed at the begin- ning of the fiscal year (Pro forma information)
Revenue and profit for the quarter in pro forma information (unaudited) related to the consolidated results, assuming that the acquisition of control by business combination was effective on April 1, 2018, are ¥5,131,610 million (U.S.$46,235 million) and ¥701,387 million (U.S.$6,319 million), respectively.
 5 Segment Information
(1) Outline of reporting segments
The reporting segments of the Group are units of the Group of which separate financial information is available, and which are peri- odically monitored for the board of directors to determine the alloca- tion of the business resource and evaluate the performance results.
The Group has four reportable segments: Personal Services seg- ment, Value Services segment, Business Services segment and Global Services segment. The Group’s reportable segments are the same as its business segments. Also, the name of segment of “Value” is changed to “Life Design” from fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 due to the changes in organization of the company as of April 1, 2019.
“Personal” provides services for individual customers in Japan. These include mobile communications services, device sales such as smartphones and tablets, FTTH services, and CATV services, as well as non-telecommunications services including product sales, energy services and education services.
“Value” includes the commerce business, financing business, set- tlement services, and contents services such as video, music, and information distribution.
“Business” provides services for corporate customers in Japan. These include mobile and fixed-line communications services and device sales, as well as the solutions business, such as network, application, and cloud services.
“Global” provides services for customers overseas. These include mobile communications services for individual customers and ICT solution services for corporate customers, such as data centers.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the reporting segment for the business operations of the consolidated subsidiary KDDI Evolva Inc. was transferred from “Others” to “Business.” This change reflects that KDDI Evolva Inc.’s core business process
outsourcing (BPO) business and dispatch business are being expanded targeting corporate customers. The KDDI Group aims to further expand its solutions business for corporate customers and bolster its competitive edge by realizing mutual customer referrals leveraging its customer base.
Accordingly, the segment information for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 has been presented based on the segment classifi- cation after this change.
In addition, beginning in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, the four reporting segments of Personal Services, Life Design Services, Business Services, and Global Services will be reorganized into the two reporting segments of Personal
Services and Business Services based on their management approach, consolidating them based on the allocation of manage- ment resources and their performance evaluations.
* ENERES Co., Ltd. be made into consolidated subsidiary of the Company from the equity-method affiliate company in December 2018.
(2) Calculation method of revenue, income or loss, assets and other items by reporting segment
Accounting treatment of reported business segments is consistent with “Note 3. Significant accounting policies.”
Income of the reporting segments is based on the operating income.
Inter segment transaction price is determined by taking in to con- sideration the price by arm’s length transactions or gross costs after price negotiation.
Assets and liabilities are not allocated to reporting segments.
  KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 81

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability
Financial Information
(3) Information related to the amount of revenue, income or loss and other items by reporting segment
 The Group’s segment information is as follows: For the year ended March 31, 2018
  Reporting segment
Millions of yen
Amounts on the consolidated financial statements
 Personal
Life design
¥402,873 118,863
521,736
104,045
21,859 988
553
Business
¥591,053 158,918
749,971
84,467
46,189 963
601
Global
¥220,499 28,203
248,702
31,907
11,674 40
90
Subtotal
¥5,007,705 412,308
5,420,013
953,351
548,206 13,066
2,471
Other (Note 1)
¥ 34,273 71,000
105,273
10,224
1,374 3
2,121
Total
¥5,041,978 483,308
5,525,286
963,575
549,580 13,069
4,592
Adjustment (Note 2)
 Revenue
 Revenue from externalcustomers ¥3,793,280
¥ — ¥5,041,978
Inter-segment revenue or transfers
Total
Segment income
Finance income and finance cost (Net)
Other non-operating profit and loss
Profit for the year before income tax
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Share of profit of investment accounted for using the equity method
106,325
3,899,605
732,931
468,485 11,075
1,227
(483,308)
(483,308)
(782)
(2,971) —
—
—
5,041,978
962,793
(7,950) 305 955,147
546,609 13,069
4,592
    ¥
  Notes: 1. “Other” does not constitute reporting segments, and includes construction and maintenance of facilities, call center, and leading-edge technology.
research and development of
2. Adjustment of segment income shows the elimination of inter-segment transactions. For the year ended March 31, 2019
  Reporting segment
Millions of yen
Amounts on the consolidated financial statements
 Personal
Life design
Business
Global (Note 3)
Subtotal
Other (Note 1)
Total
Adjustment (Note 2)
                   ¥3,805,937
¥447,209
¥618,557
¥181,175
¥5,052,878
¥27,475
¥5,080,353
¥—
¥5,080,353
105,292
132,165
178,306
27,615
443,378
71,705
515,082
(515,082)
—
 3,911,229
 579,374
 796,863
 208,790
 5,496,255
 99,180
 5,595,435
 (515,082)
 5,080,353
 756,298
  112,832
  103,992
  34,368
  1,007,489
  7,041
  1,014,530
  (801)
  1,013,729
 (6,430)
2,975
 ¥1,010,275
 482,341
24,500
45,271
12,120
564,232
1,435
565,667
(3,385)
562,282
305
1
291
2,141
2,737
—
2,737
—
2,737
135
 1,908
 608
 68
 2,718
 2,061
 4,780
 —
 4,780
   Revenue
Revenue from external customers
Inter-segment revenue or transfers
Total Segment income
Finance income and finance cost (Net)
Other non-operating profit and loss
Profit for the year before income tax
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Share of profit of investment accounted for using the equity method
     82 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Notes: 1. “Other” does not constitute reporting segments, and includes construction and maintenance of facilities, call center, and research and development of leading-edge technology.
2. Adjustment of segment income shows the elimination of inter-segment transactions.
3. As for KDDI Summit Global Singapore Pte. Ltd., due to the environment encompassing local accounting in the areas where subsidiaries KDDI Summit
Global Myanmar Co., Ltd. are located, preliminary results were not obtained by the Company’s closing date for subsidiary reporting, and reporting peri- ods were not unified. However, due to improvement for financial reporting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the reporting periods are unified.
Millions of U.S. dollars
  Reporting segment
Amounts on the consolidated financial statements
 Personal
Life design
Business
Global (Note 3)
Subtotal
Other (Note 1)
Total
Adjustment (Note 2)
                   $34,291
$4,029
$5,573
$1,632
$45,526
$248
$45,773
$—
$45,773
949
1,191
1,607
249
3,995
646
4,641
(4,641)
—
 35,239
 5,220
 7,180
 1,881
 49,520
 894
 50,414
 (4,641)
 45,773
 6,814
  1,017
  937
  310
  9,077
  63
  9,141
  (7)
  9,134
 (58)
27
 $ 9,102
 4,346
221
408
109
5,084
13
5,097
(30)
5,066
3
0
3
19
25
—
25
—
25
1
 17
 5
 1
 24
 19
 43
 —
 43
   Revenue
Revenue from external customers
Inter-segment revenue or transfers
Total Segment income
Finance income and finance cost (Net)
Other non-operating profit and loss
Profit for the year before income tax
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Share of profit of investment accounted for using the equity method
     Notes: 1. “Other” does not constitute reporting segments, and includes construction and maintenance of facilities, call center, and research and development of leading-edge technology.
2. Adjustment of segment income shows the elimination of inter-segment transactions.
3. As for KDDI Summit Global Singapore Pte. Ltd., due to the environment encompassing local accounting in the areas where subsidiaries KDDI Summit
Global Myanmar Co., Ltd. are located, preliminary results were not obtained by the Company’s
(4) Information by product and service
Information by product and service is described in “Note 25. Revenue.”
(5) Information by region i. Revenue
Description is omitted as the revenue from external customers in Japan accounts for most of the revenue on the consolidated statement of income.
ii. Non-current assets (excluding financial assets, deferred income tax assets and retirement benefit assets)
Description is omitted as Non-current assets located in Japan accounts for most of such assets on the consolidated statement of financial position.
(6) Information by major customer
Description is omitted as the revenue from a specific external customer is less than 10% of the revenue on the consolidated statement of income.
   KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 83

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
 6 Property, Plant and Equipment
(1) Movements of property, plant and equipment
Movements of acquisition costs, accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss of the property, plant and equipment are as follows: Acquisition costs
   Communication equipment
As of April 1, 2017 ¥4,735,152
Acquisition 48,474
Buildings and structures
¥604,203
3,127 16,649 3,437
Construction in Land progress
¥276,142 ¥158,309
329 358,146 1,751 (328,000) 1,455 —
(75) (7,869) 391 566 (746) (3,360)
279,246 177,792
Construction in Land progress
$2,516 $1,602
Other
¥532,785
9,665 51,470 253
(43,723) 2,562 (983)
552,028
Millions of yen
Total
¥6,306,590
419,742 — 5,145
(158,009) 4,400 (4,132)
6,573,735
  Transfer from construction in progress Acquisition by business combination Disposal
Exchange differences
258,131 —
(1,070) Other 502
1,952 455
611,653
Buildings and structures
$5,511
(88,173) (18,169)
 As of March 31, 2018
Acquisition
Transfer from construction in progress Acquisition by business combination Disposal
Exchange differences
Other
As of March 31, 2019
As of April 1, 2018
Acquisition
Transfer from construction in progress Acquisition by business combination Disposal
Exchange differences
Other
4,953,016
Communication equipment
$44,626
Millions of U.S. dollars
  69,726
 3,557
 438
 415,879
 15,021
 504,621
281,513
14,361
1,767
(358,286)
60,644
—
—
2,093
966
—
4,148
7,207
(92,285)
(7,683)
(378)
(2,190)
(19,221)
(121,756)
(670)
(1,269)
(263)
(146)
(1,139)
(3,488)
(538)
 (1,539)
 58
 (1,698)
 378
 (3,340)
 ¥5,210,763
 ¥621,173
 ¥281,833
 ¥231,351
 ¥611,858
 ¥6,956,979
      Other
$4,974
Total
$59,228
Millions of yen
Total
¥(3,878,145)
(369,015) 122,491 (11,856)
(15)
(4,136,539)
   628
 32
 4
 3,747
 135
 4,547
2,536
129
16
(3,228)
546
—
—
19
9
—
37
65
(831)
(69)
(3)
(20)
(173)
(1,097)
(6)
(11)
(2)
(1)
(10)
(31)
(5)
 (14)
 1
 (15)
 3
 (30)
 $46,948
 $5,597
 $2,539
 $2,084
 $5,513
 $62,681
   As of March 31, 2019
Accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
    As of April 1, 2017
Depreciation Disposal
Impairment loss Exchange differences
As of March 31, 2018 Depreciation Disposal
Impairment loss Exchange differences
As of March 31, 2019
Communication equipment
¥(3,191,523)
(295,008) 65,096 (10,644) 739
(3,431,340)
Buildings and structures
¥(365,761)
(20,097) 15,769 (646) 150
(370,586)
Construction in Land progress
¥(4,084) ¥ (691)
— — 0 — — (399) — (0)
(4,083) (1,090)
Other
¥(316,086)
(53,910) 41,626 (166)
(903)
(329,439)
    (298,256)
 (22,346)
 —
 —
 (56,882)
 (377,484)
79,500
6,556
1
—
17,377
103,435
(532)
(110)
—
(49)
(34)
(725)
242
 (87)
 —
 0
 361
 516
 ¥(3,650,387)
 ¥(386,574)
 ¥(4,082)
 ¥(1,139)
 ¥(368,617)
 ¥(4,410,798)
    84 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Millions of U.S. dollars
   As of April 1, 2018 Depreciation Disposal
Impairment loss Exchange differences
As of March 31, 2019
Communication equipment
$(30,916)
Buildings and structures
$(3,339)
Construction in Land progress
$(37) $(10)
Other
$(2,968)
Total
$(37,269)
  (2,687)
 (201)
 —
 —
 (512)
 (3,401)
716
59
0
—
157
932
(5)
(1)
—
0
0
(7)
2
 (1)
 —
 0
 3
 5
 $(32,889)
 $(3,483)
 $(37)
 $(10)
 $(3,321)
 $(39,740)
    Note: The depreciation of the property, plant and equipment is included in “cost of sales” and “selling, general and administrative expenses” in consolidated state- ment of financial positions.
The carrying amounts of the property, plant and equipment are as follows: Carrying amount
   As of April 1, 2017
As of March 31, 2018 As of March 31, 2019
As of March 31, 2019
Communication equipment
¥1,543,629
¥1,521,676
Communication equipment
Buildings and structures
¥238,441
¥241,067
Buildings and structures
Construction in Land progress
¥272,058 ¥157,618
¥275,163 ¥176,701
Construction in Land progress
Other
¥216,699
¥222,589
Millions of yen
Total
¥2,428,445
¥2,437,196
   ¥1,560,377
  ¥234,600
  ¥277,752
  ¥230,211
  ¥243,241
  ¥2,546,181
   Millions of U.S. dollars
 Other
Total
  $14,059
  $2,114
  $2,502
  $2,074
  $2,192
  $22,941
   (2) Property, plant and equipment rented under finance lease
 The carrying amount of finance lease assets included in property, plant and equipment (less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss) is as follows:
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥68,078
 7,968
 ¥76,046
  2019
 $613
 72
 $685
  As of March 31
In-home customer premises equipment
Other
Total
(3) Property, plant and equipment pledged as collateral
2018
¥69,629
7,562
¥77,191
     For the amount of property, plant and equipment pledged as collateral for liabilities including borrowings, please refer to “Note 15. Borrowings and bonds payable.”
(4) Property, plant and equipment with limited ownership
There is no property, plant and equipment with limited ownership.
(5) Property, plant and equipment under construction
Expenditures included in the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment under construction are presented as construction in progress in the table above.
(6) Capitalization of borrowing costs
There are no significant borrowing costs included in the acquisition costs of the property, plant and equipment for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019.
   KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 85

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets
(1) Movements of goodwill and intangible assets
The movements of the acquisition costs, accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss of the intangible assets are as follows: Acquisition costs
   Goodwill
¥481,377
Individual acquisition
Acquisition by business combination
Disposal (228) Exchange differences (338) Other (1,760)
Software
¥659,517
114,152 111 (70,408)
(212) (597)
702,563
Customer related
¥311,543
— 9,002 — — —
320,545
Program supply related
¥36,363
— — — — —
36,363
Intangible assets
Other
¥652,873
78,289
17,146 (29,138) (252) (5,790)
713,129
Millions of yen
Total
¥2,141,673
192,441 78,068 (99,774)
(802) (8,147)
2,303,458
 As of April 1, 2017
 As of March 31, 2018
Decrease by changes in accounting policies
Individual acquisition
Acquisition by business combination Disposal
Exchange differences
Other
As of March 31, 2019
As of April 1, 2018
Decrease by changes in accounting policies
Individual acquisition
Acquisition by business combination Disposal
Exchange differences
Other
As of March 31, 2019
Accumulated amortization and impairment
As of April 1, 2017
Amortization Impairment loss Disposal and sales Exchange differences
As of March 31, 2018 Amortization Impairment loss Disposal and sales Exchange differences
As of March 31, 2019
530,860
— 51,809
   (5,633)
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (5,633)
—
111,126
—
—
77,720
188,847
23,925
389
3,146
—
303
27,764
(6,401)
(74,296)
—
—
(39,896)
(120,593)
(409)
(217)
—
—
(136)
(762)
(3)
 (153)
 —
 —
 (10,738)
 (10,894)
 ¥542,339
 ¥739,412
 ¥323,691
 ¥36,363
 ¥740,381
 ¥2,382,187
    Millions of U.S. dollars
  Goodwill
$4,783
Software
$6,330
Customer related
$2,888
Program supply related
$328
Intangible assets
Other
$6,425
Total
$20,754
   (51)
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (51)
—
1,001
—
—
700
1,701
216
4
28
—
3
250
(58)
(669)
—
—
(359)
(1,087)
(4)
(2)
—
—
(1)
(7)
0
 (1)
 —
 —
 (97)
 (98)
 $4,886
 $6,662
 $2,916
 $328
 $6,671
 $21,463
      Goodwill
¥(3,504)
— (956) —
200
(4,259)
Software
¥(386,945)
(103,497) (232) 67,902
115
(422,657)
Program supply related
¥(6,611)
(1,653)
— (24) (1,213) — 27,884 95,786 — 275 591
Customer related
¥(47,577)
(19,226) — — —
Intangible assets
Other
¥(296,685)
Millions of yen
Total
¥(741,322)
  (53,217)
(177,594)
 (66,804) (8,264)
(321,767)
(823,752)
  —
 (108,197)
 (20,607)
 (1,653)
 (54,341)
 (184,798)
(1,964)
(39)
—
—
(8)
(2,011)
3,578
72,770
—
—
38,240
114,588
—
 119
 —
 —
 199
 318
 ¥(2,645)
 ¥(458,004)
 ¥(87,441)
 ¥(9,917)
 ¥(337,678)
 ¥(895,655)
    86 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Millions of U.S. dollars
   As of April 1, 2018 Amortization Impairment loss Disposal and sales Exchange differences
As of March 31, 2019
Goodwill Software
$(38) $(3,808)
Customer related
$(602)
Program supply related
$(74)
Intangible assets
Other
$(2,899)
Total
$(7,422)
  —
 (975)
 (186)
 (15)
 (490)
 (1,665)
(18)
(0)
—
—
(0)
(18)
32
656
—
—
345
1,032
—
 1
 —
 —
 2
 3
 $(24)
 $(4,127)
 $(788)
 $(89)
 $(3,042)
 $(8,070)
    Note: The amortization of intangible assets is included in “cost of sales” and “selling, general and administrative expenses” in Consolidated Statement of financial positions.
The carrying amounts of goodwill and intangible assets are as follows: Carrying amount
   As of April 1, 2017
As of March 31, 2018 As of March 31, 2019
As of March 31, 2019
Goodwill
¥477,873
¥526,601
Goodwill
Software
¥272,572
¥279,905
Software
Customer related
¥263,965
¥253,741
Customer related
Program supply related
¥29,752
¥28,099
Program supply related
Intangible assets
Other
¥356,188
¥391,361
Millions of yen
Total
¥1,400,351
¥1,479,707
   ¥539,694
  ¥281,408
  ¥236,280
  ¥26,446
  ¥402,703
  ¥1,486,532
   Millions of U.S. dollars
Intangible assets
Other Total
    $4,863
  $2,535
  $2,129
  $238
  $3,628
  $13,393
   (2) Total expenditures related to research and development expensed during the period
 Research and development costs expensed as selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 are ¥20,132 million (U.S.$181 million) and ¥23,728 million (U.S.$214 million).
(3) Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives described above as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 are ¥63,379 million (U.S. $571 million).
The details of intangible assets are trademark rights that were acquired through business combinations. As these trademark rights exist as
long as businesses are continued, useful lives of these intangible assets are assumed to be indefinite.
8 Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
(1) Recognition of impairment loss
The Group recognized impairment loss of ¥13,069 million (U.S.$118 million) and ¥2,737 million (U.S.$25 million) for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 respectively. The Group mainly recognized impairment loss for the assets and asset groups listed below. In addition, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the impact on the consolidated financial statements was insignificant and therefore omitted.
   For the year ended March 31, 2018
Location
Communication facilities, and idle assets (Tokyo other)
Use
Mainly, telecommunications business
Class
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars Impairment loss
$90
     Machinery, Local line facilities
and other ¥10,008
  Due to declining revenue, the future recovery of investments in certain services was determined to be unlikely and the book value was reduced to the recoverable amount. This resulted in recognition of an impairment loss of ¥10,008 million (U.S.$90 million). The impairment loss was recorded as cost of sales in the consolidated statement of income and recorded mainly in personal segment. The impairment loss consists of ¥9,641 million (U.S.$87 million) for machinery and ¥367 million (U.S.$3 million) for others.
The recoverable amount of these assets was estimated at their value in use, with future cash flows discounted at a rate of 6.20% and at the estimated period of 2 years.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 87

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
(2) Impairment test of cash generating units including goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
The Group tests for impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives at least annually, and whenever there is an indica- tion of impairment.
The total carrying amounts of the goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives allocated to cash generating units or cash gener- ating unit groups are as follows:
 Goodwill
Cash generating unit or cash generating unit group
As of March 31
Jupiter telecommunication Co., Ltd. CATV business Jupiter Shop Channel Co., Ltd.
AEON HD ENERES Co., Ltd. BIGLOBE Inc. Other
Total
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
Cash generating unit or cash generating unit group As of March 31
BIGLOBE Inc.
Jupiter Shop Channel Co., Ltd.
AEON HD Total
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥280,771
92,577
36,860
14,199
14,072
101,216
 ¥539,694
  2019
 $2,530
834
332
128
127
912
 $4,863
  2018 ¥280,771 92,577 37,014 — 19,705 96,533 ¥526,601
2018 ¥26,374 19,859 17,146 ¥63,379
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
         2019
 ¥26,374
19,859
17,146
 ¥63,379
  2019
 $238
179
154
 $571
        The recoverable amount of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives allocated to cash generating units or group of cash generating units is calculated using value in use.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows arisen from cash generating units or group of cash generating units are discount- ed to their present value. When the Group calculates the future cash flows and discount future cash flows, growth rates on different types of forecasted revenue and forecasted change to corresponding major cost such as cost of sales and pre-tax discount rates are used as signifi- cant factors.
Forecast of cash flows used as a basis to estimate future cash flows is based on the recent business plan approved by the management, and the forecast is 5 years. After 5 years, certain growth rate of profit before tax after consideration of a long-term average growth rate for the market is used.
The growth rates of estimated profit before tax in projection period which are used to calculate value in use of cash generating units are as follows.
Cash generating unit or cash generating unit group
As of March 31 2018
Jupiter telecommunication Co., Ltd.
CATV business 0.7%
Jupiter Shop Channel Co., Ltd. 0.0% AEON HD 0.0% ENERES Co., Ltd. — BIGLOBE Inc. 0.0% Other 0.0–14.9%
The growth rates used in estimated cash flows of each cash generating unit or group of cash generating units reflect the status of the coun- try and the industry to which the CGU belongs, and does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the market.
The pre-tax discount rates which are used to calculate value in use of cash generating units or cash generating units group to which good- will and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives is allocated are as follows.
Cash generating unit or cash generating unit group
As of March 31 2018
Jupiter telecommunication Co., Ltd.
CATV business 4.8%
Jupiter Shop Channel Co., Ltd. 5.3%
   2019
 0.7%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0–9.4%
         2019
 5.2%
5.6%
3.8%
7.9%
4.5%
2.3%–22.2%
    AEON HD ENERES Co., Ltd. BIGLOBE Inc. Other
88 KDDI CORPORATION
5.5% — 3.6% 1.9%–23.2%
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Although goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives have a risk of impairment when major assumptions used for impairment test change, the Group has determined that a significant impairment loss is not probable in the cash generating units or cash generating unit group regardless of the reasonable change of the growth rate and/or discount rate used for impairment test.
 9 Investments Accounted for Using the Equity Method (1) The carrying amounts of Investments accounted for using the equity method
As of March 31
Interests in associates Interests in joint ventures
Total
(2) Summarized financial information of associates and joint ventures
i. Associates
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
    2019
 ¥139,713
34,287
 ¥174,000
  2019
 $1,259
309
 $1,568
  2018 ¥64,165 34,027 ¥98,192
       Profit for the year, other comprehensive income and comprehensive income of associates accounted for using the equity method are as follows. As of and for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, there is not individually significant associate accounted for using the equity method.
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥3,690
(524)
 ¥3,166
  2019
 $33
(5)
 $29
  For the year ended March 31 2018 Profit for the year ¥3,926 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 68 Total comprehensive income for the year ¥3,993
ii. Joint ventures
      Profit for the year, other comprehensive income and comprehensive income of joint ventures accounted for using the equity method is as follows. As of and for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, there is not individually significant joint venture accounted for using the equity method.
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥1,090
(830)
 ¥ 260
  2019
 $10
(7)
 $2
  For the year ended March 31 2018 Profit for the year ¥666 Other comprehensive income, net of tax (241) Total comprehensive income for the year ¥425
10 Inventories
(1) The analysis of inventories
The analysis of inventories is as follows:
As of March 31 2018 Finished goods and manufactured goods ¥87,564 Work in progress 1,133 Other 511
Total ¥89,207
There is no inventory to be sold after more than 12 months from March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
(2) Write down of the inventories expensed during the period
Write down of the inventories expensed during the period is as follows:
For the year ended March 31 2018 Write down of the inventories expensed (Note) ¥8,681 Note: Write down is recognized as costs of sales.
(3) Inventories pledged as collateral
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
           2019
 ¥87,751
2,119
718
 ¥90,588
  2019
 $791
19
6
 $816
            2019
 ¥5,709
  2019
 $51
       There are no inventories pledged as collateral.
KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 89

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
 11 Trade and Other Receivables The analysis of trade and other receivables is as follows:
As of March 31 Current
Trade receivables
Accounts receivable—trade and notes receivable
Account receivable—other (Note) Loss allowance
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥1,894,889
91,417
(20,751)
 ¥1,965,554
  2019
 $17,073
824
(187)
 $17,709
  2018
¥1,648,337 67,339 (20,273) ¥1,695,403
    Total
Note: Accounts receivable-other is mainly consisted of the receivable related to payment agency service.
  The amounts of trade and other receivables expected to be recovered after more than twelve months from March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively are ¥349,233 million (U.S.$3,147 million) and ¥531,323 million (U.S.$4,787 million).
The amount of the trade and other receivables on the consolidated statement of financial position is presented less loss allowance.
 12 Other Financial Assets
The analysis of other financial assets is as follows:
As of March 31
Non-current assets (Other long-term financial assets)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial assets
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Equity instruments
Equities
Financial assets at amortized cost
Debt instruments
Security deposits
Long-term accounts receivables Lease receivables
Other
Loss allowance
Sub total
Current assets (Other short-term financial assets)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial assets
Financial assets at amortized cost Debt instruments
Lease receivables Short-term investment Other
Sub total Total
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥ 150
117,894
44,387
10,556
89,750
392
(10,104)
 253,025
 149
29,832
4,640
7,342
 41,963
 ¥294,989
  2019
 $1
1,062
400
95
809
4
(91)
 2,280
 1
269
42
66
 378
 $2,658
    ¥
2018
301
110,071
41,926 43,715 80,443
3,439 (43,210) 236,684
179
21,569 4,654 3,772
      30,173 ¥266,857
    90 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
 13 Other Assets
The analysis of other non-current assets and other current assets is as follows:
As of March 31
Non-current assets
Long-term prepaid expenses Other
Sub total
Current assets
Prepaid expenses Advance payment Other
Sub total
Total
14 Cash and Cash Equivalents
The analysis of cash and cash equivalents is as follows:
As of March 31
Cash in hand and deposits held at call with banks
Term deposits with original maturities of three months or less
Total
Cash and cash equivalents in consolidated statement of cash flow
15 Borrowings and Bonds Payable
(1) The analysis of borrowings and bonds payable
The analysis of borrowings and bonds payable is as follows:
As of March 31 2018
Non-current
Bonds payable (excluding current portion) ¥ 159,784 Long-term borrowings (excluding current portion) 544,494
Sub total 704,278
Current
Current portion of bonds payable 10,017 Current portion of long-term borrowings 290,542 Short-term borrowings 29,000
Sub total 329,559
Total ¥1,033,837
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥ 8,207
1,909
 10,117
  58,863
11,602
54,697
 125,162
 ¥135,278
  2019
 $ 74
17
 91
  530
105
493
 1,128
 $1,219
  2018
62,460 3,018
65,477
83,924 10,753 38,853
133,531
¥199,008
2018
¥195,019 5,815
¥200,834
¥200,834
 ¥
       Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥199,922
4,675
 ¥204,597
 ¥204,597
  2019
 $1,801
42
 $1,843
 $1,843
        Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Average interest rate (%) (Note)
0.542% 0.469%
—
1.705% 0.406% 0.064%
—
—
  2019
 ¥ 219,491
821,487
 1,040,978
 60,000
58,574
32,000
 150,574
 ¥1,191,553
  2019
 $ 1,978
7,401
 9,379
 541
528
288
 1,357
 $10,736
  Due (Year)
2020–2028 2020–2029
—
— — —
—
—
            Note: Average interest rate represents weighted average interest rate to the ending balance of the borrowings and other debts.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 91

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability
Financial Information
(2) Terms of issuing bonds payable
The summary of terms of issuing bonds payable is as follows:
 Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Interest rate (%)
2.046% per year
1.969% per year
1.573% per year
1.151% per year
0.803% per year
0.669% per year
0.310% per year
0.110% per year
0.250% per year
0.395% per year
0.330% per year
  As of March 31, 2019
 — (—)
 19,999 (19,999)
 39,989 (39,989)
 39,981
 29,940
 29,930
 29,901
 39,901
 29,909
 19,930
 12 (12)
  As of March 31, 2019
 — (—)
 180 (180)
 360 (360)
 360
 270
 270
 269
 360
 269
 180
 0 (0)
  Entity
KDDI Corp.
KDDI Corp.
KDDI Corp.
KDDI Corp.
KDDI Corp.
KDDI Corp.
KDDI Corp.
KDDI Corp.
KDDI Corp.
KDDI Corp.
iret, Inc.
Description
9th series of unsecured notes
15th series of unsecured notes
18th series of unsecured notes
19th series of unsecured notes
20th series of unsecured notes
21st series of unsecured notes
22nd series of unsecured notes
23rd series of unsecured notes
24th series of unsecured notes
25th series of unsecured notes
1st series of unsecured notes
As of March 31, 2018
February 26,
2009 (9,997)
Issuance date
Collateral Due
  9,997
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
December 20, 2018
May 29, 2019
December 20, 2019
June 19, 2020
December 20, 2023
September 20, 2024
July 12, 2028
November 22, 2023
November 21, 2025
November 22, 2028
June 27, 2019
  May 29, 2009
March 4, 2010
September 6, 2010
December 13, 2013
September 10, 2014
July 12, 2018
19,991
39,973
39,964
29,927
29,917
—
            November 22,
2018 —
November 22,
2018 —
November 22,
2018 —
June 27, 31 2016 (19)
        Note: The amounts in ( ) presents the current portion of the bonds payable.
(3) Assets pledged as collateral and secured liabilities
Assets pledged as collateral and secured liabilities are as follows:
 (Consolidated subsidiaries)
Assets set aside as issuance deposits as prescribed in Article 14, Paragraph 1 of Payment Services Act are as
  2019
 ¥3,001
  2019
 $27
  As of March 31 2018
Government bonds ¥3,001
Assets set aside as issuance deposits as prescribed in Article 15 of Payment Services Act are as follows:
follows: Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
    2019
 ¥35,000
  2019
 $315
  As of March 31
Deposit
Assets pledged as collateral are as follows:
As of March 31
Property, plant and equipment
Stocks of subsidiaries and associates (Note) Other short-term financial assets
Total
(of which, assets denominated in foreign currency)
2018
¥—
2018
¥ 75 768 77
¥919 (U.S.$0 million and other)
    2019
 ¥1,138
768
35
 ¥1,940 (U.S.$0 million and other)
  2019
 $10
7
0
 $17
     92 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Obligations underlying to these assets pledged as collateral are as follows:
As of March 31
Accounts payable
Long-term borrowings (Note)
Current portion of long-term borrowings Trade and other payables
Total
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥330
118
122
—
 ¥569
  2019
 $3
1
1
—
 $5
  2018 ¥ — 98 86 1 ¥185
      Note: Stocks of Kagoshima Mega Solar Power Corporation, an affiliate accounted for using the equity method, are pledged as collateral for its borrowings from financial institutions.
The amounts of borrowings as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 are ¥16,820 million (U.S.$152 million) and ¥15,424 million (U.S.$139 million), respectively. These amounts are not included in long-term borrowings in the above table.
Certain subsidiaries of the Group have financed from financial institutions due to acquisitions and others. Except for certain loan agreements on insignificant amount of borrowings, these borrowings are subject to financial covenants such as maintenance of shareholder’s equity, net asset and surplus of profit as prescribed in the terms of each agreement. The amounts of borrowings as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 are ¥397,350 million (U.S.$3,580 million) and ¥457,248 million (U.S.$4,120 million), respectively.
Except for the borrowings above, there is no financial covenant on borrowings and bonds payable which has a significant effect on the Group’s financial activities. For the fair value and amounts by due dates of borrowings and bonds payable, please refer to “Note 32. Financial instruments” and “Note 33. Fair value of financial instruments.”
 16 Deferred Tax and Income Taxes
(1) Movement by major cause of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
The balance of and the movement in recognized deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows: For the year ended March 31, 2018
  Deferred tax assets
Accrued bonuses
Accrued business tax
Write down of inventories Loss allowance
Unrealized gain on inventories Deferred points
Difference of useful life between accounting and tax laws
Disposal loss on fixed assets Impairment loss
Retirement benefit liabilities Accrued expenses Advanced received
Other
Total
Deferred tax liabilities
Retained profits of foreign related companies
Special reserves
Appraisal gain on equity instruments
Difference of depreciation/ amortisation method and useful life between accounting and tax laws
¥
9,959 7,950 5,189 9,980
502 22,208
10,233 5,289 36,788 7,767 4,281 33,101 50,484
¥ 63 ¥ —
¥
(1,930)
— 22
— 12 (427) 146
¥(2,357) ¥1,304
¥— ¥— — — 3,495 —
— — — 7,720 8 526
¥ 3,503 ¥8,246
As of April 1, 2017
Recognized as profit or loss
Recognized directly in equity
Recognized as other comprehen- sive income
Acquisition by business combina- tions
Other (Note)
¥ (16) (39) — (3) (141)
—
3 (1) (0)
436 0 141
(1,123)
¥ (742)
¥ — — (0)
Millions of yen
As of March 31, 2018
 (304) (256) (601) (141)
(5,500)
10,914 (564) (10,992) (2,577) (369) (4,143) (3,151)
¥(17,621)
— — — — —
— — — — — — —
¥ —
¥ — — 453
— — —
¥453
75
— ¥ 101 — 270 — 99 — 14 — 0 — —
— 565 — — — —
¥
10,107 7,877 5,032 9,390
220 16,708
21,715 4,724 25,796 3,771 3,934 29,112 45,929
 ¥
Total ¥155,183
Note: “Other” includes exchange differences on foreign operations.
34,627 104,868 Other 8,863
539 (160) 129
(12,518) (5,181) 8,286
— 22,110 — 107,407 83 17,767
¥ 83 ¥158,563
Identifiable intangible assets
¥203,732
¥184,315
¥ 893 421 9,967
 353
581 5,890
¥
¥ (8,905)
  KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 93

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability
Financial Information
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Deferred tax assets
Accrued bonuses
Accrued business tax
Write down of inventories Loss allowance
Unrealized gain on inventories Deferred points
Difference of useful life between accounting and tax laws
Disposal loss on fixed assets Impairment loss
Retirement benefit liabilities Accrued expenses Advanced received
Contract liabilities Other
Total
Deferred tax liabilities
Retained profits of foreign related companies
Special reserves
Appraisal gain on equity instruments
Difference of depreciation/ amortisation method and useful life between accounting and tax laws
Identifiable intangible assets Contract costs
Other
Total
As of April 1, 2018
Impact by changes in accounting
policies
Recognized as profit or loss
Recognized directly in equity
Recognized as other comprehen- sive income
Acquisition by business combina- tions
Other (Note)
Millions of yen
As of March 31, 2019
          ¥ 10,107
¥—
¥3
¥—
¥—
¥—
¥1
¥ 10,111
7,877
—
476
—
—
5
31
8,389
5,032
—
(248)
—
—
—
47
4,831
9,390
—
(300)
—
—
—
1
9,091
220
—
(91)
—
—
—
—
130
16,708
—
2,494
—
—
—
0
19,203
21,715
—
742
—
—
2
418
22,876
4,724
—
(2,166)
—
—
—
1
2,559
25,796
—
(5,661)
—
—
—
(13)
20,122
3,771
—
(1,831)
—
1,569
—
684
4,194
3,934
—
1,655
—
—
0
183
5,773
29,112
(29,112)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
41,446
65,076
—
—
—
(66)
106,457
45,929
 —
 8,098
 13
 70
 3
 20
 54,133
 ¥184,315
¥ 12,334
¥68,248
¥13
¥ 1,639
¥ 10
¥1,307
¥267,867
        ¥ 893
¥—
¥ 859
¥—
¥—
¥—
¥—
¥ 1,752
421
—
(109)
—
—
—
69
381
9,967
—
(394)
—
(1,436)
—
(330)
7,807
22,110
—
(7,806)
—
—
—
103
14,406
107,407
—
(5,312)
—
—
933
—
103,028
—
112,527
81,775
—
—
—
(151)
194,151
17,767
 —
 13,051
 —
 23
 —
 955
 31,796
 ¥158,563
 ¥112,527
 ¥82,065
 ¥—
 ¥(1,413)
 ¥933
 ¥ 646
 ¥353,321
      94 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Deferred tax assets
Accrued bonuses
Accrued business tax
Write down of inventories Loss allowance
Unrealized gain on inventories Deferred points
Difference of useful life between accounting and tax laws
Disposal loss on fixed assets Impairment loss
Retirement benefit liabilities Accrued expenses Advanced received
Contract liabilities Other
Total
Deferred tax liabilities
Retained profits of foreign related companies
Special reserves
Appraisal gain on equity instruments
Difference of depreciation/ amortisation method and useful life between accounting and tax laws
Identifiable intangible assets Contract costs
Other
Millions of U.S. dollars
 As of April 1, 2018
Impact by changes in accounting
policies
Recognized as profit or loss
Recognized directly in equity
Recognized as other comprehen- sive income
Acquisition by business combina- tions
Other (Note)
As of March 31, 2019
         $ 91
$—
$0
$—
$—
$—
$0
$ 91
71
—
4
—
—
0
0
76
45
—
(2)
—
—
—
0
44
85
—
(3)
—
—
—
0
82
2
—
(1)
—
—
—
—
1
151
—
22
—
—
—
0
173
196
—
7
—
—
0
4
206
43
—
(20)
—
—
—
0
23
232
—
(51)
—
—
—
(0)
181
34
—
(16)
—
14
—
6
38
35
—
15
—
—
0
2
52
262
(262)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
373
586
—
—
—
(1)
959
414
 —
 73
 0
 1
 0
 0
 488
 $1,661
$ 111
$615
$0
$ 15
$0
$12
$2,413
        $8
$—
$8
$—
$—
$—
$—
$ 16
4
—
(1)
—
—
—
1
3
90
—
(4)
—
(13)
—
(3)
70
199
—
(70)
—
—
—
1
130
968
—
(48)
—
—
8
—
928
—
1,014
737
—
—
—
(1)
1,749
160
 —
 118
 —
 0
 —
 9
 286
 $1,429
 $1,014
 $739
 $—
 $(13)
 $8
 $6
 $3,183
     Total
Note: “Other” includes exchange differences on foreign operations.
 (2) The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥ 15,227
100,680
 ¥ (85,454)
  2019
 $ 137
907
 $(770)
  As of March 31
Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets, net
2018
¥106,050 80,298
¥ 25,752
   The Group evaluates the recoverability of deferred tax assets at recognition by considering the possibility to utilize a part or all of deductible temporary differences or tax loss carryforwards for future taxable income.
The Group considers the planned reversal of deferred tax liabilities as well as expected future taxable income and tax planning for evaluating the recoverability of deferred tax assets, and recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that future taxable income is expected.
Deferred tax assets for tax losses in certain subsidiaries are ¥8,402 million (U.S.$76 million) and ¥5,027 million (U.S.$45 million), respectively, as of March 31, 2018 and 2019.
All deferred tax assets related to these losses were determined recoverable as taxable income exceeding the tax losses is expected.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 95

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
(3) Deductible temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, unaccompanied by the recogni- tion of deferred tax assets
As a result of evaluating the recoverability of the deferred tax assets above, the Group has not recognized deferred tax assets on certain deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards. The amounts of deductible temporary differences, net operating loss carryfor- wards and tax credit carryforwards, unaccompanied by the recognition of deferred tax assets are as follows:
    2019
 ¥ 8,274
26,077
 ¥34,351
  2019
 $ 75
235
 $309
  As of March 31
Deductible temporary differences Tax loss carryforwards
Total
Expiration of tax loss carryforwards for which deferred tax assets have not been recognized is as follows:
2018 ¥14,228 42,209 ¥56,437
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
         2019
 ¥ 204
—
1,176
514
24,183
 ¥26,077
  2019
 $2
—
11
5
218
 $235
  As of March 31 1st year
2nd year
3rd year
4th year
5th year and thereafter
Total
(4) Income taxes
The analysis of income taxes is as follows:
For the year ended March 31 Current tax expenses
Current tax expenses on the profit for the year
Adjustments in respect of prior years ( ( ): refund)
Previously unrecognized tax loss carryforwards of prior years that is used to reduce current tax expenses
Sub total Deferred tax expenses
Origination and reversal of temporary differences
Impact of change of tax rates
Previously unrecognized tax loss carryforwards of prior years that is used to reduce deferred tax expenses
Review of the collectability of deferred tax assets Sub total
Total
(5) Income taxes recognized in other comprehensive income
2018 ¥ 277 — — 10,156 31,776 ¥42,209
2018
¥296,512 (225)
(11,051) 285,235
9,502 (344)
(167)
(275) 8,716 ¥293,951
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
          2019
 ¥302,349
(276)
(6,742)
 295,332
 15,427
—
(143)
(1,467)
 13,817
 ¥309,149
  2019
 $2,724
(2)
(61)
 2,661
 139
—
(1)
(13)
 124
 $2,785
               Income taxes recognized in other comprehensive income are described in “Note 30. Other comprehensive income.”
(6) Reconciliation of effective tax rates
 Reconciliation of statutory effective tax rates and actual tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 is as follows. The actual tax rate shows the ratio of income taxes incurred by all Group companies to the profit before income tax for the year.
   2019
 31.6%
(0.2%)
0.0%
(0.1%)
(0.5%)
(0.1%)
30.6%
  For the year ended March 31
Statutory income tax rate
Non-taxable dividends received
Impact of tax differences of foreign subsidiaries Tax credit
Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax loss Other
Average actual tax rate to incur
2018 31.6% (0.3%) 0.0%
(0.2%) (0.6%) 0.3%
30.8%
    96 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
 17 Employee Benefits
The Group operates defined benefit pension plans and lump-sum retirement plans (unfunded) as its defined benefit plans, as well as defined contribution pension plans.
The Group and its certain consolidated subsidiaries adopt point system in their retirement benefit plans, where the amount of bene- fits is calculated based on the accumulated points granted in pro- portion to the employees’ entitlement and wage ranks.
Management, operation and benefit of the assets are mainly controlled by legally independent KDDI Corporate Pension Fund (the “Fund”).
(1) Defined benefit pension plans
i. The amounts on the consolidated statement of financial position
In accordance with Defined Benefit Corporate Pension Act and other laws, the Group is obliged to pay contributions to the Fund which pays pension benefits. Trustee of the Fund is obliged to com- ply with laws, appointments by Minister of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare or Head of Regional Bureau of Health and Welfare, by law of the Fund and resolutions of the board of representatives, as well as to accomplish its duties related to the management and operation of the funded money. It is prohibited for the trustee to harm the appropriate management and operation of the funded money for the interest of itself or a third party other than the Fund.
 The amounts related to the defined benefit pension plans on the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥405,369
10,330
(402,343)
 ¥ 13,356
 ¥ 13,356
 ¥ 13,356
  2019
 $3,652
93
(3,625)
 $ 120
 $ 120
 $ 120
  As of March 31
Present value of the defined benefit obligations (funded) Present value of the defined benefit obligations (unfunded) Fair value of plan assets
Status of the funding
Retirement benefit liabilities Net retirement benefit liabilities
ii. Movement in the defined benefit obligations and plan assets
The movement in the defined benefit obligations is as follows:
For the year ended March 31
The movement in the present value of the defined benefit obligations Opening balance
Current service cost Interest expense
Sub total Remeasurements
Amount from change in financial assumptions
Amount from change in demographic assumptions Benefit payments
Exchange differences
New consolidation
Other Ending balance
2018 ¥389,514 13,489
(390,993) ¥ 12,010
¥ 12,010 ¥ 12,010
2018
¥396,687 15,085 2,105 413,876
(931) 71 (12,710)
(6) 2,539 165 ¥403,003
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
             2019
 ¥403,003
14,850
1,949
 419,803
 9,309
181
(13,567)
(2)
—
(25)
 ¥415,699
  2019
 $3,631
134
18
 3,782
 84
2
(122)
(0)
—
(0)
 $3,745
            KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 97

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
The movement in the plan assets is as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Changes in fair value of the plan assets Opening balance
Interest income Remeasurements
Return on plan assets Benefit payments Contribution to the plans
Contribution from employers New consolidation
Other
Ending balance
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥(390,993)
(2,863)
(4,470)
12,303
(16,357)
—
36
 ¥(402,343)
  2019
 $(3,523)
(26)
(40)
111
(147)
—
0
 $(3,625)
  2018
¥(374,887) (2,331)
(5,493) 11,724
(16,206) (3,753) (47)
¥(390,993)
   The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligations for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 is 17.1 years and 16.9 years, respectively.
iii. Components of plan assets
KDDI Corporate Pension Fund manages its funded money to secure long term return required to cover the benefit of pensions and lump- sum payments over the future. Based on this, our investment policy is to basically analyse the risk/return characteristics by asset and evaluate the correlation among assets in order to invest in a diversi- fied portfolio.
Specifically, it sets policy asset allocation with the efficient combi- nation of various assets including equities and government and
corporate bonds, designs corresponding manager structure, selects managing trustee and invests.
In accordance with the provision of Defined Benefit Corporate Pension Act, bylaw of the Fund requires to recalculate the amount of contributions at least every 5 years with a financial year end as a basis date to maintain balanced finances in the future. It is reviewed, as necessary, if there is a significant change in the circumstances surrounding the Fund.
The fair value of the plan assets as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 consists of the components below:
Millions of yen
Total
2018
¥15,085 2,105 (2,331)
¥14,859
Millions of U.S. dollars
      2019
      2019
  As of March 31
Equities
Debt securities Other (Note)
Total
With quoted prices in active markets
¥ 56,542 189,322 60,906
¥306,770
Without quoted prices in active markets
¥— — 84,223
¥84,223
2018
Total
¥ 56,542 189,322 145,129
¥390,993
With quoted prices in active markets
Without quoted prices in active markets
With quoted prices in active markets
Millions
Without quoted prices in active markets
Total
   ¥ 62,709
 ¥—
 ¥ 62,709
182,584
—
182,584
62,768
 94,283
 157,050
 ¥308,061
 ¥94,283
 ¥402,343
  $ 565
 $—
 $ 565
1,645
—
1,645
566
 849
 1,415
 $2,776
 $849
 $3,625
   Note: Other includes hedge funds, private equities and cash.
iv. The analysis of expenses related to defined benefit plans
The amount of expenses recognized related to defined benefit plans is as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Current service cost Interest expense Interest income
Total
of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥14,850
1,949
(2,863)
 ¥13,937
  2019
 $134
18
(26)
 $126
     The expenses above are included in the “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
v. Actuarial assumptions
Major actuarial assumption at the end of each period is as follows:
As of March 31 2018 Discount rate 0.6%
Other than the component above, actuarial assumptions also include expected salary growth rate, mortality and expected retirement rate.
   2019
 0.6%
      98 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
vi. Sensitivity analysis of actuarial assumptions
The movement in the defined benefit obligations due to changes in discount rates by the ratio below at the end of each period is as follows. This analysis assumes that actuarial assumptions other than those subject to the analysis are constant, but in reality, the movement of other actuarial assumptions may change.
Discount rates
As of March 31
0.5% increase
0.5% decrease
Note: Amounts shown in parentheses represent decrease of defined benefit obligations.
vii. Contributions to the plan assets in the next financial year
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥(28,892)
32,648
  2019
 $(260)
294
  2018 ¥(28,008) 31,635
    The policy of the Group is to contribute the necessary amount to the plan in order to meet the minimum funding requirement, based on relat- ed regulations. The Group estimates the contributions to the plan assets for the year ended March 31, 2019 to be ¥10,007 million (U.S. $90 million).
(2) Defined contribution pension plans
The amount of expenses recognized related to defined contribution pension plans is as follows:
 Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥3,112
  2019
 $28
  For the year ended March 31
Expenses related to defined contribution pension plans
The expenses above are included in the “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
Certain Group subsidiaries participate in a multiemployer plan, Sumisho Rengo Corporation Pension Fund.
Sumisho Rengo Corporation Pension Fund is a fund-type corpo- rate pension established in accordance with Defined Benefit Corporate Pension Act, and co-operated by multiple Sumitomo Shoji Group companies. The certain Group subsidiaries cannot cal- culate the reasonable amount of pension assets corresponding to the amount of their contributions, and therefore the amount of con- tributions is recognized as retirement benefit expenses as defined
(i) Status of funding in the overall plan
For the year ended March 31
Pension assets
Benefit obligations for the purpose of calculating pension financials Difference
Ratio of the funded pension assets
Difference consists of: Surplus
(ii) Ratio of contributions by the Group to the fund
For the year ended March 31
Contributions by the Group
All contributions to the fund
Ratio to the all contributions to the fund
2018 ¥2,691
    contribution pension plans. The expenses on the consolidated statement of income for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 are ¥1,681 million and ¥1,724 million (U.S. $16 million), respectively.
The Group can reduce its costs and practical burden related to administration and finance operation by participating in this fund and reduce a risk to discontinue a pension plan, while the fund is co- operated by multiple companies and the Group cannot necessarily reflect its intent.
The financial position of the fund based on the latest annual report (closed by pension accounting) is as follows. The fund does not accept or succeed other funds, and does not incur benefit obliga- tions by other employers.
   2019
 ¥(40,452)
36,881
 (3,571)
 109.7%
(3,571)
  2019
 $(364)
332
 (32)
 (32)
  2018 ¥(37,224) 33,896 (3,328)
109.8% (3,328)
2018 ¥(1,443) (2,380)
60.6%
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
           2019
 ¥(1,481)
(2,439)
 60.7%
  2019
 $(13)
(22)
         In accordance with the provision of Defined Benefit Corporate Pension Act, bylaw of the Fund requires to recalculate the amount of contribu- tions every 5 years with a financial year end as a basis date to maintain balanced finances in the future. It is reviewed, as necessary, if there is a significant change in the circumstances surrounding the Fund.
(iii) Contributions to the multiemployer plans in the next financial year
The Group estimates the contributions to the multiemployer plans for the year ended March 31, 2019 to be ¥1,724 million yen (U.S. $16 million).
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 99

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
 18 Trade and Other Payables
The analysis of the trade and other payables is as follows:
As of March 31 Current liabilities
Accounts payable (Note) Accounts payable—trade Accrued expenses
Other obligations
Total
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥493,409
146,016
32,033
512
 ¥671,969
  2019
 $4,446
1,316
289
5
 $6,054
  2018
¥435,613 142,758 32,019 336
¥610,726
    Note: Accounts payable is mainly consisted of the payable for capital investments and sale commission.
The amounts of trade and other payables expected to be settled after more than twelve months from the March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively are ¥6,867 million and ¥6,508 million (U.S. $59 million).
 19 Other Financial Liabilities
The analysis of other financial liabilities is as follows:
As of March 31
Non-current liabilities (Other long-term financial liabilities)
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at amortized cost Lease obligations
Long-term account payables (Note)
Sub total
Current liabilities (Other short-term financial liabilities) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial liabilities Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Lease obligations
Sub total
Total
20 Provisions
(1) Movements of provisions Changes in provisions are as follows:
As of April 1, 2017
Increase during the year
Decrease during the year (intended use) Decrease during the year (reversal)
As of March 31, 2018
Increase during the year
Decrease during the year (intended use) Decrease during the year (reversal)
As of March 31,2019 Non-current liabilities Current liabilities
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥ 5,835
57,399
3,258
 66,493
 14
26,759
 26,773
 ¥93,265
  2019
 $ 53
517
29
 599
 0
241
 241
 $840
            Asset retirement obligation
¥ 7,000
4,096 (1,893) (8)
9,194
2018
¥ 5,885
60,096 2,496
68,478
34
24,683
24,717
¥93,195
Provision for customer points
¥23,363
36,921 (31,249) (9)
29,027
Other provisions
¥4,249
— (484) —
3,765
Millions of yen
Total
¥34,612
41,017 (33,626) (17)
41,986
      26,056
 33,963
 —
 60,020
(2,260)
(31,219)
(128)
(33,607)
—
 —
 —
 —
 ¥32,990
¥31,771
¥3,637
¥68,399
 ¥30,358
 ¥—
 ¥3,637
 ¥33,996
2,632
 31,771
 —
 34,403
      100 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
 As of March 31, 2018
Increase during the year
Decrease during the year (intended use) Decrease during the year (reversal)
As of March 31,2019 Non-current liabilities Current liabilities
(2) Components of provisions
The main components of provisions of the Group are as follows:
i. Asset retirement obligation
Asset retirement obligations are recognized by the reasonably esti- mated amount required for the removal of equipment, such as base stations, certain offices, data centers and network centers. The esti- mate is based on the assumption at present and is subject to changes depending on revised future assumptions.
ii. Provision for customer points
The Group has operated points programs, including the au WALLET point program, and grants points to customers of the Group, for the
21 Other Liabilities
The analysis of other liabilities is as follows:
As of March 31 Non-current liabilities
Long-term advances received Other
Sub total Current liabilities
Deposits payable Accrued bonuses Consumption tax payable Advances received
Other
Sub total
Total
22 Share-based Payment (Stock Grant Plans)
The Company has several stock compensation plans (hereafter, the “Plan”) for directors, executive officers, and administrative officers (excluding directors residing overseas, outside directors and part- time directors) that have entered into engagement agreements with the Company (hereafter, “Directors and Other Executives”).
As for the directors, the Company and its certain consolidated subsidiaries have adopted the Board Incentive Plan (BIP). As for the Companies’ senior management, the Company has adopted the Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).
BIP (Board Incentive Plan) is being initiated in order to link com- pensation for Directors and Other Executives with shareholder value and to increase their awareness of contributing to increases in
$ 83
Asset retirement obligation
Provision for customer points
$262
Millions of U.S. dollars
Other provisions Total
$34 $378
   235
 306
 —
 541
(20)
(281)
(1)
(303)
—
 —
 —
 —
 $297
$286
$33
$616
 $274
 $—
 $33
 $306
24
 286
 —
 310
      purpose of sales promotions. In anticipation of the future use of such points by customers, the Group has recorded these points which are mainly granted by using au WALLET prepaid card, apps and product sales services provided by other companies to debt as a provision for customer points. The Group has measured the amounts of provision for customer point at an estimated amount to be used in the future based on historical experience.
There is an inherent uncertainty regarding the extent of usage of such points by customers, and once the points expire, the custom- ers forfeits the right to use them.
iii. Other Provisions
Other provisions include provision for warranties for completed construction.
  Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥—
6,746
6,746
146,821
30,409
24,599
—
23,980
 225,810
 ¥232,556
  2019
 $—
61
61
1,323
274
222
—
216
 2,035
 $2,095
  2018
¥122,022 7,658 129,679
102,976 30,487 21,241
113,395 29,834
297,932
¥427,612
      operating performance and corporate value over the medium to long term. This ESOP Trust is being introduced as an incentive plan to enhance corporate value over the medium to long term by increas- ing awareness among the Company’s managers of operating perfor- mance and stock price.
Under BIP and ESOP, the right (the number) for stock granted is vested based on achievement based of KPI (Key Performance Indicators) annually.
The expenses for the stock grant plans recognized in the consoli- dated statement of operations for the year ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively were ¥1,225 million and ¥1,334 million (U.S. $12 million).
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 101

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
(1) KDDI CORPORATION
For the year ended March 31, 2018
BIP trust
ESOP trust
The number of granted (stock)
131,955
299,002
Fair value of granted date (Note 1)
   Granted date
March 8, 2017
March 8, 2017
(Yen)
¥2,842.03
2,842.03
(U.S. dollar)
$26
26
Vesting conditions
(Note 2)
(Note 2)
      Notes: 1. With respect to stock grants, fair values are measured based on observable market prices. Moreover, the expected dividends are incorporated into the measurement of fair values.
2. Vesting conditions are basically subject to continued service from grant date to vesting date. For the year ended March 31, 2019
The number of granted (stock)
Fair value of granted date (Note 1)
  Granted date
(Yen)
(U.S. dollar)
Vesting conditions (Note 2) (Note 2)
  202,395
 August 1, 2018
 ¥3,027.80
 235,157
  August 1, 2018
  3,027.80
  $27
 27
   BIP trust
ESOP trust
    Notes: 1. With respect to stock grants, fair values are measured based on observable market prices. Moreover, the expected dividends are incorporated into the measurement of fair values.
2. Vesting conditions are basically subject to continued service from grant date to vesting date.
(2) Okinawa Cellular Telephone Company
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, consolidated subsidiary Okinawa Cellular Telephone Company has introduced BIP trust and ESOP trust. The stocks of Okinawa Cellular Telephone Company are granted by the institution.
 For the year ended March 31, 2018
BIP trust
ESOP trust
The number of granted (stock)
2,392
2,913
Fair value of granted date (Note 1)
  Granted date
June 14, 2018
April 25, 2018
(Yen)
¥4,113.81
4,013.83
(U.S. dollar)
$37
36
Vesting conditions
(Note 2)
(Note 2)
      Notes: 1. With respect to stock grants, fair values are measured based on observable market prices. Moreover, the expected dividends are incorporated into the measurement of fair values.
2. Vesting conditions are basically subject to continued service from grant date to vesting date.
23 Common Stock and Other Equity Items
(1) Common stock and capital surplus
The number of authorized stock, outstanding stock, common stock and the balance of capital surplus in each consolidated fiscal year are as follows:
       Balance as of March 31, 2017
Increase and decrease during the period (Note 3)
Balance as of March 31, 2018
Increase and decrease during the period (Note 3)
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Balance as of March 31, 2018
Increase and decrease during the period (Note 3)
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Authorized stock
4,200,000,000
—
4,200,000,000
Authorized stock
4,200,000,000
Shares
Outstanding stock
2,620,494,257
(33,280,732)
2,587,213,525
Shares
Outstanding stock
2,587,213,525
Common stock
¥141,852
—
141,852
Common stock
$1,278
Millions of yen
Capital surplus
¥298,046
(8,467)
289,578
Millions of U.S. dollars
Capital surplus
$2,609
are credited to com-
      —
 (55,209,080)
 4,200,000,000
  2,532,004,445
  —
 (5,169)
 ¥141,852
  ¥284,409
           —
 (55,209,080)
 4,200,000,000
  2,532,004,445
  —
 (47)
 $1,278
  $2,562
     Notes: 1. Common stocks are no par value.
2. Outstanding stocks are fully paid.
3. Decrease in the number of outstanding stock and capital surplus was mainly due to the cancellation of treasury stocks.
Capital surplus consists of the following items.
(i) Capital reserve
The Companies Act of Japan (“the Companies Act”) requires that at least 50% of the proceeds upon issuance of stocks mon stock and the remainder of the proceeds is credited to capital reserve.
102 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
(ii) Other capital surplus
Other capital surplus mainly includes disposal of treasury stock and surplus arising from capital transaction such as merger. Also, since changes in interests in subsidiaries are treated as capital transaction, the goodwill or negative goodwill generated through the transaction is recognized as capital surplus.
(2) Treasury stock
Changes in the number of treasury stock during each consolidated fiscal year are as follows::
Balance as of April 1, 2017
Increase and decrease during the period
Purchase of treasury stock (Note 1) Cancellation of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock (Note 2)
Balance as of March 31, 2018 (Note 3) Increase and decrease during the period
Purchase of treasury stock (Note 1) Cancellation of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock (Note 2)
Balance as of March 31, 2019 (Note 3)
Balance as of March 31, 2018 (Note 3) Increase and decrease during the period
Purchase of treasury stock (Note 1) Cancellation of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock (Note 2)
Balance as of March 31, 2019 (Note 3)
Number of treasury stock (Shares)
162,641,408
52,479,820 (33,280,732) (31,194)
181,809,302
Number of treasury stock (Shares)
181,809,302
Amount (Millions of yen)
¥(237,014)
(150,000) 48,709 51
(338,254)
Amount (Millions of U.S. dollars)
$(3,048)
         55,039,325
(55,209,080)
(685,774)
 180,953,773
  (150,000)
103,235
1,291
 ¥(383,728)
         55,039,325
(55,209,080)
(685,774)
 180,953,773
  (1,351)
930
12
 $(3,457)
    Notes: 1.Of the increase in the number of treasury stock as of March 31, 2018 and 2019, 52,479,700 shares and 55,039,300 shares were mainly due to the pur- chase from the market.
2. Decrease in the number of treasury stock was due to grant to beneficiaries of executive compensation BIP trust and stock grants ESOP trust.
3. In the balance of treasury stock as of March 31, 2018 and 2019, Company’s stocks owned by executive compensation BIP trust and stock grants
ESOP trust are included.
(3) Retained earnings
The Companies Act provides that 10% of the dividend of retained earnings shall be appropriated as legal capital surplus or as legal retained earnings until their aggregate amount equals 25% of common stock. The legal retained earnings may be used to eliminate or reduce a deficit or be transferred to retained earnings upon approval at the general meeting of shareholders.
 (4) Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income
Changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income are as follows:
i. Changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income
 For the year ended March 31, 2018:
Balance as of April 1, 2017
Amount incurred during the year
Reclassified to consolidated statement of income
Transferred to retained earnings
Balance as of March 31, 2018
Translation differences on foreign operations
¥(12,064)
2,404
518 —
¥ (9,141)
Changes measured in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
¥12,460
8,054
— (835)
¥19,679
Changes in fair value Remeasurements of of cash flow hedge benefit pension plan
¥(2,996) ¥ —
(691) 4,177
1,332 — — (4,177)
¥(2,355) ¥ —
Millions of yen
Total
¥ (2,601)
13,945
1,851 (5,012)
¥ 8,183
      Note: Amounts presented above are net of tax. Income taxes related to each component of other comprehensive income are set out in “Note 30. Other compre- hensive income.”
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 103

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability
Financial Information
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Balance as of April 1, 2018
Amount incurred during the year
Reclassified to consolidated statement of income
Transferred to retained earnings Balance as of March 31, 2019
Balance as of April 1, 2018
Amount incurred during the year
Reclassified to consolidated statement of income
Transferred to retained earnings
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Translation differences on foreign operations
Translation differences on foreign operations
Changes measured in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Changes measured in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value Remeasurements of of cash flow hedge benefit pension plan
Millions of yen
Total
Millions of U.S. dollars
Total
   ¥ (9,141)
 ¥19,679
 ¥(2,355)
 ¥—
 ¥ 8,183
 (5,392)
 (4,445)
 (1,022)
 (3,427)
 (14,286)
(388)
—
1,142
—
754
 —
  (1,251)
  —
  3,427
  2,176
 ¥(14,922)
 ¥13,983
 ¥(2,235)
 ¥—
 ¥ (3,174)
       Changes in fair value Remeasurements of of cash flow hedge benefit pension plan
  $ (82)
 $177
 $(21)
 $—
 $ 74
 (49)
 (40)
 (9)
 (31)
 (129)
(3)
—
10
—
7
 —
  (11)
  —
  31
  20
 $(134)
 $126
 $(20)
 $—
 $(29)
      Note: Amounts presented above are net of tax. Income taxes related to each component of other comprehensive income are set out in “Note 30. Other compre- hensive income.”
ii. The analysis of accumulated other comprehensive income
Accumulated other comprehensive income includes following items.
(a) Translation differences on foreign operations
This represents the exchange differences incurred upon consolidation of the foreign operations’ financial statements denominated in foreign currencies.
(b) Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
This represents the valuation differences on fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.
(c) Changes in fair value of cash flow hedge
This represents the effective portion of changes in fair value of derivative transactions designated as cash flow hedge which is used by the Group to avoid the risk of future cash flows fluctuation.
(d) Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plan
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plan are mainly the effects of differences between the actuarial assumptions at the beginning of the year and their actual results, and the effects of changes in actuarial assumptions.
 24 Dividends
Dividends to common shareholders are as follows: (1) Dividends paid
For the year ended March 31, 2018
 Resolution
June 21, 2017
General meeting of shareholders
(Note 1, 2)
November 1, 2017
Board of directors (Note 1, 2)
Type
Common stock Common stock
Aggregate amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
¥110,603 109,096
Dividends per share (Yen)
¥45 45
Record date
March 31, 2017 September 30, 2017
Effective date
June 22, 2017 December 4, 2017
   104 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Resolution
June 20, 2018
General meeting of shareholders
(Note 1, 2)
November 1, 2018
Board of directors (Note 1, 2)
Resolution
June 20, 2018
General meeting of shareholders
(Note 1, 2)
November 1, 2018
Board of directors (Note 1, 2)
Type
Common stock Common stock
Type
Common stock Common stock
Aggregate amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
Aggregate amount of dividends (Millions of U.S. dollars)
Dividends per share (Yen)
Dividends per share (U.S. dollars)
Record date
March 31, 2018 September 30, 2018
Record date
March 31, 2018 September 30, 2018
Effective date
June 21, 2018 December 3, 2018
Effective date
June 21, 2018 December 3, 2018
   ¥108,243
 ¥45
119,624
 50
       $ 975
 $0
1,078
 0
    Notes: 1. Dividends of the Company’s shares owned by executive compensation BIP trust and stock grants ESOP trust are not included in aggregate amount of the dividends above.
2. Other than that above, there are dividends paid by the Company to beneficiaries of executive compensation BIP trust and stock grants ESOP trust in the year ended March 31, 2019.
(2) Dividends whose record date is in the current fiscal year but whose effective date is in the following fiscal year are as follows:
 For the year ended March 31, 2018
Resolution
June 20, 2018
General meeting of shareholders
(Note 1, 2)
Type
Common stock
Aggregate amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
¥108,243
Aggregate amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
Aggregate amount of dividends (Millions of U.S. dollars)
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Source of dividends
Source of dividends
Dividends per share (Yen)
¥45
Dividends per share (Yen)
Dividends per share (Yen)
Record date
March 31, 2018
Record date
March 31, 2019
Record date
March 31, 2019
Effective date
June 21, 2018
Effective date
June 20, 2019
Effective date
June 20, 2019
  For the year ended March 31, 2019
Resolution
June 19, 2019
General meeting of shareholders
(Note 1, 2)
Resolution
June 19, 2019
General meeting of shareholders
(Note 1, 2)
Type
Common stock
Type
Common stock
   ¥129,308
  Retained earnings
   ¥55
       $1,165
  Retained earnings
   $0
    Notes: 1. Dividends of the Company’s shares owned by executive compensation BIP trust and stock grants ESOP trust are not included in aggregate amount of the dividends above.
2. Other than that above, there are dividends paid by the Company to beneficiaries of executive compensation BIP trust and stock grants ESOP trust in the year ended March 31, 2019.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 105

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
 25 Revenue
(1) Division of profit
The Group divides profit from contracts with customers into five categories depending on the contract: mobile telecommunications services, fixed-line telecommunications services, value-added services, global services and other services. Profit from each segment is divided as follows:
 For the year ended March 31, 2019
Segment
Personal Services
Life Design
Business Services
Amount (Millions of yen)
¥3,805,937
Mobile telecommunications
Fixed-line telecommunications
Others 1,231,846
Amount (Millions of U.S. dollars)
$34,291
15,985 7,207 11,099
4,029
1,855 2,175
5,573
2,086 2,515 972
1,632 248
$45,773
45,240 533
Millions of U.S. dollars March 31, 2019
Product / Service
 1,774,186 799,905
 Value-added Others
Mobile telecommunications Fixed-line telecommunications Others
447,209
205,841 241,368
618,557
231,505 279,129 107,922
  Global Services
Others 27,475
Total
Profit from contracts with customers Profit from other sources
Note: The amounts presented exclude inter-segment transactions.
(2) Outstanding contract balances
The Group’s assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers are as follows:
¥5,080,353
5,021,196 59,157
Millions of yen March 31, 2019
181,175
    Millions of yen April 1, 2018
Receivables from contracts with customers ¥1,592,072 Contract liabilities 197,043
Millions of U.S. dollars April 1, 2018
$14,344 1,775
    ¥1,810,042
193,511
  $16,308
1,743
    The contract liabilities are earned from activation fees related to mobile communications services and “au HIKARI” brand services. Points granted to customers through the customer loyalty program are allocated to transaction prices based on the independent sales values of ben- efits with the advance payment.
Regarding profit recognized in the fiscal year under review, ¥130,694 million (U.S. $1,178 million) was included in outstanding contract liabil- ities at the beginning of the fiscal year. This is immaterial to the amount of profit recognized from performance obligations fulfilled (or partially fulfilled) in previous periods.
(3) Transaction amounts allocated to remaining performance obligations
As of March 31, 2019, the transaction amounts allocated to remaining performance obligations amounted to ¥153,830 million (U.S. $1,386 million). Most of these performance obligations comprise earnings from activation fees related to mobile communications services and “au HIKARI” brand services, and they are expected to be recognized as profit within approximately five years, when the services are provided and performance obligations are fulfilled. In addition, the Group adopts the simplified method from paragraph 121 of IFRS 15 as a practical expedi- ent and has not included information related to remaining performance obligations that have an original expected duration of one year or less.
 (4) Assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers
 The Group’s assets recognized from contract costs are as follows:
Millions of yen April 1, 2018
Costs to obtain contracts ¥316,810 Costs to fulfill contracts 44,041
Millions of U.S. dollars April 1, 2018
$2,854 397
Millions of yen March 31, 2019
Millions of U.S. dollars March 31, 2019
    ¥361,437
51,401
  $3,256
463
    The portion expected to be recovered from the incremental costs to obtain contracts with customers and the costs directly related to fulfilling contracts is capitalized and recorded under contract costs in the consolidated statement of financial position. Incremental costs to obtain contracts comprise costs to obtain contracts with customers that would not have been incurred had the contracts not been obtained.
Incremental costs to obtain contracts that are capitalized are mainly sales commissions to agencies incurred when contracts are obtained. Costs to fulfill contracts mainly comprise necessary set-up and other fees incurred between the receipt of an application and the start of ser- vices. These capitalized costs comprise incremental costs that would not have been incurred had telecommunications contracts not been
106 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
obtained. Furthermore, when capitalizing these costs, only the amount expected to be recovered is recognized after taking into account the estimated contract period for the telecommunications contracts. The resulting assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over two to three years in line with the main estimated contract period for users of each service.
The Group determines the recoverability of capitalized contract costs when they are capitalized and reevaluates this each quarter. Specifically, the Group determines whether or not the book value of the assets exceeds the remaining amount of consideration the company expects to receive based on the telecommunications contract over the estimated contract period less the costs directly related to providing the service that have not yet been recognized as expenses. If the scenario used in estimates and assumptions changes, an impairment loss related to the asset is recognized in net profit or loss. This could therefore have a material impact on the value of assets capitalized from con- tract costs. Accordingly, the Group regards these estimates as material.
The amortization costs incurred from these assets in the fiscal year under review amounted to ¥176,228 million (U.S. $1,588 million), and there was no impairment loss.
 26 Expenses by Nature
Expenses by nature that constitute cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses are as follows:
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥ 814,261
562,282
427,755
422,979
308,510
322,737
220,041
77,551
65,389
856,375
 ¥4,077,882
  2019
 $ 7,336
5,066
3,854
3,811
2,908
2,780
1,983
699
589
7,716
 $36,741
  For the year ended March 31
Handset sales cost, repair cost
Depreciation and amortization
Communication equipment usage fee and rentals Staff cost
Sales commission
Operations outsourcing
Power retail sales cost
Rent
Utilities
Other (Note)
2018 848,591 546,609 462,970 402,269 391,055 326,005 136,059 73,808 60,915 844,738 ¥4,093,018
  ¥
  Total
Note: Other is mainly consisted of advertising expense and maintenance costs for communication equipment, etc.
   27 Other Income and Other Expense (1) The analysis of other income
The analysis of other income is as follows:
For the year ended March 31 Compensation income, etc. Subsidy income, etc.
Income from recovery of bad debts Other
Total
(2) The analysis of other expense
The analysis of other expense is as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Reduction entry of land contribution for construction Loss on sale of fixed assets
Other
Total
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
    2019
 ¥ 687
583
761
8,109
 ¥10,140
  2019
 $6
5
7
73
 $91
  2018 ¥ 1,001 547 683 9,811 ¥12,041
2018 ¥ 32 684 2,085 ¥2,801
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
          2019
 ¥—
600
3,061
 ¥3,661
  2019
 $—
5
28
 $33
        KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 107

Our Value Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
 28 Finance Income and Finance Cost (1) The analysis of finance income
The analysis of finance income is as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Interest income:
Financial assets at amortized cost
Dividend income:
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Other
Total
(2) The analysis of finance cost
The analysis of finance cost is as follows:
For the year ended March 31 Interest expense:
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivatives
Loss on foreign currency exchange Other
Total
29 Other Non-operating Profit
The analysis of other non-operating profit is as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Gain on step acquisitions
Gain or loss on sales of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliates
Total
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
    2019
 ¥1,256
2,279
47
 ¥3,582
  2019
 $11
21
0
 $32
  2018 ¥1,008
2,479 548 ¥4,035
2018 ¥ 8,081 1,620
1,846 437 ¥11,985
2018 ¥ — 305 ¥305
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
          2019
 ¥ 7,574
1,120
128
1,189
 ¥10,012
  2019
 $68
10
1
11
 $90
         Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥2,999
(24)
 ¥2,975
  2019
 $27
(0)
 $27
         30 Other Comprehensive Income
Amounts arising during the year, amounts transferred to profit and tax effect included in other comprehensive income of the Group are as follows:
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥ (5,020)
1,569
 (3,451)
 (4,655)
1,436
 (3,219)
 (1,267)
 (1,267)
 (7,937)
  2019
 $ (45)
14
 (31)
 (42)
13
 (29)
 (11)
 (11)
 (72)
  For the year ended March 31
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability (asset) Gain (loss) arising during the year
Tax effect
After tax effect
Net change in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Gain (loss) arising during the year
Tax effect
After tax effect
Share of investments accounted for using the equity method Gain (loss) arising during the year
After tax effect
Total
2018
¥ 6,062 (1,930) 4,132
11,854 (3,495) 8,359
(149)
(149) 12,342
                108 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
For the year ended March 31
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Changes in fair value of cash flow hedge Gain (loss) arising during the year Transferred to profit for the year
Before tax effect
Tax effect
After tax effect
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations Gain (loss) arising during the year
Transferred to profit for the year
Before tax effect
After tax effect
Share of investments accounted for using the equity method Gain (loss) arising during the year
Transferred to profit for the year
After tax effect
Total
Total other comprehensive income
2018
¥ 36 1,332
1,368
(435)
933
996 518
1,515
1,515
(25) —
(25)
2,423
¥14,766
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥ (1,295)
1,142
 (154)
 47
 (106)
 (6,232)
(388)
 (6,620)
 (6,620)
 (88)
—
 (88)
 (6,814)
 ¥(14,751)
  2019
 $ (12)
10
 (1)
 0
 (1)
 (56)
(3)
 (60)
 (60)
 (1)
—
 (1)
 (61)
 $(133)
                31 Cash Flow
An analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for the periods presented are as follows:
 Cash/current bank account
¥226,607 (25,610)
Finance leases
Borrowings due within 1 year
¥ 1,883 27,574 — 49 —
(506)
29,000
Borrowings due after 1 year
¥775,848 58,918 — 10 — 259
835,036
Bonds
¥189,747 (20,019) —
— — 73
169,801
Millions of yen
Hedge assets held for borrow. Preferred Due after shares 1 year
¥95,000 ¥(7,183) (95,000) — — — — — — 1,301 — —
— (5,882)
Millions of U.S. dollars
 Net debt as of April 1, 2017 Cash flows
Acquisitions
Foreign exchange adjustments Fair value movements
Other non-cash movements
Net debt as of March 31, 2018
Cash flows
Acquisitions
Movements by a subsidiary or other business fluctuations caused by gain or loss
Foreign exchange adjustments Fair value movements
Other non-cash movements Net debt as of March 31, 2019
Net debt as of April 1, 2018
Cash flows
Acquisitions
Movements by a subsidiary or other business fluctuations caused by gain or loss
Foreign exchange adjustments Fair value movements
Other non-cash movements Net debt as of March 31, 2019
¥89,171 (27,210) — 20,934
(163) — —
200,834
14
— 1,869
84,779
   4,077
 (28,616)
 (10,274)
 43,868
 109,981
 —
 —
—
24,696
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
13,274
1,168
—
—
—
(314)
(12)
—
(11)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
72
—
 3,311
 —
 —
 (290)
 —
 —
 ¥204,597
 ¥84,158
 ¥32,000
 ¥880,061
 ¥279,492
 ¥—
 ¥(5,810)
     Cash/current bank account
$1,809
Finance leases
$764
Borrowings due within 1 year
$261
Borrowings due after 1 year
$7,524
Preferred Bonds shares
$1,530 $—
Hedge assets held for borrow. Due after 1 year
$(53)
   37
 (258)
 (93)
 395
 991
 —
 —
—
223
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
120
11
—
—
—
(3)
(0)
—
(0)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
 30
 —
 —
 (3)
 —
 —
 $1,843
 $758
 $288
 $7,929
 $2,518
 $—
 $(52)
    KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 109

Our Value Our Management
Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
 32 Financial Instruments
(1) Risk management
The Group’s operating activities are subject to influence from the business and financial market environment. Financial instruments held or assumed in the course of business are exposed to risks inherent in those instruments. Such risks include (i) Credit risk, (ii) Liquidity risk and (iii) Market risk. The Group has a risk management program in place to minimize effects on the Group’s financial posi- tion and results of operations through establishing an internal man- agement system and using financial instruments. Specifically, the Group manages these risks by using methods as described below.
i. Credit risk management
(a) Credit risks of financial assets owned by the Company
Credit risk is the risk that a party to the Group’s financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the Group by failing to discharge its contractual obligation. Specifically, the Group is exposed to the fol- lowing credit risks. Trade, lease and other receivables of the Group are exposed to the credit risk of our customers. The debt securities held for surplus investment are exposed to the issuer’s credit risk related to the deterioration of its financial condition. In addition, derivatives used by the Group to hedge exchange risk and interest rate risk and bank balances are exposed to the credit risk of the financial institutions that are counterparties to these transactions.
(b) Responses to the risk owned by the Company
With regard to credit risks to the customer, the Group has a system in place for assessing credit status as well as performing term admin- istration and balance management for each counterparty based on the credit management guidelines of each Group company.
With regard to lease and other receivables, the Group determines there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial assets since initial recognition in case the cash collection of the financial assets was delayed (as well as the case of request for grace period) after the trade date. However, even when late pay- ment or request for grace period occurs, the Group does not deter- mine that there has been a significant increase in credit risk if such late payment or request for grace period would be attributable to temporary cash shortage, the risk of default would be low, and the objective data such as external credit ratings reveals their ability to fulfil the obligation of contractual cash flow in the near future.
With regard to debt securities, the Group determines there has been a significant increase in its credit risk since initial recognition when the Group evaluates the risk of default is high based upon rat- ing information provided by major rating agencies.
Expected credit loss is recognised and measured thorough trans- actions and financial information available in the course of such credit risk management, while taking macroeconomic condition such as the number of bankruptcies and actual or expected signifi- cant changes in the operating results of the debtor into consider- ation. Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more than 30 days past due in making a contractual payment.
A default occurs when a debtor to a financial asset fails to make contractual payments within 90 days of when they fall due.
The Group directly writes off the gross carrying amount of the credit-impaired financial assets when all or part of the financial assets are evaluated to be uncollectible and determined that it is appropriate to be written off as a result of credit check.
The Group’s receivables have no significantly concentrated credit risk exposure to any single counterparty or any group of counterparties. The Group considers that there is substantially low credit risk
resulting from counterparty default because counterparties of the Group’s derivatives and bank transactions are limited to high credit quality financial institutions. For surplus investments and derivative transactions, the finance and accounting department, following internal rules of each Group company and accompanying regula- tions that prescribe details, arranges to have each transaction approved by an authorized person as designated in the authoriza- tion regulation on a transaction-to-transaction basis so that the Group can minimize credit risk. Counterparties to those transactions are limited to financial institutions with high credit rating.
Measurement of expected credit losses on trade receivables
As trade receivables do not contain a significant financing compo- nent, the Group measures loss allowance at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses until the trade receivables are recov- ered. With regard to performing trade receivables, loss allowance is recognized by estimating the expected credit losses based on his- torical credit loss experience and forward-looking information for the age of each trade receivables.
Measurement of expected credit losses on lease and other receivables
When credit risk related to lease and other receivables has not increased significantly since the initial recognition at the end of the reporting period, the Group calculates the amount of loss allowance of the financial instruments by estimating the 12-month expected credit losses collectively based upon both historical credit loss expe- rience and forward-looking information.
On the other hand, when a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as of the end of fiscal year is presumed, the Group estimates the lifetime credit losses on the financial instruments indi- vidually and measures the amount of loss allowance based on his- torical credit loss experience and forward-looking information.
Measurement of the expected credit losses on other investments (debt securities)
When credit risk related to debt securities has not increased signifi- cantly since initial recognition at the end of the reporting period, the Group calculates the amount of loss allowance of the financial instruments by estimating the 12-month expected credit losses.
On the other hand, when a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as of the end of fiscal year is presumed, the Group estimates the lifetime credit losses on the financial instruments and measures the amount of loss allowance based on historical credit loss experience and forward-looking information.
 110 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
(c) Quantitative and qualitative information on the amounts arising from expected credit losses Loss allowance for trade receivables
Balance as of April 1, 2017
Increase during the year
Decrease during the year (reversal)
Decrease during the year (intended use)
Other (unwinding of discounts and exchange differences)
Balance as of March 31, 2018
Increase during the year
Decrease during the year (reversal)
Decrease during the year (intended use)
Other (unwinding of discounts and exchange differences)
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Balance as of March 31, 2018
Increase during the year
Decrease during the year (reversal)
Decrease during the year (intended use)
Other (unwinding of discounts and exchange differences)
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Millions of yen Lifetime expected credit loss Collective
¥63,937 27,526 (10,394)
(17,421) (327) 63,321
Millions of U.S. dollars Lifetime expected credit loss Collective $571
         28,096
(9,696)
(17,744)
(33,122)
 ¥30,855
           253
(87)
(160)
(298)
 $278
    Loss allowance and reversal of loss allowance are recorded in “selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of income. Fair value of trade and other receivables is described in “Note 33. Fair value of financial instruments.”
There is no contractual, uncollected balance for financial assets written off during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 respec- tively, for which collecting efforts are still being made.
There are no significant loss allowances for lease receivables, other receivables and other investments (debt securities).
(d) Maximum exposure to credit risks
The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risks is as follows:
The Group’s maximum credit risk exposure (gross) represents the amount of the maximum exposure with respect to credit risks without taking
into account any collateral held or other credit enhancement. On the other hand, the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure (net) represents the amount of the maximum exposure with respect to credit risks reflecting the mitigation effect of the collateral held or other credit enhancement.
Maximum exposure for trade receivables
For the year ended March 31, 2018
Gross carrying amount Expected loss rate Loss allowance
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Gross carrying amount Expected loss rate Loss allowance
Gross carrying amount
Expected loss rate
Loss allowance
Note: There is no collateral and other credit enhancement owned by the Group.
More than 30 days past due
¥10,227 20.7% 2,116
More than 30 days past due
More than 30 days past due
More than 90 days past due
¥68,363 74.9% 51,203
More than 90 days past due
More than 90 days past due
Millions of yen
Total
¥1,759,391 — 63,321
Millions of yen
Total
Millions of U.S. dollars
Total
 Current
¥1,680,800 0.6% 10,003
    Current
Current
  ¥1,947,732
 ¥8,418
 40,711
 ¥1,996,862
0.6%
21.4%
42.7%
—
11,684
 1,798
 17,374
 30,855
       $17,549
 76
 367
 $17,991
0.6%
20.7%
74.9%
—
105
 16
 157
 278
    KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 111

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
ii. Liquidity risk management
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk that the Group may be unable to meet the obligations such as notes and trade payables.
The Group finances necessary funds through bank borrowings and bond issuances, in the context of its capital expenditure project mainly
to conduct telecommunications businesses. Any excess funds incurred are invested in short-term deposits etc.
Most of the trade and other payables are payable within one year. The Group’s current liabilities including such trade payables are exposed
to liquidity risk at the time of settlement, however, the Group avoids the risk using methods such as monthly financial planning review con- ducted by each Group company. In addition, to manage liquidity risk, the Group aims for continuously stable cash management through mon- itoring account activity by preparing monthly cash flow projection, and maintains liquidity at certain level. At March 31, 2019, the Group has short-term deposits etc. which is considered to be readily convertible into cash to address liquidity risk. Please refer to “Note 14. Cash and cash equivalents” for details.
Long-term financing is conducted following approval by the Board of Directors of the annual financial plan prepared by the finance and accounting department. The Group minimizes its liquidity risk by entering into a number of long- and short-term unextended commitment line contracts with domestic dominant financial institutions and leading financial institutions in foreign countries in addition to uncommitted credit facilities.
(a) Maturity analysis
Following tables represent analysis of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities to be settled on a net basis by category based on respective remaining periods to contractual maturity at the end of each fiscal year. Amounts shown in the tables below are contractual undiscounted cash flows.
As of March 31, 2018
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Bonds payable
Lease payment
Sub total
Derivative financial liabilities (Note) Exchange contracts
Interest rate swaps
Sub total
Total
Carrying amount
610,726 29,000 835,036 169,801 84,779
Contractual cash flow
¥ 610,726 29,000 844,809 175,985 87,206
1,747,725
38 5,882
5,920
¥1,753,645
Within one year
¥603,858 29,000 294,226 12,149 25,654
964,888
34 —
34
¥964,922
Over one year to two years
¥ 1,261 — 61,094 61,740 22,988
147,083
3 224
228
¥147,311
Over two years to three years
¥ 720 — 111,640 40,671 18,435
171,466
0 —
0
¥171,466
Over two years to three years
Over three years to four years
¥ 444 — 48,893 442 11,207
60,985
— 928
928
¥61,914
Over three years to four years
Over four years to five years
Millions of yen
Over five years
   ¥
¥ 730 ¥ 3,712 — —
 1,729,341
38 5,882
5,920
¥1,735,261
36,030 442 5,861
43,063
— —
—
¥43,063
Over four years to five years
292,926 60,542 3,061
360,240
— 4,729
4,729
¥364,969
Millions of yen
Over five years
    Note: Credits and debts resulted from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. As of March 31, 2019
 Carrying amount
Contractual cash flow
Within one year
Over one year to two years
          ¥ 671,969
 ¥ 671,969
 ¥665,461
 ¥ 1,056
 ¥ 690
 ¥ 546
 ¥ 540
 ¥ 3,675
32,000
32,000
32,000
—
—
—
—
—
880,061
891,023
61,322
115,725
75,631
152,445
149,695
336,205
279,492
286,254
62,031
40,962
733
733
70,733
111,064
84,158
 89,004
 28,517
 24,528
 16,060
 10,287
 6,263
 3,349
 1,947,680
1,970,250
849,331
182,270
93,114
164,010
227,231
454,293
        39
39
14
17
8
1
—
—
5,810
 5,810
 —
 741
 —
 —
 2,479
 2,590
 5,849
 5,849
 14
 757
 8
 1
 2,479
 2,590
 ¥1,953,529
 ¥1,976,100
 ¥849,345
 ¥183,027
 ¥93,122
 ¥164,011
 ¥229,710
 ¥456,883
  Non-derivative financial liabilities Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings
Bonds payable Lease payment
Sub total
Derivative financial liabilities (Note)
Exchange contracts Interest rate swaps
Sub total Total
      112 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
As of March 31, 2019
Non-derivative financial liabilities Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings
Bonds payable Lease payment
Sub total
Derivative financial liabilities (Note)
Exchange contracts Interest rate swaps
Sub total
Millions of U.S. dollars
 Carrying amount
Contractual cash flow
Within one year
Over one year to two years
Over two years to three years
Over three years to four years
Over four years to five years
Over five years
          $ 6,054
 $ 6,054
 $5,996
 $ 10
 $6
 $5
 $5
 $ 33
288
288
288
—
—
—
—
—
7,929
8,028
553
1,043
681
1,374
1,349
3,029
2,518
2,579
559
369
7
7
637
1,001
758
 802
 257
 221
 145
 93
 56
 30
 17,548
17,752
7,652
1,642
839
1,478
2,047
4,093
        0
0
0
0
0
0
—
—
52
 52
 —
 7
 —
 —
 22
 23
 53
 53
 0
 7
 0
 0
 22
 23
 $17,601
 $17,804
 $7,652
 $1,649
 $839
 $1,478
 $2,070
 $4,116
       Total
Note: Credits and debts resulted from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis.
iii. Market risk management
 Market risk management consists of (a) Exchange risk management, (b) Interest rate risk management and (c) Price risk management of equi- ty instruments.
(a) Exchange risk
The Group is exposed to exchange rate fluctuation risk (“exchange risk”) resulted from translating foreign currency denominated trade receiv- ables arising from transactions that the Group conducted using non-functional currencies into their functional currencies at the exchange rate prevailing at the end of reporting period.
The Group also operates in foreign countries. Currently, the Group is developing international businesses through capital contribution and establishment of joint ventures in Asia (Singapore and China etc.), North America and Europe etc. As a result of these international operating activities, the Group is exposed to various exchange risks primarily related to U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar.
Certain subsidiary hedges exchange fluctuation risk by adopting forward exchange contracts as derivative transactions. The purpose is to fix the exchange fluctuation for broadcasting right related to foreign program. For derivative transactions, the Company develops implementa- tion plans on a transaction-to-transaction basis following internal rules approved by the Board of Directors, and obtains approval as stipulated in the authorization regulation, before conducting the transactions. The Group’s policy is to use derivative transactions only to avoid risk and conduct no speculative transactions in order to gain trading profits.
(i) Sensitivity analysis of exchange rate
Sensitivity analysis of the impact of the 10% appreciation of Japanese yen against U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar at the end of each fiscal year against profit before tax of the Group is as follows.
This analysis is on presumption that all other variables (balance, interest etc.) are held constant, and the sensitivity analysis below does not contain impacts of translation of financial instruments denominated in functional currencies, and impacts of translation of revenues and expenses, assets and liabilities of foreign operations into presentation currency.
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥(3,070)
(681)
 ¥(3,750)
  2019
 $(28)
(6)
 $(34)
  For the year ended March 31 Profit before tax
U.S. dollar
Hong Kong dollar
Total
2018
¥(2,343) (725)
¥(3,068)
    At the end of each fiscal year, impact against the Group’s profit or loss, in cases where Japanese yen depreciated 10% against U.S. dollar and Hong Kong dollar, would be equal and opposite figures presented above on presumption that all other variables are held constant.
(ii) Derivatives (forward foreign exchange contracts)
Details of major exchange contracts existed at March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
Derivatives designated as hedges
Certain subsidiaries of the Group is to apply hedge accounting to foreign exchange risk
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
        2019
 Contractual amount
 Fair value
        2019
 Contractual amount
 Fair value
    As of March 31
Forward foreign exchange contracts
Contractual amount
Over Total one year
¥7,023 ¥2,144
Assets
2018
Fair value
Liabilities
Total
Over one year
Assets
Liabilities
Total
Over one year
Assets
Liabilities
   ¥7,672
  ¥6,261
  ¥270
  ¥36
  $69
  $56
  $2
  $0
 ¥479
¥19
 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 113

Our Value
Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥ 235
7,672
April 2019– March 2023
1
(225)
225
  2019
 $2
69
April 2019– March 2023
0
(2)
2
  As of March 31 Carrying amount Contractual amount Maturity date
Hedge ratio (Note 1)
Change in intrinsic value of outstanding hedging instrument
Change in value of hedge item used to determine hedge effectiveness
2018 460 7,023 April 2018–
November 2022 1 43
(43)
  ¥
  Notes: 1. Since the Group is engaged in the foreign exchange contracts in the same currency as the purchase transaction of contents to occur in the future with a high possibility, hedge ratio of foreign exchange contracts is one-to-one.
2. The Group does not have non-effective portion of the hedge.
Derivatives not designated as hedges
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
        2019
 Contractual amount
 Fair value
        2019
 Contractual amount
 Fair value
    As of March 31
Forward foreign exchange contracts
(b) Interest rate risk
Contractual amount
Over Total one year
¥4,032 ¥—
Assets
¥—
2018
Fair value
Liabilities
¥19
Total
Over one year
Assets
Liabilities
Total
Over one year
Assets
Liabilities
   ¥13,006
  ¥—
  ¥39
  ¥4
  $117
  $—
  $0
  $0
  Interest rate risk is defined as the risk that market interest rate fluctuation results in changes in fair value of financial instruments or future cash flows arising from financial instruments. Interest rate risk exposure of the Group mainly relates to payables such as borrowings or bonds, and receivables such as interest-bearing deposits. As amount of interest is influenced by market interest rate fluctuation, the Group is exposed to interest rate risk resulting from changes in future cash flows of interest.
The Group finances funds through bond issuance at fixed interest rate in order to avoid future interest payment increase, primarily resulting from rising interest rate.
Certain subsidiaries stabilize their cash flows by using interest rate swap transactions to minimize interest rate risk on borrowings.
(i) Sensitivity analysis of interest rate
Sensitivity analysis of the impact of the 1% increase of interest rate at the end of each fiscal year against profit before tax of the Group is as follows. This analysis is on presumption that all other variables (balance, exchange rate etc.) are held constant.
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥(8)
  2019
 $(0)
  For the year ended March 31 2018 Profit before tax ¥(11)
Amounts shown in parentheses represent negative impact against profit of the Group.
(ii) Derivatives (interest swap contracts)
    In interest swap contracts, the Group enters into agreements to exchange the differences between fixed rate and floating rate interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed notional principal amount. Using these contracts, the Group minimizes its risk of cash flows fluctuation arising from floating rate borrowings.
Derivatives designated as hedges
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Assets Liabilities Millions of U.S. dollars
        2019
 Contractual amount
 Fair value
        2019
 Contractual amount
 Fair value
    As of March 31 Interest rate swap
As of March 31 Carrying amount Contractual amount Maturity date
Contractual amount
Over Total one year
¥330,000 ¥330,000
Assets
¥—
2018
Fair value
Liabilities
¥5,882
Total
Over one year
Assets
Liabilities
Over one year
Total
Millions of yen
   ¥230,000
  ¥230,000
  ¥—
  ¥5,810
  $2,072
  $2,072
  $—
  $52
     2019
 (5,810)
230,000
December 2020– December 2025
1
72
(72)
  2019
 (52)
2,072
December 2020– December 2025
0
1
(1)
    Hedge ratio (Note 1)
Change in intrinsic value of outstanding hedging instrument
Change in value of hedge item used to determine hedge effectiveness
2018 ¥ (5,882) 330,000
December 2018– December 2025
1 1,301 (1,301)
  Notes: 1. Since the Group runs the borrowing (hedged item) and interest rate swap transaction (hedging instrument) in the same amount, hedge ratio of interest rate swap transaction is one-to-one.
2. The Group does not have any non-effective portion of the hedge.
114 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
(c) Price risk management of equity instruments
Price risk of equity instruments is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in mar- ket prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk). The Group is exposed to such price risk as it holds equity instruments. To manage price risk arising from those equity instruments, the corporate finance and accounting department documents policies of invest-
ment in the equity instruments and the entire Group complies with those policies. For material investments, it is obliged to report to and obtain approval from the Board of Directors in a timely manner. To manage those equity instruments, the Group continuously reviews its holdings through monitoring market value and financial condition of the issuer (counterparty) taking into account the market condition and the relation- ship with the counterparty.
(i) Sensitivity analysis of price of equity instruments
Sensitivity analysis of the impact of the 10% decrease of price of equity instruments at the end of each fiscal year against other comprehen- sive income of the Group (before tax effect) is as follows:
This analysis is on presumption that all other variables (balance, exchange rate etc.) are held constant.
For the year ended March 31 2018 Accumulated other comprehensive income (before tax effect) ¥(8,072)
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥(8,009)
  2019
 $(72)
     Amounts shown in parentheses represent negative impact against other comprehensive income of the Group.
(2) Capital management
The Group seeks to realize sustainable medium- and long-term growth and maximize its corporate value. To achieve those objec- tives, the Group’s basic policy for equity risk management is to maintain adequate equity structure while monitoring capital cost,
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent and D/E ratio at the
As of March 31
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent (Note 1)
D/E ratio (debt/equity ratio) (Note 2)
along with maintaining current fund-raising capability and ensuring financial soundness. Major performance benchmarks used by the Group to manage its equity are Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent and debt / equity ratio (“D/E ratio”).
end of each fiscal year are as follows:
Unit 2018
% 57.4
ratio 0.30
   2019
 57.1
 0.30
      Notes: 1. Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the parent: Equity attributable to owners of the parent/Total assets ×100 2. D/E ratio (debt/equity ratio): Interest bearing debt/Equity attributable to owners of the parent
As of March 31, 2019, there is no material capital controls applicable to the Group (excluding general rules such as the Companies Act etc.).
(3) Classification of financial assets and financial liabilities
Classification of financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group is as follows: As of March 31, 2018
 Millions of yen
Carrying amount
  Financial assets at amortized cost
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
¥110,071
— — —
¥110,071
Financial liabilities at fair value through other comprehensive income
¥— —
— — —
¥—
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
¥301
— 179 —
¥479
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
¥ — 5,885
— — 34
¥5,920
Total
236,684
  Financial assets Non-current assets
Other long-term financial assets Current assets
Trade and other receivables Other short-term financial assets Cash and cash equivalents
Total
Financial liabilities Non-current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable
Other long-term financial liabilities Current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable Trade and other payables
Other short-term financial liabilities
¥
¥2,052,544
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
126,313
1,695,403 29,994 200,834
¥
1,695,403 30,173 200,834
¥2,163,094
Millions of yen
Carrying amount
      Total
¥1,731,838
¥
704,278 62,593
329,559 610,726 24,683
Total
704,278 68,478
329,559 610,726 24,717
¥1,737,757
¥
  KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 115

Our Value
Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability Financial Information
As of March 31, 2019
Financial assets Non-current assets
Other long-term financial assets Current assets
Trade and other receivables Other short-term financial assets Cash and cash equivalents
Total
Financial liabilities Non-current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable
Other long-term financial liabilities Current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable Trade and other payables
Other short-term financial liabilities
Total
Financial assets Non-current assets
Other long-term financial assets Current assets
Trade and other receivables Other short-term financial assets Cash and cash equivalents
Total
Financial liabilities Non-current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable
Other long-term financial liabilities Current liabilities
Borrowings and bonds payable Trade and other payables
Other short-term financial liabilities
Total
Financial assets at amortized cost
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Millions of yen
Carrying amount
Total
Millions of yen
Carrying amount
Total
Millions of U.S. dollars
Carrying amount
Total
Millions of U.S. dollars
Carrying amount
Total
       ¥ 134,981
¥117,894
¥150
¥ 253,025
1,965,554
—
—
1,965,554
41,814
—
149
41,963
204,597
 —
 —
 204,597
 ¥2,346,946
 ¥117,894
 ¥299
 ¥2,465,140
      Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Financial liabilities at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
     ¥1,040,978
¥—
¥—
¥1,040,978
60,657
—
5,835
66,493
150,574
—
—
150,574
671,969
—
—
671,969
26,759
 —
 14
 26,773
 ¥1,950,937
 ¥—
 ¥5,849
 ¥1,956,787
      Financial assets at amortized cost
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
     $ 1,216
$1,062
$1
$ 2,280
17,709
—
—
17,709
377
—
1
378
1,843
 —
 —
 1,843
 $21,146
 $1,062
 $3
 $22,210
      Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Financial liabilities at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
     $ 9,379
$—
$—
$ 9,379
547
—
53
599
1,357
—
—
1,357
6,054
—
—
6,054
241
 —
 0
 241
 $17,578
 $—
 $53
 $17,630
    116 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
(4) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
The Group owns the equity instruments above as investment to maintain and strengthen the business relationship with investees, and there- fore classifies them as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.
i. The analysis and fair value by description of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
The analysis and dividends received related to financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are as follows:
    2019
 ¥ 80,090
37,804
 ¥117,894
  2019
 $ 722
341
 $1,062
  As of March 31 Fair value
Listed equities Unlisted equities
Total
For the year ended March 31 Dividends received
Listed equities Unlisted equities
Total
2018
¥ 80,720 29,350 ¥110,071
2018
¥1,970 488 ¥2,458
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
         2019
 ¥2,054
201
 ¥2,255
  2019
 $19
2
 $20
        Major description of investments in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is as follows: Millions of yen
   2019
 ¥ 51,860
7,199
3,616
3,190
2,847
2,382
1,752
1,466
933
940
3,905
80,090
6,645
5,099
3,492
1,746
20,823
37,804
 ¥117,894
  2019
 $ 467
65
33
29
26
21
16
13
8
8
35
722
60
46
31
16
188
341
 $1,062
  As of March 31 Listed equities
TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION PIA Corporation
GREE, Inc.
East Japan Railway Company Japan Airport Terminal Co. Ltd. HEROZ, Inc.
COLOPL, Inc.
ALBERT Inc.
Internet Initiative Japan Inc.
SPACE SHOWER NETWORKS INC. Other
Sub total Unlisted equities
A-Fund, L.P.
Finatext Ltd.
COMMUNITY NETWORK CENTER INCORPORATED GO GAME PTE. LTD.
Other
Sub total Total
2018
¥ 54,562 7,630 4,840 2,946 2,476 — 2,361 — 906 1,265 3,735 80,720
4,785 — 4,295 — 20,270 29,350 ¥110,071
      ii. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income disposed during the period
The Group sells its financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income as a result of periodic review of portfolio and for the man- agement of risk assets. Fair value at the disposal date, accumulated gains / losses arising from sale and dividends received are as follows:
For the year ended March 31 2018 Fair value at the disposal date ¥2,754 Accumulated gains / losses arising from sale 1,578 Dividends received 21
iii. Reclassification to retained earnings
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥1,945
1,085
25
  2019
 $18
10
0
      The Group reclassifies accumulated gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other com- prehensive income into retained earnings, when it disposes the investments, etc. Accumulated gains or losses, net of tax, reclassified from other comprehensive income into retained earnings are ¥835 million (U.S.$8 million) and ¥1,251 million (U.S.$11 million), respectively, for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 117

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
 33 Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The financial instruments that are measured at fair value are classified into 3 levels of fair value hierarchy according to the observability and significance of the inputs used for measurement. The levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined as follows:
• Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
• Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly
• Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs)
The Group determines the hierarchy of the levels on the basis of the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
(1) The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
i. The hierarchy of the fair value
The following table presents the classification by fair value hierarchy of the financial assets and financial liabilities recognized at fair value on the consolidated statement of financial position.
 As of March 31, 2018
Recurring fair value measurements Financial assets:
Other financial assets
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Equities
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Derivatives
Exchange contracts
Financial liabilities:
Other financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Derivatives
Exchange contracts Interest rate swaps
As of March 31, 2019
Recurring fair value measurements Financial assets:
Other financial assets
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Equities
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Derivatives
Exchange contracts
Financial liabilities:
Other financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Derivatives
Exchange contracts Interest rate swaps
Level 1
¥80,720 —
— —
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
¥29,350 —
— —
Level 3
Millions of yen
Total
¥110,071 479
38 5,882
Millions of yen
Total
   ¥
— 479
38 5,882
Level 2
       ¥80,090
¥—
¥37,804
¥117,894
—
299
—
299
—
39
—
39
—
 5,810
 —
 5,810
    118 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
 Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Millions of U.S. dollars
Total
     $722
$—
$341
$1,062
—
3
—
3
—
0
—
0
—
 52
 —
 52
   Recurring fair value measurements Financial assets:
Other financial assets
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Equities
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Derivatives
Exchange contracts
Financial liabilities:
Other financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Derivatives
Exchange contracts Interest rate swaps
 Any significant transfers of the financial instruments between levels are evaluated at each period end. There was no significant transfer of the financial instruments between levels for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019.
ii. Measurement method of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities
(a) Equities
Listed equities are based on the prices on exchange and within level 1 of fair value hierarchy.
Unlisted equities are calculated by the valuation technique based on the discounted future cash flows, valuation technique based on the market prices of the comparative companies, valuation tech- nique based on the net asset value and other valuation techniques, and are within the level 3 of fair value hierarchy. Unobservable input such as discount rates and valuation multiples are used for fair value measurements of unlisted equities, adjusted for certain illiquidity dis- counts and non-controlling interest discounts, if necessary.
iii. Reconciliation of level 3
The following table presents the movement of financial instruments within level 3 for the year ended March 31, 2018.
(b) Derivatives
(i) Exchange contracts
The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the end of each fiscal year, with the resulting value discounted back to present value. The financial assets and financial liabilities related to exchange contracts are clas- sified as level 2 of fair value hierarchy.
(ii) Interest rate swaps
Interest rate swaps are calculated by the present value of the future cash flows discounted using the interest rate adjusted for the remaining period until maturity and credit risk. The financial assets and financial liabilities related to interest rate swaps are classified as the level 2 of fair value hierarchy.
     As of April 1, 2017
Acquisition
Loss recognized on other comprehensive income Sale
Other
As of March 31, 2018
Millions of yen
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Equities ¥23,460 4,941 2,235
(1,285) (2) ¥29,350
    KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 119

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
The following table presents the movement of financial instruments within level 3 for the year ended March 31, 2019.
     ¥29,350
10,723
(1,159)
(1,861)
751
 ¥37,804
  As of April 1, 2018
Acquisition
Gain recognized on other comprehensive income Sale
Other
As of March 31, 2019
As of April 1, 2018
Acquisition
Gain recognized on other comprehensive income Sale
Other
As of March 31, 2019
iv. Evaluation process of level 3
Millions of yen
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Equities
Millions of U.S. dollars
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Equities
       $264
97
(10)
(17)
7
 $341
    Fair value measurements of unlisted equities are performed by a management department independent from sales departments in accordance with the prescribed rules. Fair value measurements including fair value models are examined for the adequacy by periodically evaluating the business descriptions and the availability of business plans of the companies issuing the equities, as well as comparative listed companies.
v. Quantitative information related to assets classified as level 3
Information related to evaluation technique and significant unobservable inputs of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis classified as level 3 is as follows:
As of March 31, 2018 Equities
As of March 31, 2019 Equities
Fair value Millions of yen
¥29,350
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
$276
Fair value
Millions of U.S. dollars
Valuation technique
Income approach
Valuation technique
Unobservable inputs
Discount rate
Unobservable inputs
Range
5.6%–11.2%
Range
       ¥37,804
  $341
  Income approach Discount rate
   5.7%–11.2%
   vi. Sensitivity analysis related to the changes in significant unobservable inputs
For financial instruments classified as level 3, no significant changes in fair value are expected to occur as a result of changing unobservable inputs to other alternative assumptions that are considered reasonable.
(2) The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value but disclosed on the fair value.
i. The hierarchy of the fair value
The following are the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value but disclosed on the fair value. The financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at amortized cost are included.
 120 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
As of March 31, 2018
Financial assets
Other financial assets
Government bonds Lease receivables
Financial liabilities
Borrowing and bonds payable
Borrowings
Bonds payables Other financial liabilities
Lease payments
Carrying amount
Level 1
3,069 —
Level 2
— —
Level 3
¥ — 100,209
— —
—
Millions of yen
Fair value
Total
¥ 3,069 100,209
839,655 174,294
86,619
   ¥
3,001 102,012
835,036 169,801
84,779
¥
¥
— 174,263
—
839,655 31
86,619
 Notes: 1. Borrowings, bonds payable and lease payments in the table above contain their current portion.
2. Short-term financial assets and short-term financial liabilities are not included in the table above because their fair values are similar to the carrying amounts.
As of March 31, 2019
Financial assets
Other financial assets
Government bonds Lease receivables
Financial liabilities
Borrowing and bonds payable
Borrowings
Bonds payables Other financial liabilities
Lease payments
Millions of yen
Fair value
  Carrying amount
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
      ¥ 3,001
¥ 3,027
¥—
¥—
¥ 3,027
119,582
—
—
118,876
118,876
880,061
—
888,704
—
888,704
279,492
283,602
12
—
283,614
84,158
 —
 85,909
 —
 85,909
   Notes: 1. Borrowings, bonds payable and lease payments in the table above contain their current portion.
2. Short-term financial assets and short-term financial liabilities are not included in the table above because their fair values are similar to the carrying
amounts.
Financial assets
Other financial assets
Government bonds Lease receivables
Financial liabilities
Borrowing and bonds payable
Borrowings
Bonds payables Other financial liabilities
Lease payments
Carrying amount
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Millions of U.S. dollars
Fair value
        $ 27
$ 27
$—
$—
$ 27
1,077
—
—
1,071
1,071
7,929
—
8,007
—
8,007
2,518
2,555
0
—
2,555
758
 —
 774
 —
 774
   Notes: 1. Borrowings, bonds payable and lease payments in the table above contain their current portion.
2. Short-term financial assets and short-term financial liabilities are not included in the table above because their fair values are similar to the carrying
amounts.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 121

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
ii. Measurement method of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities
(a) Government bonds
The fair value of government bonds is estimated based on quoted price. Government bonds are classified as level 1 of fair value hierarchy.
(b) Lease receivables
Fair value of lease receivables is measured at the present value of total expected lease receivables, discounted by the rate of interest to be used when the lessor newly contracts a similar lease transac- tion. Inputs of lease receivables are not based on observable market data. Therefore, the levels of the fair value hierarchy are classified as level 3. The discount rate is 6.7% as of March 31, 2018 and 6.2% as of March 31, 2019.
(c) Borrowings
For borrowings with variable interest rates, the carrying amount is used as fair value, as the rates reflect the market interest rate within a short term and there is no significant change expected in the Group entities’ credit conditions after financing. For borrowings with
fixed interest rates, fair value is estimated by discounting the total of principal and interest using the current interest rate adjusted for the remaining maturity period of the borrowings and credit risk. Borrowings are classified as level 2 of fair value hierarchy.
(d) Bonds payables
For bonds payable with quoted price, the fair value is estimated based on quoted price. For bonds payable without quoted price, the fair value is calculated by the present value of future cash flows dis- counted using the interest rate adjusted for the remaining maturity period and credit risk. Bonds payables with quoted price are classi- fied as level 1 of fair value hierarchy and bonds payables without quoted price are classified as level 2 of fair value hierarchy.
(e) Lease payments
The fair value of lease obligations is estimated by the future cash flows discounted using the interest rate of a borrowing with the identical remaining maturity period and conditions. Lease payments are classified as level 2 of fair value hierarchy.
 34 Commitments
(1) Purchase commitments
As of March 31, 2018 and 2019, the Group’s commitments to purchase property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and other are as follows:
 Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥164,407
68,188
 ¥232,596
  2019
 $1,481
614
 $2,096
  For the year ended March 31 Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets
Total
Note: These amounts above don’t reflect contents of all contracts that the Group is expected to enter into in the future.
(2) Lease commitments
2018 ¥216,275 53,089 ¥269,364
       The Group enters into lease contracts for property, plant and equipment in the ordinary course of business. Gross minimum lease payments under non-cancellable lease contracts are set out in “Note 36. Lease.”
 35 Earnings per Share
(1) Basic earnings per share
Basic earnings per share and its calculation basis are as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent
Number of weighted average common stocks outstanding (Thousands of shares)
Basic earnings per share (Yen and U.S. dollar)
(2) Diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share and its calculation basis are as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent Adjustment of profit
Profit used in calculation of diluted earnings per share
2018 ¥572,528
2,430,662 ¥235.54
2018 ¥572,528 — 572,528
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
    2019
 ¥617,669
2,383,892
¥259.10
  2019
 $5,565
21,478
$2.33
          2019
 ¥617,669
—
617,669
  2019
 $5,565
—
5,565
      122 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
  2019
 2,383,892
796
2,384,689
  2019
 $21,478
7
$21,486
  For the year ended March 31 2018 Number of weighted average common stocks outstanding 2,430,662 Effect of dilutive potential common stocks
BIP trust and ESOP trust 971 Number of weighted average common stocks during the year 2,431,632
For the year ended March 31 2018 Diluted earnings per share ¥235.45
Thousands of shares
Yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
U.S. dollars
     2019
 ¥259.01
  2019
 $2.33
     Note: In the calculation of basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share, the Company’s stocks owned by the executive compensation BIP trust and a stock-granting ESOP trust are included in treasury stock. Therefore, the number of those stocks is deducted in calculating the number of common stocks outstanding at the end of the year and weighted average common stocks outstanding during the year.
36 Lease
(1) Lease as a lessee
i. Finance lease
Finance lease of the Group mainly relates to in-home customer premises equipment for CATV and communication.
(a) Future gross minimum lease payments
Future gross minimum lease payments of the leased assets recognized based on finance lease contracts, their present value and future finance costs by due date are as follows:
  Future gross minimum lease payments
Present value of future gross minimum lease payments
    Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥28,517
57,138
3,349
 ¥89,004
 ¥ 4,846
84,158
  2019
 $257
515
30
 $802
 $ 44
758
   2019
 ¥26,759
54,155
3,244
 ¥84,158
   2019
 $241
488
29
 $758
   As of March 31
Within one year
Over one year to five years Over five years
2018 ¥25,654 58,491 3,061
2018 ¥24,683 57,090 3,007 ¥84,779
     Total ¥87,206
Less: Future finance cost (Note) ¥ 2,427 Present value of lease obligation 84,779
    Note: Difference between future gross minimum lease payments and their present value represents interest portion of the finance lease.
(b) Details of the lease contracts
Some of the Group’s lease contracts contain terms of renewal or purchase options. However, the Group does not have any lease contracts that contain sublease contracts or contingent rents and escalation clauses, provision in a contract for increasing the contracted price, and restrictions imposed by lease arrangements, such as those concerning dividends, additional debt and further leasing.
Fair values of the Group’s lease obligations are set out in “Note 33. Fair value of financial instruments.”
ii. Operating lease
Operating lease of the Group mainly relates to lease of land and buildings for base station.
(a) Gross minimum lease payments and contingent rent
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, gross minimum lease payments and contingent rents of cancellable or non-cancellable oper- ating leases recognized as expenses are as follows:
For the year ended March 31 2018 Gross minimum lease payments ¥135,443 Contingent rents 247
Total ¥135,690
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥151,333
288
 ¥151,621
  2019
 $1,363
3
 $1,366
      Lease payments are included in “Costs of sales” or “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 123

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
(b) Unexpired lease payments under non-cancellable operating lease
At the end of each fiscal year, analysis of future gross minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases of the Group by due date is as follows:
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥17,805
41,173
24,960
 ¥83,938
  2019
 $160
371
225
 $756
  As of March 31
Within one year
Over one year to five years Over five years
Total
(c) Details of the lease contracts
2018 ¥14,374 34,555 6,926 ¥55,855
      Some of the lease contracts contain terms of renewal. However, the Group does not have any lease contracts that contain purchase option, sublease contracts, escalation clauses (provision in a contract for increasing the contracted price) and restrictions imposed by lease arrange- ments, such as those concerning dividends, additional debt and further leasing.
(2) Lease as a lessor
i. Finance lease
One of the company’s consolidated subsidiaries, KDDI Summit Global Myanmar Co., Ltd. (KSGM) operates telecommunication business in Myanmar jointly with Myanmar Posts & Telecommunications (MPT), a government organization in Myanmar. KSGM leases telecommunication equipment to MPT classified as finance lease in the joint operation.
Future gross minimum lease payments receivable
Future gross lease payments receivable under the finance leases held by the Group and their present value and future finance income are as follows:
 Future gross minimum lease payments
Present value of future gross minimum lease payments
    Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥ 36,967
98,669
3,095
 ¥138,732
 ¥ 19,150
119,582
—
119,582
  2019
 $ 333
889
28
 $1,250
 $ 173
1,077
—
1,077
   2019
 ¥ 29,832
86,829
2,921
 ¥119,582
  2019
 $ 269
782
26
 $1,077
  As of March 31
Within one year
Over one year to five years Over five years
Total
Less: Future finance income
Net investment in the lease
Less: Present value of unguaranteed residual value
Present value of lease obligation
37 Non-cash Transactions
2018 ¥ 27,659 86,993 5,416
¥120,068
¥ 18,056 102,012
— 102,012
2018 ¥ 21,569 75,332 5,111 ¥102,012
           For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, non-cash transactions, i.e. financial transactions that do not require the use of cash and cash equivalents, comprise acquisition of property, plant and equipment resulted from new finance leases of ¥20,934 million (U.S.$189 million) and ¥24,696 million (U.S.$223 million), respectively.
124 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
 38 Major Subsidiaries
(1) Organizational structure
Major subsidiaries of the Group are as follows. Unless otherwise stated, they have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares that are held directly by the group, and the proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the group. The country of incorpora- tion or registration is also their principal place of business.
 The proportion of voting rights (%)
 Company name
Okinawa Cellular Telephone Company
Jupiter Telecommunications Co., Ltd. (Note 1)
J:COM West Co., Ltd.
J:COM East Co., Ltd.
UQ Communications Inc. (Note 2)
BIGLOBE Inc.
AEON Holdings Corporation of Japan
Chubu Telecommunications Co., Inc.
Wire and Wireless Co., Ltd.
KDDI Financial Service Corporation
Syn.Holdings, Inc
WebMoney Corporation
Jupiter Shop Channel Co., Ltd.
Jupiter Entertainment Co.,Ltd.
ENERES Co., Ltd.
KDDI Matomete Office Corporation
KDDI Evolva, Inc.
Japan Internet Exchange Co., Ltd.
KDDI Engineering Corporation
KDDI Research, Inc.
Kokusai Cable Ship Co.,Ltd.
Japan Telecommunication Engineering Service Co., Ltd.
KDDI America, Inc.
Segment
Personal Services
Personal Services
Personal Services
Personal Services
Personal Services
Personal Services
Personal Services
Personal Services Business Services
Personal Services
Life Design Services
Life Design Services
Life Design Services
Life Design Services
Life Design Services
Life Design Services
Business Services
Business Services
Business Services
Other
Other
Other
Other
Global Services
Location
Naha-shi, Okinawa
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Osaka
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Okayama-shi, Okayama
Naka-ku, Nagoya-shi, Aichi
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Fujimino-shi, Saitama
Kawasaki-shi, Kanagawa
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
New York, NY U.S.A.
London, U.K.
As of March 31, Key business 2018
Telecommunications services 51.5 (au mobile phone services)
Management of CATV operators and 50.0 broadcasting service providers
Management of CATV (broadcasting 92.7 and telecommunication business) (92.7)
Management of CATV (broadcasting 100.0 and telecommunication business) (100.0)
Wireless broadband services 32.3
Telecommunications services under 100.0 Telecommunications Business Act
Operation of language schools 100.0 starting with English conversation
Telecommunications services under Telecommunications Business Act 80.5
Wireless broadband services 95.2
Credit card services and payment 90.0 agency services
Holding company of internet service 78.7 companies
As of March 31, 2019
51.6
50.0
92.8 (92.8)
100.0 (100.0)
32.3
100.0
100.0
80.5
95.2
90.0
82.3
100.0
55.0 (50.0)
100.0 (100.0)
100.0
95.0
100.0
63.8 (6.9)
100.0
91.7
100.0
74.3
100.0
100.0 (4.2)
            Issuance and sales e-money
Mail order services
Management of TV
Energy information
of server based 100.0
55.0 (50.0)
channels 100.0 (100.0)
business 30.0
    IT support services medium-sized companies
for small and 95.0
        KDDI Europe Limited
Global Services
Call center, temporary personnel 100.0 services
Exchange port providing services for 63.8 internet service providers (6.9)
Construction, maintenance and
operation support for communica- 100.0 tion equipment
Technology research and product
development related to 91.7 telecommunication services
Construction and maintenance of 100.0 submarine cable
Design, construction, operation
support and maintenance for 74.3 communication equipment
Diversified Telecommunications 100.0 services in US
Diversified Telecommunications 100.0 services in Europe (4.2)
 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 125

Our Value
Our Management
Our Future
Our Sustainability
Financial Information
Company name
KDDI China Corporation
KDDI Singapore Pte Ltd
TELEHOUSE Holdings Limited
TELEHOUSE International Corporation of Europe Ltd.
KDDI Summit Global Singapore Pte. Ltd.
KDDI Summit Global Myanmar Co., Ltd.
Mobicom Corporation LLC
Segment
Global Services
Global Services
Global Services
Global Services
Global Services
Global Services
Global Services
Location
Beijing, China
Singapore
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
Singapore
Yangon, Myanmar
Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia
Key business
Sales, maintenance and operation of communication equipment in China
Diversified Telecommunications services in Singapore
Holding Company
Data center services in Europe
Holding Company
Telecommunication business in collaboration with Myanma Posts & Telecommunications (MPT)
Diversified Telecommunications services in Mongolia
As of March 31, 2018
85.1
100.0
100.0
92.8 (92.8)
50.1
100.0 (100.0)
63.9 (63.9)
As of March 31, 2019
85.1
100.0
100.0
92.8 (92.8)
50.1
100.0 (100.0)
98.8 (98.8)
The proportion of voting rights (%)
         Numbers in parentheses represent indirect voting rights.
Notes: 1. The Group does not own majority of voting rights of Jupiter Telecommunications Co., Ltd. (“Jupiter Telecom”). However, the Group owns 50% of the voting rights of Jupiter Telecom and has the power to govern its financial and operating policies. Accordingly, Jupiter Telecom is controlled by the Group and included in the consolidated financial statements.
2. The Group does not own majority of voting rights of UQ Communications Inc. (“UQ”). However, UQ is consolidated by the Group because UQ is consid- ered to be controlled by the Group on the grounds that the Group is the largest shareholder of UQ, the Group’s directors became majority of the board members and they have the executive power in the UQ’s Board of Directors, and the operations of UQ are significantly dependent on the Company.
(2) Financial statements of subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest for the Group
i. Jupiter Telecommunication Co Ltd. (“Jupiter telecom”).
As of March 31 2018
The proportion of ownership interests held by non-controlling interests 50.0%
The proportion of ownership interests by non-controlling interests held equals the voting rights by non-controlling interests. Amounts before adjustments to internal transactions of the Group are as follows:
   2019
 50.0%
    (a) Consolidated statements of financial position
As of March 31 Current assets Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total equity
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥ 131,216
1,024,411
144,491
647,298
 ¥ 363,839
  2019
 $1,182
9,230
1,302
5,832
 $3,278
  Amounts equivalent to the interests in total equity of Jupiter Telecom attributable to the Group, and the non-controlling interests are as follows:
2018 ¥163,632 970,524 235,366 589,657
¥309,133
      2019
 ¥149,177
214,662
 ¥363,839
  2019
 $1,344
1,934
 $3,278
  As of March 31
Interests attributable to owners of the parent Non-controlling interests
Total
(b) Consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
For the year ended March 31
Revenue
Profit for the year before income tax Income taxes
Profit, net of tax
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
2018 ¥116,309 192,824
¥309,133
2018 ¥783,219 124,812 39,798 85,014 1,094
¥ 86,108
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
      2019
 ¥815,461
118,926
38,612
80,314
(183)
 ¥ 80,131
  2019
 $7,347
1,072
348
724
(2)
 $ 722
      126 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Amounts equivalent to the profit for the year and comprehensive income attributable to the Group, and the non-controlling interests are as follows:
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥40,379
39,935
 80,314
 (61)
(123)
 (183)
 40,318
39,812
 ¥80,131
  2019
 $364
360
 724
 (1)
(1)
 (2)
 363
359
 $722
  For the year ended March 31
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests
Sub total
Other comprehensive income attributable to owners of the parent Other comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
Sub total
Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the parent Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
Total
2018 ¥42,214 42,800
85,014
539 555
1,094
42,753 43,355
¥86,108
        For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, dividends paid by Jupiter Telecom to non-controlling interests were ¥46,200 million (U.S.$416 million) and ¥32,600 million (U.S.$294 million), respectively.
(c) Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended March 31
Cash flows from operating activities (net)
Cash flows from investing activities (net)
Cash flows from financing activities (net)
Increase (decrease) of cash and cash equivalents
ii. UQ Communications
As of March 31
The proportion of ownership interests held by non-controlling interests
Millions of yen
2018
67.7%
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥170,705
(90,563)
(118,748)
(38,606)
  2019
 $1,538
(816)
(1,070)
(348)
  2018 ¥171,810 (77,348)
(103,652) (9,191)
     2019
 67.7%
    The proportion of ownership interests by non-controlling interests held equals the voting rights by non-controlling interests. Amounts before adjustments to internal transactions of the Group are as follows:
(a) Statements of financial position
As of March 31 Current assets Non-current assets
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total equity (Note)
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
  2019
 ¥ 80,827
317,912
 80,906
226,177
 ¥ 91,657
  2019
 $ 728
2,864
 729
2,038
 $ 826
  2018 ¥ 62,885 276,875
79,445 216,460
¥ 43,855
     Amounts equivalent to the interests in total equity of UQ Communications attributable to the Group, and the non-controlling interests are as follows:
  2019
 ¥48,999
42,658
 ¥91,657
  2019
 $441
384
 $826
  As of March 31
Interests attributable to owners of the parent Non-controlling interests
Total
(b) Statement of income and comprehensive income
For the year ended March 31
Revenue
Profit for the year before income tax Income taxes
Profit, net of tax
Other comprehensive income
2018 ¥33,952 9,903
¥43,855
2018 ¥317,871 54,199 11,794 42,405 —
¥ 42,405
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
Millions of U.S. dollars
      2019
 ¥313,185
48,284
10,199
38,086
—
 ¥ 38,086
  2019
 $2,822
435
92
343
—
 $ 343
     Total comprehensive income
 KDDI CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 127

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
Amounts equivalent to the interests of net profit and comprehensive income attributable to the Group, and the non-controlling interests are as follows:
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
   2019
 ¥12,115
25,970
 38,086
 —
—
 —
 12,115
25,970
 ¥38,086
  2019
 $109
234
 343
 —
—
 —
 109
234
 $343
  For the year ended March 31
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests
Sub total
Other comprehensive income attributable to owners of the parent Other comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
Sub total
Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the parent Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
Total
(c) Statement of cash flows
For the year ended March 31
Cash flows from operating activities (net)
Cash flows from investing activities (net)
Cash flows from financing activities (net)
Increase (decrease) of cash and cash equivalents
39 Related Party Transactions
(1) Related party transactions
2018 ¥13,511 28,894 42,405 — — — 13,511 28,894 ¥42,405
2018 ¥76,495 (53,895)
(22,595) 5
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
                 2019
 ¥63,632
(49,614)
(14,047)
(29)
  2019
 $573
(447)
(127)
(0)
        For the year ended March 31, 2018:
There are no significant related party transactions and balances to be disclosed, and the most common terms used by other entities include something like such transactions are negotiated in the ordinary course of business.
For the year ended March 31, 2019:
There are no significant related party transactions and balances to be disclosed, and the most common terms used by other entities include something like such transactions are negotiated in the ordinary course of business.
(2) Remuneration of key management
Remuneration of key management is as follows:
For the year ended March 31 2018 Short-term employee benefits ¥716 Share-based payment 111
Total ¥827
Millions of yen
Millions of U.S. dollars
    2019
 ¥704
184
 ¥887
  2019
 $6
2
 $8
        Remuneration of key management represents remuneration to directors and audit & supervisory board members of the Company, including outside directors and audit & supervisory board members.
128 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
 40 Subsequent Events
KDDI incorporated an intermediate financial holding company, au Financial Holdings Corporation, in order to strengthen its settlement and financial business and introduced the “Smart Money Concept” which ensures customer satisfaction by providing comprehensive smartphone-centric settlements and financial transactions.
In addition, KDDI transferred five companies (Jibun Bank Corporation, which became a consolidated subsidiary on April 1, 2019, and the consolidated subsidiaries of KDDI Financial Service Inc., WebMoney Corporation, KDDI Asset Management Co., Ltd., and au Reinsurance Corporation) to au Financial Holdings Corporation. By reorganizing these companies, we aim to maximize synergies and enhance product competitiveness by accelerating their decision making processes and enhancing governance.
Making Jibun Bank Corporation a consolidated subsidiary
KDDI acquired the 608,614 shares issued via third party allocation by Jibun Bank Corporation (“Jibun Bank”) on April 1, 2019. As a result, KDDI owns 1,408,614 shares (63.78%) in Jibun Bank, mak- ing Jibun Bank a consolidated subsidiary.
KDDI now provides Jibun Bank with access to the big data, digital marketing resources and customer base that it has cultivated to date. We also continually create points of contact with customers and help strengthen the service offerings for customers’ different life stages with the aim of maximizing the corporate value of Jibun Bank.
The consideration for the acquisition is ¥25,000 million (U.S.$225 million). Due to the limited time between the acquisition date and the submission date of the earnings report for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the accounting process regarding said acquisition of shares has not been completed and we have not disclosed detailed data regarding the accounting treatment of the business combination.
Beginning the tender offer for shares of kabu.com Securities Co., Ltd. by the wholly owned KDDI subsidiary LDF LLC
On February 12, 2019, KDDI announced that its wholly owned sub- sidiary LDF LLC (“LDF”) would make a public tender for shares of kabu.com Securities Co., Ltd. (“kabu.com Securities”).
Because the preparations to begin this tender offer have been concluded, KDDI and LDF have decided to begin the tender offer for the ordinary shares of and subscription rights to kabu.com Securities on April 25, 2019.
The tender offer has completed as of June 13, 2019. The Tender Offer Report was submitted by LDF as of June 14, 2019. According to the report, the number of tenders converted in shares are 126,503,498 shares and LDF purchased all of the shares. As a result, kabu.com Securities becomes an equity method affiliated company of KDDI.
After the completion of the tender offer and related procedures, the final shareholding ratios of kabu.com Securities are expected to be as below.
Shareholding ratios Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co., Ltd. 51.00% after change LDF LLC 49.00%
Cancellation of treasury stocks
The Board of Directors of KDDI at its meeting held on May 15, 2019, resolved that KDDI will cancel a portion of its treasury stock pursu- ant to Article 178 of the Companies Act of Japan, as stated below.
(1) Type of shares to be canceled: Shares of common stocks
(2) Number of shares to be canceled: 176,630,845 shares (6.98% of the total issued shares before cancellation)
(3) Date of cancellation: May 23, 2019
Reference: After the cancellation, the number of treasury stocks will be 0.18% of the total number of issued shares.
Total number of issued shares after the cancellation: 2,355,373,600 shares
Total number of treasury stocks after the cancellation: 4,322,928 shares(*)
* These are only shares of KDDI shares owned by the executive’s compen- sation BIP Trust Account and ESOP Trust Account.
Repurchase of treasury stocks
The Board of Directors of KDDI at its meeting held on May 15, 2019, resolved that KDDI will repurchase its own shares pursuant to Article 156 of the Companies Act of Japan, which applies pursuant to Article 165, Paragraph 3, of that law.
(1) Reason for repurchase of KDDI’s own shares
To implement flexible capital policies in response to the change in the business environment and to provide shareholders return.
(2) Details of matters relating to the repurchase
(a) Type of shares to be repurchased:
Shares of common stock
(b) Total number of shares to be repurchased:
Up to 73,000,000 shares
(Ratio to the shares outstanding: 3.10%)
(c) Total amount of repurchase price: Up to ¥150 billion
(U.S.$1,351 million)
(d) Repurchase period: From May 16, 2019 to December 23,
2019
(e) Repurchase method: Market purchases through the Tokyo
Stock Exchange
Reference: Own shares held by KDDI as of March 31, 2019 Total number of shares outstanding: 2,351,050,672 shares Total number of treasury stocks(*):180,953,773 shares
* The number of treasury stocks listed includes the 4,322,928 shares of KDDI shares owned by the executives’ compensation BIP Trust Account and ESOP Trust Account.
 Shareholding ratios before change
(As of April 25, 2019)
 Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co., Ltd. LDF LLC
 52.96% 0.00%
 Shareholding ratios after the tender offer (As of June 20,2019)
  Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co., Ltd. LDF LLC
  52.96% 37.96%
   41 Approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2019 have been approved by the Board of Directors on June 20, 2019.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 129

Our Value Our Management Our Future Our Sustainability Financial Information
  130 KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
          
Corporate Overview
(As of March 31, 2019)
 Company Name
    Date of Establishment
    Business Objective
     Head Office
     Registered Place of Business
    President
     Capital
     Number of Employees
   KDDI CORPORATION
June 1, 1984 (The KDDI CORPORATION was established in October 2000 through the merger of DDI CORPORATION, KDD Corporation, and IDO CORPORATION.)
Telecommunications business
Garden Air Tower, 10-10, Iidabashi 3-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 102-8460, Japan
3-2, Nishi-Shinjuku 2-chome, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 163-8003, Japan
               Makoto Takahashi ¥141,852 million
41,996 (consolidated)
       Stock Information
(As of March 31, 2019)
 SE Code
     Number of Shares Authorized
    Number of Shares Issued and Outstanding
     Number of Shareholders
    9433
4,200,000,000 shares
2,532,004,445 shares
(Note) Following a cancellation of treasury stock on May 16, 2018, the total number of issued shares decreased by 55,209,080 shares.
229,439 shareholders
Breakdown of Shareholding by Investor Type
    Other Companies 29.55% Individuals and Others
(including treasury stock) 11.27%
335,096,000
298,492,800
217,873,800
128,821,400
40,664,620
37,066,776
34,294,300
33,936,100
29,209,675
27,073,419
2,532 million
Financial Institutions 25.38% Securities Firms 5.08%
Foreign Companies, etc. 28.72%
        Major Shareholders
KYOCERA Corporation
Toyota Motor Corporation
13.23 14.22
11.78 12.67
8.60 9.25
5.08 5.46
1.60 1.72
1.46 1.57
1.35 1.45
1.34 1.44
1.15 1.24
1.06 1.14
Name of Corporate Entity
  Number of Shares Held
Ratio of Controlling Share Note 1 (%)
 Ratio of Voting (%)
                           The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 380055
JP Morgan Securities Japan Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
State Street Bank West Client – Treaty 505234
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
                                                                                            (Note 1) The above ratio of controlling shares is calculated including treasury stocks (176,630,845 shares) (Note 2). KDDI excludes treasury stocks from the list of major shareholders above.
(Note 2) For accounting purposes the Company’s shares held in an executive remuneration Board Incentive Plan Trust account and Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust account (4,322,980
shares as of March 31, 2019) are added to the number of treasury shares. These shares do not have voting rights.
* “iPhone” is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. in the U.S. and other countries The trademark of iPhone was used under license from AIPHONE CO., LTD.
* Other company and product names are registered trademarks or trademarks of their respective companies
 Regarding the disclaimer related to corporate governance (from page 34)
Please note that the following is an English translation of the Japanese version (as of August 1, 2019), prepared for your reference and convenience only and without any warranty as to its accuracy or otherwise. In the event of any discrepancy, the Japanese original shall prevail.
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 131

 KDDI CORPORATION https://www.kddi.com/english/
KDDI CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
