   INTEGRATED REPORT 2021
               AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

Our Vision
Philosophy System
Our
We will strive to make positive contributions to society by providing appealing products from global perspectives and based on our vibrant and trustworthy corporate qualities.
1 We will strive to make a positive contribution to society with safe, appealing, and useful technology and products.
2 We will pull together culture based on trust, reliability and the pursuit of excellence.
3 We will be a good corporate citizen, ever mindful of our environmental responsibilities.
  経営 V理is念ion
      Shareholders and Investors
The Earth and Society
Brand Slogan
Mission
A great society comes from great materials.
Vision 2030
Company of Choice Globally
Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines
Suppliers
Declaration on Labor-Management Cooperation
    Customers
Employees
In March 2020, we created our brand slogan. This is our declaration to society that we intend to become a company that expands the possibilities of manufacturing by adding value to materials, as the starting point, to evolve them into products and systems.
The orange dots in the logo symbolize our commitment to using materials to support the future.
Brand website (Japanese only)
         CONTENTS
Vision for Aichi Steel
01 Our Vision/Editorial Policy 03 Message of Commitment
from the President
Growth Strategies
09 Business Environment Changes
11 Initiatives to Realize Vision 2030
(Medium-term Management Plan and Aichi Steel Priority Issues)
13 Aichi Steel Group
FY2021–23 Medium-term Management Plan
15 Message from the Finance Director Initiatives and Systems as
the Foundation for Growth
17 E Priority Issue 1
Contribute to a sustainable
global environment 21 S Priority Issue 2
Encourage the creation of workplaces that are safe and comfortable to improve employee happiness
About the Cover
This report uses colors representing the elements of ESG while expressing the steady progress of activities for each and demonstrating a management approach that focuses on steady growth to achieve the Aichi Steel Vision 2030.
Growth Initiatives and Systems Financial/
Strategies as the Foundation Non-financial Data for Growth
  23 S Priority Issue 3
    25 27 29 31 33 S
Create a prosperous society through business reform and provide extremely competitive products
Hagane Company
Stainless Steel Company
Kitaeru Company
Smart Company
Priority Issue 4
Strengthen Relationships with Local Communities, and Actively Contribute to Society
      35 G Financial/
Priority Issue 5
Increase Compliance Awareness Globally, and Strengthen Corporate Sustainability
  Non-financial Data
43 Key Financial Data
45 Financial/Non-financial Highlights
Value Creation
47 DNA of Aichi Steel 49 Aichi Steel Today
51 Value Creation Model
        Vision for Aichi Steel
    Base for Value Creation
 Editorial Policy
The Aichi Steel Integrated Report 2021 follows an integrated reporting format that combines financial and non-financial information, and presents fiscal 2020 initiatives along with specific examples, to increase understanding of the Aichi Steel Group among our stakeholders.
The report primarily aims to inform, in an easy-to-understand manner, our initiatives toward creating medium- to long-term corporate value as we implement ESG*1 management and contribute to the SDGs*2 in the middle of a rapidly changing business environment.
Use of color, volume of text, text size and other factors were taken into consideration to create a more easily readable report.
*1 ESG: Environmental, social and governance *2 SDGs: Sustainable Development Goals
Reporting Media
Our reporting via print and the web takes advantages of the characteristics of each medium. The print version narrows down the content to those items of significant importance and those of greatest interest to the public, presented in an easy-to-read and easy-to-understand format. The web version offers a more complete overview of our ESG initiatives.
Aichi Steel Integrated Report (this report)
Website
Importance to Aichi Steel Group and stakeholders
Readers
This Report is mainly intended for our shareholders and investors, customers, suppliers, other business partners, affiliated companies and our employees.
Report Period and Scope
The Report covers activities conducted by the Aichi Steel Group during fiscal 2020 (April 2020 to March 2021). However, some activities conducted before or after fiscal 2020 are also explained where necessary.
Reference Guidelines
• GRI Standards
• International Integrated Reporting Framework
(published by IIRC)
• ISO 26000 (Guidance on social responsibility)
Information Available on Our Website
Website
For topics with the “Web” mark, please refer to our website for further details including figures.
https://www.aichi-steel.co.jp/ENGLISH/csr/csr_report/index.html
Please use the web survey to provide feedback (opinions and requests) on this Integrated Report (Japanese only).
   01
The financial results forecasts in this report are based on judgments and assumptions from currently available information. Actual business results may differ greatly from targets, in light of their inherent uncertainty and the potential of revision due to future business operation or changes to information inside or
outside the company. AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 02
https://forms.office.com/r/JD78kfS35V
[Important note about forecasts]
QR code link to form:
 Complete Selected overview topics

        03
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 04
Message of Commitment from the President
Growth Initiatives and Systems Financial/
Strategies as the Foundation Non-financial Data for Growth
For an Earth, Society and Company
that Continue to Survive and Prosper
Takahiro Fujioka
President
    Vision for Aichi Steel
    Base for Value Creation
 ■ Looking Back at FY2020
Aichi Steel celebrated its 80th anniversary in 2020. In the words of Kiichiro Toyoda, who started a business that led to establishment of our company, “Great cars are made with great steel.” Based on this belief, while still in the early years of the automotive industry, we set out on the uncharted path of manufacturing specialty steels for automobiles.
What we have inherited from 80 years ago is the DNA of
Over the 11 years since I became president, the whole of society, as well as the steel and automotive industries, have faced a time of tremendous change. We have experienced a series of ordeals, including the explosion at our Chita Plant on January 8, 2016, which
we must never forget,
over this time. Thanks to the January 8 accident, we were able to apply the knowledge gained and systems developed in our response to
COVID-19 in fiscal 2020.
With prompt management decisions to establish a
COVID-19 headquarters and support center, and expand the use of teleworking, we were able to create an environment for business continuity without loss of productivity while maintaining safety. We have organized
that we are incorporating into our new Medium-term Management Plan and workstyle reform.
During fiscal 2020, COVID-19 created an extremely difficult business environment, resulting in dramatic reductions in sales volumes and increased prices for scrap metal, our main raw material. Production fell by 30% and operating profits were 2.7 billion yen in the red during the first half of the year. However, with a recovery of demand and the strengthening of Genryou Management (managing with limited order quantity) in the second half, we were in the black again after absorbing our first half losses and rapid rises in the cost of raw materials to achieve full-year net sales of 204.9 billion yen, operating profits of 3.5 billion yen, and profit attributable to owners of the parent company of 3.0 billion yen.
our lessons from the pandemic into five themes to create a
 “new business style”
 “a sense of purpose for the future” and “willingness to
 pioneer new frontiers.”
  but have still managed to transform
 the strength of individuals into a strong organization while
 achieving steady growth*1
  
            With the pervasive sense of despair surrounding the pandemic, I felt that
morale. While we were unable to control the external environment, including demand and the price of raw materials, we were determined to implement Genryou Management, which was something we could do as a company. Genryou Management means building structures that are profitable even with small production volumes by lowering costs and break-even points, and maintaining those levels. Although our activities were only modest, such as determining and carefully managing fixed and variable
expenses, and consolidating our equipment*2, each of our companies committed themselves to their implementation. It is important to maintain these practices as they provide fertile soil for maximizing profits when sales volumes finally recover. This time, we have seen positive results and I also feel that these efforts have had a positive impact on employee motivation as well. For Aichi Steel, as the price of raw materials has a significant impact on profits, we will continue to focus on implementing Genryou Management to become a company that remains profitable through production systems that are resilient to change.
Confronting a Dramatically Changing Business Environment
In establishing a range of frameworks and clarifying the core philosophy and framework of Aichi Steel, we now understand where we need to be headed as an organization. This means using CASE technologies, carbon neutrality, and digital transformation (DX) to strengthen the company’s foundations and accelerate implementation of more essential initiatives.
CASE (connected, autonomous, shared & services, and electric)
To survive the once-in-a-century transition that the automotive industry is undergoing, we have to offer products that contribute toward the A (autonomous driving) and E (electric) elements of CASE technologies. Going forward, we will continue to accelerate our existing initiatives while driving further reinforcement and implementation.
Carbon neutrality
The Japanese government’s Carbon Neutral by 2050 initiative will have a significant impact on companies like Aichi Steel that are heavy users of electric energy. However, because this is a core mission for us, we believe that it also offers opportunities for our company, despite the difficulties it brings, such as considerable increases in energy and development costs. While collaborating with the government, other industries and competitor companies, we have established a task force, which I am leading, that aims to reduce CO2 emissions by 35% by 2030 (compared to 2013 levels) and work toward carbon neutrality by 2050.
To achieve these targets, we will develop innovative technologies for reducing CO2 emissions while maintaining focus on full implementation of initiatives we have been conducting in the past and initiatives we can conduct now. If each organization determines how to reduce energy consumption in each and every process of their production activities, and how to develop energy-saving technologies, and then establishes targets that they put into practice, then it will demonstrate the likelihood of success and encourage employees to move forward. I am confident that the unique Kaizen capabilities developed over the years by the Toyota Group can be applied to decarbonization as well. By expanding our capabilities, used in the past to overcome many ordeals, with a sense of urgency, we will work on achieving carbon neutrality going forward. Digital transformation (DX)
Digital transformation has the power to improve the quality of information and increase the speed of management. It will
is a management guideline in Vision 2030. In April 2021, we established a cross-company organization with leaders assigned to each of the five themes to clarify directions and deadlines. Initiatives have been launched to create a resilient framework for manufacturing and developing talent. The reason that we chose the cross-company format was to maintain a bird’s eye view of the initiatives. Tasks that concern the company as a whole are connected because departments and organizations cannot complete them on their own. They have to understand the whole picture, including how the different things they have to do are connected, and what they ultimately want to achieve.
Under this organization, we will work to digitize data on tasks that previously relied on skills, intuition and tacit knowledge, and streamline partially optimized data from each process to create explicit knowledge. This
we needed to commit to a positive
■
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
 Message of Commitment from the President
 financial result in order to maintain and improve employee
    *1 Steady growth: Growth that is ongoing, even little by little, like the rings of a tree that continue to be formed regardless of environmental change
*2 Consolidating equipment: Aggregation of multiple production lines and equipment, and effective use of excess equipment, line space and labor,
to improve utilization rates
■ Formulating Vision 2030 for the Aichi Steel Group
GMPS autonomous driving support system
  On top of the pandemic, society is currently undergoing a paradigm shift based on ideas such as sustainability and SDGs. For us to continue achieving steady growth in this environment, we have to respond to social changes from a long-term perspective. To achieve this goal, it is essential that Aichi Steel has a core philosophy and framework.
For this reason, we have formulated wide-ranging frameworks that include the in-house company system that we introduced in 2017, the Aichi Way that we formulated in
2018 as a set of universal values and codes for everyone in the Aichi Steel Group to follow, and our brand slogan and Declaration on Labor-Management Cooperation, reinforcing unity between workers and managers, that we established in 2020. While facing an uncertain future, we have also established Vision 2030 in line with our renewed understanding of the need to work backward from an ideal future and incorporate ESG management into our business initiatives.
     Vision 2030: Company of Choice Globally
Basic Policy
Enhance earnings capacity by reforming business and manufacturing capabilities while putting ESG management into practice
Management Guidelines
(1) Contribution to a sustainable global environment
(2) Creation of a prosperous society through business reform (3) Employee happiness and corporate development
 Clarifying directions for the company will change the perspective of employees and lead to forward-looking decisions about business and investment options rather than being short-sighted. With Vision 2030 launching in fiscal 2020, each in-house company and headquarters has
collaborated on activities to promote greater understanding and penetration of the vision among all group employees. In just over a year since it was formulated,
to see the results in their thinking, words, and decisions.
Manufacturing reform
E.g., Consistency of data
Five DX
Themes
Digital solutions
E.g., Dramatically increased speed of R&D
visible change in employee awareness, and we are starting
there has been a
support the “creation of a prosperous society through business reform,” which
help our businesses reform and
Electric furnace exhaust heat recovery system completed in 2020
    Smart factories
E.g., Creating explicit knowledge from tacit knowledge
       Workstyle reform
E.g., Development of IT talent
Group IT governance
E.g., Improved IT literacy among group companies
 05
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 06
 
            Message of Commitment from the President
will not only lead to faster management decisions but will also improve intellectual productivity as well to improve employee motivation.
In the middle of a business environment that continues to rapidly change, I realize that
whether the methods we are using to get there are
appropriate. I believe the proper course of action in a changing environment is to start afresh and proceed from there, so Vision 2030 will not remain unchanged. This is because it is important at this time to move quickly but with an eye on the future.
Refer to pp. 9-10 for details.
on roles instead of titles, while bringing all management into one structure that we have simplified by reducing ranks and numbers. Under this new structure, I want to focus on the above four key points to help realize the new plan.
■ Overview of the New Medium-term Management Plan
Measures under the new Medium-term Management Plan will embody the three management guidelines of Vision 2030.
Under the “contribution to a sustainable global environment” guideline, we will develop and improve innovative technologies toward carbon neutrality from the 4R perspective of reduce, reuse, recycle, and renewable. I am leading the Task Force for Promoting Carbon Neutrality where we are implementing companywide initiatives under the three pillars of eco-management, eco-energy, and eco-production. The task force comprises six subcommittees in the areas of planning, technology innovation, energy conservation, process reforming, environmental conservation, and eco-products.
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
      ■ Positioning and Key Points
About the New Medium-term Management Plan
 In April 2021, we launched a new Medium-term Management Plan to run for three years. This is an action plan under Vision 2030, as a concrete demonstration of the priority issues and roadmap for the first three years of initiatives to realize Vision 2030. With detailed information on what each of us should be doing in our daily jobs, the plan enables all employees to share the same directions and move forward to bring Vision 2030 to fruition.
It is clear that a vision cannot be realized if only supported by management, and
. The idea of the new Medium-term Management Plan is that every employee must be able to feel themselves moving slowly but surely forward over the three years of the plan. For this reason, I am taking the lead myself to disseminate information through channels such as the internal newsletter, where I can speak my mind, in order to promote further understanding and
penetration of the plan within the company.
There are four key points to the new plan that I want to
focus on. The first is putting “ambidextrous management” into practice. It is only a matter of time before our steel and forging businesses start to decline if we do nothing, which is why we have to create products that add value and maintain profitability. On the other hand, in the areas of stainless steel and smart technologies, there are opportunities to create new businesses. This is why, under the new plan, we will put ambidextrous management into practice to both maintain and expand profitability.
The second key point is
systems to promote them. We will create a solid foundation over this time to support initiatives for realizing our vision for fiscal 2024 and beyond. Designated in April 2021 as a Digital Transformation Certified Company by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, we will continue to enhance these initiatives going forward.
The third key point is
(defect-free process completion) approach, which are two ongoing initiatives for creating underlying strengths for the company. In terms of Genryou Management, we will continue to
in response to change, and to achieve this we will ensure implementation of companywide
efforts toward building a stronger company.
“Jikotei Kanketsu” is an overall approach to good work
practices, rather than a localized approach, that clarifies the work that each of us should be doing. Through this approach, employees review and continually improve their own work to enable downstream employees to smoothly complete their tasks without defects. In other words, the basic approach is to have confidence and pride in your own work no matter what that work may be, whether at Headquarters or elsewhere, not just at production facilities. Since 2018, we have been conducting “Jikotei Kanketsu” training for employees promoted to team leader positions, and we have been developing environments that enable instruction and practice of this approach in the workplace. We also continue to develop educational curricula, such as problem solving and the Toyota Production System (TPS), and through such efforts to develop our employees, we will
.
The fourth key point is incorporating
into our new Medium-term Management Plan with the aim of using the lessons of COVID-19 to achieve growth for the company. The new business style comprises (1) safe and reassuring work environments, (2) contribution to all stakeholders, (3) enhanced work life balance (4) development of autonomous human resources, and (5) promotion of cost reductions in line with the TPS. I want to respond properly to the many different social and attitudinal changes that the pandemic has brought.
As one of the ways that we will achieve these goals, we have completely reformed our executive management structure. To achieve faster decision-making and speedier business execution that can meet drastic changes in the business environment, we have revised the format to focus
Under the
of value-added products by reforming our existing
businesses, and accelerate development in next-generation areas such as CASE technologies. Finally, we will pursue these efforts through the “employee happiness and corporate development” guideline as we continue building environments where diverse human resources can play active roles and where our employees can work with vigor and enthusiasm.
   guideline, we will accelerate the creation
Refer to pp. 13-14 and pp. 25-32 for details. ■ The Challenge for Survival in the Future
 Aichi Steel is a company that started from the determination to produce steel from scratch. This high aspiration, and innovation and creativity, are our DNA and our strengths, which have been passed down to us as assets. In the Aichi Way, we have embodied them in the form of action guidelines. As the only materials company within the Toyota Group, we have an obligation to supply high quality, low cost products to contribute to the growth of the group. As such, we have applied this awareness and practice to create specialty steel technologies that produce high quality products. Contributing to the businesses of all our customers, these technologies are appreciated not only by the Toyota Group but by other companies as well.
Within the steel industry of Japan, specialty steels are also considered to be the final stronghold against overseas offensives due to the outstanding quality and superior productivity they provide, and their excellent technical capabilities and competitiveness based on proprietary know-how. From the social dimension, the steel industry is situated in an extremely difficult situation. However, Aichi Steel
.
Because of these difficult times we live in, I would like to
raise “Survival” as my thesis (an assertion of intent). By formulating, sharing, and continually implementing a clear framework, we have been able to learn from our many past difficulties, including the January 8 accident. I feel that we have acquired considerable experience and knowledge, and as a result have dramatically improved our ability to survive. But this ability to survive is really “the power of people.” Going forward, I will continue focusing on developing human resources and, as per part of our company vision, create a corporate culture where every employee has a sense of “making a positive contribution to society” while creating an underlying strength for responding to any change in the business environment with a forward-looking, can-do attitude. Changes in our surrounding environment are intensifying, but we have to work together to survive these difficult times. I aim to continue leading the way and taking the initiative so that
I have been given the responsibility of ensuring that Aichi Steel
smiling employees into the future, and I promise to do my best to achieve this goal.
        07
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 08
demonstrating directions for the company and then
I must take command by
  determining whether we are going in the right direction or
 it is more important for 100 people to
maintain profitability with resilience to upward
 and downward movements
 “creation of a prosperous society through
  business reform”
 take one step forward, than for one person to take 100
 steps, so that we all advance as one
 improve the strength of our organization by improving the
 individual capabilities of each of our employees
 a new business style
 establishing specific three-year
 targets for carbon neutrality, CASE technologies and digital
 transformation, and ensuring steady implementation of
 every employee can share the collective consciousness,
 and take on the challenges, of “Survival.”
 is determined to tackle carbon neutrality and other
 difficult challenges, and to raise its corporate value, as the
 developer of specialty steels in Japan and as a company
continues to survive and develop as a company for
 decades to come, and that it remains a company of happy,
  putting Genryou Management into
that underpins the growth of the Toyota Group
  practice and thoroughly implementing our “Jikotei Kanketsu”
 
            Growth Strategies
for Growth
Interview
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Initiatives and Systems Financial/ Strategies as the Foundation Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
   Business Environment Changes
As the social environment continues to change at a dramatic pace, Aichi Steel needs to address a series of new
challenges, including CASE technologies and carbon neutrality. In addition to analyzing risks and opportunities throughout society, we turn the spotlight onto carbon neutrality in this report as a particularly fast-changing topic and introduce related initiatives and long-term strategies of our company.
Carbon Neutrality through Perseverance and Innovation
 Environmental Analysis
Category
●Global warming ●Biodiversity
Risks and Opportunities
Measures (Current)
Aichi Steel is a resource-recycling company, using steel scrap from automobile and infrastructure dismantling as our main raw material in manufacturing. The Aichi Environmental Action Plan sets out plans and targets for reducing CO2 emissions and addressing environmental issues in local communities. In addition to adopting new technologies for improving heat efficiency and recovering exhaust heat, we have continued activities to achieve harmony with nature under the plan, including installation of LED lighting and other efforts to conserve energy, and creation of biotopes from Nakashinden green spaces. One important guideline for promoting ESG management under Vision 2030 is
.
Last year, the government launched its Carbon Neutral by 2050 initiative, which represents a huge challenge for us because our existing initiatives and pace of implementation alone will not be enough. To reach this target, we need a massive change of policy that does not just concern us but includes the establishment of significant guidelines and measures by the government, the cooperation of energy, transport and all other industries, and the development of innovative technologies. We perceive
.
Over the years since joining Aichi Steel, I have acquired most of my experience in the hot rolling mill at Chita Plant and in Production Engineering. I have worked as Plant Manager of Chita Plant, General Manager of Production Engineering Headquarters, and Hagane Company President. As an operator of electric furnaces and other heating furnaces that use large amounts of electric power and fuels, Aichi Steel is a heavy user of energy. Therefore, in working toward carbon neutrality, the increase in energy costs will be an unavoidable challenge for us. In the past, we faced many changes in the social environment that were out of our control, from oil shocks and appreciation of the yen to the global financial crisis and the current COVID-19 pandemic. At each of these times, we have worked together to confront the issue, grown stronger as a company, and overcome the difficulties. Going forward,
etc.), and using hydrogen and ammonia. By driving these innovative initiatives, we will contribute toward realizing a green society.
Naohiro Yasunaga
Safety & Environmental Officer
Director and Managing Executive Officer
Driving appropriate, timely and efficient
initiatives through the Task Force for
Promoting Carbon Neutrality
After establishing the Task Force for Promoting Carbon Neutrality, led by the president with myself as general leader, we commenced operations from June. Each subcommittee has a leader and support officer assigned to promote specific topics in a timely manner through speedy and reliable business decisions.
The CN Planning Subcommittee has an important role in determining overall directions with an added focus on the business environment. With dramatic changes already occurring in the short time since the government launched this initiative,
response quickly. With the necessity of also moving ahead with a shared understanding of the targets, this subcommittee is gathering information from a wide range of sources, not just steel companies. In addition to individual efforts, use of renewable energy is essential, so it is also developing collaborative structures with energy companies.
Through this task force, we will
even earlier than 2050.
Important long-term perspectives
This initiative will not produce results immediately. Rather, it will be a long battle that we will persevere with in order to realize carbon neutrality by 2050 at the latest. This is why we have recruited many young people in their 20s and 30s as members of the task force, while building experience in ways to drive these initiatives and developing talented people who will ensure efforts continue until we reach carbon neutrality. I understand that my role
younger generation as future leaders. I will strive to ensure Aichi Steel survives well into the future.
    Changes in the global environment
● CASE (automobile structural changes, autonomous driving)
● Digital transformation
●Response to carbon neutrality
• Increasing burden of energy costs
• Increasing burden associated with developing
●Aichi Environmental Action Plan (renewed every five years) ●Development and adoption of technologies to reduce CO2 emissions • Development and in-plant trials of heat storage system able to recover
innovative technologies and utilizing renewable energy • Increasing trust in companies working to achieve
exhaust heat from plants (2019)
• Exhaust heat recovery system able to convert exhaust heat from
carbon neutrality
• Increasing demand for eco-products
• Improving competitiveness of technologies through
electric furnaces into steam energy and use it (2020)
development of innovative technologies
●Environmental preservation activities
• Local and social contributions, including development of Nakashinden green spaces and maintenance of biodiversity (from 2013)
  Changes in existing market environments
● Rebuilding of social infrastructure
● Growth of overseas manufacturers and structural
reform of iron and steel companies
● Development of materials and products that can help with updating of social infrastructure
● Expansion of the EV market (expansion of demand for materials and components for BEVs)
● Development of materials and components for BEVs and FCEVs ● Expansion of business into new fields
● Improvement of productivity through digital transformation
  Arrival of the smart society
● Reduction in use of specialty steels due to electrification of vehicles
● Expansion of markets for new technologies and materials
● Improved competitiveness of integrated forging with steel making processes
  Changes
in social environment
● Aging and diversity
● Safety and health
● Spread of new infectious
diseases
● Dwindling workforce due to declining birthrates ● Driving workstyle reform
● Impacts of pandemic on business
● Enhancement of diversity
● Improvement of work environments
● Health promotion activities
● Building of flexible production systems and promotion of diverse
workstyles
   ● Social infrastructure lifespan
● Iron and steel demand trends
        Working to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
The Japanese government’s Carbon Neutral by 2050 initiative*, launched in 2021, will have an enormously significant operational impact on manufacturers using electric furnaces like Aichi Steel, a heavy user of electric energy. This includes increases in the cost of energy and expenses associated with developing completely new technologies. Rather than wavering between whether or not to adopt this initiative, we accepted carbon neutrality as a necessary challenge and focused on what we needed to do to reach the target. We are now working hard to achieve carbon neutrality.
* The Japanese government first launched the Carbon Neutral by 2050 initiative in 2020, and revised its CO2 reduction target for 2030 upward to 46% in 2021.
New initiatives in progress: Establishment and operation of the Task Force
for Promoting Carbon Neutrality
Within the Environmental Working Group, chaired by President Fujioka, we have been working on initiatives such as building a low-carbon society, building a resource-recycling society, and preventing environment abnormalities. To enhance these activities, we have reorganized and have commenced activities under three pillars. We have also designated two of our seven plants in Japan as “carbon neutral model plants” where we are taking the lead and implementing two initiatives: (1) Utilization of solar power to achieve in-house power generation at Seki Plant, and (2) Promotion of CO2 reduction through use of renewable energy at Kariya Plant.
Organizational structure and roles
3 pillars
6 subcommittees
   is to create the roadmap and
 foundations to reach that goal, and then pass the reins to the
              Environmental Working Group (Chairman: Aichi Steel President)
 Top Management Meeting (Aichi Steel President, Executive Vice President, General Managers, Company Presidents)
Safety & Environmental Div. Director Naohiro Yasunaga
 Promotion office: Safety & Environmental Div.
Corporate Planning Div. Executive Officer
  Environmental ISO Review Committee (Heads of Each Site)
 Aichi Steel Group Environmental Committee
 Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager
 Eco-management
Eco-energy   Eco-production
      CN Planning Subcommittee
CN Technology Innovation Subcommittee
CN Energy Conservation Subcommittee
CN Process Reform Subcommittee
Environmental Conservation Subcommittee
Eco-products Subcommittee
       Roles
Overall management of ever-changing data collection and formulation of carbon neutrality (CN) strategies
Development of technologies for recovery and use of CO2 (methanation, etc.)
and renewable energies
Plant-driven improvement activities, including energy conservation, production efficiency, and adoption of the latest devices
and tools
Production Engineering-driven activities for reforming Aichi Steel proprietary technologies and logistics operations, reforming and shortening processes, and achieving 100% recycling of BEVs and other automobiles
Social contribution activities in collaboration with local communities, including fulfilling environmental responsibilities and utilizing Nakashinden green spaces
Contribution to automobile lightweighting, development or necessary materials for BEVs and FCEVs, management of chemical substances in products, etc.
09
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 10
“contribution to a
 sustainable global environment,” and I am proud of the way
 our company has surely and steadily implemented such
it is important that we gather accurate and
  initiatives over many years
up-to-date information to set up the most appropriate
  start by working to reduce
 this situation as offering
CO2 emissions by 35% by 2030 (compared to 2013 levels)
 while also investigating how to achieve carbon neutrality
  new business opportunities rather than risks. We feel that it is
 important to utilize the know-how built up over many years of
 improvement activities in developing innovative technologies
 and new products that anticipate future global needs
 we will continue turning difficulties into
 opportunities by developing innovative technologies that
 demonstrate our leadership in the steel industry, developing
 eco-products for the automotive industry, using solar power
  and other renewable energies, reusing CO2 (methanation,

        Vision for Aichi Steel
Base for Value Creation
 Three Management Guidelines to Realize Vision 2030
Aichi Steel Priority Issues
 1
Contribute to a sustainable global environment
  Environmental responsibility CO2 emission reductions Harmony with nature
    Volume of direct and indirect landfill waste Breakdown of energy use (CO2 emissions)
Status of efforts to preserve biodiversity (number of Nakashinden indicator species, number of volunteer activities, etc.)
   p. 46
(Volume of direct and indirect landfill waste)
p. 19, p. 46
(Total CO2 emissions)
p. 20
(Harmony with nature)
  p. 22
(Frequency rate and number of lost time accidents)
p. 21
(Initiatives toward diversity)
p. 22
(Human resources development)
 pp. 25-32
p. 24
(Awards for Group companies)
Website
(Training programs for sales staff)
Website
(Collection of customer evaluations)
   Driving DX
Positioning of Vision 2030 and the New Medium-term Management Plan
Presence in the local community
Local communities
p. 33, p. 46
(Annual number of volunteers)
p. 34
(Interaction with
the local community)
      5
Increase compliance awareness globally, and strengthen corporate sustainability
  Compliance (environment) Compliance (society)
Compliance (product responsibility) Governance system
     Results of environmental management system audit
Status of various efforts to strengthen compliance (number of lectures and internal audits; held as
a percentage of those planned)
Certification and review by a third-party organization
   Website
(Environmental audit results)
p. 37
(Compliance promotion activities)
Website
(Third-party certifications)
    Growth Strategies
Initiatives to Realize Vision 2030
(Medium-term Management Plan
and Aichi Steel Priority Issues)
Vision 2030 clarifies what we want to achieve by 2030, and it presents a basic policy to enhance earnings capacity by reforming business and manufacturing while putting ESG management into practice. As a concrete plan and targets to realize this vision in respect to the FY2021–23 Medium-term Management Plan formulated in May 2021 and the five priority issues of ESG Management that we have been continually working on, we will strengthen the foundations of our company through digital transformation (DX) and accelerate initiatives, and use this to achieve steady growth.
Contribution to a sustainable global environment
1 Fulfill environmental responsibilities
2 Contribute to a low-carbon society
3 Harmony with nature
Employee happiness
and corporate development
1 Safe and reassuring work environments
2 Enhance work life
3 Produce autonomous
human resources
Creation of a prosperous society through business reform
1 Reform existing business
2 Develop business in new
(smart) fields
3 Shift from manufacturing
to building value-added service systems
to Accelerate Solutions for Priority Issues (examples)
Priority issues
2
Encourage the creation of workplaces that are safe and comfortable to improve employee happiness
3
Create a prosperous society through business reform and provide extremely competitive products
4
Strengthen relationships with local communities, and actively contribute to society
Components
Key performance indicator (KPIs)
Applicable section
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
   E
Environmental
                 S
Social
Safe and reassuring work environments
Work-life balance enhancement
Autonomous human resources production
Existing business reform Development of business in new fields
Shift from manufacturing to building value-added service systems
Quality-improvement initiatives
Status of facilities improvements based on safety evaluations, status of safety measures and efforts to strengthen safety awareness, and frequency of lost time accidents
Assistance and programs for supporting diverse work styles, and their status of use
Status of efforts to improve employee productivity
Initiative status and growth strategies of each Company
Status of quality improvement efforts
(number of recognitions received and description)
Sales staff training, quality improvement activities (number of times held, number of participants, etc.)
Collection of customer evaluations
(number collected and percentage of improvements, resolutions, etc.)
Status of social contribution activities selected under in-house criteria (number of participants)
Status of local community development programs (plans and achievements against those plans)
          • Digitization of data on tasks that previously relied on skills, intuition and tacit knowledge • Creation of explicit knowledge from streamlined data
• Improvement of intellectual productivity to increase employees’ motivation
     FY2021–23 Medium-term Management Plan
FY2024–26
FY2027–30
Vision 2030
G
   11
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 12
Governance

            Growth Strategies
Aichi Steel Group
FY2021–23 Medium-term Management Plan Vision 2030: Medium-term Management Plans of each department that
are closely associated with the three management guidelines
Contribution to a sustainable global environment
Aims
Priority Issues
Eco-program for a happy, smiling and prosperous future Contribute toward a sustainable global environment
by implementing three pillars of the basic environmental policy
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Environment
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
       The Medium-term Management Plans for each department and company function are closely tied to the three management guidelines in Vision 2030. They are also an important step toward realizing that vision. The whole company will work together on activities to ensure steady implementation of the Medium-term Management Plans as we move toward the overarching goal of realizing Vision 2030.
Quality
Aims Master manufacturing with a focus on quality
Priority Issues Strengthen the foundations of Jikotei Kanketsu for office
and plant workers by promoting the three pillars of quality
Production Management
Safety
Three pillars of the basic environmental policy
(1) Eco-energy:
Contribute toward a low-carbon society by reducing CO2 emissions
(2) Eco-production:
Contribute toward a resource-recycling society by recycling automobiles
(3) Eco-management:
Fulfill environmental responsibilities and grow together with local communities
   Aims
Priority Issues
Transform into a company recognized by society
as having a safety culture
Strengthen foundations through reform of management, human resources and workplaces
      Three pillars of quality
(1) Quality management: Reforming QMS based on IATF 16949
(2) Development of quality-conscious human resources:
Developing and utilizing talent able to put Jikotei Kanketsu into
practice
(3) Fundamentally high quality design:
• Strengthening quality assurance for existing products • Building a quality assurance system for new products
    Aims
Priority Issues
Drive manufacturing innovation:
Strengthen the foundations of TPS to help with Genryou Management
• Drive business process reform:
Consistency and digital transformation
• Genryou Management and optimized overall direct control:
Personnel management and assignments, etc. • Develop TPS-conscious human resources:
Driving force behind manufacturing innovation
Creation
of a prosperous society through business reform
Employee happiness and corporate development
Corporate Planning Headquarters
Aims
Individual self transformation, with all Headquarters uniting to quickly and boldly work toward employee happiness and corporate development
Priority Issues
• Manage progress of Vision 2030, medium-term and
annual management plans, and effectively invest resources
• Quickly and strongly implement ESG- and stakeholder-oriented measures • Develop strategies for subsidiaries to help improve corporate value
for the Aichi Steel Group
Marketing & Sales Headquarters
Aims
Priority Issues
Aims
Priority Issues
Aims
Priority Issues
Maintain volume while improving profitability
Fulfill sales responsibilities
1. Secure order volumes up to the limits of production capacity 2. Improve profitability by refilling orders
Dramatically increase the speed of R&D to become an innovation creator Drive innovation through manufacturing that creates a sustainable
and smart society
Manufacturing with the best quality, delivery and cost to achieve steady growth Create workplaces that can utilize individuality and
an overall optimized perspective
Realize Vision 2030 and Genryou Management
Profit Targets
Key Management Targets
Priority Safety Measures
(1) Safety management: Culture of safety with mutual awareness
(2) Development of safety-conscious human resources:
Teaching company traditions and developing autonomous
human resources
(3) Fundamentally safe design: Improving disaster mitigation efforts
(4) Health management: Creating workplaces with an open culture
where employees can work with vitality
       FY2020 (Actual)
FY2023 (Forecast)
▶ 250.8 billion yen ▶ 6.0% ▶ 30.0% ▶ 5.5% ▶ 51.2 billion yen ▶ 62.7 billion yen ▶ 16.9 billion yen
    Research and Development Headquarters
2017
2020
2023 2030 20+ billion yen
2040
Smart
Existing businesses
204.9 billion yen
New businesses
Net sales
Operating profit margin 1.7% Payout ratio 29.1% ROE 1.9%
  Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters
Consolidated operating profits (Billion yen)
15
billion yen
3.6 5.1 3.9 FY2023
Smart
Stainless Steel
Kitaeru Hagane FY2030
Stainless Steel
12.8 billion yen Depreciation expenses* 14.4 billion yen
1.3
Increase Maintain
▶ Increase profitability
Hagane Kitaeru
▶ Maintain profitability
Capital expenditures*
Interest bearing debt* 75.7 billion yen
 Companies
Details of the Medium-term Management Plan
for Hagane, Stainless Steel, Kitaeru, and Smart companies:
Refer to Priority Issue 3 on pp. 25–32
3.5 billion yen
0.6
2.4
1.9
2.3 (deficit) FY2020
* Non-consolidated
 13
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 14

            Growth Strategies
Message from the Finance Director
Tackling Manufacturing Head-on as We Continue to Build on Our Collective Strengths
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
  I would like to start by thanking everyone for their continued support of Aichi Steel.
To ensure all our stakeholders, including shareholders, continue to feel good about their support for our company, in addition to the assurance and stability we always provide, we aim to be ready for any change in the business environment. I am confident that we already have enough base and assets that will enable us to do that.
Ever since our company was founded, we have worked hard for the betterment of society using our traditional manufacturing capabilities. President Fujioka’s management style
company and valuing the basics of manufacturing.
For example, with this new challenge of carbon neutrality, the whole company is working hard together. We are sharing the challenge and doing everything we can to deliver solutions. During the process, we struggle, we think, we maintain our resolve, and we push through to the end. By doing so, team members grow and can respond at a higher level. We will spiral up by continuing such a cycle.
. One concrete example of this is Genryou Management (managing with limited order quantity), which enabled us to show good profitability in our full-year results by adjusting the production system in line with volumes when production took a massive downturn, followed by a massive upturn, as the pandemic spread. By strengthening the capabilities of our individuals and organizations, we are ensuring improvements to the
underlying strengths of manufacturing.
As a member of the Toyota Group, we are always directly involved in the latest and greatest social challenges and have to tackle these difficult targets head-on. This gives us the opportunity to apply ourselves tirelessly to these challenges, and by remaining resolute in our efforts, we can hone our capabilities and improve our competitiveness.
   focuses on being thorough, and working to evolve
everyone at the company is able to learn about the TPS,
 TQM, and problem-solving skills, and provide honest
 input to improve them. This system of ongoing
 improvement has the overwhelming ability to strengthen
  and improve Aichi Steel, while protecting the DNA of the
our individuals and organizations while always producing
In the 167 QC Circle teams, knowledge is shared to solve problems [Image: administrative department]
We have also managed to maintain a rating of “A” for our financial rating. In discussions with shareholders and investors, I sense a feeling of trust in our ability to maintain strong financial health. The share market has evaluated positively as well, with Aichi Steel judged as meeting the criteria for listing on the TSE Prime Market Index in the new market segments from April 2022.
I also think that being part of the Toyota Group will become more and more significant for us going forward. Obviously, it means that we have a stable customer base, but more importantly,
companies.
Participation in the National Skills Competition from 2019 to create a culture that values technical skills
Going forward,
. We will also not hesitate to invest in reviews of our portfolio as well as the new technologies and facilities required to survive difficult business environments. We understand that it will take time to achieve our targets, such as return on assets, but we will monitor our progress as appropriate. Above
all, you can trust in our collective strengths.
At Aichi Steel, every day is spent building on our collective strengths so that we can become the Company of Choice Globally.
  the right answers
       it means that we have
 responsibilities and missions to fulfill as part of the
  Toyota Group, one of the world’s leading groups of
we will use these comprehensive
 assets—traditional manufacturing capabilities, ability to
 continue strengthening our individuals and organizations,
 stable financial base, and Toyota Group strengths—to
 respond flexibly to changes in the environment while
 increasing the pace of “kaizen” and reform
  15
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 16
By clarifying directions through the
 Company Vision and Medium-term Management Plans,
President Fujioka providing guidance directly to managers in a problem solving lecture
Naoki Ishii
General Manager,
Corporate Planning Headquarters Managing Executive Officer
Active companywide participation in TPS self-study meetings to promote use of the TPS
[Image: Joint workshop held at Aichi Steel in 2019]

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 1
for Growth
Aichi Environmental Action Plan
As a statement of policies and plans for environmental actions from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2020, the Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan adopts three core themes for the direction of our environmental action based on environmental management: “building a low-carbon society,” “building a resource-recycling society” and “achieving harmony with nature.” By reinforcing management from a global perspective that extends to consolidated subsidiaries, we have been contributing, as a sustainable company, to society and the global environment, and have achieved a number of successes.
One of the management guidelines included in Vision 2030 for the Aichi Steel Group, which we formulated last year, is “Contribution to a sustainable global environment,” which comprises three elements: “Fulfill environmental responsibilities,” “Contribute to a low-carbon society,” and
“Harmony with nature.” As our five-year action plan for these important tasks, and as our commitment to society, we also established the Aichi 2025 Environmental Action Plan in March 2021. Under the slogan “Eco-program for a happy, smiling and
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Initiatives and Systems Financial/ Strategies as the Foundation Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
   E
Environmental
 Priority Issue 1
Contribute to a sustainable global environment
  Eco-program for a happy, smiling and prosperous future
 The Aichi Steel Group has established medium- to long-term targets around three environmental issues—“building a low-carbon society,” “building a resource-recycling society” and “achieving harmony with nature”—and is working to achieve those targets. Through these efforts, we are achieving efficient use of energy and resources and, through harmony between the global environment and manufacturing and by providing products and services with low environmental impact, we are contributing to a sustainable global environment.
Environmental management
Environmental activity promotion system
We formulated the “Environmental Action Plan” in June 1993, and the “Aichi Steel Environmental Charter” in June 1996. In order to achieve our goals, we are actively rolling out new initiatives. In light of the increasing global trend to ban, restrict, and control certain chemical substances contained in products, we revised the “Aichi Steel Environmental Charter” and management system in February 2017 to strengthen our management of chemical substances. In
Environmental guidelines
In order to promote environmental management activities, we have drawn up a set of Environmental Management Regulations. Its content can be broadly divided into the following four parts: 1) Items related to promoting environmental management; 2) Items related to compliance with and management of environmental regulations (laws,
prosperous future,” we will also actively promote eco-energy, eco-production, and eco-management as the three pillars of our basic environmental policy.
(Refer to the company website for details on the Aichi 2025 Environmental Action Plan.)
Eco- energy
Eco- production
Eco-
management
• Fulfill environmental responsibilities
• Conserve nature and biodiversity
• Communicate and disclose environmental information
 SDGs relevance
processes
• Adopt clean energy
products and technologies • Contribute to
■ FY2020 Action Items and Results (Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan)
Pursue the potential of materials and create new value
▲Three pillars of the Aichi 2025 Environmental Action Plan
• Pursue energy efficiency • Reform manufacturing
• Develop environmentally friendly
next-generation infrastructure
• Explore resource circulation
        Theme
Action item
Target
Major efforts
Results
Evaluation
 1. Undertake development
of eco-products and technologies
—
• Developmentofproductsthatreduce the environmental impact
• Next-generationenergiesandtechnologies that reduce environmental burdens
• Identifiedongoingtopicsfordevelopment and followed progress
2. Reduce CO2 emissions
through innovative improvements in energy efficiency
 Compliance with Japan Iron and Steel Federation’s Low-carbon Society Plan (Phase 1)
• Planning and implementing CO2 reduction activities at each plant
• Promotingenergysavingsinproduction On-site inspections to improve energy efficiency through joint patrols between each site and EMS*1
top management
• AchievedcompliancewithLow-carbonSocietyPlan(Phase1)
kg-CO2/t
470
460
449.6
450 440 430 420
447.9 442.6
  442.2 438.6
16 17 18 19 20
Target: 440.8
 × (Note 1)
3. Thorough implementation of energy saving activities in production
4. Seek better transportation efficiency in logistics
13% reduction
of emission volume per transportation unit from
the 2006 level
• Streamliningroutes
• Modalshift*2
• Improveloadingrates
Consolidation and shipment of cargo by destination vehicle
Review of the number of scheduled routes to suite cargo volume
kg-CO2/t
10.0 9.5 9.0 8.5 8.0 7.5
Target: 8.3
 8.0 8.0
7.9 8.2 16 17 18 19 20
 7.9
 06
5. Reduce by-products during production and continue to utilize resources effectively
220 kg/t or less emission volume per crude
steel unit
• Internalreuseofdustfromelectricfurnaces
• Internalrecyclingofelectricfurnacerefractories • Externalrecyclingofwasteacidandsludge
• Externalrecyclingofcleanedsludge
kg/crude steel t 230
228
Target: 220
  220
210
200
190 180 170
212 187
204 212
 16 17 18 19 20
× (Note 1)
6. Promote projects that benefit resource-recycling corporations
—
• AS Shot®*3 technology PR and promotion • Creationoftopicsfortechnologies
for 100% recycling of automobiles
7. Reduce and effectively use packaging materials in logistics operations
—
• Monitorfornewpackaging
• Nonefound
8. Reduce water use in production activities
—
• Continuemanagingwateruse
• ManagedspecificconsumptionatForgingPlantandGifuPlant
9. Promote activities for preservation of nature and biodiversity
—
• Promotionof“connected”initiatives
• Expandingnetworkofgroupsmakingefforts to achieve harmony with nature
• Maintainedbiodiversity-modelgreenspaces
• EnhancedPRofactivitiestoachieveharmony
with nature
× (Note 2)
10. Promote activities for zero abnormalities and complaints
Abnormalities/ complaints: 0/year
• Implementstrictmanagementtoachieve80%orbelow of regulation values set by environment-related laws
• Promotepreventionactivities
• Ongoingmeasurestopreventenvironmental near misses
• ConductedinspectionsbyChiefEMSOfficer
11. Enhance consolidated environmental management
—
• On-siteinspectionsofdomesticsubsidiaries
at “Aichi Steel Group Environmental Study Group”
• Environmentalauditsofdomesticsubsidiaries
by the General Manager of the Safety & Environmental Division • Enhancechemicalsubstancemanagementsystem
• Ongoing“AichiSteelGroupEnvironmentalStudyGroup” with domestic subsidiaries
• Ongoingenvironmentalaudits
• Establishedregulationsformanagingchemical
substances in products
12. Reduce emissions to contribute
to improvement of urban air quality in each country and region
—
• Monitortheadoptionoflow-emissionvehicles
• Continuemonitoringactivities
13. Promote environmental activities in coordination
with business partners
—
• Obtaininformation
on product chemical substances
• Obtaininformationonproductchemicalsubstances from contract processors
14. Further reinforce global employee environmental education
and awareness activities
—
• Trialenvironmentalriskpredictiontrainingtools
• Expandeduseofenvironmentalriskprediction training tools
15. Ensure active disclosure
of environmental information
and enhanced communication activities
—
• Continuouspublicationofenvironmentalreports and enhancement of content
• Enhancingenvironmentalcommunicationactivities
• EnhancedinformationdisclosuresurroundingESGandSDGs • Permanentproductdisplaysatadministration
building Visitor Center
   order to promote these revisions, we have established a new organizational system. The Environmental Working Group now oversees four subcommittees, the Global Warming Prevention Committee, the Aichi Steel Group Environmental Committee, and promotes a variety of activities aimed at environmental conservation. In addition, we are currently working to ensure that all consolidated subsidiaries that operate production sites are ISO 14001-certified.
ordinances, agreements, etc.) such as the Basic Environment Law; 3) Items related to the advance evaluation of the environmental impact of our products, raw materials, sub-materials, and facilities and; 4) Items related to supporting and cooperating with societal and local environmental conservation activities.
     ■ Environment management promotion organization (as of March 31, 2020) Environmental Conservation
            Environmental Working Group
(Meets twice/year)
(Chair: President)
Subcommittee
Resource Recycling Subcommittee
Product and Environment Subcommittee
Awareness and Publicity Subcommittee
Global Warming Prevention Committee (Meets twice/year)
(Chair: Director in charge of Safety & Environmental Div.)
Energy-Saving Production Subcommittee
Process Energy Reforming Subcommittee
Logistics Energy Conservation Subcommittee
Eco Life Subcommittee
Aichi Steel Group Environmental Committee
Administrative office
・ Safety & Environmental Div. Environmental Management
Group
・ Individual sites
Environmental ISO Review Committee
(Meets twice/year)
(Chair: Director in charge of Safety & Environmental Div.)
Chita Site
Kariya Site
Forging Site
Seki Site
Electronic Components Site
Gifu Site
Other relevant sites
Site environmental meeting (Chair: Head of each site)
                               17
Note 1. Energy loss will be improved and stabilized as the new equipment comes into full effect.
Note 2. Events could not be held due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
*1 Environment Management System *2 Changing truck transport to rail and sea transport with low-environmental impacts *3 Recycled abrasives made from by-products of the steel making process
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 18
Environment Management
Harmony Building a resource-recycling with nature society
Three Core Themes
Building a low-carbon society

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 1 Initiatives for building a low-carbon society
Website
■ Factors behind changes since last fiscal year
Website
Growth Strategies
Measures to promote harmony with nature
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Vision for Aichi Steel
Base for Value Creation
    Fiscal 2020 targets and results
Based on the “Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan,” we pursued reductions in CO2 to achieve the targets of the Japan Iron and Steel Federation’s “Commitment to a Low Carbon Society” (Phase 1). We reduced total CO2 emissions through a combination of reduced production and improved operations.
■ Breakdown of energy used in fiscal 2020 (CO2 emissions)
Participation in “All-Toyota Green Wave Project” activities
   Total CO2 emissions
Total
CO2 emissions 556,000 t-CO2
556,000
Electricity
61.0%
Oxygen 1.9% Heavy oil
class A 0.9% Coke
7.1%
City gas
28.6%
t-CO /year 2
(-76,000 tons year-over-year)
Other
0.5%
Aichi Steel is participating in the “All-Toyota Green Wave Project” activities being implemented by the Toyota Group and other affiliated companies as part of efforts to coexist with nature. This project includes a range of activities to “connect communities toward harmony with nature.” We are undertaking activities that contribute to restoration of ecosystems by connecting people with other people and activities and linking habitats.
▶Participation in All-Toyota activities
(maintenance of Izu-numa, a wetland area registered under the Ramsar Convention)
Forestation to create a forest for beetles
Since fiscal 2012, we have been creating a forest for beetles. We have been planting a broadleaf forest in about 20,000 m2 of Nakashinden green spaces around our plant and creating an environment in which beetles and other creatures can live their natural life cycles. We have been working with the Chita Peninsula Ecosystem Network Council and members of the Student Action Committee NPO to grow the trees. In fall every year, we also hold a large harmony-with-nature event called “Mori Mori event” where employees and their families participate in various activities, including programs held in collaboration with other organizations and companies, tree cultivation activities, release of rare medaka (Japanese rice fish), and planting of wheat.
We have also started new initiatives in addition to the Nakashinden green spaces. We are currently developing
   19
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 20
Energy saving through logistics optimization
In accordance with the Energy Saving Act revised in April 2006, we have been working on efficient environmentally-friendly logistics optimization activities after understanding the flow of distribution and reviewing issues.
More specifically, we are visualizing off-premise logistics routes and volumes, and promoting logistics improvements from the perspective of streamlining routes, modal shifts (from
land transport to sea transport), and improving loading rates. From fiscal 2006 to 2020, we achieved a 14% reduction in
CO2 emissions per unit from logistics.
* Modal shift: Changing truck transport to rail and sea transport with low-environmental impacts
an ecosystem network across the entire Chita Peninsula, cultivating trees using bamboo charcoal from bamboo groves we are maintaining at the town of Mihama, and an initiative in collaboration with the Higashiura Natural Environment Learning Forest to jointly research the beetles and foxes that are attracted to, and symbolic of, Nakashinden green spaces.
Although we were unable to hold events in the Nakashinden green spaces during fiscal 2020 because of the pandemic, we started a new initiative using goats as a method of weed eradication and were able to establish an efficient management and maintenance system that is friendly to people and nature. We also conducted other limited activities as much as possible, including maintaining bamboo groves at the Higashiura Natural Environment Learning Forest and study tours of Toyota Motor Corporation’s Forest of Toyota.
▲Weed eradication using goats at Nakashinden green space
Measures to develop a resource recycling-based society
Website
   Contributions to end-of-life car recycling
In line with the End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling Law, which came into force in 2005, the Toyota Group is working to achieve complete recycling.
Aichi Steel is working with Toyota Metal Co., Ltd. to improve
* Automobile shredder residue (ASR):
All remaining waste after crushing end-of-life vehicles in an industrial shredder and removing ferrous and non-ferrous metals.
Number of Nakashinden indicator species
* Photo courtesy of Toyota Metal Co., Ltd.
recycling, and we are recycling automobile shredder residue (ASR)* by melting “dallied solids” and “solids balers” in the electric furnace as raw material.
22
Improvement factors
1. Reduced energy consumption due to
reduced production
59,500 t-CO2/year
2. Reduced energy consumption due to improved operations through optimization of steel making materials
9,900 t-CO2/year Total 69,400 t-CO2/year
 Hindrance factors
1. Increased energy consumption due to reduced production and the resulting drop in steel
making efficiency, etc.
7,500 t-CO2/year
2. Increased energy consumption due to reduced production and the resulting drop in rolling
operation efficiency
Total 9,100 t-CO2/year
1,600 t-CO2/year
 Solid balers Compressed mixture of automotive plant steel scrap (scrap material) and molten solidified material.
an Adopt-A-Forest Promotion Program agreement with Otaki Village in Nagano Prefecture to develop a broad area of about 12 hectares of forest into the FOREST of AICHI STEEL GROUP.
During fiscal 2020, we conducted forest thinning activities with a limited number of volunteers in consideration of the pandemic and to help stop the spread of infection.
▲Limited number of people participating in activities in Otaki Village, Nagano Prefecture
▲Forest thinning work
▲Study tour of Forest of Toyota Forest-developing volunteers
   Dallied solids Material
comprising a mix of steel scrap (chips) from automobile plants and ASR (re-sorted and treated) that has been melted, solidified and formed.
As we use large amounts of water in our steel production, we have carried out twice-yearly forest cultivation activities in Nagano Prefecture since 2006, which is the source of Aichi Prefecture’s service water. We recruit volunteer employees to take part in improvement cutting and thinning activities aimed at creating healthy forests, and in the process deepen our interactions with local residents. In 2019, we signed
  
            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 2
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
  Human resources development
“Jikotei Kanketsu” training
To improve employee productivity, as part of our efforts to maximize potential and performance, we hold “Jikotei Kanketsu” training for team leaders. “Jikotei Kanketsu” is a work approach that emphasizes high-quality work with an efficient arrangement of steps to prevent errors and avoid
Specialized technical training
Since August 2016, we have been providing specialized technical training for all skilled workers in forging plants to provide systematic training on the knowledge and skills needed at those plants. To raise understanding of the purpose and necessity of each task, and lead to “Kaizen ,” the roles of skilled workers, from the fundamentals of manufacturing to the essentials of the facilities that create products and measures for dealing with abnormalities, are divided into three ranks and the training is organized so that workers learn in steps. (The ranks are Rank C for up to five years after joining the company, Rank B for up to 10 years after joining the company, and Rank A for first-level supervisors.)
Employee health and safety
Efforts to eliminate lost time accidents
Although we have seen fewer accidents over recent years compared to 10 years ago, one regret that remains an issue is that the number of accidents resulting in lost work time is not changing. For this reason, under the slogan “Transform into a company recognized by society as having a culture of safety” in Vision 2030, we are conducting activities based on three pillars of safety with the aim of achieving zero accidents for three years in a row.
■ FY2021 policy looking ahead to 2030 (activities based on three pillars of safety)
To help stop the spread of COVID-19, respond to increasingly strict rules and regulations around industrial safety and health, and prevent fires, we are also improving communication with operators in the factory, listening to problems related to work issues, and implementing “Kaizen” improvements through a safety support system of scheduled improvements.
■ Number of lost time accidents and lost time frequency rate
Website
Procedure
P
D Do(ateveryimportant point, check, confidently call “Done!” and proceed)
C Check (reflect on work process and look for
 S Social
 Priority Issue 2
Encourage the creation of workplaces that are safe and comfortable to improve employee happiness
  redos. Through training, we are able to teach the appropriate approach and concrete steps. We have also developed an e-learning program on the basics of “Jikotei Kanketsu” that all employees can access anytime. We will continue efforts to teach the “Jikotei Kanketsu” approach going forward.
The hands-on training combines knowledge learning and practical skills acquisition. Trainee proficiency is confirmed through written tests, and determinations of whether trainees have reached a level that can be used in practical work are confirmed through presentations on examples of improvements and on-site monitoring. Trainees who pass receive ranked certification. With Rank C training starting in fiscal 2016, Rank B in fiscal 2017, and Rank A in fiscal 2020, we are continuing to expand training activities. By having all skilled workers undergo this training, a culture of asking “why?” will be created and the handing down of technology and skills to successors will be encouraged.
Plan (steps)
 The Aichi Steel Group is working to create a strong organization by maximizing the potential of individuals through the creation of environments in which diverse human resources can play an active role. This includes not only consideration of a wide variety of anti-discrimination human rights involving nationality, language, culture, age and gender, but also encompasses women, seniors, people with disabilities, and those combining work with child-raising or care-giving.
SDGs relevance
A
problems)
Act (pass on your knowledge to the next person)
   Respect for human rights and creation of comfortable workplaces
Number of
times held (total)
 Initiatives toward respect for human rights
The Aichi Steel Group states in the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines that it will comply with domestic and foreign laws and regulations both in letter and in spirit, and that it will respect human rights, and sets out behavioral standards for this.
Through level-based training and other educational opportunities, we cultivate a corporate culture in which the diversity of each employee is respected. In addition to the prevention of workplace harassment and implementation of appropriate measures by our Harassment Prevention Committee, we also hold workplace study sessions. The Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline is also in place for use by employees with issues regarding human rights. This system enables employees to consult directly with advising legal representatives.
Initiatives toward diversity
Promotion of more active roles for women in the workplace
Aichi Steel considers the promotion of diversity to be an important part of its management strategy, and as part of that is strengthening measures to promote more active roles for women. We continue to proactively hire more female employees, setting goals for the percentage of female hires among regular university hires. We have also developed working from home and career design training for female employees to consider their careers. In this way, we are advancing initiatives to support women in developing their skills. As part of our culture and awareness reform, we are providing education to our managers on the prevention of harassment, while operating our Harassment Consulting Center, to help create an environment where employees can balance work with family-life and child-raising duties.
Post-retirement reemployment system
We have in place a Manager Reemployment System and a Nice Senior System, which in principle allow all employees who wish to work after retirement to continue working until they begin receiving their pensions. To make work more enjoyable for our older employees, we are also creating workplaces that are easier to work in and we are reassessing employee benefits.
Website
■ Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline flowchart
61
Number of participants (total)
321
Website
  Aichi Steel employees
Suppliers
  Contact point
Internal External
General Affairs Div. Auditor
Legal representatives
 Promotion of employment for people with disabilities
Report
(can be anonymous)
Collaboration
Report
President/Committees
Feedback of outcome
Investigation team
(Investigation/interviews)
 Website
We prioritize mental health and lifestyle-related disease prevention, and systematically implement relevant initiatives. As a result, we were recognized for the fourth consecutive year as a Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization, in a program adopted by METI and Nippon Kenko Kaigi. We continue to maintain and promote the health of our employees, which is a priority
issue for the company.
Specifically, we are actively
implementing health promotion activities with all employees to reach our KPIs for rates of lost worktime, obesity and smokers.
Mental health activities
The Aichi Steel Group is working to maintain the mental health of its employees and prevent the development of mental issues, through various educational programs and individualized mental health care based on the results of stress check tests. We have also provided advice to workplaces that were determined to be at high risk for mental health based on analysis of these results.
In addition, we are enhancing management of risks associated with mental illness in the workplace through regular workplace inspections by mental health staff and regular meetings to share information with labor management staff from the Human Resources Division.
Going forward, we will continue working with supervisors to promote the creation of open workplaces that enable free discussion, to prevent the development of mental issues, and enable early detection of issues and early provision of care.
Health promotion efforts
   We have employees with disabilities working in a range of workplaces, from our manufacturing sites to administrative divisions. To enable them to remain at work, it is important to not only provide the appropriate work support but to provide them with work that suits their individual abilities, so at the time of recruitment, we follow a program of practical training and interviews to decide where to assign them.
With the majority of people with disabilities working at Aichi Steel being those with intellectual impairments, we hold seminars aimed at developing their capabilities and workshops aimed at helping them acquire internal qualifications as part of continued support to provide them with rewarding careers.
We are also systematically training and allocating Vocational Life Consultants for Persons with Disabilities and Job Coaches to provide work-related coaching to develop workplaces where all employees can enjoy working together.
▲Workshops for employees with intellectual impairments are held four times per year. Study sessions and leisure activities not only enable these employees to acquire the knowledge required to work, but also provide them with the opportunity to network with fellow employees.
(Cases)
5 4 3 2 1 0
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
(%)
0.75
0.50
0.25
0.00
2020 (FY)
 (1) Safety management: Conducting disaster mitigation efforts by sharing information on near misses and promoting mutually beneficial communication
(2) Development of safety-conscious human resource:
Training to improve awareness through an “anzen dojo training” program, and teaching traditions of safe work through competitions
(3) Fundamentally safe designs: Conducting risk reduction activities by promoting fundamentally safe designs
  0.68 0.66 Number of lost time accidents Lost time frequency rate
  21
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 22
0.45 0.45 0.45 0.46
   0.16 0.16 0.15 0.15
  Number of lost time accidents
Lost time frequency rate
Correction/management
Person/division concerned

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 3
Growth Strategies
Initiatives for improving quality (TQM)
Quality awareness activities
November has been designated Quality Month. With a focus on the concepts of “Customer First” and “Quality First,” we are working to raise awareness of quality among our employees by holding site inspections by the president, quality exhibitions displaying quality mottos and posters, and implementing other initiatives.
We have also worked to improve awareness of quality among our employees, regardless of the pandemic, by holding improvement case study meetings online so that employees could participate from the office or home, and by holding a groupwide TQM conference with Shinichi Sasaki, as an authority on “Jikotei Kanketsu,” as special guest.
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Vision for Aichi Steel
Base for Value Creation
  Website
 S Social
 Priority Issue 3
Create a prosperous society through business reform and provide extremely competitive products
  Products provided by the Aichi Steel Group are important parts directly related to automobile running, turning and stopping. To offer customers greater peace of mind in using our products, it is essential that we provide a stable supply of high quality products. To ensure our products gain the trust of our customers around the world, we are aiming to become an integrated forging with steel making process company that provides the world’s finest quality, and we are working as one to build a globally competitive, leading quality assurance system.
SDGs relevance
  Quality Management System (QMS) Activity promotion system
In accordance with our policy of “Quality First,” we will strive to maintain a business structure, based on ISO 9001, ISO 13485 and other standards, that gains customer trust and enables us to deliver attractive products that meet
Medium-term Quality Vision 2030
Quality Control Basic Policy
We have formulated a Quality Control Basic Policy as part of our efforts to promote quality assurance initiatives.
Third-party certifications and compliance with international standards
In addition to ISO 9001 certification, we have also obtained other third-party certifications and public institution accreditations based on our QMS. We are also audited every one to five years for review and renewal of these certifications and accreditations.
Website
▲Site inspection by the president (Forging Plant)
▶Guest lecture by Shinichi Sasaki, Former Executive Vice President at Toyota Motor Corp.
  expectations
Quality Vision 2030, we are working as one to build a globally competitive, leading quality assurance system.
Quality assurance system
Quality Function Board
Aichi Steel Group initiatives to improve quality are being recognized by customers.
In March 2020, our Electronic Components Plant received an Excellence Award for supplier contributions to quality improvement, for the eighth year in a row, from the Hirose Plant of Toyota Motor Corporation. Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (SAFC) also received a Special Contribution Award from Kubota Engine (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. in December 2020, and the Forging Plant received a Quality Excellence Award from Daihatsu Motor Co., Ltd. in April 2021.
and needs.
In line with our
Medium-term
◀Special Contribution Award received by SAFC from
Kubota Engine (Wuxi) Co., Ltd.
Customer recognition of quality
  1. Quality management
2. Development of manufacturing with quality-conscious
 Master
 a focus on quality!
human resources
3. Fundamentally high
quality design
Quality Assurance Div.
(QMS Review Committee)
Promotion of CSR procurement
Global, open and fair transactions
We strive to provide all of our suppliers, at home and abroad, with procurement information and the opportunity for open, fair transactions.
Actual transactions are determined based on a comprehensive review of quality, technology, cost and delivery times, as well as soundness of management, approach to and structures for ongoing improvement, and other factors.
Mutual growth based on mutual trust
Our relationships with our suppliers based on building and maintaining relationships of trust through close communication, and a basic approach that calls for us to grow together with our business partners and share the fruits of our mutual efforts.
Legal compliance
We comply with all relevant laws and regulations related to our purchasing activities, and also carefully control the confidential information of our suppliers in accordance with our company rules.
Website
   Quality Control Dept. for each plant
Development and Production Engineering Dept.
Other related departments (Sales, Purchasing, Human Resources, etc.)
Overseas Support Dept.
Plant sections
Green procurement efforts
   Quality Control Basic Policy
We will establish a reliable corporate structure, based on the concept of “quality first,” to provide products that meet the requirements and needs of customers.
  23
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 24
Acquisition status of quality ISO certification
Since formulating the Aichi Steel Environmental Charter in 1996, we consider environmental conservation in all phases of our business activities, and work to achieve continuous improvements.
In August 2020, we announced Vision 2030 for the Aichi Steel Group. Then in March 2021, we created the Aichi 2025 Environmental Action Plan as a five-year action plan for implementing ESG management under the vision. To drive eco-energy, eco-production, and eco-management, which are the three pillars of our basic environmental policy that form the basis of this plan, we revised our Green Procurement Guidelines in April 2021. Our aim was to prioritize purchases from suppliers engaged in efforts to reduce environmental burdens, such as reducing CO2 emissions, recycling resources, reducing environmentally hazardous substances, and conserving biodiversity.
In line with customer demands and regulations for managing chemical substances in products, we classify controlled substances as banned substances, conditionally banned substances, or restricted substances, and we advise our suppliers of the classifications.
When entering a new transaction, making changes to compositions or manufacturing methods, or adding relevant environmentally hazardous substances, we also request that suppliers submit a Report on Presence of Environmentally Hazardous Substances, we confirm they are not included and use alternative substances when necessary, and ensure they are not used.
1. Steel products and forged products
Passed renewal audit for ISO 9001 (October 2020)
2. Electro-magnetic products
Passed surveillance audit for ISO 9001 (December 2020) Passed surveillance audit for ISO 13485 (January 2021)
3. Laboratory accreditation
Passed renewal audit for ISO/IEC 17025 (December 2020)
(Quality & Technology Committee)

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 3
HaganeCompany
Business Overview
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
      Strategies for the Medium-term Management Plan
Priority Issue 1 Product and sales strategies
 With increasing social momentum within Japan toward carbon neutrality, the demand for electric vehicles is expected to grow. At the Hagane Company, we will leverage the product development capabilities of our integrated forging with steel making processes to develop steel products with a focus on in-house processing. We will also promote commercialization of high value-added parts for electric vehicles.
Overseas, we will continue efforts to gain market share in the India and ASEAN regions where the engine-powered vehicle market continues to grow. Firstly, we will continue to provide technical
guidance to India’s Vardhman Special Steels Limited to lift the quality of their
products to a level that allows stable use in automotive parts. We expect
     Profile
•Development capabilities through integrated forging with steel making processes that can contribute to •electrification components
•High quality of choice globally
Shortened manufacturing processes that leverage integrated forging with steel making processes, and energy-saving technologies such as exhaust heat recovery
Contributing toward a carbon neutral, sustainable global environment by reducing CO2 emissions through conversion and use of steam energy
from exhaust heat of electric furnaces (Japan-first) Aichi Steel has adopted a
steam energy for effective utilization in other steel making facilities.
Electric furnaces used in the process of steel making are unavoidably large consumers of energy. With the Japanese government’s commitment to carbon neutrality by 2050, we also have to do everything within our means to follow suit, and these furnaces are an important element of that solution. Using this new system, we are able to reduce CO2 emissions by the equivalent of about 4,200 tons per year. In addition to reducing CO2 emissions from the steel making process, those emissions can be utilized to power other facilities,
which enables us to save energy across the entire plant.
As this initiative is a first for the electric furnace industry, we plan to fully
Takashi Ishigami
Managing Executive Officer and
Hagane Company President
Becoming the leading manufacturer of specialty steels to contribute
to the development of a mobility society
Changes in the structure of vehicles is creating new opportunities for the Hagane Company to tackle and contribute to electrification components and overseas markets. Leveraging our technical strengths, and integrated forging with steel making processes, we will adapt to these changes and evolve in order to create new value.
•Accelerated shift toward electric vehicles
Expansion of global •automobile production
Intensified competition through aggregation and reorganization
•of competitor bases Moves toward carbon
neutrality by 2050
Manufacture of steel products and development of related production technologies
quality and cost competitiveness to be sufficiently high in fiscal 2022 for them to take over our steel product supply to our ASEAN forging subsidiaries, so we are pushing ahead with the development of a global supply system.
This will enable us to redirect our ASEAN supply volumes to Japan to give us resilience to upward movements. Using this supply system as a stepping stone, we will not only be able to capture demand from Japanese manufacturers in India, but also expand our capabilities with a view to future orders for parts in collaboration with Indian forging and processing companies.
Using online tools and other methods to provide ongoing technical support to India’s Vardhman Special Steels Limited
Specialty Steel Business Management Div., Hagane Production Engineering Div., Chita Plant
◆Subsidiaries AICHI CERATEC CORPORATION, OMI MINING CO., LTD., Aichi Steel Logistics co., ltd.
   After working as Smart Company President, Takashi Ishigami took on the role of Hagane Company President in April 2019.
TOPICS
 FY2020 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
Due to COVID-19, we had a massive downturn in production during the first half, followed by an upturn in production due to a recovery of demand during the second half. With such major changes in the status of production,
and have produced strong results in each phase as a result.
During the first half downturn, we applied a “volume-matched costs” approach that enabled us to produce the necessary volumes at appropriate manufacturing costs, and we focused on lowering our break-even points. During the second half recovery, we were able to ramp up production through forward-looking operations based on frequent data collection while maintaining break-even points and not reversing our efforts of the first half. This enabled us to reap the benefits of Genryou Management in the form of earnings.
Also, because of the pandemic, we have only managed to provide limited remote technical support from Japanese staff to India’s Vardhman Special Steels Limited, a company with which we entered a business capital tie-up in 2019. Despite this, we have continued improving quality through online guidance and other channels, and have proceeded according to plan, including completion of steel production for evaluation to get customer approvals.
 ongoing efforts to further deepen Genryou Management
   Cost index (excluding material costs)
 100 95 0
100
FY2018 H2
FY2020 H2
4% reduction
we have expanded our
 96
   system for passing exhaust heat from electric furnaces,
Priority Issue 2 Manufacturing strategies
 which was previously cooled down as waste, through a boiler and collecting it as
   One heat process shortens the casting process
Priority Issue 3 Subsidiary strategies
We will start with the first stage of steel making process reform, which consists of three steps. In this stage, we aim to
. We will implement the following initiatives. (1) We will drive the development of basic technologies for efficient production by shortening the manufacturing process, including the use of a one heat process for shortening the steel billet rolling
line.
(2) We will expand the supply chain, and drive development of
technologies for making steel from scrap of different qualities, to
strengthen our capacity for collecting cheap scrap.
From the perspectives of quality improvement and preventive maintenance, we will use AI and IoT to improve the visibility of optimal manufacturing conditions and develop infrastructure as the base for digital transformation.
in the steel making process and develop and implement business
continuity planning (BCP)
secure upward elasticity
     implement the system to become the leading company in the industry for CO2 reductions.
We will continue to meet the challenges of carbon neutrality and of “contributing to a sustainable global environment,” which is one of the management guidelines in Vision 2030.
 Existing exhaust gas cooler
Exhaust heat recovery system
Steam used for vacuum evacuation in vacuum degassing equipment
Steam used within the plant instead of using a boiler
  Electric furnace
Exhaust gas flow Steam flow
 Steam drum Steam boiler
New steam tank
Feed water tank
The three subsidiaries of the Hagane Company (AICHI CERATEC CORPORATION, OMI MINING CO., LTD., Aichi Steel Logistics co., ltd.) each have their own unique business strengths. We will continue to provide them with appropriate support to draw on these strengths through close cooperation, as we target even greater consolidated profitability.
   25
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 26
Combustion tower
Cooling tower
Risks & Opportunities
Strengths

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 3
Stainless Steel
Company
Business Overview
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
       Strategies for the Medium-term Management Plan
 Enhanced production capacity
By the end of fiscal 2023, we will improve and re-engineer our existing production facilities to
, which is our planned sales
volume for fiscal 2026.
Approach to markets
Stainless steel production capacity plan (1,000 tons)
50% increase
FY2028
   enhance production capacity to 73,000 tons (15%
        Profile
•Range of developed steels for •contributing to a hydrogen-based society
Lineup of hot rolled flat bars
and steel shapes •(domestic share of over 70%)
Capital investment for further expanding
production capabilities for hot rolled •flat bars and steel shapes
Integrated engineering business, from design cooperation
through to installation
Kazuya Fukatsu
Stainless Steel Company President
Contributing to creating a sustainable society through stainless steels
and engineering
To further improve the presence of Aichi Steel in the domestic markets for hot rolled flat bars and steel shapes, the Stainless Steel Company is driving market creation activities through Value Analysis proposals, that help shorten the processes for customers, by rebuilding production facilities and expanding its engineering business.
•Concerns about an influx of •foreign materials into Japan
Deterioration
of production facilities for hot rolled flat bars and
•steel shapes
Increasing need to realize a
•hydrogen-based society Momentum surrounding
rebuilding of domestic infrastructure
TOPICS
Vertical Greening Cylinders (Vertical Forest®) Using Stainless Steel from Aichi Steel Receives Best Development Award (Bronze Award)
at 25th International Stainless Steel Forum (ISSF)
Aichi Steel entered a design cooperation with Takenaka Corporation to develop vertical greening cylinders and engaged in factory manufacture and on-site construction as the stainless steel building structure engineer.
We will continue to deliver high value-added products through while helping to become
an environmentally friendly society.
Manufacture of stainless steel shapes, round bars
and deformed bars,
and engineering
further expand use of our hot rolled flat bars
We will
general contractors and others.
90 80 70 60 50
0
through design cooperation with
FY2019
FY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Stainless Steel Business Management Div., Stainless Steel Production Engineering Div. Kariya Plant
◆Subsidiaries AIKO CORPORATION, Aichi Techno Metal Fukaumi CO. LTD.
 and steel shapes
  Priority Issue 1 Strengthening our business foundation
(achieving healthy growth with safe, growing, and vibrant workplaces)
 Kazuya Fukatsu took on the role of Stainless Steel Company President in April 2020.
  [Safety] Maintain accident-free workplaces
We are committed to creating workplaces that prioritize safety. We will also develop a consolidated safety system through mutual learning mainly with Kariya Plant, and including subsidiaries.
[Quality] Aim for zero customer complaints
We aim to reduce customer complaints to zero by eliminating the causes of quality defects through the
.
We will steadily improve the energy efficiency of Kariya Plant and contribute toward a low carbon society through efforts including switching to future new energies.
[Maintenance] Enhance preventive maintenance
We will ensure fulfillment of our responsibility to supply
customers by completing scheduled repairs and upgrades of deteriorating facilities.
  FY2020 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
 1. Developed systems and changed mindsets within the Company
We created workplaces where everyone can contribute, and we changed mindsets to one of fostering a sense of unity and growth as a United Stainless Steel Team.
2. Strengthened manufacturing capabilities
We worked on Genryou Management, including minimizing quality-related loss and consolidating heat treatment equipment, to build production systems for lower production volumes.
3. Strengthened production capabilities ahead of 2030
We invested in pickling equipment to increase production ahead of 2030. We also made the decision to roughly double investment in line with the capital investment plan outlined in the FY2021–23 Medium-term Management Plan.
4. Enhanced activities to develop new markets
Hydrogen: We developed AUS305-H2, a resource-saving, high-strength stainless steel for high-pressure hydrogen applications, that does not use molybdenum, an expensive rare metal.
Deformed bars: We reached a cumulative shipped total of 5,000 tons of deformed bars as a result of proactive market development activities that increased
their use in multiple projects.
5. Expanded engineering business
We expanded and developed our workforce, and through design cooperation, factory manufacture, and onsite installation, we accomplished 37 engineering projects in medicine, foods and other plants.
                    Jikotei Kanketsu approach by establishing and
[Environment] Create energy-efficient plants to reduce CO2 emissions
 implementing conditions that ensure product quality
  Priority Issue 2 Growth strategies (increasing profits through six projects)
Project 1
Project 2 Project 3
Project 4
Project 5
Project 6
Restructuring product strategies
Reviewing large variety and small quantity production of over 4,000 products of different shapes and types.
Planning alliances
Investigating external ties rather than being closed to them
Expanding stainless steel parts, structures and constructure businesses
Utilizing engineering functions and obtaining early project information to make Value Analysis proposals to customers
Enhancing ties with consolidated subsidiaries
Optimizing consolidated management capabilities by expanding collaborations with Aiko Corporation and Aichi Techno Metal Fukaumi Co., Ltd.
Visualizing manufacturing processes and improving workmanship
Planning and implementing plant layouts that enable Genryou Management, and enhanced production capabilities in line with the Medium-term Management Plan
Creating new markets
(contributing to the hydrogen society and rebuilding of infrastructure)
Hydrogen:Delivering an omni-directional response to the hydrogen energy chain and establishing facilities for testing and evaluating steels
under high-pressure gaseous hydrogen
Deformedbars:Creating domestic markets and establishing production systems for stainless deformed bars
Aichi Steel stainless steel used in a variety of applications
     27
integrated solutions capabilities, from design cooperation through to
 factory manufacture and on-site construction,
 Details
1. Location:
2. Specifications:
3. Steel products:
4. Design and on-site construction:
Aichi International Convention & Exhibition Center
Hang 45 vertical greening cylinders (Vertical Forest®) with a length of 9 m from the large approach eaves with a length of 200 m and a height of 11.5 m, constituting the main gate
Stainless steel (about 70 tons)
SUS316A stainless steel pipe (for mandrel)
SUS316 steel shapes (for ring that supports the greening panels) Takenaka Corporation
Photo credit: Toho Gas Co., Ltd.
Internal stairs inside LNG tank
(low ductility in low temperatures)
Replacement of prestressed concrete slabs on Chuo Expressway (corrosion resistance)
Medium-term Management Plan production capacity
increase
 higher than fiscal 2019)
  Testing apparatus used to test high-pressure hydrogen environments
   Main entrance
Vertical greening cylinder
SS. Inc.
Uniaxial load hydraulic servo apparatus for tensile and fatigue tests (installed 2019)
Rotating bending fatigue test apparatus (world’s first, installed 2021)
FY2021–23 15%
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 28
 Risks & Opportunities
Strengths

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 3
KitaeruCompany
Business Overview
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
       Strategies for the Medium- to Long-term Management Plan with a Focus on Vision 2030
To enable our automaker customers to focus on the development of advanced technologies in their role as mobility companies, we take broad responsibility for the manufacturing processes of existing parts and extend our engagement to machining processes as well.
Because of our integrated production systems, handling everything from steel products to forging and machining, we can reduce logistics costs and shorten manufacturing processes, and deliver high value-added finished products to contribute to the success of our customers. We accelerate these efforts with new parts in particular.
    •Decline in the use
of forged products
•as the world shifts to BEVs
Supply concerns and restructuring of forging companies due
•to the above
Change to high-quality, low-cost and flexible manufacturing
TOPICS
Installation of Global Standard Production Line with a View to Overseas Expansion (Contributing to enhanced competitiveness
on the global stage)
While increasing local procurement at global sites, there is a need for large variety and small quantity production because of the differing needs of environments and customers at each site. Therefore, we decided to install a global standard production line, which we eventually started running in May 2020.
This forging line produces the toothed GEAR, COUNTER DRIVEN DRIVE used in automatic transmissions and HEVs. It enables efficient large variety and small quantity production through faster setups, while improving precision and reducing production lead times. Incorporating environmental friendly ideas at every turn, it minimizes CO2 emissions as well.
With this production line and a product range that flexibly meets the needs of overseas environments and customers, and with our ability to expand technologies and skills globally as the mother company, we aim to improve the competitiveness of our overseas subsidiaries and become the Company of Choice Globally.
Global standard production line: Integrated line from material heating, to forging, to forging isothermal annealing
•Optimal materials and process design that merge steel and forged products through integrated forging with steel •making processes
Optimal product yield process design
throughout forging and machine •processing
Information gathering from five global sites and mutually complementary systems
Manufacture of forged products and development of related production technologies
Priority Issue 1 Evolution into a finished product manufacturer
(to become the company of choice through new added value)
Kitaeru Business Management Div., Forging Production Engineering Div., Forging Plant
◆Subsidiaries Asdex Corporation, AICHI FORGE PHILIPPINES, INC. (AFP),
Aichi Forge USA, INC. (AFU), AICHI FORGE (THAILAND) CO., LTD. (AFT),
Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (SAFC), PT. AICHI FORGING INDONESIA (AFI)
 Tetsuo Kondo
Managing Executive Officer and
Kitaeru Company President
Profile
Tetsuo Kondo took on the role
of Kitaeru Company President in April 2021.
Aiming to become a global forging company leader to contribute
to the Toyota Group
As a global forging company leader for the Toyota Group, the Kitaeru Company needs to evolve further. To achieve this, we will ensure steady implementation of Vision 2030 and the Medium-term Management Plan within Japan, and expand these efforts to global sites, to improve the competitiveness of forging across the group as a whole.
  Newly ordered parts for BEV electric axles
  Priority Issue 2 New product development
(to become the company of choice for appealing new products)
     FY2020 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
Although we had a massive downturn in production during the first half due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19, we further evolved our efforts with Genryou Management to improve profitability even within a difficult business environment.
Specifically, by (1) breaking down our major management KPIs into smaller units, and (2) checking the results in short intervals, we established more granular targets and checked progress on a daily basis. In this way,
capabilities and achieve immediate improvements.
This enabled us to thoroughly share our “volume-matched costs” approach that we have been sharing with our workplaces since fiscal 2019, and our workplaces now feel
more resilient to change.
 we were able to more clearly and
 accurately understand the current state of our manufacturing
     Confirming achievement and difficulties of Genryou Management through on-site inspections
  Electric Axle unit
In developing new products for electric vehicles, we leverage the strengths of our integrated forging with steel making processes to realize synergies of steel product development, forging techniques and process development. This enables us to create new products with functionality and quality that further exceed customer expectations.
In addition to electric axles for BEVs and mounted components for HEVs, which are both expected to increase in demand going forward, we are looking ahead of that to the next generation and strengthening our development efforts with a focus on parts made from new materials. Through the development of new techniques and processes, we will also proactively propose cost reductions through such things as eliminating heat treatment processes and CO2 emission reductions that can contribute to a low-carbon society.
      Priority Issue 3
Building a large variety production system
(to become the company for everyone during industry restructuring)
Pre-forming
Pre-forming
Pre-forming machine
Finish-forming
         Pre-forming machine
Material feed
 With the number of suppliers supposed to decrease through industry restructuring, we are starting to plan large variety and small quantity lines that are able to produce many different products even at low volumes, at the same cost and quality as for production of current models, to contribute to stability of supply to customers as the Toyota Group’s leading forging company. On these lines, we will divide press molding into the separate processes of pre-forming and finish-forming, with the pre-forming process achieving revolutionary (1) setup time reductions and (2) material yield improvements.
Priority Issue 4 Strengthening company connectivity on global sites (to remain the company of choice globally)
Due to the global pandemic, the whole of the Philippines (where we have a subsidiary) was placed in lockdown, so we implemented a global back up production. Based on this example, we conducted an exhaustive verification of BAP/BCP support for our global sites and shared the results with each of our sites.
Going forward, as the mother company, head office will continue conducting activities in close cooperation with our subsidiaries to enhance connectivity with overseas subsidiaries.
Preform feed
Loading
Heating
Finish- forming machine
Finishing Deburring
        29
(1) Revolutionary setup time reductions
(2) Revolutionary material yield improvements
High-mix production line (project launch)
    AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 30
Risks & Opportunities
Strengths

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 3
Smart Company
Business Overview
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
     Sale and manufacture of electronic components, magnetic materials and other functional products
for the next generation
and development of related production technologies
  Strategies for the Medium-term Management Plan
Electronic components business
With demand for electronic components expected to increase as take-up of electric vehicles grows, we are going to need flexible production support to meet that demand. In putting Genryou Management into practice, we will maximize utilization of existing facilities and improve both productivity and quality assurance through AI. In this way, we will dramatically expand our earnings capacity while contributing predominantly to the field of energy. Specifically,
other companies, and to develop products for the next generation. Magnets business
Our magnets business is focused on electric water pumps, which are increasingly in demand as cooling components of electric vehicles. We are collaborating with the Frontier Research and Development Division to develop such things as coating technologies for magnetic powder, and together we are promoting sales.
As part of our development of electric axles for BEVs, we are merging MAGFINE® Dy-free bonded magnets with high strength materials developed by leveraging the strengths of our integrated forging with steel making processes. We have successfully verified high-speed rotation at speeds of up to 34,000 r.p.m., and size and weight reductions of 40% compared to conventional axles. We will continue development with a view to practical application as we make contributions to the field of energy. We are focusing on Genryou Management and delivering efficient production support, primarily to our Chinese subsidiary, which is responsible for producing magnets globally.
In support of carbon neutrality, we will also adopt solar power generation at our Seki Plant, as a model plant for the company, as we also make contributions to the environment.
Dental business
In Japan, Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare has expressed its intention to recognize, by September 2021, dental treatment using precision dental magnetic attachments as a healthcare service covered by health insurance. It means that our devices have more opportunities to contribute citizen's health. Restoration of oral function will improve overall health improved nutrition, which will also contribute to healthy lifestyles. Going forwards, we will focus on expanding its use from Japan to China and other countries where populations are aging.
Illustration of electric axle
Precision dental magnetic attachments
       Profile
•Market changes due to such things as recognition of products for health insurance coverage and revisions
to the Road Traffic Act
•Unique technical capabilities originating from steel making
Katsunori Kojima
Director and
Managing Executive Officer and Smart Company President
Providing safety and security to people
around the world through materials
and technologies
With the enormous advantage of a wide range of solutions, the Smart Company is able to quickly respond to changes around the world as we fulfill our responsibility as a member of the global community. We are contributing through energy, healthy lifestyles, food supplies, and building safe public transport systems as fields for value creation that we have identified to help realize Vision 2030 and achieve the SDGs and carbon neutral targets.
•Major structural changes in electric vehicle components and changes in demand for existing products
•Wide range of solutions businesses related
to the SDGs
    Next-Generation Fertilizer “PDMA” Developed
to Enable Agriculture in Poor Soil
(Helping to solve global food shortages)
Thirty percent of cultivated land globally is alkaline, which tends to be iron-deficient and makes growing crops difficult. Working in collaboration with Tokushima University to find a solution, we have
with modified mugineic acid, a natural substance derived from Gramineae. PDMA is biodegradable* and can be effective on crops other than Gramineae as well. We are currently working to lower costs with a focus on
commercialization.
With food production currently unable to keep up with population
growth, and severe food shortages certain to occur, this product
is expected to increase food production and contribute to SDGs 2.
Zero Hunger by enabling use of land that is currently unsuitable for agriculture.
The results of this research were published in the electronic version of the British scientific journal “Nature Communications” on
March 10.
Crop growth confirmed in alkaline soil (four weeks after PDMA application)
* Biodegradable: Quality of a substance capable of decomposition by microorganisms or other living organisms
   successfully developed proline deoxymugineic acid (PDMA), which is
   Sensor and metallic fiber business
We will develop markets for sensors and metallic fibers in three main fields: magnetic marker-based GMPS (Global Magnetic Positioning System), security, and medicine.
With revisions to the Road Traffic Act in 2020, embedding of magnetic markers gained approval, so   the GMPS. In the field of security,   and build safe public transport systems to increase use of security gates, based on ultra-sensitive magnetic MI Sensors, in public areas. In the field of medicine, we will continue promoting the use of amorphous wire metallic fiber products, and enhance related sales activities as part of our contribution to healthy lifestyles.
Iron fertilizer business
TetsuRiki Agri and TetsuRiki Aqua are existing products that provide ferrous ions continuously, necessary for crop growth. We are achieving consistent sales of these products through the BtoB channel, and we aim to keep profitability going forward. In addition, we have confirmed the efficacy of TetsuRiki Aqua for recovering Fe deficiency in crops affected by citrus greening disease, which is a citrus-specific disease spreading globally. Through a series of field trials and accumulation of the results, we are developing a global sales network to contribute to stable food supplies.
▲MI sensor Before
Magnetic marker▶ After
   we are now actively promoting actual sales of
we aim to actively promote understanding by customers
Smart Business Management Div., Sensor Business Dept., Magnet Business Dept., Electronic Components Business Dept., Smart Production Engineering Div., Higashiura Plant, Gifu Plant, Seki Plant, Magnetic Material & Parts Plant, Electronic Components Plant ◆Subsidiaries Zhejiang Aichi Mechanical & Electrical Co., Ltd. (AME),
Aichi Magfine Czech s.r.o. (AMC),
Aichi Magfine Technology (Pinghu) Co., Ltd. (AMT), Aichi Europe GmbH (Ae)
 we will work together with customers to develop
 products with a focus on value-added through such things as technologies that differentiate us from
  After working as Kitaeru Company President, Katsunori Kojima took on the role of Smart Company President in April 2019.
Further increases in SDG-related needs in the medical and agricultural fields
TOPICS
High levels of expertise and quality among each of the five businesses
  FY2020 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
In our daily production operations, we have worked honestly to promote Genryou Management and strengthen our business foundation, through which we
.
We have also proactively worked on SDG-related topics
and have taken on the challenge of creating new value as a member of the global community.
For example, MAGFINE® Dy-free bonded magnets that do not use heavy rare earth materials can potentially be used for the electric water pumps used to cool electric vehicles, which would
Production. To meet increasing demand in a timely manner, we are gearing up for mass production and developing customer supply channels.
have increased sales and profits, and achieved record
 profitability, despite the pandemic
 contribute to SDGs 7. Affordable
 and Clean Energy, and 12. Responsible Consumption and
  MAGFINE® Dy-free bonded magnets also help avoid resource risk
  an environmentally friendly next-generation fertilizer
            31
Yellowed leaves, affected by citrus greening disease,
have changed into health leaves by applying of TetsuRiki Aqua.
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 32
Risks & Opportunities
Strengths
100 mm dia. × 2 mm thick
20 mm

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 4
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
   Green (planting and environmental conservation)
Twice a year, students of the Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute plant flowers in the roundabout in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station, the station nearest our offices, as one of our activities to clean the neighborhood.
 ▲Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute students planting greenery on the roundabout in front of Shurakuen Station
 Creative (education, culture)
Launched in 2010 to mark the 70th anniversary of our founding, we visit schools to present a “Lesson about Iron” to students every year. The project, which we have held for 10 years, aims to teach elementary school fifth graders about the local industry of Tokai City, the largest iron-producing region in central Japan. Through a lesson called “Making Magnets,” we have been offering a fun way for local elementary school students to experience manufacturing, but we were unable to hold the lesson during fiscal 2020 because of the pandemic. For this reason, we have considered other options to promote further use of virtual
factory tours and other activities for people to use regardless of the conditions.
▶
Participating in “Lesson about Iron” (photo from fiscal 2019)
 S
Social
 Priority Issue 4
Strengthen Relationships with Local Communities, and Actively Contribute to Society
The Aichi Steel Group seeks prosperous coexistence with surrounding communities, is conscious of its role as a “good corporate citizen,” and is actively involved with the local community. We place importance on communication through our social contribution activities and other efforts, and by gaining the trust of communities and understanding of our business activities, we strive to be a company that is continually welcomed in the community.
Social contribution activities Activity promotion system
SDGs relevance
■ Changes in the number of volunteers in social contribution activities (cumulative)
   In pursuit of harmonious coexistence and co-prosperity, Aichi Steel 10,000 promotes community-oriented activities focused around four key 9,000 words: “clean,” “green,” “creative” and “volunteerism.” 8,000
The Volunteer Center, located in the General Affairs Division, 7,000 provides information and promotes educational activities with the aim 6,000 of supporting employee volunteer activities. It also offers a consultation
service and plans smaller-scale volunteer activities in which employees 5,000 and others can easily participate, and it encourages them to experience
volunteering for themselves. 3,000
During fiscal 2020, we had to dramatically reduce the number of 2,000 activities that we held for achieving harmony with nature, and volunteer
activities, because of the pandemic. For this reason, there were far
fewer participants than normal even though we were able to hold
limited volunteer activities, such as selling bakery goods from welfare facilities and offering a cafe with foods that support disaster recovery, and local cleanup activities like Clean Aichi Day.
6,629
2016
7,276
2017
9,175
2018
9,904
2019 2020
(FY)
  Volunteer suppoWrtebsite
Established in 1993, the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund continued to donate to local social welfare organizations and volunteer groups near our company, and to provide ongoing support after the Kumamoto Earthquake. Another voluntary and ongoing program that employees can participate in is the “one-coin” donation program,
■ Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund
▲Japan Blind Tennis Federation ▲OISCA International
where they donate 100 yen from their pays every month. During fiscal 2020, although we had to dramatically reduce the number of volunteer activities that we held because of the pandemic, we did hold activities where
possible.
“One-coin” donation
653
volunteers
■ Volunteering and Welfare Hands-on Trial
▲Potato harvesting experience in Nakashinden green space
   4,000
Number of
volunteers in FY2020
5,277
(reduction due to COVID-19)
5,277
 Clean (beautification, safety, security)
In addition to holding the “Nearby roads clean-up campaign” every two months to help clean our neighborhoods, we have been holding Clean Aichi Day every October since 2009, together with employees of domestic and overseas subsidiaries, as one of Aichi Steel's
Nearby roads clean-up campaign Clean Aichi Day
CSR Enhancement Month activities.
We also conduct traffic safety awareness activities as a
responsible manufacturer in the automobile industry. One of those activities is “Zero Day” safety patrols that each site continues to conduct.
Traffic safety awareness
   3events, 69volunteers 1,307volunteers 370volunteers
Interaction with the community Events and participation
 33
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 34
We hold community meetings in the cities of Tokai (February) and Kariya (December), where we promote exchanges with residents of the local communities and actively participate in a variety of local volunteer activities. We also support activities involving festivals, sports days and other local events in the communities surrounding our sites, and dispatch employees to assist with the operation of those events.
We also invite local residents to events held at our headquarters and plants, and work to encourage interaction with our employees. We had to postpone our community meeting in Tokai City in fiscal 2020 because of the pandemic, but we were finally able to hold it when the state of emergency was lifted in April 2021. To help prevent the spread of COVID-19, we conducted our factory tour with participants remaining on the bus to minimize contact with our employees.
Number of volunteers

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 5
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Shareholder's Meeting
Appoints/Dismisses
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Base for Value Creation
  Corporate governance system diagram
 G
Governance
 Priority Issue 5
Increase Compliance Awareness Globally, and Strengthen Corporate Sustainability
  Appoints/Dismisses
Board of Directors
Inquiry Response
Audits
Audit&Supervisory Board
Reports to Reports to
Appoints/Dismisses
Accounting Audit team
      The Aichi Steel Group is undertaking measures to further ensure governance and compliance, enhance awareness of legal compliance, and conduct sound business activities worldwide. We are also revising our management structure and conducting thorough employee training to quickly address risks.
SDGs relevance
OfficerRemunerationandNominationCommittee Audits Makes decisions/Supervises Appoints/Dismisses
Evaluatestheappropriateness oftheaccountaudit
Audits
        Reports to
Makes proposals to/Reports to
President
Instructs/Supervises
Instructs/Supervises Makes decisions/Approves
Instructs/Supervises
   Basic approach to corporate governance
The Aichi Steel Group believes in the importance of realizing a sustainable society through business activities in order to achieve sustainable growth and improve medium- to long-term corporate value. Based on this belief, we work to enhance corporate governance so that we can manage our
businesses with a high level of fairness, transparency, and efficiency in accordance with our vision, and build strong relationships with our shareholders, customers, and all other stakeholders.
Internal Audit Depts.
Audits
   Companies/Headquarters/Departments
Reports to Advises/Aids
Group Companies
  Executive management structure changed to strengthen governance
 To create a governance system that can handle difficult competitive environments, we changed our executive management structure to focus on “roles” that can achieve faster decision-making and speedier business execution.
We started by eliminating the original Officer and Executive Officer positions, establishing a new Executive Officer position that sits above Senior Chief as an employee position, and
Roles of each position
reducing executive ranks and numbers from 34 to 12 to simplify the structure. In addition to the roles of General Manager and Company President, we established a new Officer position, instead of the previous person in charge of a division, in order to further accelerate decision-making and business execution.
Evolution of corporate governance
Over the years, Aichi Steel’s corporate governance structure has constantly evolved to improve the effectiveness of the directors and strengthen governance to manage businesses with a high level of fairness, transparency, and efficiency. With the rapidly changing business environment of recent years, from the once-in-a-century transition of the automotive industry to efforts toward carbon neutrality, we have implemented further reforms, including simplification of the executive management structure and adoption of a new Executive system, to accelerate decision-making and business execution. Going forward, we will continue these efforts to accurately understand the business environment and strengthen governance.
Earlier
2005
2010
2015
2020
     Managing Executive Officer
Supports the President from a management perspective while fulfilling the roles of General Manager and Company President
  Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board
●Appointment of outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Other Committee and Executive Systems
●Tenure of Directors reduced to one year (2006)
●Established CSR Committee (2006)
●Number of Directors reduced through introduction of an Executive Officer system (2013)
●Introduced Executive Officer system (2013)
●Appointment of outside Directors (2015)
●Number of outside Directors increased (2016)
●Started evaluating effectiveness of Board of Directors (2016)
●Established Director Remuneration and Personnel Planning Committee (2018)
●Established Corporate Planning Committee (2017)
●Disbanded CSR Committee (2018)
●Introduced Restricted Stock Remuneration Plan (2020)
●Managing Executive Officer and Senior Managing Executive Officer consolidated into a single Managing Executive
Officer role (2020)
●Introduced Executive system to simplify executive management structure and accelerate business execution (2021)
 Executive Officer
Executes business functions on the spot through prompt management decisions, and shares information with the management team
  Officer
Oversees and takes responsibility for all operations within a department as the chief officer in charge of the department
   35
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 36
Corporate governance structure
Aichi Steel uses an Audit & Supervisory Board. This system concentrates authority and responsibility for business execution to the Board of Directors, as the ultimate body for management decision making, and assigns the role of audit and supervision of the Board of Directors to the Audit & Supervisory Board and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, which are independent of the Board of Directors and business execution. We believe this system achieves appropriate management decisions and execution of duties while providing sufficient organizational checks and balances.
We employ two independent outside Directors and two outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members, with extensive experience and broad insights as managers, who supervise and audit the execution of duties of the directors, and we develop systems that function effectively to ensure objectivity and neutrality of management oversight.
Internally, we also develop and properly operate systems to ensure the appropriateness of our operations in line with the Internal Control System Basic Policy.
Management Committee
(Deliberation of critical issues, etc.)
Executive committees

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 5 Compliance
Risk Management
Risk management system
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
    Compliance promotion system
We aim to be a trusted company through the protection of human rights and compliance with laws and regulations, and by respecting public decency. To enhance the overall compliance of our Group, the Corporate Planning Committee—headed by the Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager—sets and reviews compliance policies on a regular basis.
Based on our internal rules and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, we strive to improve our compliance with laws and regulations as well as our social common sense. We enhance employee awareness by distributing the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, and compliance manuals.
Whistle-blowing system
In fiscal 2020, a total of 3 cases were reported to the Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline, the company's whistle-blowing system. We will continue taking corrective measures when necessary and inform the president of important matters for confirmation. We will also specify in the Code of Corporate Ethics how the system is operated and rules on the protection of whistle-blowers to ensure that whistle-blowers are protected. We will also continue promoting recognition and awareness of our whistle-blowing system among employees to further improve our internal ability to govern ourselves.
Compliance promotion system
Person responsible or legal
compliance
We have established internal rules, such as risk management rules and disaster prevention rules, and have established a risk management system, so that if we face or predict a serious risk, we can take prompt and appropriate action and ensure sound business operation.
  Corporate Planning f Committee
Chair:
Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager
Members:
Director, Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Executive Officer and Executive Management
      Changes in whistle-blowing cases
Risk management education
We have newly developed a curriculum for “risk management” designed for training of all job classes, where we explain how risk management is positioned and emphasized in CSR, and we include actual cases of crisis at Aichi Steel to heighten employees' risk awareness and ensure they understand what to do to prevent crisis occurrence/recurrence and what initial response to take when a crisis occurs.
As a result of the accident on January 8, 2016, we have declared January 8 to be Start Over Day at Aichi Steel to raise
awareness of our commitment, confirmed by everyone at Aichi Steel, to preventing such an accident from recurring. We have also established a permanent Denshinkan Education Center to teach and pass on to the next generation the lessons learned from the accident and our other failures, and we provided special safety training to all employees. We also implement measures to improve awareness, such as the January 8 Remembrance Declaration that we ask all executives and employees to make each year.
 (Cases)
14 12
10 8 6 4 2 0
Contact point ■General Affairs Div. ■Audit & Supervisory Board Member ■Lawyer
      Human Safety Subcommittee (Office: Human Resources Div.)
Role Specify actions to Mission protect lives
  5
General Affairs Officer
Compliance Liaison Meeting
General Legal
Compliance Site Various
General Affairs Div.
departments
13
8
Each division
Departmental person responsible for legal compliance
 Persons in charge of compliance
 Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee
(General Administration Office: General Affairs Div.)
 10
   3
   3
Disaster prevention and risk mitigation measures
We established the Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee through which we are developing disaster prevention measures in the event of an earthquake in the Nankai Trough. From February 2020, we have been dealing with the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19).
The main actions implemented to mitigate risk during fiscal 2020 are detailed below.
cases
2016
2017
2018
2019 2020
(FY)
Facility Safety Subcommittee (Office: Facility Engineering Div.)
     Compliance promotion activities
Level-based training
■ Companywide disaster drills
We plan and conduct companywide disaster drills twice a year. In fiscal 2020, we conducted the following drills in November. (The drills in May were canceled due to the spread of COVID-19.)
■ Response to novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) To respond appropriately to this constantly changing situation,
we launched an Emergency Control Headquarters as soon as COVID-19 started spreading in Japan. This cross-company organization continually collected information from inside and outside the company, reviewed internal operations, adjusted production, and worked to maintain business continuity. Having finished establishing the operational system, the organization was disbanded at the end of fiscal 2020. Going forward, we will use the knowledge gained through the Emergency Control Headquarters as we implement efforts to establish a new business style across the company.
We have also established a Support Center to support employees when they experience difficulties. It is continuing to implement the following measures and provide support to prevent the spread of the disease among employees. (These are just some examples.)
To enhance the compliance awareness of employees, we provide education on compliance to all employees. The importance of compliance is also covered in the Action Guidelines workshop held for those promoted to each level within the organization. In addition, other corporate scandal case studies are reported to the Compliance Liaison Meeting to help prevent the recurrence of similar compliance incidents.
We also hold CSR seminars on preventing harassment, and on-site compliance training and e-learning across the company for the purpose of preventing crime and harassment.
Fair transactions with suppliers
299participants (7 levels)
1CSR Seminar Com4
pliance Liaison Meeting
 1. Evacuation drills for all employees (assuming a large tsunami warning after an earthquake)
2. Simulation training by members of the companywide Emergency Control Headquarters (assuming a large-scale earthquake and then establishing an emergency control headquarters, confirming the status of damage, and formulating a recovery plan, etc.)
 ■ Inspections of disaster preparedness of plants by chairman and president
 ● Changing workstyles to prevent infection (changing means of commuting, working from home, reducing business trips, etc.)
● Issuing initial instructions and collecting information in the event of an infection occurring
● Procuring supplies of personal protective equipment (hand sanitizer, masks, protective gowns, etc.)
Role Maintain building Mission and facilities to
protect lives
 37
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 38
We periodically hold Business Regulations, Procurement Edition seminars to improve compliance with the Subcontracting Act, which is closely connected to our procurement transactions, and to avoid breaches of the act that is easy to fall foul of.
The president has implemented a program of local disaster preparedness inspections with the aim of improving disaster preparedness in each plant. (Forging Plant)
■ Nighttime emergency drills
Evacuation drills have been held assuming the absence of many key executives and employees at such times as during the night. (Forging Plant Office)
time (Jan)
On-site compliance training
(crime and harassment prevention) Companywide e-learning
times
(Apr, Jul, Oct, Dec)
1
time
 
            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 5 Information security
Messages from Outside Directors
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
    Supporting transformation to achieve further progress
Koichi Yasui Yuko Arai
Outside Director Outside Director
Information security promotion system
Recognizing the importance of information security management, in order to ensure that information management is conducted appropriately, we have established internal structures, provided employees with information and education on rules and regulations, and conduct inspections and so on in compliance with the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG).
The Risk Management Department conducts security inspections to ensure that there are no issues with external email, that employees do not carelessly take internal information outside the office, or that USB memory, cameras, and other devices are handled properly. Along with enhanced checking functionality in the system, we are further enhancing our confidentiality management structure to also provide advice from experts.
We have applied the ATSGs at all Group companies, and are enhancing information security across the entire Aichi Steel Group.
Information security promotion system
Management system and roles of each department
Information security guidelines
We, for security controls and to prevent leakages of personal information, have established rules regarding the procedures for handling documents and data, sending and receipt of email, and management standards and procedures for computers and peripheral devices.
Examples of rules:
• Document control rules
• Information security control rules
• Information disclosure rules
• Private information protection rules, etc.
We carefully handle and strictly control any information held by the Company or by any Group company, and any information obtained from our customers, suppliers or employees, etc., in accordance with our internal rules.
Definition of Confidential Information
All information, products, and facilities, regardless of form, that would disadvantage the Company if disclosed or leaked, or that would benefit a third party, and that have been designated as subject to restrictions on disclosure by the confidentiality management supervisor specified under the information security system. Confidential information regarding other companies obtained through proper means is also included.
Information security awareness and education
Through our CSR meetings, management receives updates on current Group information security management levels, as well as issues and ongoing efforts, ensuring a common awareness of information security as a management issue. For employees, a check is conducted using an “information security checklist” for every employee using a personal computer in their day-to-day work, regarding handling of information devices and various related rules. Based on those results, staff responsible for education in each department, along with department heads, provide individual instruction.
We also present public incidents of information leaks in a news format, and issue company-wide alerts when a computer virus or another malicious program is discovered in the Company, in order to raise awareness of security controls.
Number of times security 10 training held
Q1. What do you think of your own role as an outside Director? Also, how would you rate the Aichi Steel Board of Directors?
  Overall control
Administrative Depts.
General Affairs Officer
•Person responsible for confidentiality management
General Affairs Div. and IT Management Div.
•Creates and revises measures related to the management of
confidential information
•Audits and provides guidance according to the confidentiality
management status across the entire company •Manages systems (both technical and human aspects)
Yasui: As a member of management in the past, I always try to personally visit the front lines of gas supply and sales to see and confirm situations with my own eyes. Even as an outside Director, I think it is important to visit those sites as much as possible to get direct access to the ideas and thoughts of the people working there (although it was mostly not possible this past year because of the pandemic).
Arai: I also try to consider lessons and approaches from my own industry when making recommendations. Vision 2030 sets out many of the same ESG management and action guidelines followed by the aviation industry, so I can introduce or propose any initiatives that might be helpful while actively questioning things from the perspective of another industry.
Yasui: I believe my role is to apply my past experiences and expertise to continually question the Board of Directors, to discuss any concerns I might have, and to provide support at all other times. I feel that the Aichi Steel Board of Directors lets me perform my role and exchange opinions freely across the boundaries of the company.
Arai: In terms of a free exchange of opinions, the Board of Directors sets aside some time before meetings to explain any technical subject that will be discussed, which makes the discussions more meaningful. I am also impressed with the way they make improvements or otherwise address any of our proposals with a sense of urgency.
  Q2. How would you rate Aichi Steel’s response to significant changes in the social environment?
 In each department
Role
•Assumes all responsibility for confidential information within the division
•Designates people in charge of confidentiality management
•Has the final say in confidentiality classification •Designates employees authorized to create
top-secret documents
•Implements self-auditing of confidentiality
management status •Establishes rules for the division
•Acts under the authority of the confidentiality management supervisor
(Designates confidentiality classification and sets the operating rules within the division)
•Works to promote and fully establish confidentiality management in the division
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management
•Gives approval, instructions, and guidance related to confidential information used in their location
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management •Reports accidents, damage, illegal acts and
wrongdoing to his/her superior
 Confidentiality management supervisor (General managers of individual divisions)
 Confidentiality management person (Manager, who is the person in charge of compliance, designated by the general manager)
 Representative managers, etc.
 Employees
 Yasui: The entire industry is being severely impacted by the pandemic, so I thought it was quite impressive that the company quickly moved to establish a new business style and showed that they were applying their lessons and discoveries to the future. Arai: Speaking of rapid response, the company also did well to respond quickly to the CASE trend, including developing the GMPS (Global Magnetic Positioning System), and materials and parts for electric vehicles. The company has a strong awareness of its role in contributing to the SDGs. It is actively applying its technical capabilities, that other companies cannot match,
toward the expansion of businesses in new fields like security, medicine, and agriculture.
Yasui: Recently, the hot topic of carbon neutrality has surfaced, representing a major change in the business environment that is an inevitable management risk for Aichi Steel, but they have expressed their determination to tackle this topic through technology development and new market creation. The company has a well-established culture of taking on challenges, so I look forward very much to seeing everyone work together to conquer this new challenge.
Q3. What issues and other important points do you see with Aichi Steel’s medium- to long-term growth strategies?
 39
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 40
Yasui: With increasing complexity of initiatives and multi-directional expansion of business fields, I really think Aichi Steel needs to focus on depth and breadth when developing its human resources, including both specialized personnel and personnel with a wider perspective who can provide oversight of the entire company. Because it has a culture of taking on challenges, I expect to see the company overflowing with talent who can achieve self-growth as the company grows within an environment that allows them to continue taking on challenges.
Arai: It is important that the management team and employees share the same vision of what the company should be, and what they want it to be, in the future. I strongly commend Aichi Steel for formulating Vision 2030 and announcing it through a president’s press release. By doing so, they shared the details and the company’s determination among employees, not just outside the company, which has created a stronger unifying force for realizing the vision. I look forward to further efforts by the company to create safe and secure workplaces, and achieve workstyle reform, that enables all its employees to work happily and with vitality, and to growth together with the company.

            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 5 Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
for Growth
1 Takahiro Fujioka President
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 (100%)
3 Naohiro Yasunaga
2 Motoshi Nakamura Executive Vice President
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 (100%)
4 Katsunori Kojima Director and Managing Executive Officer
7 Hiroaki Chino
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 (100%)
9 Koichi Ito
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 (100%)
Number of Directors
Percentage of outside Directors (number of female directors)
Hirofumi Yokota
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
New
10 Katsuyuki Ogura
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 (100%)
Number of meetings of the 14 Board of Director
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Initiatives and Systems Financial/ Strategies as the Foundation Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
                 7 6 5 3 1
2 4 9 10 8
                  8
              5
Director and Managing Executive Officer General Manager, Manufacturing Innovation Headquarters
Safety and Environmental Officer
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 (100%)
Koichi Yasui
Outside Director
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
13 of 14 (93%)
6
Smart Company President
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
11 of 11 (100%)
Yuko Arai
Outside Director
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
13 of 14 (93%)
6
% (1)
    33
Attendance rate at Board of Directors meetings
97.6
%
    41
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 42

            Financial/Non-financial Data
Key Financial Data (11-year summary)
(Million yen)
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
FY2017 FY2018
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
   FY2010
215,453
14,072
6.53 12,873 11,948 15,205 7.06
20,528 12,475 2,776
13.45 6.30
240,217 123,671 118,682
49.41 57,773 0.49
19,787 –17,445 –22,848
774.89 6,044.28 100 12.9
4,351
FY2011
227,478
8,458
3.72 7,925 7,884 4,246
1.87
10,649 14,447 3,337
3.55 1.76
241,951 126,111 120,786
49.92 58,983 0.49
11,164 –14,067 –741
216.21 6,148.61 100 46.3
4,406
FY2012
217,279
7,332
3.37 7,929 7,768 4,898
2.25
10,272 12,840 3,597
3.96 2.04
238,165 132,436 126,323
53.04 51,243 0.41
27,757 –11,867 –10,198
249.37 6,430.50 100 40.1
4,504
FY2013
237,420
9,627
4.05 9,810 9,779 5,503
2.32
12,930 12,355 3,471
4.17 2.23
255,259 144,965 137,592
53.90 52,046 0.38
14,992 –11,993 –1,911
279.94 6,995.84 100 35.7
4,613
FY2014
240,647
10,616
4.41 11,141 10,693 6,023 2.50
12,752 11,833 3,538
4.14 2.33
264,694 161,669 153,316
57.92 44,915 0.29
19,336 –13,565 –10,158
306.25 7,794.08 100 32.7
4,617
FY2015
FY2016
FY2019
  Net sales Segment:
Hagane Company Stainless Steel Company Kitaeru Company
Smart Company
Other businesses
          Operating profit
Segment: Hagane Company
Stainless Steel Company Kitaeru Company
Smart Company
Other businesses
Operating profit margin (%)
Ordinary profit
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Profit margin attributable to owners of parent (%)
20 0.01
15,408 12,692 3,282
0.01 0.01
251,078 147,534 139,344
55.50 37,447 0.27
25,193 –12,122 –9,466
1.02 7,080.24 100 ―
4,654
5,084 2.39
20,831 12,353 3,304
3.60 1.95
271,763 151,273 143,024
52.63 54,598 0.38
13,350 –19,677 15,231
258.34 7,266.42 100 38.7
4,773
8,182 6,503 3.46 2.53
19,020 20,914 13,818 14,423 3,777 3,992
5.55 4.27 2.99 2.30
275,315 290,294 160,806 161,889 151,891 152,638
55.17 52.58 47,317 59,618 0.31 0.39
13,164 13,580 –20,954 –19,765 –9,509 9,035
415.71 330.38 7,716.77 7,754.80 120 120 28.9 36.3
4,847 4,957
8,543 3.53
20,068 15,884 3,758
5.56 2.99
280,380 163,691 154,647
55.16 59,445 0.38
36,308 –24,517 –3,290
434.05 7,857.00 130 30.0
4,912
            Capital expenditures Depreciation expenses R&D expenses
Return on equity (ROE) (%) Return on assets (ROA) (%)
Total assets
Net assets
Capital adequacy
Capital adequacy ratio (%) Interest bearing debt Debt-equity ratio (Ratio)
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities
Net profit per share (Yen) Net assets per share (Yen) Dividends per share (Yen) Payout ratio (%)
Employees (Persons)
  99,599 107,352 109,217 102,018
13,820 14,786 14,627 14,865
3,191 3,123 3,290 3,477
5,883 7,218 11,813 11,119 13,901
5,653 8,006 9,245 8,970
845 2,747 1,057 3,329
237 348 –39 606
482 710 856 993
2.75 3.39 5.00 4.32 5.74
5,835 6,863 11,774 11,324 13,776
1,409 8,045 12,371 10,455 13,158
FY2020
  Profit and loss
 214,120 212,837 236,237 257,315 242,262
96,225 110,974 130,180 121,899
204,908
68,216
32,757
86,012
15,476
2,444
3,563
–2,294
2,467
1,909
673
807
1.74
4,248
4,717
3,049
1.49
  Capital expenditures and R&D expenses
 14,194
16,963
4,054
  Profitability
 1.88
1.03
  Assets, liabilities and capital
 314,040
179,716
169,811
54.07
75,878
0.45
  Cash flows
 14,793
–13,834
14,168
  Investment indicators
 154.82
8,619.39
45
29.1
  Non-financial information
 4,826
            43
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 44
1 Every 10 shares in the Company were consolidated into one share effective of October 1, 2016. Net profit per share, net assets per share, and dividends per share were calculated in anticipation of this share consolidation at the beginning of fiscal 2009.
2 The ASBJ Statement No. 28, Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting (February 16, 2018) came into force at the beginning of fiscal 2018. The key management indicators for FY2014, FY2015, FY2016 and FY2017 represent retrospective application of this accounting standard.
Indicators and other information for FY2009, FY2010, FY2011, FY2012 and FY2013 remain as they were prior to application of this accounting standard.

            Financial/Non-financial Data
Financial Highlights
Non-financial Highlights
Total CO2 emissions (Thousand t-CO2/year)
750 1,520
Net sales
(Billion yen) 300
     250
     200
     150
     100
Operating profit and operating profit margin
1,502
681.1
2018
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
(Thousand tons) 1,600
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
     (Billion yen)
20 15 10
Operating profit Operating profit margin
5.74 13.9
(%)
6
4
2
■■ Total CO2 emissions Production volume 700
E 650 600 0
680.3
2005 Base year
1,366 636.0
2016
1,447
669.2
2017
1,347
633.0
2019
1,195 556.7
2020
1,400 1,200 1,000
       212.8
204.9
(FY)
1.0 2019
%
ISO 14001-certified subsidiaries 91
%
236.2
257.3
242.2
5.00 11.8
Waste recycling rate
 3.39
4.32 11.1
Environmental Waste sent directly to landfill (Thousand tons)
Waste sent indirectly to landfill
     2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) 2016 2017 2018 2019
Interest bearing debt and debt-equity ratio Net profit and net profit per share
2020 (FY)
3,000 2,000 1,000
15 10 5
180 160.63
9,175
7.2
15 10
13.2
(Thousand tons) 30
25.5 20
099.1 Percentage of
         5 000
5.1
4.7
1.74
3.5
Website
5.3
5 10
1.5 1.6 3.3 00
  50
3.2 1.3 2017 2018
0.7 2020 (FY)
  2000 2016 Base year
Diversity
2017 2018
2019 2020
(FY)
2000 2016 Base year
  2016 2017 2018 2019
2020 (FY)
2016 2017 2018 2019
2020 (FY)
  Net assets and ROE
Total assets and ROA
(Proportion of all managers 1%) Changes in employment of persons
■■Persons employed Employment rate (Persons)
50 Statutory 2003.60179.7440022,45,508720employmentrate
(Billion yen) Total assets
300 ROE 5.55 5.56 6 600 ROA 2.99 2.99 3
(Billion yen) Net assets
(%)
(%)
100 100 100 8.0 8.2 15 17
(%)
Changes in number of employees
S ■■ Male ■■ Female ■■ Employees started Employees returned with disabilities
100 60 55 59 59 6 4.27 2,000104074
Percentage of female employees (Persons) (%)
(Persons) 3,000 2,663 2,687 2,733 10 20
(%)
Changes in childcare leave
Women in 3 management positions
                       1.95 2.30 Social 10
2
1
,466
2
8.2
2.6
2.75 2.6
       151.2
160.8
161.8
163.6
1,000 0
5 225 0 0
2
0 2020 (FY)
   271.7
275.3 290.2 280.3
314.0
  212
221
5
2020 (FY) 2018
0 0
(FY) 2018
        100
2
200
1
Workstyles
Social contribution
Social contribution expenditure and number of volunteers
1.88
0000
■■ Annual working hours (Hours)
■■ Days taken (Days)
Usage rate
13.6 68.0
(%)
100
50
■■ Social contribution expenditure (Million yen)
Number of volunteers
(Persons) 12,000
77.58 8,000
5,277 4,000
1.03
2018
2019
2019
2020
2019
Changes in employee annual working hours
Changes in days of paid leave taken
        2,139
2,050 1,988
13.3
66.5
9.5 47.5
9,904
124.76
        0.45
90
   (Billion yen)
     100
      80
      60
      40
      20
       0
Interest bearing debt Debt-equity ratio
Net profit
(Ratio) (Billion yen) Net profit per share
(Yen)
500
250
154.82
00000
  0.5 15 0.4
0.3 10
0.2 5 5.0
0.1
2018 2019 2020 (FY) Governance
2018 2019 2020 (FY) Security
Number of Number of times Audit & security
Supervisory training held
2018 2019 2020 (FY) Compliance
      0.38
0.31
54.5
0.39
0.38
75.8
415.71
434.05
   59.6 59.4 47.3
           258.34
(incl. 1 woman)
15
8.1
330.388.5 6.5
G6 2 Number of meetings Attendance rate at meetings
Governance
Number of Number of Directors outside Directors
10
Number of compliance training classes
  Board 4 Members
Number of serious information
Number of reporting and consultation
 3.0
    45
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 46
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
0.00 0
of the Board of the Board of Director of Directors
%
Board Members)
incidents
14 95.7
(of which, 2 outside 0 Audit & Supervisory security incidents
3
  
        Value Creation
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
     DNA of Aichi Steel
Aichi Steel Corporation was originally established in 1934 as the steel
making division of Toyoda Automatic Loom Works (currently Toyota Industries Corporation). It split off to become an independent entity in 1940, operating as Toyota Steel Works. The history of Aichi Steel shows our efforts to contribute to society by carrying forward the spirit of our founder Kiichiro Toyoda and his belief that “Great cars are made with great steel.”
2017
Started autonomous driving trials with autonomous driving support system using GMPS (Global Magnetic Positioning System)
2018
Completed construction of new production line at Gifu Plant for power card lead frames for electric vehicles
Mar 2021
       2002
Successfully developed and produced MI highly sensitive magnetic sensor elements
2003
Developed TetsuRiki Agri to promote photosynthesis in vegetation
2010
Developed Dy-free MAGFINE® magnetic powder containing no heavy rare earth metals
2020
Completed construction of electric furnace exhaust heat recovery system
2020
Resource-saving, high-strength stainless steel for high-pressure hydrogen applications used for new MIRAI FCEVs
next-generation PDMA fertilizer for poor soils
2014
Used stainless steel in the high-pressure hydrogen system of MIRAI FCEVs
2016
Built integrated production system from raw materials to sensors Started production amorphous wire
Jan 2021
Developed 34,000 rpm, 40%* downsized Electric Axle for BEVs
Successfully developed
    Net sales (Billion yen)
History of the Business
* Further downsizing (50%) currently possible due to high performance magnetic powder
May 2021
Developed rotating bending fatigue test apparatus for high-pressure hydrogen environments
  250
200
150
100
50
1934
Established as the steel making division of Toyoda Automatic Loom Works
1935
1958
Brought stainless steel rolled angle bars to market
1982
Developed world's first composite steel making process
Net sales Operating profit
Operating profit (Billion yen)
20
15
10
5
       First prototype, A1 passenger vehicle completed
1995
Established Aichi Forge Philippines as first overseas forging base
       1940
Split off as Toyota Steel Works, an independent entity
1945
Changed name to
Aichi Steel
  00
       Vision for Aichi Steel
       Base for Value Creation
1934~
Philosophy Evolution
1940
Five Main Principles of Toyoda established as
1960
1970
1998
Action Guidelines established
1980
2018 2020
1990 2000 2010 2020 2030
* Consolidated since 1995
* The standards for posting sales were changed in 1998 (the portion of sales from steel making base
material are excluded from sales of steel products)
Looking forward to our 90th, 100th and other future anniversaries
   1985
Our Vision established
Aichi Way
established created
     47 management philosophy
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 48
Brand slogan
  
            Value Creation
Aichi Steel Today
Manufacturing at Aichi Steel had its beginnings in specialty steel production. While carrying on this founding DNA, it has
evolved into a wide range of businesses.
Taking advantage of the technical capabilities we have cultivated, we are creating the products of choice for our customers.
Sales composition
%
Net sales (FY2020)
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
204.9
billion yen
16.0
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Financial/ Non-financial Data
%
42.0
Base for Value Creation
     Company Profile
Establishment: March 8, 1940
Capital: 25,016 million yen (as of March 31,
2021)
Representative: Takahiro Fujioka, President
33.3
Employees: 4,826 (Consolidated)
2,733 (Non-consolidated) (as of March 31, 2021)
Business Description: Production and sale of specialty steel products, forgings and electromagnetic products
Head Office: Tokai City, Aichi Pref., Japan
Sales Offices: Tokyo / Osaka / Fukuoka
Overseas Offices: Shanghai / Silicon Valley
Plants: Chita / Kariya / Forging / Higashiura / Gifu / Seki /
Electronic Components
Stainless Steel Company
%
Kitaeru Company
%
Hagane Company
7.5
Smart Company
     Hagane Company
Based on our experience and technical capabilities in manufacturing specialty steels for over half a century, the Aichi Steel Group continues to evolve in pursuit of being number one in quality.
Net sales (FY2020)
68.2
billion yen
 Carbon steels and alloys for machine structural use, steel with guaranteed hardenability for structural use, microalloyed steel, boron steel, spring steel, high carbon chrome bearing steel, etc.
● Capabilities that have evolved with the accumulation of years of experience since foundation
● High quality that contributes to automobile safety, refined through the belief that “Great cars are made with great steel.”
Market presence
Hot-rolled steel bars (alloys for structural use) Share of Japanese production
No.
1
(26%)
    Stainless Steel Company
As the leading manufacturer of stainless steel shapes in Japan, the Aichi Steel Group meets the various needs of the customers through large variety and small quantity production of over 4,000 products of different shapes and types.
Net sales (FY2020)
32.7
billion yen
 Stainless steel shapes, round bars, deformed bars and titanium bars, and engineering of stainless steel construction
● Hot-rolling technologies of various shapes and dimensions accumulated over the years since producing Japan’s first hot-rolled stainless steel angle bar in 1958
● Stainless steel building structure engineering technologies, including design cooperation, factory manufacture, and on-site construction
Market presence
Stainless steel shapes and flat steel
Share of Japanese production
No.
1
(70%)
    Kitaeru Company
Leveraging the strengths of integrated forging with steel making process, which enables in-house production of everything from steel material to forged products, the Aichi Steel Group is producing high value-added components that contribute to lighter, higher-performance automobiles.
Net sales (FY2020)
86.0
billion yen
 Hot-cold-forged products and machined products (engine, chassis and drivetrain components, etc.)
● Ability to offer solutions using high quality products that leverage the strengths of integrated forging with steel making processes
● World-class forging technologies that create highly functional, highly accurate products
Market presence
Production
volume in Japan
as a single
forging plant No.
1
(No. 3 globally)
    Smart Company
The Aichi Steel Group is creating new businesses across five fields, from electronic components, magnets, dentistry and sensors, to iron fertilizers developed through knowledge of specialty steel manufacturing.
     15.4
Net sales (FY2020) billion yen
 Electronic materials and components, anisotropic Nd-Fe-B bonded magnets (MAGFINE®), dental magnetic attachments, ultra-compact ultra-sensitive magnetic sensors (MI Sensors), iron fertilizers, etc.
● Practical ability to expand the possibilities of a smart society through new products that leverage steel making technologies
● Unique technical capabilities able to contribute to a diverse range of customers
Market presence
0%) Anisotropic Nd-Fe-B (41
bonded magnets
Share of global production No.
Lead frames for electric vehicles Share of Japanese production
1
No.
                    49
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 50
Developed Main
technologies
products
Developed Main
technologies
products
Developed Main
technologies
products
Developed Main
technologies
products

             Value Creation
Value Creation Model
Even as our environment undergoes drastic changes, we will address social challenges through our business activities and achieve steady growth, supported by the spirit of our founder and his belief that “Great cars are made with great steel.” Aichi Steel employees, who all share the Aichi Way mindset, will continue to provide value to society with the belief that “A great society comes from great materials.” by leveraging the strengths of materials developed since foundation in each of our business domains.
Growth Initiatives and Systems Financial/
Strategies as the Foundation Non-financial Data for Growth
About the Sustainable Development Goals
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) were adopted at a United Nations summit in September 2015 as a number of goals for creating a sustainable world. The global community is working together to achieve the goals. Aichi Steel is also committed to the achievement of the SDGs through its businesses.
Vision for Aichi Steel
Base for Value Creation
   Identity
Roots/DNA of Aichi Steel
■ Established to manufacture the specialty steels required for automobiles
■ Toyota Group’s only materials manufacturer, supporting the basic performance of automobiles
Mission
At foundation:
“Great cars are made with great steel.”
Now:
“A great society comes from great materials.”
Changes in society and the environment
Strengths
Systems and people
■ Business organization comprising Companies and a Corporate office
■ HR diversity and HR development systems to support sustainable growth
Development and manufacturing capabilities
■ Material development capabilities handed down since foundation
■ Magnet and sensor technologies derived from steel manufacturing
■ High quality, stable manufacturing capabilities developed by the Toyota Group
Networks and cooperation
■ Global production and sales sites
■ Robust supply chains
■ Future-focused business and technical
collaborations
Financial foundation
■ Healthy and robust financial foundation ■ Varied financing channels
■ Cash flows with highly efficient capital
Business foundation that supports steady growth
Business
Value for Society
Maintaining human and global health
■ CO2 reductions through high strength, high performance materials for lightweighting vehicles
■ CO2 reductions through waste heat recovery and heat storage units
■ Soil improvement and greening through iron fertilizers
■ Safer and more secure healthcare provision through medical equipment using sensing technologies
■ Food safety through detection of foreign matter in food
■ Safe and secure workplaces and richer work lives
Supporting safe, secure and
convenient mobility
■ Accident reductions and help for mobility-impaired people through autonomous driving support
■ High strength, high performance materials to support vehicle running, turning and stopping
■ Highly functional components for electric vehicles
(BEVs and FCEVs)
Creating an exciting future
 Existing businesses
Hagane Company
Specialty Steel
Stainless Steel Company
Stainless Steel / Titanium
Kitaeru Company
Forged products
Smart Company
Electro-magnetic products
            Expanded value through creativity and further leveraging of existing strengths
Laying the foundation for new businesses
       Electronic
functional components
HEVs, BEVs, FCEVs
Battery materials
BEVs
Motors and magnets
BEVs
GMPS (Global Magnetic Positioning System)
Autonomous driving
Ultra high sensitive sensors
Sensing and medical
Environment and energy materials
Heat storage material developed by Aichi Steel
Heat storage systems
Iron fertilizers
Agriculture and biotechnology
             社会の変化・ ニーズを睨みながら、新たな価値提供へ
  New value focused on social changes and needs
 ■ ■
■
■ ■
Global warming and air pollution Urbanization and aging populations
Information technologies and intelligent technologies
Changes in automobiles Automation and driverless technologies
●
● ● ●
ESG management (Environmental, Social and Governance)
Risk management and compliance Prioritization (safety, quality, production, costs) Employee contentedness and growth
■ ■
Creating clean and safe cities through superior design and maintenance-free stainless steel
Developing materials that make our dreams come true
(Aerospace, oceanic and underground development etc.)
           51
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 52

  Released: December 2021
Primary contact: Public Relations Dept., Corporate Planning Headquarters
1, Wanowari, Arao-machi, Tokai-shi, Aichi 476-8666, Japan Tel: +81-52-603-9216
Fax: +81-52-603-1835 https://www.aichi-steel.co.jp/ENGLISH/index.html
   AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021
