          Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 1
for Growth
Aichi Environmental Action Plan
As a statement of policies and plans for environmental actions from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2020, the Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan adopts three core themes for the direction of our environmental action based on environmental management: “building a low-carbon society,” “building a resource-recycling society” and “achieving harmony with nature.” By reinforcing management from a global perspective that extends to consolidated subsidiaries, we have been contributing, as a sustainable company, to society and the global environment, and have achieved a number of successes.
One of the management guidelines included in Vision 2030 for the Aichi Steel Group, which we formulated last year, is “Contribution to a sustainable global environment,” which comprises three elements: “Fulfill environmental responsibilities,” “Contribute to a low-carbon society,” and
“Harmony with nature.” As our five-year action plan for these important tasks, and as our commitment to society, we also established the Aichi 2025 Environmental Action Plan in March 2021. Under the slogan “Eco-program for a happy, smiling and
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Initiatives and Systems Financial/ Strategies as the Foundation Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
  E
EnvironmentalPriority Issue 1
Contribute to a sustainable global environment
  Eco-program for a happy, smiling and prosperous future
 The Aichi Steel Group has established medium- to long-term targets around three environmental issues—“building a low-carbon society,” “building a resource-recycling society” and “achieving harmony with nature”—and is working to achieve those targets. Through these efforts, we are achieving efficient use of energy and resources and, through harmony between the global environment and manufacturing and by providing products and services with low environmental impact, we are contributing to a sustainable global environment.
Environmental management
Environmental activity promotion system
We formulated the “Environmental Action Plan” in June 1993, and the “Aichi Steel Environmental Charter” in June 1996. In order to achieve our goals, we are actively rolling out new initiatives. In light of the increasing global trend to ban, restrict, and control certain chemical substances contained in products, we revised the “Aichi Steel Environmental Charter” and management system in February 2017 to strengthen our management of chemical substances. In
Environmental guidelines
In order to promote environmental management activities, we have drawn up a set of Environmental Management Regulations. Its content can be broadly divided into the following four parts: 1) Items related to promoting environmental management; 2) Items related to compliance with and management of environmental regulations (laws,
prosperous future,” we will also actively promote eco-energy, eco-production, and eco-management as the three pillars of our basic environmental policy.
(Refer to the company website for details on the Aichi 2025 Environmental Action Plan.)
Eco- energy
Eco- production
Eco-
management
• Fulfill environmental responsibilities
• Conserve nature and biodiversity
• Communicate and disclose environmental information
 SDGs relevance
processes
• Adopt clean energy
products and technologies • Contribute to
■ FY2020 Action Items and Results (Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan)
Pursue the potential of materials and create new value
▲Three pillars of the Aichi 2025 Environmental Action Plan
• Pursue energy efficiency • Reform manufacturing
• Develop environmentally friendly
next-generation infrastructure
• Explore resource circulation
  Theme
Action item
Target
Major efforts
Results
Evaluation1. Undertake development
of eco-products and technologies
—
• Developmentofproductsthatreduce the environmental impact
• Next-generationenergiesandtechnologies that reduce environmental burdens
• Identifiedongoingtopicsfordevelopment and followed progress
2. Reduce CO2 emissions
through innovative improvements in energy efficiencyCompliance with Japan Iron and Steel Federation’s Low-carbon Society Plan (Phase 1)
• Planning and implementing CO2 reduction activities at each plant
• Promotingenergysavingsinproduction On-site inspections to improve energy efficiency through joint patrols between each site and EMS*1
top management
• AchievedcompliancewithLow-carbonSocietyPlan(Phase1)
kg-CO2/t
470
460
449.6
450 440 430 420
447.9 442.6
  442.2 438.6
16 17 18 19 20
Target: 440.8
 × (Note 1)
3. Thorough implementation of energy saving activities in production
4. Seek better transportation efficiency in logistics
13% reduction
of emission volume per transportation unit from
the 2006 level
• Streamliningroutes
• Modalshift*2
• Improveloadingrates
Consolidation and shipment of cargo by destination vehicle
Review of the number of scheduled routes to suite cargo volume
kg-CO2/t
10.0 9.5 9.0 8.5 8.0 7.5
Target: 8.3
 8.0 8.0
7.9 8.2 16 17 18 19 20
 7.9
 06
5. Reduce by-products during production and continue to utilize resources effectively
220 kg/t or less emission volume per crude
steel unit
• Internalreuseofdustfromelectricfurnaces
• Internalrecyclingofelectricfurnacerefractories • Externalrecyclingofwasteacidandsludge
• Externalrecyclingofcleanedsludge
kg/crude steel t 230
228
Target: 220
  220
210
200
190 180 170
212 187
204 212
 16 17 18 19 20
× (Note 1)
6. Promote projects that benefit resource-recycling corporations
—
• AS Shot®*3 technology PR and promotion • Creationoftopicsfortechnologies
for 100% recycling of automobiles
7. Reduce and effectively use packaging materials in logistics operations
—
• Monitorfornewpackaging
• Nonefound
8. Reduce water use in production activities
—
• Continuemanagingwateruse
• ManagedspecificconsumptionatForgingPlantandGifuPlant
9. Promote activities for preservation of nature and biodiversity
—
• Promotionof“connected”initiatives
• Expandingnetworkofgroupsmakingefforts to achieve harmony with nature
• Maintainedbiodiversity-modelgreenspaces
• EnhancedPRofactivitiestoachieveharmony
with nature
× (Note 2)
10. Promote activities for zero abnormalities and complaints
Abnormalities/ complaints: 0/year
• Implementstrictmanagementtoachieve80%orbelow of regulation values set by environment-related laws
• Promotepreventionactivities
• Ongoingmeasurestopreventenvironmental near misses
• ConductedinspectionsbyChiefEMSOfficer
11. Enhance consolidated environmental management
—
• On-siteinspectionsofdomesticsubsidiaries
at “Aichi Steel Group Environmental Study Group”
• Environmentalauditsofdomesticsubsidiaries
by the General Manager of the Safety & Environmental Division • Enhancechemicalsubstancemanagementsystem
• Ongoing“AichiSteelGroupEnvironmentalStudyGroup” with domestic subsidiaries
• Ongoingenvironmentalaudits
• Establishedregulationsformanagingchemical
substances in products
12. Reduce emissions to contribute
to improvement of urban air quality in each country and region
—
• Monitortheadoptionoflow-emissionvehicles
• Continuemonitoringactivities
13. Promote environmental activities in coordination
with business partners
—
• Obtaininformation
on product chemical substances
• Obtaininformationonproductchemicalsubstances from contract processors
14. Further reinforce global employee environmental education
and awareness activities
—
• Trialenvironmentalriskpredictiontrainingtools
• Expandeduseofenvironmentalriskprediction training tools
15. Ensure active disclosure
of environmental information
and enhanced communication activities
—
• Continuouspublicationofenvironmentalreports and enhancement of content
• Enhancingenvironmentalcommunicationactivities
• EnhancedinformationdisclosuresurroundingESGandSDGs • Permanentproductdisplaysatadministration
building Visitor Centerorder to promote these revisions, we have established a new organizational system. The Environmental Working Group now oversees four subcommittees, the Global Warming Prevention Committee, the Aichi Steel Group Environmental Committee, and promotes a variety of activities aimed at environmental conservation. In addition, we are currently working to ensure that all consolidated subsidiaries that operate production sites are ISO 14001-certified.
ordinances, agreements, etc.) such as the Basic Environment Law; 3) Items related to the advance evaluation of the environmental impact of our products, raw materials, sub-materials, and facilities and; 4) Items related to supporting and cooperating with societal and local environmental conservation activities. ■ Environment management promotion organization (as of March 31, 2020) Environmental Conservation
        Environmental Working Group
(Meets twice/year)
(Chair: President)
Subcommittee
Resource Recycling Subcommittee
Product and Environment Subcommittee
Awareness and Publicity Subcommittee
Global Warming Prevention Committee (Meets twice/year)
(Chair: Director in charge of Safety & Environmental Div.)
Energy-Saving Production Subcommittee
Process Energy Reforming Subcommittee
Logistics Energy Conservation Subcommittee
Eco Life Subcommittee
Aichi Steel Group Environmental Committee
Administrative office
・ Safety & Environmental Div. Environmental Management
Group
・ Individual sites
Environmental ISO Review Committee
(Meets twice/year)
(Chair: Director in charge of Safety & Environmental Div.)
Chita Site
Kariya Site
Forging Site
Seki Site
Electronic Components Site
Gifu Site
Other relevant sites
Site environmental meeting (Chair: Head of each site)
                        17
Note 1. Energy loss will be improved and stabilized as the new equipment comes into full effect.
Note 2. Events could not be held due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
*1 Environment Management System *2 Changing truck transport to rail and sea transport with low-environmental impacts *3 Recycled abrasives made from by-products of the steel making process
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 18
Environment Management
Harmony Building a resource-recycling with nature society
Three Core Themes
Building a low-carbon society
          Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 1 Initiatives for building a low-carbon society
Website
■ Factors behind changes since last fiscal year
Website
Growth Strategies
Measures to promote harmony with nature
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Vision for Aichi Steel
Base for Value Creation
    Fiscal 2020 targets and results
Based on the “Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan,” we pursued reductions in CO2 to achieve the targets of the Japan Iron and Steel Federation’s “Commitment to a Low Carbon Society” (Phase 1). We reduced total CO2 emissions through a combination of reduced production and improved operations.
■ Breakdown of energy used in fiscal 2020 (CO2 emissions)
Participation in “All-Toyota Green Wave Project” activities
   Total CO2 emissions
Total
CO2 emissions 556,000 t-CO2
556,000
Electricity
61.0%
Oxygen 1.9% Heavy oil
class A 0.9% Coke
7.1%
City gas
28.6%
t-CO /year 2
(-76,000 tons year-over-year)
Other
0.5%
Aichi Steel is participating in the “All-Toyota Green Wave Project” activities being implemented by the Toyota Group and other affiliated companies as part of efforts to coexist with nature. This project includes a range of activities to “connect communities toward harmony with nature.” We are undertaking activities that contribute to restoration of ecosystems by connecting people with other people and activities and linking habitats.
▶Participation in All-Toyota activities
(maintenance of Izu-numa, a wetland area registered under the Ramsar Convention)
Forestation to create a forest for beetles
Since fiscal 2012, we have been creating a forest for beetles. We have been planting a broadleaf forest in about 20,000 m2 of Nakashinden green spaces around our plant and creating an environment in which beetles and other creatures can live their natural life cycles. We have been working with the Chita Peninsula Ecosystem Network Council and members of the Student Action Committee NPO to grow the trees. In fall every year, we also hold a large harmony-with-nature event called “Mori Mori event” where employees and their families participate in various activities, including programs held in collaboration with other organizations and companies, tree cultivation activities, release of rare medaka (Japanese rice fish), and planting of wheat.
We have also started new initiatives in addition to the Nakashinden green spaces. We are currently developing
   19
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 20
Energy saving through logistics optimization
In accordance with the Energy Saving Act revised in April 2006, we have been working on efficient environmentally-friendly logistics optimization activities after understanding the flow of distribution and reviewing issues.
More specifically, we are visualizing off-premise logistics routes and volumes, and promoting logistics improvements from the perspective of streamlining routes, modal shifts (from
land transport to sea transport), and improving loading rates. From fiscal 2006 to 2020, we achieved a 14% reduction in
CO2 emissions per unit from logistics.
* Modal shift: Changing truck transport to rail and sea transport with low-environmental impacts
an ecosystem network across the entire Chita Peninsula, cultivating trees using bamboo charcoal from bamboo groves we are maintaining at the town of Mihama, and an initiative in collaboration with the Higashiura Natural Environment Learning Forest to jointly research the beetles and foxes that are attracted to, and symbolic of, Nakashinden green spaces.
Although we were unable to hold events in the Nakashinden green spaces during fiscal 2020 because of the pandemic, we started a new initiative using goats as a method of weed eradication and were able to establish an efficient management and maintenance system that is friendly to people and nature. We also conducted other limited activities as much as possible, including maintaining bamboo groves at the Higashiura Natural Environment Learning Forest and study tours of Toyota Motor Corporation’s Forest of Toyota.
▲Weed eradication using goats at Nakashinden green space
Measures to develop a resource recycling-based society
Website
   Contributions to end-of-life car recycling
In line with the End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling Law, which came into force in 2005, the Toyota Group is working to achieve complete recycling.
Aichi Steel is working with Toyota Metal Co., Ltd. to improve
* Automobile shredder residue (ASR):
All remaining waste after crushing end-of-life vehicles in an industrial shredder and removing ferrous and non-ferrous metals.
Number of Nakashinden indicator species
* Photo courtesy of Toyota Metal Co., Ltd.
recycling, and we are recycling automobile shredder residue (ASR)* by melting “dallied solids” and “solids balers” in the electric furnace as raw material.
22
Improvement factors
1. Reduced energy consumption due to
reduced production
59,500 t-CO2/year
2. Reduced energy consumption due to improved operations through optimization of steel making materials
9,900 t-CO2/year Total 69,400 t-CO2/year
 Hindrance factors
1. Increased energy consumption due to reduced production and the resulting drop in steel
making efficiency, etc.
7,500 t-CO2/year
2. Increased energy consumption due to reduced production and the resulting drop in rolling
operation efficiency
Total 9,100 t-CO2/year
1,600 t-CO2/year
 Solid balers Compressed mixture of automotive plant steel scrap (scrap material) and molten solidified material.
an Adopt-A-Forest Promotion Program agreement with Otaki Village in Nagano Prefecture to develop a broad area of about 12 hectares of forest into the FOREST of AICHI STEEL GROUP.
During fiscal 2020, we conducted forest thinning activities with a limited number of volunteers in consideration of the pandemic and to help stop the spread of infection.
▲Limited number of people participating in activities in Otaki Village, Nagano Prefecture
▲Forest thinning work
▲Study tour of Forest of Toyota Forest-developing volunteers
   Dallied solids Material
comprising a mix of steel scrap (chips) from automobile plants and ASR (re-sorted and treated) that has been melted, solidified and formed.
As we use large amounts of water in our steel production, we have carried out twice-yearly forest cultivation activities in Nagano Prefecture since 2006, which is the source of Aichi Prefecture’s service water. We recruit volunteer employees to take part in improvement cutting and thinning activities aimed at creating healthy forests, and in the process deepen our interactions with local residents.
  