Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 2
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
  Human resources development
“Jikotei Kanketsu” training
To improve employee productivity, as part of our efforts to maximize potential and performance, we hold “Jikotei Kanketsu” training for team leaders. “Jikotei Kanketsu” is a work approach that emphasizes high-quality work with an efficient arrangement of steps to prevent errors and avoid
Specialized technical training
Since August 2016, we have been providing specialized technical training for all skilled workers in forging plants to provide systematic training on the knowledge and skills needed at those plants. To raise understanding of the purpose and necessity of each task, and lead to “Kaizen ,” the roles of skilled workers, from the fundamentals of manufacturing to the essentials of the facilities that create products and measures for dealing with abnormalities, are divided into three ranks and the training is organized so that workers learn in steps. (The ranks are Rank C for up to five years after joining the company, Rank B for up to 10 years after joining the company, and Rank A for first-level supervisors.)
Employee health and safety
Efforts to eliminate lost time accidents
Although we have seen fewer accidents over recent years compared to 10 years ago, one regret that remains an issue is that the number of accidents resulting in lost work time is not changing. For this reason, under the slogan “Transform into a company recognized by society as having a culture of safety” in Vision 2030, we are conducting activities based on three pillars of safety with the aim of achieving zero accidents for three years in a row.
■ FY2021 policy looking ahead to 2030 (activities based on three pillars of safety)
To help stop the spread of COVID-19, respond to increasingly strict rules and regulations around industrial safety and health, and prevent fires, we are also improving communication with operators in the factory, listening to problems related to work issues, and implementing “Kaizen” improvements through a safety support system of scheduled improvements.
■ Number of lost time accidents and lost time frequency rate
Website
Procedure
P
D Do(ateveryimportant point, check, confidently call “Done!” and proceed)
C Check (reflect on work process and look forS SocialPriority Issue 2
Encourage the creation of workplaces that are safe and comfortable to improve employee happiness
  redos. Through training, we are able to teach the appropriate approach and concrete steps. We have also developed an e-learning program on the basics of “Jikotei Kanketsu” that all employees can access anytime. We will continue efforts to teach the “Jikotei Kanketsu” approach going forward.
The hands-on training combines knowledge learning and practical skills acquisition. Trainee proficiency is confirmed through written tests, and determinations of whether trainees have reached a level that can be used in practical work are confirmed through presentations on examples of improvements and on-site monitoring. Trainees who pass receive ranked certification. With Rank C training starting in fiscal 2016, Rank B in fiscal 2017, and Rank A in fiscal 2020, we are continuing to expand training activities. By having all skilled workers undergo this training, a culture of asking “why?” will be created and the handing down of technology and skills to successors will be encouraged.
Plan (steps)
 The Aichi Steel Group is working to create a strong organization by maximizing the potential of individuals through the creation of environments in which diverse human resources can play an active role. This includes not only consideration of a wide variety of anti-discrimination human rights involving nationality, language, culture, age and gender, but also encompasses women, seniors, people with disabilities, and those combining work with child-raising or care-giving.
SDGs relevance
A
problems)
Act (pass on your knowledge to the next person)
   Respect for human rights and creation of comfortable workplaces
Number of
times held (total)
 Initiatives toward respect for human rights
The Aichi Steel Group states in the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines that it will comply with domestic and foreign laws and regulations both in letter and in spirit, and that it will respect human rights, and sets out behavioral standards for this.
Through level-based training and other educational opportunities, we cultivate a corporate culture in which the diversity of each employee is respected. In addition to the prevention of workplace harassment and implementation of appropriate measures by our Harassment Prevention Committee, we also hold workplace study sessions. The Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline is also in place for use by employees with issues regarding human rights. This system enables employees to consult directly with advising legal representatives.
Initiatives toward diversity
Promotion of more active roles for women in the workplace
Aichi Steel considers the promotion of diversity to be an important part of its management strategy, and as part of that is strengthening measures to promote more active roles for women. We continue to proactively hire more female employees, setting goals for the percentage of female hires among regular university hires. We have also developed working from home and career design training for female employees to consider their careers. In this way, we are advancing initiatives to support women in developing their skills. As part of our culture and awareness reform, we are providing education to our managers on the prevention of harassment, while operating our Harassment Consulting Center, to help create an environment where employees can balance work with family-life and child-raising duties.
Post-retirement reemployment system
We have in place a Manager Reemployment System and a Nice Senior System, which in principle allow all employees who wish to work after retirement to continue working until they begin receiving their pensions. To make work more enjoyable for our older employees, we are also creating workplaces that are easier to work in and we are reassessing employee benefits.
Website
■ Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline flowchart
61
Number of participants (total)
321
WebsiteAichi Steel employees
Suppliers
  Contact point
Internal External
General Affairs Div. Auditor
Legal representatives
 Promotion of employment for people with disabilities
Report
(can be anonymous)
Collaboration
Report
President/Committees
Feedback of outcome
Investigation team
(Investigation/interviews)
 Website
We prioritize mental health and lifestyle-related disease prevention, and systematically implement relevant initiatives. As a result, we were recognized for the fourth consecutive year as a Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization, in a program adopted by METI and Nippon Kenko Kaigi. We continue to maintain and promote the health of our employees, which is a priority
issue for the company.
Specifically, we are actively
implementing health promotion activities with all employees to reach our KPIs for rates of lost worktime, obesity and smokers.
Mental health activities
The Aichi Steel Group is working to maintain the mental health of its employees and prevent the development of mental issues, through various educational programs and individualized mental health care based on the results of stress check tests. We have also provided advice to workplaces that were determined to be at high risk for mental health based on analysis of these results.
In addition, we are enhancing management of risks associated with mental illness in the workplace through regular workplace inspections by mental health staff and regular meetings to share information with labor management staff from the Human Resources Division.
Going forward, we will continue working with supervisors to promote the creation of open workplaces that enable free discussion, to prevent the development of mental issues, and enable early detection of issues and early provision of care.
Health promotion efforts  We have employees with disabilities working in a range of workplaces, from our manufacturing sites to administrative divisions. To enable them to remain at work, it is important to not only provide the appropriate work support but to provide them with work that suits their individual abilities, so at the time of recruitment, we follow a program of practical training and interviews to decide where to assign them.
With the majority of people with disabilities working at Aichi Steel being those with intellectual impairments, we hold seminars aimed at developing their capabilities and workshops aimed at helping them acquire internal qualifications as part of continued support to provide them with rewarding careers.
We are also systematically training and allocating Vocational Life Consultants for Persons with Disabilities and Job Coaches to provide work-related coaching to develop workplaces where all employees can enjoy working together.
▲Workshops for employees with intellectual impairments are held four times per year. Study sessions and leisure activities not only enable these employees to acquire the knowledge required to work, but also provide them with the opportunity to network with fellow employees.
(Cases)
5 4 3 2 1 0
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
(%)
0.75
0.50
0.25
0.00
2020 (FY)
 (1) Safety management: Conducting disaster mitigation efforts by sharing information on near misses and promoting mutually beneficial communication
(2) Development of safety-conscious human resource:
Training to improve awareness through an “anzen dojo training” program, and teaching traditions of safe work through competitions
(3) Fundamentally safe designs: Conducting risk reduction activities by promoting fundamentally safe designs
  0.68 0.66 Number of lost time accidents Lost time frequency rate
  21
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 22
0.45 0.45 0.45 0.46
   0.16 0.16 0.15 0.15
  Number of lost time accidents
Lost time frequency rate
Correction/management
Person/division concerned
            Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 3
Growth Strategies
Initiatives for improving quality (TQM)
Quality awareness activities
November has been designated Quality Month. With a focus on the concepts of “Customer First” and “Quality First,” we are working to raise awareness of quality among our employees by holding site inspections by the president, quality exhibitions displaying quality mottos and posters, and implementing other initiatives.
We have also worked to improve awareness of quality among our employees, regardless of the pandemic, by holding improvement case study meetings online so that employees could participate from the office or home, and by holding a groupwide TQM conference with Shinichi Sasaki, as an authority on “Jikotei Kanketsu,” as special guest.
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Vision for Aichi Steel
Base for Value Creation
  Website
 S Social
 Priority Issue 3
Create a prosperous society through business reform and provide extremely competitive products
  Products provided by the Aichi Steel Group are important parts directly related to automobile running, turning and stopping. To offer customers greater peace of mind in using our products, it is essential that we provide a stable supply of high quality products. To ensure our products gain the trust of our customers around the world, we are aiming to become an integrated forging with steel making process company that provides the world’s finest quality, and we are working as one to build a globally competitive, leading quality assurance system.
SDGs relevance
  Quality Management System (QMS) Activity promotion system
In accordance with our policy of “Quality First,” we will strive to maintain a business structure, based on ISO 9001, ISO 13485 and other standards, that gains customer trust and enables us to deliver attractive products that meet
Medium-term Quality Vision 2030
Quality Control Basic Policy
We have formulated a Quality Control Basic Policy as part of our efforts to promote quality assurance initiatives.
Third-party certifications and compliance with international standards
In addition to ISO 9001 certification, we have also obtained other third-party certifications and public institution accreditations based on our QMS. We are also audited every one to five years for review and renewal of these certifications and accreditations.
Website
▲Site inspection by the president (Forging Plant)
▶Guest lecture by Shinichi Sasaki, Former Executive Vice President at Toyota Motor Corp.
  expectations
Quality Vision 2030, we are working as one to build a globally competitive, leading quality assurance system.
Quality assurance system
Quality Function Board
Aichi Steel Group initiatives to improve quality are being recognized by customers.
In March 2020, our Electronic Components Plant received an Excellence Award for supplier contributions to quality improvement, for the eighth year in a row, from the Hirose Plant of Toyota Motor Corporation. Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (SAFC) also received a Special Contribution Award from Kubota Engine (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. in December 2020, and the Forging Plant received a Quality Excellence Award from Daihatsu Motor Co., Ltd. in April 2021.
and needs.
In line with our
Medium-term
◀Special Contribution Award received by SAFC from
Kubota Engine (Wuxi) Co., Ltd.
Customer recognition of quality
  1. Quality management
2. Development of manufacturing with quality-conscious
 Master
 a focus on quality!
human resources
3. Fundamentally high
quality design
Quality Assurance Div.
(QMS Review Committee)
Promotion of CSR procurement
Global, open and fair transactions
We strive to provide all of our suppliers, at home and abroad, with procurement information and the opportunity for open, fair transactions.
Actual transactions are determined based on a comprehensive review of quality, technology, cost and delivery times, as well as soundness of management, approach to and structures for ongoing improvement, and other factors.
Mutual growth based on mutual trust
Our relationships with our suppliers based on building and maintaining relationships of trust through close communication, and a basic approach that calls for us to grow together with our business partners and share the fruits of our mutual efforts.
Legal compliance
We comply with all relevant laws and regulations related to our purchasing activities, and also carefully control the confidential information of our suppliers in accordance with our company rules.
Website
   Quality Control Dept. for each plant
Development and Production Engineering Dept.
Other related departments (Sales, Purchasing, Human Resources, etc.)
Overseas Support Dept.
Plant sections
Green procurement efforts
   Quality Control Basic Policy
We will establish a reliable corporate structure, based on the concept of “quality first,” to provide products that meet the requirements and needs of customers.
  23
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 24
Acquisition status of quality ISO certification
Since formulating the Aichi Steel Environmental Charter in 1996, we consider environmental conservation in all phases of our business activities, and work to achieve continuous improvements.
In August 2020, we announced Vision 2030 for the Aichi Steel Group. Then in March 2021, we created the Aichi 2025 Environmental Action Plan as a five-year action plan for implementing ESG management under the vision. To drive eco-energy, eco-production, and eco-management, which are the three pillars of our basic environmental policy that form the basis of this plan, we revised our Green Procurement Guidelines in April 2021. Our aim was to prioritize purchases from suppliers engaged in efforts to reduce environmental burdens, such as reducing CO2 emissions, recycling resources, reducing environmentally hazardous substances, and conserving biodiversity.
In line with customer demands and regulations for managing chemical substances in products, we classify controlled substances as banned substances, conditionally banned substances, or restricted substances, and we advise our suppliers of the classifications.
When entering a new transaction, making changes to compositions or manufacturing methods, or adding relevant environmentally hazardous substances, we also request that suppliers submit a Report on Presence of Environmentally Hazardous Substances, we confirm they are not included and use alternative substances when necessary, and ensure they are not used.
1. Steel products and forged products
Passed renewal audit for ISO 9001 (October 2020)
2. Electro-magnetic products
Passed surveillance audit for ISO 9001 (December 2020) Passed surveillance audit for ISO 13485 (January 2021)
3. Laboratory accreditation
Passed renewal audit for ISO/IEC 17025 (December 2020)
(Quality & Technology Committee)
