Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 3
Stainless Steel
Company
Business Overview
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
      Strategies for the Medium-term Management PlanEnhanced production capacity
By the end of fiscal 2023, we will improve and re-engineer our existing production facilities to
, which is our planned sales
volume for fiscal 2026.
Approach to markets
Stainless steel production capacity plan (1,000 tons)
50% increase
FY2028
   enhance production capacity to 73,000 tons (15%
       Profile
•Range of developed steels for •contributing to a hydrogen-based society
Lineup of hot rolled flat bars
and steel shapes •(domestic share of over 70%)
Capital investment for further expanding
production capabilities for hot rolled •flat bars and steel shapes
Integrated engineering business, from design cooperation
through to installation
Kazuya Fukatsu
Stainless Steel Company President
Contributing to creating a sustainable society through stainless steels
and engineering
To further improve the presence of Aichi Steel in the domestic markets for hot rolled flat bars and steel shapes, the Stainless Steel Company is driving market creation activities through Value Analysis proposals, that help shorten the processes for customers, by rebuilding production facilities and expanding its engineering business.
•Concerns about an influx of •foreign materials into Japan
Deterioration
of production facilities for hot rolled flat bars and
•steel shapes
Increasing need to realize a
•hydrogen-based society Momentum surrounding
rebuilding of domestic infrastructure
TOPICS
Vertical Greening Cylinders (Vertical Forest®) Using Stainless Steel from Aichi Steel Receives Best Development Award (Bronze Award)
at 25th International Stainless Steel Forum (ISSF)
Aichi Steel entered a design cooperation with Takenaka Corporation to develop vertical greening cylinders and engaged in factory manufacture and on-site construction as the stainless steel building structure engineer.
We will continue to deliver high value-added products through while helping to become
an environmentally friendly society.
Manufacture of stainless steel shapes, round bars
and deformed bars,
and engineering
further expand use of our hot rolled flat bars
We will
general contractors and others.
90 80 70 60 50
0
through design cooperation with
FY2019
FY2021 FY2022 FY2023
Stainless Steel Business Management Div., Stainless Steel Production Engineering Div. Kariya Plant
◆Subsidiaries AIKO CORPORATION, Aichi Techno Metal Fukaumi CO. LTD.
 and steel shapes
  Priority Issue 1 Strengthening our business foundation
(achieving healthy growth with safe, growing, and vibrant workplaces)
 Kazuya Fukatsu took on the role of Stainless Steel Company President in April 2020. [Safety] Maintain accident-free workplaces
We are committed to creating workplaces that prioritize safety. We will also develop a consolidated safety system through mutual learning mainly with Kariya Plant, and including subsidiaries.
[Quality] Aim for zero customer complaints
We aim to reduce customer complaints to zero by eliminating the causes of quality defects through the
.
We will steadily improve the energy efficiency of Kariya Plant and contribute toward a low carbon society through efforts including switching to future new energies.
[Maintenance] Enhance preventive maintenance
We will ensure fulfillment of our responsibility to supply
customers by completing scheduled repairs and upgrades of deteriorating facilities.FY2020 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)1. Developed systems and changed mindsets within the Company
We created workplaces where everyone can contribute, and we changed mindsets to one of fostering a sense of unity and growth as a United Stainless Steel Team.
2. Strengthened manufacturing capabilities
We worked on Genryou Management, including minimizing quality-related loss and consolidating heat treatment equipment, to build production systems for lower production volumes.
3. Strengthened production capabilities ahead of 2030
We invested in pickling equipment to increase production ahead of 2030. We also made the decision to roughly double investment in line with the capital investment plan outlined in the FY2021–23 Medium-term Management Plan.
4. Enhanced activities to develop new markets
Hydrogen: We developed AUS305-H2, a resource-saving, high-strength stainless steel for high-pressure hydrogen applications, that does not use molybdenum, an expensive rare metal.
Deformed bars: We reached a cumulative shipped total of 5,000 tons of deformed bars as a result of proactive market development activities that increased
their use in multiple projects.
5. Expanded engineering business
We expanded and developed our workforce, and through design cooperation, factory manufacture, and onsite installation, we accomplished 37 engineering projects in medicine, foods and other plants.
            Jikotei Kanketsu approach by establishing and
[Environment] Create energy-efficient plants to reduce CO2 emissions
 implementing conditions that ensure product quality
 Priority Issue 2 Growth strategies (increasing profits through six projects)
Project 1
Project 2 Project 3
Project 4
Project 5
Project 6
Restructuring product strategies
Reviewing large variety and small quantity production of over 4,000 products of different shapes and types.
Planning alliances
Investigating external ties rather than being closed to them
Expanding stainless steel parts, structures and constructure businesses
Utilizing engineering functions and obtaining early project information to make Value Analysis proposals to customers
Enhancing ties with consolidated subsidiaries
Optimizing consolidated management capabilities by expanding collaborations with Aiko Corporation and Aichi Techno Metal Fukaumi Co., Ltd.
Visualizing manufacturing processes and improving workmanship
Planning and implementing plant layouts that enable Genryou Management, and enhanced production capabilities in line with the Medium-term Management Plan
Creating new markets
(contributing to the hydrogen society and rebuilding of infrastructure)
Hydrogen:Delivering an omni-directional response to the hydrogen energy chain and establishing facilities for testing and evaluating steels
under high-pressure gaseous hydrogen
Deformedbars:Creating domestic markets and establishing production systems for stainless deformed bars
Aichi Steel stainless steel used in a variety of applications
    27
integrated solutions capabilities, from design cooperation through to
 factory manufacture and on-site construction,
 Details
1. Location:
2. Specifications:
3. Steel products:
4. Design and on-site construction:
Aichi International Convention & Exhibition Center
Hang 45 vertical greening cylinders (Vertical Forest®) with a length of 9 m from the large approach eaves with a length of 200 m and a height of 11.5 m, constituting the main gate
Stainless steel (about 70 tons)
SUS316A stainless steel pipe (for mandrel)
SUS316 steel shapes (for ring that supports the greening panels) Takenaka Corporation
Photo credit: Toho Gas Co., Ltd.
Internal stairs inside LNG tank
(low ductility in low temperatures)
Replacement of prestressed concrete slabs on Chuo Expressway (corrosion resistance)
Medium-term Management Plan production capacity
increase
 higher than fiscal 2019)
  Testing apparatus used to test high-pressure hydrogen environments
   Main entrance
Vertical greening cylinder
SS. Inc.
Uniaxial load hydraulic servo apparatus for tensile and fatigue tests (installed 2019)
Rotating bending fatigue test apparatus (world’s first, installed 2021)
FY2021–23 15%
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 28