Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 3
KitaeruCompany
Business Overview
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
      Strategies for the Medium- to Long-term Management Plan with a Focus on Vision 2030
To enable our automaker customers to focus on the development of advanced technologies in their role as mobility companies, we take broad responsibility for the manufacturing processes of existing parts and extend our engagement to machining processes as well.
Because of our integrated production systems, handling everything from steel products to forging and machining, we can reduce logistics costs and shorten manufacturing processes, and deliver high value-added finished products to contribute to the success of our customers. We accelerate these efforts with new parts in particular.
    •Decline in the use
of forged products
•as the world shifts to BEVs
Supply concerns and restructuring of forging companies due
•to the above
Change to high-quality, low-cost and flexible manufacturing
TOPICS
Installation of Global Standard Production Line with a View to Overseas Expansion (Contributing to enhanced competitiveness
on the global stage)
While increasing local procurement at global sites, there is a need for large variety and small quantity production because of the differing needs of environments and customers at each site. Therefore, we decided to install a global standard production line, which we eventually started running in May 2020.
This forging line produces the toothed GEAR, COUNTER DRIVEN DRIVE used in automatic transmissions and HEVs. It enables efficient large variety and small quantity production through faster setups, while improving precision and reducing production lead times. Incorporating environmental friendly ideas at every turn, it minimizes CO2 emissions as well.
With this production line and a product range that flexibly meets the needs of overseas environments and customers, and with our ability to expand technologies and skills globally as the mother company, we aim to improve the competitiveness of our overseas subsidiaries and become the Company of Choice Globally.
Global standard production line: Integrated line from material heating, to forging, to forging isothermal annealing
•Optimal materials and process design that merge steel and forged products through integrated forging with steel •making processes
Optimal product yield process design
throughout forging and machine •processing
Information gathering from five global sites and mutually complementary systems
Manufacture of forged products and development of related production technologies
Priority Issue 1 Evolution into a finished product manufacturer
(to become the company of choice through new added value)
Kitaeru Business Management Div., Forging Production Engineering Div., Forging Plant
◆Subsidiaries Asdex Corporation, AICHI FORGE PHILIPPINES, INC. (AFP),
Aichi Forge USA, INC. (AFU), AICHI FORGE (THAILAND) CO., LTD. (AFT),
Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (SAFC), PT. AICHI FORGING INDONESIA (AFI)
 Tetsuo Kondo
Managing Executive Officer and
Kitaeru Company President
Profile
Tetsuo Kondo took on the role
of Kitaeru Company President in April 2021.
Aiming to become a global forging company leader to contribute
to the Toyota Group
As a global forging company leader for the Toyota Group, the Kitaeru Company needs to evolve further. To achieve this, we will ensure steady implementation of Vision 2030 and the Medium-term Management Plan within Japan, and expand these efforts to global sites, to improve the competitiveness of forging across the group as a whole.
  Newly ordered parts for BEV electric axles
  Priority Issue 2 New product development
(to become the company of choice for appealing new products)
   FY2020 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
Although we had a massive downturn in production during the first half due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19, we further evolved our efforts with Genryou Management to improve profitability even within a difficult business environment.
Specifically, by (1) breaking down our major management KPIs into smaller units, and (2) checking the results in short intervals, we established more granular targets and checked progress on a daily basis. In this way,
capabilities and achieve immediate improvements.
This enabled us to thoroughly share our “volume-matched costs” approach that we have been sharing with our workplaces since fiscal 2019, and our workplaces now feel
more resilient to change.we were able to more clearly and
 accurately understand the current state of our manufacturing
   Confirming achievement and difficulties of Genryou Management through on-site inspections
  Electric Axle unit
In developing new products for electric vehicles, we leverage the strengths of our integrated forging with steel making processes to realize synergies of steel product development, forging techniques and process development. This enables us to create new products with functionality and quality that further exceed customer expectations.
In addition to electric axles for BEVs and mounted components for HEVs, which are both expected to increase in demand going forward, we are looking ahead of that to the next generation and strengthening our development efforts with a focus on parts made from new materials. Through the development of new techniques and processes, we will also proactively propose cost reductions through such things as eliminating heat treatment processes and CO2 emission reductions that can contribute to a low-carbon society.
      Priority Issue 3
Building a large variety production system
(to become the company for everyone during industry restructuring)
Pre-forming
Pre-forming
Pre-forming machine
Finish-forming
         Pre-forming machine
Material feed
 With the number of suppliers supposed to decrease through industry restructuring, we are starting to plan large variety and small quantity lines that are able to produce many different products even at low volumes, at the same cost and quality as for production of current models, to contribute to stability of supply to customers as the Toyota Group’s leading forging company. On these lines, we will divide press molding into the separate processes of pre-forming and finish-forming, with the pre-forming process achieving revolutionary (1) setup time reductions and (2) material yield improvements.
Priority Issue 4 Strengthening company connectivity on global sites (to remain the company of choice globally)
Due to the global pandemic, the whole of the Philippines (where we have a subsidiary) was placed in lockdown, so we implemented a global back up production. Based on this example, we conducted an exhaustive verification of BAP/BCP support for our global sites and shared the results with each of our sites.
Going forward, as the mother company, head office will continue conducting activities in close cooperation with our subsidiaries to enhance connectivity with overseas subsidiaries.
Preform feed
Loading
Heating
Finish- forming machine
Finishing Deburring
        29
(1) Revolutionary setup time reductions
(2) Revolutionary material yield improvements
High-mix production line (project launch)
   AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 30