          Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 3
Smart Company
Business Overview
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
     Sale and manufacture of electronic components, magnetic materials and other functional products
for the next generation
and development of related production technologies Strategies for the Medium-term Management Plan
Electronic components business
With demand for electronic components expected to increase as take-up of electric vehicles grows, we are going to need flexible production support to meet that demand. In putting Genryou Management into practice, we will maximize utilization of existing facilities and improve both productivity and quality assurance through AI. In this way, we will dramatically expand our earnings capacity while contributing predominantly to the field of energy. Specifically,
other companies, and to develop products for the next generation. Magnets business
Our magnets business is focused on electric water pumps, which are increasingly in demand as cooling components of electric vehicles. We are collaborating with the Frontier Research and Development Division to develop such things as coating technologies for magnetic powder, and together we are promoting sales.
As part of our development of electric axles for BEVs, we are merging MAGFINE® Dy-free bonded magnets with high strength materials developed by leveraging the strengths of our integrated forging with steel making processes. We have successfully verified high-speed rotation at speeds of up to 34,000 r.p.m., and size and weight reductions of 40% compared to conventional axles. We will continue development with a view to practical application as we make contributions to the field of energy. We are focusing on Genryou Management and delivering efficient production support, primarily to our Chinese subsidiary, which is responsible for producing magnets globally.
In support of carbon neutrality, we will also adopt solar power generation at our Seki Plant, as a model plant for the company, as we also make contributions to the environment.
Dental business
In Japan, Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare has expressed its intention to recognize, by September 2021, dental treatment using precision dental magnetic attachments as a healthcare service covered by health insurance. It means that our devices have more opportunities to contribute citizen's health. Restoration of oral function will improve overall health improved nutrition, which will also contribute to healthy lifestyles. Going forwards, we will focus on expanding its use from Japan to China and other countries where populations are aging.
Illustration of electric axle
Precision dental magnetic attachments    Profile
•Market changes due to such things as recognition of products for health insurance coverage and revisions
to the Road Traffic Act
•Unique technical capabilities originating from steel making
Katsunori Kojima
Director and
Managing Executive Officer and Smart Company President
Providing safety and security to people
around the world through materials
and technologies
With the enormous advantage of a wide range of solutions, the Smart Company is able to quickly respond to changes around the world as we fulfill our responsibility as a member of the global community. We are contributing through energy, healthy lifestyles, food supplies, and building safe public transport systems as fields for value creation that we have identified to help realize Vision 2030 and achieve the SDGs and carbon neutral targets.
•Major structural changes in electric vehicle components and changes in demand for existing products
•Wide range of solutions businesses related
to the SDGs
    Next-Generation Fertilizer “PDMA” Developed
to Enable Agriculture in Poor Soil
(Helping to solve global food shortages)
Thirty percent of cultivated land globally is alkaline, which tends to be iron-deficient and makes growing crops difficult. Working in collaboration with Tokushima University to find a solution, we have
with modified mugineic acid, a natural substance derived from Gramineae. PDMA is biodegradable* and can be effective on crops other than Gramineae as well. We are currently working to lower costs with a focus on
commercialization.
With food production currently unable to keep up with population
growth, and severe food shortages certain to occur, this product
is expected to increase food production and contribute to SDGs 2.
Zero Hunger by enabling use of land that is currently unsuitable for agriculture.
The results of this research were published in the electronic version of the British scientific journal “Nature Communications” on
March 10.
Crop growth confirmed in alkaline soil (four weeks after PDMA application)
* Biodegradable: Quality of a substance capable of decomposition by microorganisms or other living organisms successfully developed proline deoxymugineic acid (PDMA), which is Sensor and metallic fiber business
We will develop markets for sensors and metallic fibers in three main fields: magnetic marker-based GMPS (Global Magnetic Positioning System), security, and medicine.
With revisions to the Road Traffic Act in 2020, embedding of magnetic markers gained approval, so   the GMPS. In the field of security,   and build safe public transport systems to increase use of security gates, based on ultra-sensitive magnetic MI Sensors, in public areas. In the field of medicine, we will continue promoting the use of amorphous wire metallic fiber products, and enhance related sales activities as part of our contribution to healthy lifestyles.
Iron fertilizer business
TetsuRiki Agri and TetsuRiki Aqua are existing products that provide ferrous ions continuously, necessary for crop growth. We are achieving consistent sales of these products through the BtoB channel, and we aim to keep profitability going forward. In addition, we have confirmed the efficacy of TetsuRiki Aqua for recovering Fe deficiency in crops affected by citrus greening disease, which is a citrus-specific disease spreading globally. Through a series of field trials and accumulation of the results, we are developing a global sales network to contribute to stable food supplies.
▲MI sensor Before
Magnetic marker▶ After
   we are now actively promoting actual sales of
we aim to actively promote understanding by customers
Smart Business Management Div., Sensor Business Dept., Magnet Business Dept., Electronic Components Business Dept., Smart Production Engineering Div., Higashiura Plant, Gifu Plant, Seki Plant, Magnetic Material & Parts Plant, Electronic Components Plant ◆Subsidiaries Zhejiang Aichi Mechanical & Electrical Co., Ltd. (AME),
Aichi Magfine Czech s.r.o. (AMC),
Aichi Magfine Technology (Pinghu) Co., Ltd. (AMT), Aichi Europe GmbH (Ae)
 we will work together with customers to develop
 products with a focus on value-added through such things as technologies that differentiate us from
  After working as Kitaeru Company President, Katsunori Kojima took on the role of Smart Company President in April 2019.
Further increases in SDG-related needs in the medical and agricultural fields
TOPICS
High levels of expertise and quality among each of the five businessesFY2020 Initiatives: Results (Achievements)
In our daily production operations, we have worked honestly to promote Genryou Management and strengthen our business foundation, through which we
.
We have also proactively worked on SDG-related topics
and have taken on the challenge of creating new value as a member of the global community.
For example, MAGFINE® Dy-free bonded magnets that do not use heavy rare earth materials can potentially be used for the electric water pumps used to cool electric vehicles, which would
Production. To meet increasing demand in a timely manner, we are gearing up for mass production and developing customer supply channels.
have increased sales and profits, and achieved record
 profitability, despite the pandemic
 contribute to SDGs 7. Affordable
 and Clean Energy, and 12. Responsible Consumption and
  MAGFINE® Dy-free bonded magnets also help avoid resource risk
  an environmentally friendly next-generation fertilizer
        31
Yellowed leaves, affected by citrus greening disease,
have changed into health leaves by applying of TetsuRiki Aqua.
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 32