Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth Priority Issue 4
Vision for Aichi Steel
Growth Strategies
Initiatives and Systems as the Foundation for Growth
Financial/ Non-financial Data
Base for Value Creation
  Green (planting and environmental conservation)
Twice a year, students of the Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute plant flowers in the roundabout in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station, the station nearest our offices, as one of our activities to clean the neighborhood.
 ▲Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute students planting greenery on the roundabout in front of Shurakuen StationCreative (education, culture)
Launched in 2010 to mark the 70th anniversary of our founding, we visit schools to present a “Lesson about Iron” to students every year. The project, which we have held for 10 years, aims to teach elementary school fifth graders about the local industry of Tokai City, the largest iron-producing region in central Japan. Through a lesson called “Making Magnets,” we have been offering a fun way for local elementary school students to experience manufacturing, but we were unable to hold the lesson during fiscal 2020 because of the pandemic. For this reason, we have considered other options to promote further use of virtual
factory tours and other activities for people to use regardless of the conditions.
▶
Participating in “Lesson about Iron” (photo from fiscal 2019)S
SocialPriority Issue 4
Strengthen Relationships with Local Communities, and Actively Contribute to Society
The Aichi Steel Group seeks prosperous coexistence with surrounding communities, is conscious of its role as a “good corporate citizen,” and is actively involved with the local community. We place importance on communication through our social contribution activities and other efforts, and by gaining the trust of communities and understanding of our business activities, we strive to be a company that is continually welcomed in the community.
Social contribution activities Activity promotion system
SDGs relevance
■ Changes in the number of volunteers in social contribution activities (cumulative)
   In pursuit of harmonious coexistence and co-prosperity, Aichi Steel 10,000 promotes community-oriented activities focused around four key 9,000 words: “clean,” “green,” “creative” and “volunteerism.” 8,000
The Volunteer Center, located in the General Affairs Division, 7,000 provides information and promotes educational activities with the aim 6,000 of supporting employee volunteer activities. It also offers a consultation
service and plans smaller-scale volunteer activities in which employees 5,000 and others can easily participate, and it encourages them to experience
volunteering for themselves. 3,000
During fiscal 2020, we had to dramatically reduce the number of 2,000 activities that we held for achieving harmony with nature, and volunteer
activities, because of the pandemic. For this reason, there were far
fewer participants than normal even though we were able to hold
limited volunteer activities, such as selling bakery goods from welfare facilities and offering a cafe with foods that support disaster recovery, and local cleanup activities like Clean Aichi Day.
6,629
2016
7,276
2017
9,175
2018
9,904
2019 2020
(FY)
 Volunteer suppoWrtebsite
Established in 1993, the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund continued to donate to local social welfare organizations and volunteer groups near our company, and to provide ongoing support after the Kumamoto Earthquake. Another voluntary and ongoing program that employees can participate in is the “one-coin” donation program,
■ Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund
▲Japan Blind Tennis Federation ▲OISCA International
where they donate 100 yen from their pays every month. During fiscal 2020, although we had to dramatically reduce the number of volunteer activities that we held because of the pandemic, we did hold activities where
possible.
“One-coin” donation
653
volunteers
■ Volunteering and Welfare Hands-on Trial
▲Potato harvesting experience in Nakashinden green space
   4,000
Number of
volunteers in FY2020
5,277
(reduction due to COVID-19)
5,277Clean (beautification, safety, security)
In addition to holding the “Nearby roads clean-up campaign” every two months to help clean our neighborhoods, we have been holding Clean Aichi Day every October since 2009, together with employees of domestic and overseas subsidiaries, as one of Aichi Steel's
Nearby roads clean-up campaign Clean Aichi Day
CSR Enhancement Month activities.
We also conduct traffic safety awareness activities as a
responsible manufacturer in the automobile industry. One of those activities is “Zero Day” safety patrols that each site continues to conduct.
Traffic safety awareness
   3events, 69volunteers 1,307volunteers 370volunteers
Interaction with the community Events and participation
 33
AICHI STEEL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 34
We hold community meetings in the cities of Tokai (February) and Kariya (December), where we promote exchanges with residents of the local communities and actively participate in a variety of local volunteer activities. We also support activities involving festivals, sports days and other local events in the communities surrounding our sites, and dispatch employees to assist with the operation of those events.
We also invite local residents to events held at our headquarters and plants, and work to encourage interaction with our employees. We had to postpone our community meeting in Tokai City in fiscal 2020 because of the pandemic, but we were finally able to hold it when the state of emergency was lifted in April 2021. To help prevent the spread of COVID-19, we conducted our factory tour with participants remaining on the bus to minimize contact with our employees.
Number of volunteers