Our People, Our Organization
Astellas recognizes employees as important stakeholders. Astellas employees play the most valuable role in transforming the Company and in achieving enhanced levels of enterprise value. We are working to train employees and strengthen their competitiveness.
Astellas is fostering a corporate culture that aims to align the aspirations of its diverse employees in one direction to realize its business philosophy.
HR Vision
Providing Opportunities for Employees to Succeed Globally Diversity Management
Promoting Health Management
Occupational Health & Safety
Respect for Human Rights       Copyright © 2017 Astellas Pharma Inc. All right Reserved.
66
Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization > HR Vision
 Annual Report 2019
 HR Vision
Astellas has formulated a Human Resources (HR) Vision, which represents its approach to “Our People, Our Organization,” and this vision is shared globally to define its aspirations for its human resources and its organization. Making Astellas’ VISION a reality requires individual employees to understand the HR Vision and to act based on the Astellas Way.
As part of its activities to achieve these goals, Astellas is focusing on activities to disseminate the HR Vision. Specifically, this involved translating the HR Vision into various languages, conducting training and meetings for managers, and even reflecting the vision in personnel measures.
Astellas will increase the competitiveness of its human resources and organization by spreading and implementing the HR Vision and the Astellas Way. Moreover, Astellas will bring together individuals from diverse backgrounds within the Company to surmount national, regional and organizational barriers, foster mutual respect, and unite our people to continuously achieve innovation.
Overview of the HR Vision
    Copyright © 2017 Astellas Pharma Inc. All right Reserved.
67

Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization
> Providing Opportunities for Employees to Succeed Globally
 Annual Report 2019
Providing Opportunities for Employees to Succeed Globally
Astellas provides employees with opportunities to succeed globally in a variety of ways. In Japan, we have established an internal recruitment system to revitalize our organization and support employees in developing their own abilities and growing, while encouraging our people to succeed in roles at various overseas bases by proactively appointing employees from each division to be assigned abroad. In addition, we accept long-term and short-term assignees from Group companies outside Japan. In these and other ways, we are working to promote global interaction among our people at the divisional level.
  Copyright © 2017 Astellas Pharma Inc. All right Reserved.
 68

 Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization > Diversity Management
Annual Report 2019
Diversity Management
Astellas is working to promote diversity so that diverse individuals can play a role, irrespective of race, nationality, gender, or age. Respecting the diverse values of our employees and reflecting their various perspectives in our business activities not only heightens creativity in our organization but also helps to attract and retain talented people as employees and enhances our competitiveness.
Based on this recognition, Astellas implements measures led by its personnel functions in each region to promote diversity in line with the current situation in the region. For Astellas, promoting the career advancement of women in Japan is a high priority, particularly because the country has a low ratio of women in management positions compared to other regions, and the Company aims to develop a work environment and foster awareness among employees so that life events do not hinder career advancement.
In the year ended March 2019, Astellas acquired the Kurumin Mark as a company supporting employee child-raising from the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next- Generation Children. Astellas has also been selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange as a Nadeshiko Brand company actively promoting women’s success in the workplace. Male/Female.
Employee Ratio per Region and Ratio of Female Managers (The year ended March 2019)
Male 71.2% 44.6% 41.0% 46.1% 54.6%
Female 28.8% 55.4% 59.0% 53.9% 45.4%
    Japan
 Americas
  EMEA
 Asia & Oceania
 Average
  Ratio of female managers
  9.1%
 50.1%
   50.2%
 51.7%
 34.2%
 Copyright © 2017 Astellas Pharma Inc. All right Reserved.
69

 Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization > Promoting Health Management
Annual Report 2019
Promoting Health Management
If each employee realizes a high level of productivity and creativity and practices a workstyle that enables self-fulfillment, this will revitalize the organization and lead to its growth as One Astellas. The underlying condition for realizing these ways of working is the good health of the employees. Based on this thinking, in Japan, Astellas is promoting a health management that encourages employees to take control of looking after their health.
Specifically, in cooperation with the health insurance association (“collaboration health”), the Company is promoting improving employee health and disease prevention, and developing measures that include supporting mental health, preventing overwork, and countering second-hand smoking.
   Copyright © 2017 Astellas Pharma Inc. All right Reserved.
70

Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization > Occupational Health & Safety
 Annual Report 2019
 Occupational Health & Safety
We have the Astellas Environment, Health & Safety Policy in place to prevent work-related accidents and minimize those caused by workplace mishaps and hazards. Under this policy, each facility is independently building Environment, Health & Safety management systems and promoting associated initiatives. We are also working to ensure occupational safety from many different perspectives based on the information we share on accidents and near misses that have occurred at our workplaces around the world.
From 2017, Astellas expanded its scope of management and began global consolidation*1. From January to December 2018, there were no work-related fatalities, while there were 19 cases of injury requiring leaves of absence. The longest leave of absence was 125 days due to a traffic accident. We are working to further reduce risks in the future with the goal of achieving a global severity rate of work-related injuries of less than 0.005.
Frequency rate of work-related injuries*2 was 0.55 and severity rate of work-related injuries*3 was 0.009 on a global basis. We will strive to reduce our occupational safety risks with the goal of holding our severity rate of work-related injuries under 0.005 on a global basis.
*1 The totals by region for global and outside Japan have been disclosed since 2017.
*2 Frequency rate of work-related injuries: This rate shows the number of employee deaths or injuries resulting from work-related accidents causing leaves of absence per million hours of work. The larger the number, the more frequently work-related injuries occur.
*3 Severity rate of work-related injuries: This rate shows the number of days absent from work due to work-related injuries per thousand hours of work. The larger the number, the more serious the injury.
  Copyright © 2017 Astellas Pharma Inc. All right Reserved.
71

Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization > Respect for Human RightsAnnual Report 2019Respect for Human Rights
The Astellas Charter of Corporate Conduct and the Astellas Group Code of Conduct clearly state that members of the Astellas Group shall respect human rights and the personality and individuality of all its employees, observe all applicable international rules and local regulations, and embrace all cultures and customs. The recognition of the importance of respecting human rights is shared by Group companies worldwide.
Astellas disclosed its Position on Human Rights in April 2017. Wherever we operate, Astellas is committed to complying with internationally recognized basic human rights and labor standards as well as applicable local labor and employment laws, and to implementing and upholding the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Also, Astellas conducted a human rights impact assessment and has identified four human rights issues to which we pay particular attention as human rights in clinical trials and other research and development activities, product safety and counterfeit drugs, Access to Health and human rights in the workplace. Under the U.K. Modern Slavery Act 2015, we publish a Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement for each fiscal year, describing what steps we have taken to address this risk in our own operations or our supply chains.
We have established a system for swiftly responding to human rights issues that includes the setting up of external and internal helplines, as well as conducting training sessions for employees. Moreover, we have been globally confirming the awareness of human rights issues in the workplace and the status of human rights activities at our Group companies by conducting written surveys. In the year ended March 2019, there were no critical human rights issues or other issues of common, worldwide concern reported in the survey.
    Copyright © 2017 Astellas Pharma Inc. All right Reserved.
72