Access Accelerated  Astellas has participated in Access Accelerated*1 since its launch in January 2017. Access Accelerated is a global initiative aimed at improving access to non-communicable diseases (NCDs) prevention, diagnosis and treatment in low and middle income countries. More than 20 international pharmaceutical companies are partners in the program, working alongside organizations such as the World Bank, City Cancer Challenge, PATH, NCD Alliance and World Heart Federation.
Since Access Accelerated was launched in January 2017, 90 programs are actively addressing NCDs prevention, treatment and care as collective actions in first 2 years.
NCDs are any diseases not caused by human-to-human transmission of an infectious agent. Leading NCDs include cancer, cardiovascular disease, chronic respiratory disease and diabetes. Many NCDs are caused by unhealthy eating, lack of exercise, smoking or excessive drinking, and could be prevented by lifestyle improvement. NCDs are not just on the increase in developed countries, but the number of patients suffering from NCDs is also increasing in developing countries. The rising incidence of NCDs not only puts pressure on the healthcare budgets of developing countries, but also leads to economic losses when patients cannot work due to illness.
Access Accelerated Website
Link to Press Release released by Access Accelerated pdf 428KB
Our Commitment
     87
)(
 *This information describes Astellas’ support for the initiative as of January 18, 2017
Link to Press Release released by Astellas pdf 292KB
Astellas’ activities for Access Accelerated
Under Access Accelerated*1, Astellas supports ACTION ON FISTULATM, a pioneering program which has transformed the lives of over 4,738*2 women in Kenya who are suffering with obstetric fistula. As part of this program, Astellas worked to present its activities and raise public awareness of obstetric fistula through various occasions.
In 2017, Astellas launched a new initiative in India structured according to patients’ income levels, with the aim of improving their access to its anticancer products. Moreover, in 2018, Astellas supported City Cancer Challenge initiative at Cali city, Colombia. Astellas will continue to push ahead with activities that improve patients’ access to the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of NCDs in low and middle income countries.
*1 For details about Access Accelerated, please visit the following website:
http://www.accessaccelerated.org/
*2 As of 31st March 2019
Achievements of Access Accelerated
Access Accelerated annual reports introduce achievements of Access Accelerated. After its launch on January 18, 2017, 27 company programs were launched or extended in 2017 and 2018. ACTION ON FISTULATM, a program to transform the lives of women in Kenya with fistula, is introduced in this report.
Access Accelerated Year One Report Access Accelerated Year Two Report
Through participation in Access Accelerated, Astellas is helping to achieve the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal to reduce premature deaths from NCDs by one-third by 2030, in collaboration with various partners.
       
88
)(

Copyright © 2017 Astellas Pharma Inc. All right Reserved.
89