                      Annual Report
  
To Our Shareholders
          Smiles Ahead
Pursuing innovations for even better services
Created with employees, the slogan of the Seibu Group is “Smiles Ahead,” which reflects the Group’s vision of providing outstanding and customer-friendly services that support people’s lives. Toward that end, the Group has been taking on new challenges and optimizing the business portfolio over the past decade while leveraging a solid presence in Japan’s tourism industry. These efforts have paid off with seven consecutive years of growth in operating revenue.
Aiming for the next stage of growth, the Seibu Group has been implementing reforms and putting systems into place to promote innovations and increase corporate value. As part of these endeavors, the Group launched a new sustainability action plan in the current fiscal year to provide a platform for contributing to the local communities that we serve.
Takashi Goto President and CEO
  Seibu Holdings Inc.

Group Vision
      Action Guidelines on how to provide customers with active and moving experiences
The Group Declaration
Our aim is to be professionals promoting customers’ activities for rich experiences.
1. Be earnest
Engage in all businesses and services with safety as their foundation.
Open- and fair-minded in our conduct.
Respect the opinions of our customers and the members of our local communities.
2. Walk together
Mindful of the natural and global environment.
Act as a member of our local community.
Proactively cooperate with entities within and outside our group.
3. Meet challenges
Act from a global perspective.
Offer new services in anticipation of the coming times [new innovations].
Bring exciting new experiences to our customers’ lives.
    The Seibu Group's unchanging basic approach
The Group Philosophy
All of us at the Seibu Group work to help develop the local communities, as well as society at large, to protect the environment, and to provide safe, pleasant services for memorable experiences.
We also proudly and responsibly meet the challenge of creating the kind of new services that will move customers.
  Vision Book
+
  We give a copy of our Vision Book to all officers and employees to promote the Group Vision and ensure that it permeates the corporate organization.
 Annual Report 2019 1

Group Vision
 Group Vision
The Seibu Group's Goal
Adhering to our founding spirit of Appreciation and Service,
the Seibu Group embraces its philosophy, declaration and corporate slogan
as the collective corporate vision.
"The Group Philosophy" represents what the group must do
and we are uniquely capable of doing.
"The Group Philosophy" signifies our fundamental, unchanging idea
which serves as the starting point of all our activities.
"The Group Declaration" is the Seibu Group's important promise to society and our customers. It also serves as a guide for the conduct of every employee of the group.
Posters from 2006, when the Group Vision was launched
  2 Seibu Holdings Inc.

 Contents
 Close Up!
How the Seibu Group Creates Value.... P. 4 The Seibu Group’s growth up to now and its strategies for future growth
Roundtable Discussion among Outside Directors........................................... P. 16
Looking at the role of the Board of Directors in creating a leading group of companies
Promoting Sustainability .................. P. 22 Initiatives for helping communities become more sustainable and achieving the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals
Message from the President............ P. 10 Management’s plan for achieving ambitious targets going forward
Promoting Digital Management DX (Digital Transformation) ................... P. 20 Promoting optimal digital management from both an offensive and defensive perspective
Financial and Capital Strategies ...... P. 28 Management’s basic financial strategies for enhancing
corporate value
44. Corporate Governance
50. Financial Section
50. Six-Year Financial Overview
52. Analysis of Operating Results and
Financial Position
56. Consolidated Financial Statements
60. Seibu Group Subsidiaries and Business Facilities
61. Information for Investors
       4. How the Seibu Group Creates Value
4. The Seibu Group Today and the History of Our Growth 6. Value Creation Process
8. Medium-term Management Plan
10. Message from the President
16. Roundtable Discussion among Outside Directors 20. Promoting Digital Management DX
(Digital Transformation) 22. Promoting Sustainability
28. Financial and Capital Strategies
Editorial Policy
30. Financial Highlights 32. Business Strategy 32. Business Segments
34. Urban Transportation and Regional
36. Hotel and Leisure
38. Real Estate
40. Construction, Hawaii Business, and Other
42. Management Approach for Creating Value
42. Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Managing Officers
英文ロゴ
 The Seibu Group considers it important to present initiatives for long-term, sustainable growth in a comprehensive manner that enables all stakeholders to gain a clear understanding. This includes presenting financial information, including overviews of performance and business activities, as well as management strategies, in addition to nonfinancial information, including that relating to human resources, local communities, the environment, safety and security, and governance. Based on this stance, while providing enhanced and integrated nonfinancial information, this report has been prepared with reference to the International Integrated Reporting Framework provided by the International Integrated Reporting Council, and the Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation formulated by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. Accordingly, this report compiles and presents highly important information for understanding the Seibu Group. For further details, please refer to our corporate website and other communication media.
Period Covered by this Report
April 1, 2018, to March 31, 2019 (some information outside this period is also presented in the report)
Regarding Earnings Forecasts
Earnings forecasts and other forward-looking statements contained in this report have been prepared based on certain assumptions about uncertainties and information available as of the date of publication. Actual results may differ from the forward-looking statements.
Cover photo provided by Seibu Lions
Annual Report 2019 3
背景色がある場合(白マドをとる)

How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 The Seibu Group Today and the History of Our Growth
Following the establishment of Seibu Holdings in 2006, the Seibu Group solidified the foundations of its operations by differentiating and concentrating its core businesses. The Group then entered a transitional phase, through which the Group accelerated growth by developing Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho and raising the value of the hotel portfolio. Today, all companies of the Seibu Group work together to maximize synergies while operating six business segments: urban transportation and regional, hotel and leisure, real estate, construction, Hawaii business, and other businesses.
(billions of yen)
600
500
400
300
0 (FY)
2010/3 2011/3 2012/3
2013/3
2014/3
2015/3 2016/3
Real Estate
Managing stores in train stations, destination-type shopping malls, and large-scale redevelopments, such as Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho and DaiyaGate Ikebukuro.
2017/3
Left axis: Operating revenue
         The Seibu Group's Businesses
Urban Transportation and Regional
Other than railway operations in Tokyo and Saitama area, we have buses, taxis and leisure facilities along railway lines.
Hotel and Leisure
Managing hotels, golf courses, ski resorts, aquariums and other leisure facilities throughout Japan.
      Right axis: EBITDA (earnings before depreciation and amortization)
    FY2007/3
FY2015/3
Foundation building
Focusing on the concept of“concentration on our core businesses,” we strengthened the business foundations through such measures as management reforms and Group restructuring, bolstering our financial structure, and raising business efficiency.
 Shifting gears
With the increase in inbound tourism and the opening of Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho setting on a growth trajectory, we seized this opportunity to transition to a more aggressive management approach.
 4 Seibu Holdings Inc.
    
   FY2019/3
FY2021/3
120
150
Our long-term goals and aims ensure a future of sustainable and dynamic growth for the Seibu Group.
          2018/3
2019/3 2020/3 (Forecast)
2021/3 (Plan)
2022/3 (Plan)
Stage for further growth and expansion
To create and expand new value, we will build a management structure that is resilient to economic 9co0nditions or market fluctuations and generate innovation as only the Seibu Group can.
 Reaping
We will expand revenue by realizing returns on our active program of investments to increase value.
  Pioneering
While strengthening our existing businesses, we will move ahead to create new business areas in order to prepare for secondary growth and expansion.
 60 30
  Construction
  Hawaii Business
  Other
 Playing a role in all types of construction within the Group, including railway lines, hotel renovations, and others.
Operating three hotels and three golf courses in Hawaii.
Having the business deeply rooted in towns and cities in the Izu-Hakone area and the other areas around Lake Biwa in Siga Prefecture. Owners of the Saitama Seibu Lions baseball team.
Annual Report 2019 5
  (billions of yen)
  
 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 Management Approach for Creating Value
Corporate Governance [Safety/Environment/Society/Corporate culture]
  Sustainability Action
              6
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Value Creation Process
We are supplementing our existing businesses, primarily the urban transportation and regional, hotel and leisure,
and real estate businesses, with the creation of new businesses. Furthermore, by fostering human resources and organizations, deepening ties with local communities, coexisting harmoniously with the environment, and ensuring safety and security we will establish a sustainable growth foundation and thereby craft a value creation cycle for the Seibu Group.
By providing the resulting value to local communities and society, we aim to achieve the Group Vision.
    Hotel and Leisure
The driving force of higher corporate value Growth potential of the Hotel and Leisure business
Urban Transp ortation and Regional
Real Estate
The key to higher corporate value Abundant assets with potential for further value enhancement
Hawaii Business
DX (Digital transformation)
New
     Construction
The source of higher corporate value Ability to generate stable, long-term cash flows
Other
 r
e
v
e
l
s
t
n
e
m
t
s
e
v
n
i
e
k
a
a
g
i
n
g
a
s
M
t
a
b
l
e
c
a
s
h
f
o
w
b
a
s
e
 
 
》
 
《
 
E
x
p
a
n
d
t
h
e
c
a
s
h
f
o
w
b
a
s
e
《

   Value We Provide
Creation of new value ahead of the times
Safety and security, convenience for local communities
 Promotion of Japan as a world-class tourist destination
Urban development that adds new value
Regional revitalization
Creation of new experiences and business opportunities
Contributing to local job creation and development of local industry
Group Vision “Smiles ahead”
  businesses
 Annual Report 2019 7
       
s
t
e
s
s
 a
g
n
i
p
o
l
e
v
e
d
e
r
d
n
a
e
u
l
a
 v
g
n
i
s
i
a
r
h
g
u
o
r
h
t
w
o
r
G
  
《

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
Medium-term Management Plan
(Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020—fiscal year ending March 31, 2022)
Theme
“Sustainability & Dynamism”
Toward sustainable, dynamic growth
Basic policies
  Pursue innovations from a new viewpoint and with speed   Establish a growth platform from a long-term perspective
Key measures
To realize sustainable, dynamic growth, we need to focus on addressing the key issues of “create new business areas” and “expand existing business fields” based on our basic policies. We have added “continuously strengthen management foundation” to the five measures in the current plan and will promote initiatives over the next three years based on the following six key measures.
(1) Strengthen marketing capabilities
(2) Make effective use of the Group’s assets
(3) Strengthen collaboration inside and outside the Group
(4) Disciplined and efficient capital expenditure
(5) Create an organization and corporate culture that brings about innovation (6) Continuously strengthen management foundation
Operating revenue Operating profit
EBITDA
EBITDA margin
Net interest bearing debt Net debt / EBITDA ratio Return on Equity (ROE)
         Management index
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2022
   565.9 bn
73.3 bn
614.8 bn
  75.7 bn
  127.3 bn
 22.5%
137.5 bn
 22.4%
  878.5 bn
856.5 bn
  6.9 x
6.2 x
  11.3%
9.7%
               8
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Quantitative targets for the final year of the Medium-term
Management Plan (Fiscal year ending March 31, 2022)

Key Measures and Approaches
   Effective use of the Group’s assets
Central Tokyo area
We will continue planning mainly mixed-use developments in areas like Takanawa/Shinagawa and Shiba Koen, using Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho as a model case.
Development along the Seibu railway lines
Tokorozawa area
We are planning to open Grand Emio Tokorozawa Phase II in the summer of 2020. We will also promote the Tokorozawa west side development plan.
We are working on the Ballpark Project, which is
MetLife Dome area
expected to be completed in March 2021.
Seibuen Amusement Park revitalizing task force
We will consider measure to revitalize Seibuen Amusement Park, with aspirations to become a leisure park that customers choose to visit.
Seibu Shinjuku line development
We will conduct grade separation projects along the Seibu Shinjuku line, and promote initiatives to improve the value of the railway corridor, by making effective use of the ground level and the space under the railway lines, as well as projects to make better use of the Shinjuku area, which serves as a gateway for the Seibu Shinjuku line.
 Strengthen marketing capabilities
Prince Smart Inn
We launched an accommodation-only hotel brand, in order to address a diverse range of demand for accommodation, including inbound demand.
Starting with the openings in Ebisu and Atami in the summer of 2020.
Prince Vacation Club
We have entered the membership-style hotel business in order to capture demand from the “active senior” generation.
We will open the first facility in the Karuizawa area in July 2019, followed by Sanyo-so in Izu, Shizuoka Prefecture, which will be the second facility.
Introduction of new type of express train
We introduced the new limited express train Laview in March 2019, together with the exiting extra fare reserved seating train S-TRAIN and Haijima Liner. We will continue to offer services that meet our customers’ needs.
  Collaboration inside and outside the Group
Seibu Lab
Our internal organization, Seibu Lab will be the driver of our expansion into new business areas, working on initiatives such as Open Innovation Program.
The Prince Akatoki
A luxury brand with the aim of providing luxurious services internationally, with a touch of Japanese culture. Our plan is to open the first facility in London in 2019, followed by Guangzhou, China. We will accelerate our global expansion by integrating the expertise of StayWell, which we acquired in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, and the Prince Hotels.
 Disciplined and efficient capital expenditures
・Apply a hurdle rate
・Rigorously ensure PDCA verification of investments
 Create an organization and corporate culture that brings about innovation
We relocated our headquarter functions to DaiyaGate Ikebukuro in April 2019.
We promote workstyle reform, using digital technologies, as well as diversity, which will lead to innovation.
 Continuously strengthen management foundation
We are further reinforcing our corporate governance, including the introduction of stock compensation for our directors. We will also promote “sustainability action” an initiatives for solving social issues, while keeping Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in mind.
Annual Report 2019 9

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
Setting Our Sights on the Next Major Stage of Growth
   Message from the President
Takashi Goto President and CEO
Point
Objective 1 
Execute the new medium-term management plan while working toward sustainable and dynamic growth
Objective 2
Realize group synergies through redevelopment projects in Tokyo
Objective 3
Incorporate advanced digital technologies in operations and promote sustainability
  10
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 financial results
Record high operating profit and EBITDA
indicate that growth is accelerating as envisioned.
Following the establishment of Seibu Holdings in 2006, the Seibu Group decisively reorganized management and business portfolio by differentiating and concentrating on core businesses, thereby solidifying the foundations of operations. Following that period, the Group focused on boosting cash flow by securing returns on strategic investments aimed at raising the value of the Group’s property portfolio. Specifically, the Group expanded hotel business amid rapidly rising numbers of overseas tourists in Japan, and developed large-scale mixed-use facilities such as Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho. Having completed that transitional phase, the Group has reached a point where we can now explore opportunities for developing new businesses while enhancing established businesses. Our past efforts have proven successful— indicated by seven consecutive years of revenue growth—and we are now working to accelerate the pace of growth going forward.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, consolidated financial results were solid across the board. In the hotel business, proceeds from the meetings, incentives, conferences and exhibitions (MICE) business were steady and revenue per available room (RevPAR) increased by 5.5% year on year, reflecting our ongoing
initiatives to attract more affluent guests and fine tune revenue management that focuses on lead times. Hotels operated by the Hawaii business also recorded higher RevPAR. In the real estate business, leasing revenue from Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho increased year on year, and condominium unit sales were up at properties situated in cities served by Seibu Railway lines. Meanwhile, the Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball team boosted attendance over the course of winning the Pacific League championship.
As a result of these and other factors, operating revenue amounted to ¥565.9 billion, an increase of 6.7%. Supported by the increased revenue, operating profit jumped 14.1% to ¥73.3 billion and EBITDA reached ¥127.3 billion—both record highs for the Company and exceeding our targets.
Taking into account these financial results, we raised the annual consolidated dividend payout ratio to 20% from the previous target of 15%. Accordingly, we set the annual dividend for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 at ¥30 per share (including an interim dividend of ¥11.5 per share), an increase of ¥7 per share compared with the previous fiscal year. Looking ahead, we will aim to increase the consolidated dividend payout ratio to

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (YoY)
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 (YoY)
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2022 (YoY)
               Operating revenue
¥565.9 billion (up 6.7%)
¥584.4 billion (up 3.3%)
¥614.8 billion
        EBITDA
¥127.3 billion (up 10.2%)
¥128.5 billion (up 0.9%)
¥137.5 billion
         Operating profit
¥73.3 billion (up 14.1%)
¥71.0 billion (down 3.2%)
¥75.7 billion
        Ordinary profit
¥65.4 billion (up 17.9%)
¥62.7 billion (down 4.2%)
¥68.9 billion
         Profit attributable to owners of parent
¥45.4 billion (up 5.9%)
¥46.2 billion (up 1.6%)
¥49.0 billion
          Cash dividends per share
¥30
¥30
–
     30% over the medium to long term in an effort to return the return of profits to shareholders and investment in profits to shareholders at a level commensurate with the long-term growth.
Company’s performance, and in line with our long-term
financial policy of achieving an optimal balance between
Outlook for fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Business conditions will continue to be favorable for the Group’s three core businesses. We intend to get profits from the Hawaii business.
In fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, we plan to maintain the annual dividend of ¥30 per share in anticipation of further growth. Operating revenue is forecast to increase by 3.3% year on year to ¥584.4 billion, mainly based on expected RevPAR growth in the hotel business, contributions from newly opened hotels and the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro building, and increased revenue from the Hawaii business. We also expect contributions from train services we recently introduced to meet the needs of people travelling between Tokyo and Saitama Prefecture, including the S-Train and Haijima Liner commuter train services, as well as the new Laview limited express service that began operating in March 2019.
On the other hand, operating profit is forecast to decrease 3.2% year on year to ¥71.0 billion due to a number of factors. or instance, we expect increased depreciation expenses, costs for business restructuring,
as well as rising costs for the redevelopment of the area surrounding MetLife Dome, which includes the domed baseball stadium and recreational facilities in a spacious park. Meanwhile, property and condominium sales are expected be below levels in the previous fiscal year, which were higher than usual. While this tax hike along with market shifts may affect the Group’s three main businesses, namely the urban transportation and regional, hotel and leisure, and real estate businesses, we do not foresee any major changes in our operating environment. Accordingly, we believe that operating profit will exceed ¥70 billion in fiscal year ending March 31, 2020. We also forecast a 0.9% increase in EBITDA to ¥128.5 billion.
In addition, we expect the Hawaii business segment to return to the black this fiscal year and post positive operating profit, mainly due to higher occupancy rates of the Westin Hapuna Beach Resort following its reopening.
Annual Report 2019 11

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
◆ The Prince Sakura Tower Tokyo
◆ Grand Prince Hotel Takanawa
◆ Grand Prince Hotel New Takanawa
 Number of rooms (three hotels in total):1,576  Number of banquet halls: 68 small to large halls
 Land area: 83,636m2
 Land book value total ¥192.6 billion
(As of end of March, 2019)
◆ Shinagawa Prince Hotel
  Number of rooms: 3,560
  Number of banquet halls: 40 small to large halls ◆ Shinagawa Prince Residence
  (leased condominium building)
  Total number of units: 261
 Land area: 45,402m2
 Aiming to achieve substantial growth while pushing ahead with a new management plan
Objective ❶
Working toward sustainable and dynamic growth under a new medium- term management plan
Following a review of the policies and targets of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 to fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 medium-term management plan, originally announced on May 11, 2017, we launched a new three-year plan effective from April 2019. Spanning from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, the new medium-term management plan aims to ensure sustainable and dynamic growth. Concretely, we will work to enhance the Group’s established businesses and create new businesses by promoting innovations at a faster pace than ever before under the banner of “Sustainability & Dynamism.”
Japan will host major international events in the coming years, particularly the Rugby World Cup scheduled from September 2019 and the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games from July 2020. We believe these events will have a positive impact on the Seibu Group’s business.
Against that backdrop, we will aim, over the three years of the new plan, to boost operating revenue, operating profit, and EBITDA, while improving the ratio of net interest-bearing debt to EBITDA, an important indicator of financial discipline, to 6.2 times from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 result of 6.9 times. Our target for ROE is 9.7% by the final year of the plan. This is below the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 result of 11.3%, which was largely achieved by increasing retained
Outline of the Takanawa-Shinagawa area
earnings, but we will do our best to keep ROE at a stable level while maintaining an appropriate balance between investing in future growth and returning profits to shareholders. Indeed, effective from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, the Company adopted a new stock compensation system for directors linked to EBITDA and ROE as performance indicators and annual incentives, demonstrating our commitment to improving ROE in tandem with efforts to improve corporate governance.
We have earmarked funds for large-scale development projects that will start from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023 in central Tokyo’s Takanawa-Shinagawa and Shibakoen districts. We also intend to carefully select targets for investment during the three years of the new plan in order to proactively raise the value of areas serviced by Seibu train lines. Specifically, we will invest in the installation of safety barriers on train station platforms, construction of grade-separated railway crossings on the Seibu Shinjuku line, the Prince Vacation Club hotel membership plan, the second phase of redeveloping the Grand Emio Tokorozawa shopping center, and the redevelopment of the MetLife Dome and surrounding area.
The Seibu Group has set ambitious long-term targets and one of our management policies for achieving them is to create new businesses. For example, in our continually growing hotel and leisure business, we established the Prince Smart Inn as a new brand of ICT- and AI-equipped hotels, and the Prince Vacation Club as a hotel membership plan. We also created our new Prince Akatoki brand of international luxury hotels in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, and plan to
   The area around Shinagawa station prospered in ancient times as a staging post providing lodgings at the gateway to old Edo (Tokyo), and hundreds of years on, it continues to evolve as a hub for transportation and business. Looking ahead, it promises to develop as a new gateway area not only for Tokyo but also for Japan.
Shinagawa station
1
1
2 2
       12
Seibu Holdings Inc.

open the first hotel in London this year. In April 2017, we set up the Seibu Laboratory as a new department specializing in new business creation. Drawing from the Group’s extensive expertise in the railway, hotel and leisure businesses, the department has been promoting strategic partnerships with startup firms with a view to develop new businesses in the future.
case, we are planning redevelopment projects in the Takanawa-Shinagawa and Shibakoen districts of Tokyo. We expect the redevelopment plans and government approval for both projects to proceed at a quick pace starting from the end of the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2020, and plan to have construction work fully underway in 2027 when Japan’s first maglev line begins service from Shinagawa station. The redevelopment projects are relatively large, as they will involve the demolition and construction of several buildings on expansive sites, during which the Prince Hotels (currently operating in both districts) will be closed. Therefore, we intend to carry out redevelopment over a series of stages while paying close attention to the balance sheets and bottom line.
These redevelopment projects will be underway after the period of our current medium-term management plan, so the plan does not include the construction costs that will be incurred. Although we have received many inquiries regarding the scale of these investments from institutional investors, we are unable to provide specific amounts at this stage because the Tokyo government has not finalized the details of the plans. To give a rough idea, however, the total investment for Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho was approximately ¥100 billion, and the Takanawa-Shinagawa redevelopment site is about four times larger. The actual amount, of course, will depend on the exact type of project that goes forward. Although the projects are still a long way off, we are committed to maintaining a disciplined approach to allocating redevelopment funds using internal reserves and loans while giving full consideration to the interests of the Company’s current shareholders.
Objective ❷
Demonstrating Group synergies through
  redevelopment projects in Tokyo
The Board of Directors recognizes the importance of ensuring that the management of Seibu Holdings and the Group as a whole is fully evaluated by stakeholders, especially institutional investors. We understand that institutional investors have concerns about how conglomerates are managed, but I would like to emphasize that conglomerates are generally better positioned to withstand risks than single-business companies.
Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho provides an exemplary example of how the Seibu Group has been able to demonstrate synergies. It mainly consists of the Kioi Tower—a 36-story building housing offices, a hotel and commercial facilities—along with a 21-story residential building. The Group completed the project in July 2016 on the former site of the Grand Prince Hotel Akasaka. By replacing the hotel with a multi-purpose complex, we dramatically increased annual earnings from the property by about five times compared with the time before the redevelopment.
Using Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho as a model
Outline of Shibakoen area
Despite being in downtown Tokyo, the Shibakoen area benefits from the greenery of the park it is named for, and also contains two of Tokyo’s most iconic tourist sites, Tokyo Tower and the Zoujouji temple. Redevelopment is also progressing in neighboring area such as Toranomon and Hamamatsu-cho, offering the prospect of further development in the future as a hub for domestic and international tourism and business.
   Tokyo Prince Hotel
 The Prince Park Tower Tokyo
 Location
 3-3-1 Shibakoen Minato, Tokyo, Japan
 4-8-1 Shibakoen Minato, Tokyo, Japan
 Number of rooms
 462
 603
 Land area
 49,044 m2
 35,704 m2
 Land use classification
  Class 2 residential (urban plan park district*)
  Class 2 residential (urban plan park district*)
   Tokyo Prince Hotel
Land book value total 23.6 billion yen (As of end of March, 2019)
   Tokyo Prince Hotel
Tokyo Tower
The Prince Park Tower Tokyo
   *Urban plan park district: a park area designated under the City Planning Act
Annual Report 2019 13

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 14
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Urban transportation and regional business
Working to increase value for communities served by the Ikebukuro and Seibu Lines
In the urban transportation and regional business, we plan to increase value for communities served by the Seibu Shinjuku and Ikebukuro lines over the medium and long terms. Admittedly, development of these railway lines has fallen behind, but we are stepping up collaboration within the Group and with organizations and companies outside the Group to execute a variety of initiatives aimed at boosting both commuter and non- commuter transportation revenue.
Beginning with efforts to increase commuter transportation revenue, we have been capitalizing on Japan’s full employment market and carrying out redevelopment projects along the train lines. In the case of Tokorozawa station, which is undergoing major redevelopment, the number of passengers exceeded 100,000 per day for the first time in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, and has continued to grow. Investing in urban development in areas along train lines, we have completed construction of grade-separated railway crossings on the Seibu Ikebukuro line. At present, we are constructing an underground tunnel connecting four stations on the Seibu Shinjuku line, which will make train travel faster and smoother, as well as elevated railway tracks near Higashi-Murayama station. While these projects are large, ground settlement in areas surrounding the construction sites has been verified as top-grade in greater Tokyo through ground surveys and assessments conducted by Jibannet Co., Ltd., a Tokyo-based land survey company. By constructing grade-separated railway crossings, which separate the routes taken by trains and people crossing train lines on foot or by car, we are not only making train travel faster and smoother for our passengers, but also greatly improving safety and convenience for local residents, which are growing concerns amid Japan’s rapidly aging population.
I believe that Seibu Railway lines have more potential for increasing non-commuter transportation revenue than any other train lines in the country. Specifically, we are aiming to attract the growing numbers of overseas tourists in Japan by offering new services that combine train, bus, and taxi travel tailored for visitors from overseas, including ICT-driven Mobility as a Service (MaaS) programs. We are also stepping up initiatives to provide travel information in many languages, including
promotional tools for attractions that are accessible via Seibu train lines, such as Chichibu-Tama-Kai National Park, the nearest national park to central Tokyo, and the newly opened Moomin Valley Park. Through these efforts, we intend to be a top runner in the country’s robust tourism industry. Furthermore, we have launched a project to completely renovate and modernize the Seibuen Amusement Park amid intensifying competition in the greater Tokyo region.
The Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball team has been attracting a growing number of spectators since winning the Pacific League title in 2018, but we are aiming to boost attendance even higher by renovating the home ground, the MetLife Dome, with the goal of making it an even more entertaining ballpark for people of all ages. We have budgeted ¥18.0 billion for the renovations, and construction is scheduled for completion in the fiscal year ending March 2021. By making use of both MetLife Dome and the Yokohama Arena, which became a subsidiary of Seibu Holdings in 2017, we can offer a wide range of events in addition to baseball in Saitama Prefecture and Kanagawa Prefecture, respectively.
Hotel and leisure business
Stepping up initiatives for creating new businesses
The hotel and leisure business has emerged as the Group’s main earnings driver and source of new corporate value since its revenues surpassed those of the urban transportation and regional business in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013. Moreover, Prince Hotels has grown into Japan’s largest hotel chain, establishing a solid position in the country’s conferences and exhibitions market while benefiting from rapidly rising numbers of overseas tourists. Members registered in its membership service plans number about 900,000 domestically and around 30,000 outside Japan. About 50,000 people worldwide are also registered in service plans offered by the StayWell hotel chain, which the Company acquired in 2017. By integrating these international membership plans, we intend to increase

the number of overseas guests by encouraging StayWell members to use Prince Hotels. Moreover, we plan to launch our new tech-savvy brand of Prince Smart Inns starting from 2020 in locations where our other hotel chains do not operate, such as suburban Tokyo, regional cities, and municipalities served by bullet train lines and regional airports. We are also promoting the Prince Vacation Club as a new membership plan that allows members to use facilities at designated resorts operated by Prince Hotels.
Preparing for challenging times ahead
Objective ❸
Promoting sustainability actions
The Seibu Group’s business model is designed to accelerate the pace of growth going forward. Using the stable cash flow generated by the urban transportation and regional business as a source of funds, we invest in future growth by expanding the hotel and leisure business internationally and redeveloping the abundant assets held by the real estate business to enhance their value, as we plan to do in Tokyo’s Takanawa-Shinagawa district. Conditions appear favorable in each market the Group operates in, so we are confident that our businesses will continue to grow dynamically. At the same time, however, we are keenly aware that global markets are fundamentally shifting at an increasingly rapid pace due to the emergence of innovative new industries that had never been imagined in the past. Against that backdrop, we must make sure that our organizations and management never become complacent with respect to the scale of the Group’s current operations. As digital technologies advance beyond expectations, we should assume that new innovators will appear like the big four tech companies before them (Google, Apple, Facebook, and Amazon), bringing new competitors in each of the Group’s industries in the future.
To successfully compete against such new rivals, the Seibu Group is working toward the next major stage of growth. Since my appointment as president, I have stressed the need to continue taking on challenging tasks based on fair competition and transparency, and
made conscious efforts to promote a corporate culture that rewards employees who go the extra mile. Acting decisively, breaking new ground, and setting high goals are all important for our success. Therefore, I will continue to ensure that all members of the Group, especially those who can take the lead, understand the need to constantly pursue new innovations going forward.
Based on the Group Vision, the Seibu Group is offering a wide range of services through to address the challenge of ensuring a sustainable society for generations to come. In that process, we are also aiming to achieve sustainable and dynamic growth for the Group itself. Toward that end, we have created a sustainability action plan aimed at helping communities overcome challenges, especially in consideration of the United Nations’ SDGs. The plan includes 12 key objectives organized under the four categories: customer safety, environmental conservation, community engagement, and corporate culture. By ingraining these actions in our corporate culture, we will strive for sustainable growth as a leading conglomerate. Furthermore, recognizing that environmental, social and governance (ESG) criteria are important considerations for many investors today, we intend to provide them with relevant data covering the medium and long terms as quickly as possible. All Group companies are currently in the process of collecting and preparing such information, particularly data related to the Group’s environmental impact.
   Annual Report 2019 15

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 Roundtable Discussion among Outside Directors
Looking at the role of the Board of Directors in creating a leading group of companies
        16
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Keiji Goto
Apr. 1982 Jun. 1992
Apr. 2001
Jan. 2003
Aug. 2004
Aug. 2005
Mar. 2006
Jul. 2008 Apr. 2009 May 2012
Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2016
Joined the National Police Agency
Assistant Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat
of Cabinet Legislation Bureau
Director, Community Safety Department
of Osaka Prefectural Police Headquarters
Director, Police Administration Department
of Aichi Prefectural Police Headquarters
Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat
(in charge of security and crisis management)
Registered as attorney at law Joined
Nishimura & Partners (currently Nishimura & Asahi)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
of Hakuyosha Co., Ltd.
Established Goto Compliance Law Firm
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Prince Hotels, Inc. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
of Central Security Patrols, Co., Ltd. (present)
Director of Prince Hotels, Inc. (present)
Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
Outside Corporate Auditor of Fukuda Denshi Co., Ltd. (present)
Eiko Ohya
Masafumi Tsujihiro
Takehiko Ogi
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2001 Sep. 2004 Jun. 2006 Apr. 2014 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2015 Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Joined DIAMOND, Inc.
Editor-in-Chief of DIAMOND, Inc.
Director of Marketing Bureau of DIAMOND, Inc.
Director of DIAMOND, Inc.
Adviser of Prince Hotels, Inc.
Outside Director of Prince Hotels, Inc.
Professor, Faculty of Economics at Teikyo University (present) Director of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. (present)
Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
Apr. 1984 May 2000 Jun. 2002 Jul. 2004
Nov. 2004 Apr. 2007 Feb. 2010
Dec. 2010 Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015 Aug. 2015
Joined the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (currently Ministry of Economy,Trade and Industry) President and Representative Director
of TSUTAYA online Corporation
Representative Managing Director
of Culture Convenience Club Co., Ltd.
Managing Director of Industrial Revitalization Corporation of Japan
President and Chief Executive Officer of Kanebo Ltd. President of Maruzen Company, Limited
President of CHI Group Co., Ltd.
(currently Maruzen CHI Holdings, Co., Ltd.)
President of 2Dfacto, Inc.
Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
Outside Director of MISUMI Group Inc. (present) President and Representative Director
of Japan Human Resources Co., Ltd. (present)
Jun. 1969 Aug. 1984 Jul. 1991 Jun. 2001 May 2007 Apr. 2008 Jun. 2013
Representative Director of Nippon Information Systems Inc. Representative Director of Office E Co., Ltd.
Representative Director of Ohya Eiko Jimusho Co., Ltd. (present) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Shiseido Company, Ltd. Outside Director of Takashimaya Company, Limited
President of Oya Soichi Bunko (currently Oya Soichi Library) (present) Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)

   Theme 1
What are your impressions of the Seibu Holdings Board of Directors?
Ohya In addition to core businesses in railways, hotels, and real estate, the Seibu Group has interests extending across a wide range of other sectors, including the professional baseball team Saitama Seibu Lions and leisure facility operations such as the Seibuen Amusement Park and the Toshimaen Amusement Park. I think it is a good thing that we have people involved in managing a number of different sectors simultaneously. For me as an outside director, to assess whether the individual business divisions are achieving adequate capital efficiency to satisfy shareholder expectations, I need to have energetic discussions at Board of Directors meetings with the representatives of the various Group companies and corporate divisions. We have been in a process of ongoing improvement, but when outside directors bring up an issue or ask a question, I would like inside directors to go right ahead and respond with their frank opinions without feeling they have to hold back, even if that means interrupting me as I speak.
Tsujihiro Yes, I understand what you mean. I welcome the moves to build a united marketing strategy that have emerged among the different Group companies. I think it is important for us to think about how the customer value held by each Group enterprise can be made to work as a combined premium for the whole Group. As for coordinating the branding strategy across the whole Group, the Board of Directors has discussed intensively the Seibu Group Marketing Strategy and sustainability activities, along with their associated initiatives and state of progress. I think that the digital transformation- based strategy presented in our new three-year plan is a welcome initiative that will build horizontal links within the Group while still allowing individual businesses to leverage their distinctive character.
Goto The detailed report by the Board of Directors giving an industry-wide analysis for each of our Group companies has been very enlightening. When we look
at the falling birthrate and demographic aging that we face, it seems likely that sustained growth in the domestic Japanese market will continue to be difficult. However, the report illustrates that each of our Group companies is working to realize sustained growth even in this challenging business environment by pursuing differentiated business strategies. I think the report is useful for active discussion around new business development.
Ogi So that the Board of Directors does not become fossilized, I actually make a point of voicing controversial opinions to provoke more active discussion. As the Seibu Group is primarily a business-to-consumer-type enterprise, there is a great deal of discussion about delivering value to the customer, including at the Board of Directors meetings, but at the same time I think there is also a very strong awareness of shareholders. In specific terms, we receive periodic reports on investor relations activity, with detailed feedback on the content of discussions with shareholders. My impression is that there is a very strong input of shareholders’ views at meetings of the Board of Directors. Also, there has always been a very strong commitment from executive members to achieve business results and I believe that the Seibu Group has very good budgetary control. Looking from a long-term perspective, I also feel that a strategic PDCA cycle has begun to operate convincingly in the last few years. The new stock compensation system introduced for directors (excluding outside directors) in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 means that directors will not only share with shareholders the benefits of a rise in the stock price but also the risks of a stock price fall. I am confident that will lead to further enhancement of corporate governance.
Annual Report 2019 17

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 Theme 2
   What is the situation regarding the risk management system and your progress with ensuring compliance?
Goto I think that our corporate governance and risk compliance are functioning extremely well. As we are a conglomerate made up of businesses of different types, I think that risk management is very important. In particular, I sense that the initiatives to ensure safety and security in the railway business have led to the accumulation of a framework of regulations and systems over its long history. At the time of the Group restructuring in 2006, we formulated a Group Vision for the whole of the Seibu Holdings portfolio, in which we commit to consistently acting with an open and fair attitude. As for the initiatives in the Group Vision, I think that President Goto’s leadership has permeated the organization successfully and that the coordination of the initiatives at company-wide level is also working well through the Board of Directors.
Ohya I also agree that President Goto’s leadership has certainly had a great impact. I give him particular credit for applying a risk-aware management style even during periods of stability, which has helped cultivate a spirit of challenge in our human resources and our organization
under the Group motto "Smiles ahead." I have served as an outside director since 2013, and back in those days I felt that there was a lack of effective communication between the railway and hotel businesses that are the Group’s core. Now, however, it is good to see that an open and accessible system has been put in place that ensures management transparency.
Tsujihiro This theme touches on concerns about management becoming fossilized and formalized, so in other words I think it’s about whether malpractice occurs and about the performance of the Board of Directors. Regarding malpractice, I think that President Goto’s ethic of acting in good faith to create an honest profit on a continuous basis is now sufficiently embedded in the organization. Issues such as safety and workstyle have attracted a great deal of public attention recently, so at the Board of Directors I think we need to build a structure able to respond more appropriately to risk management as part of the business management of Group enterprises. As illustrated for instance by the redevelopment of the Shinagawa-Takanawa district, the Seibu Group possesses a wide variety of financial and non-financial assets that have untapped potential to greatly assist the enhancement of corporate value. These enormous Group assets need to be exploited in the future as reliable sources of revenue, and I feel there is a firm awareness among outside directors of the need to be proactive while at the same time strengthening risk management.
Ogi I agree with the rest of you. President Goto’s words never fail to inspire an awareness of risk even when business performance is good, and the message is clear that he is focused on a risk-aware style of internal management.
 18
Seibu Holdings Inc.

  Theme 3
What are the issues that Seibu Holdings needs to address going forward?
Ogi The Seibu Group’s greatest strength in my view is that it has plentiful customer contact points through physical locations such as railways, hotels, shopping centers, and the Saitama Seibu Lions team. Going forward, as online and offline become increasingly fused, having these physical locations is likely to become a very rare strength. I think that finding out how to take advantage of this strength to achieve new business development will be our most challenging and also our most exciting task. In our long-term goals, or so- called Challenge Targets, President Goto has set the bar for operating revenue at 1 trillion yen, twice the current level. In order to achieve this, each business unit has been urged to set Big Hairy Audacious Goals, or BHAGs. In addition to our core businesses in railways, hotels, and real estate, we need to also promote fast- moving initiatives by the Seibu Laboratory, which is our dedicated department for new business creation. Acting in this way to continuously realize further growth is, I believe, the next challenge for the Board of Directors. Goto Of course we need to maximize the scale of our revenues and profits, but I think that enhancing our non-financial capacities is also an important theme. In its medium-term management plan up to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, the Seibu Group identifies promoting digital management as a key policy. For Seibu Railway, which is a cash flow generator, how to use digital technology to increase value for communities in its catchment area is an important issue that we need to address. The Seibu Lions are actively engaged in social contribution activities, including supporting children from care homes, and I would like to see similar activities carried out across the Group. I look forward to seeing Seibu Railway take steps to further increase value in its catchment area by supporting local non- profit organizations and promoting MaaS initiatives. I would also like to see Prince Hotels take action, such as measures to reduce loss from waste and to revitalize
local communities.
Tsujihiro Focusing on Seibu Railway, as we face an era of falling birth rates and demographic aging, the question of how to increase value in our railway catchment areas is an important theme. We have been engaged for some time in discussions on how we can compete with other railway companies in creating stronger customer appeal. Today, bolstering the market strengths of the Seibu Group has resulted in concrete initiatives by Group enterprises to unite around coordinated customer information and services that cultivate customer loyalty. To realize the Group motto, "Smiles ahead," all employees of the Seibu Group should be constantly asking themselves what will appeal to customers and then acting on ways to deliver that appeal. How to create the right ethos for that to happen will no doubt be an important issue for the Board of Directors going forward.
Ohya Yes, I agree. The presidents of each Group company, who participate in Board of Directors meetings, are equipped with the high levels of knowledge, ability, and experience required to meet their roles and responsibilities. The Seibu Group is involved in a wide range of businesses, and so that these different segments can work together to create new corporate value, it is important that the senior management of each Group company step forward and state their views clearly without feeling bound by protocol. I look to them to show a still greater sense of ownership than at present.
 Annual Report 2019 19

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
Promoting Digital Management DX (Digital Transformation)
With global advances being made in digitalization, we will promote optimal digital management under the medium-term management plan, from both an offensive as well as defensive perspective.
On the offensive side, we will integrate, share and utilize customer information, mainly through the Group’s membership program SEIBU PRINCE CLUB. By using digital technologies in our business processes, such as in our sales activities, we will
strengthen our marketing capabilities, and use the data to create new businesses and services, thereby improving profitability.
On the defensive side, we will improve productivity and efficiency by automating and sophisticating our operations.
Construct systems for Group wide advances such as customer data centralization and utilization techniques, and promote optimal digital management.
 20
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Offensive strategy for DX
1 Strengthen marketing by digitalizing and sharing customer information Share and use customer information, such as SEIBU PRINCE CLUB member data
2 Strengthen marketing by digitalizing business
Utilize digital technology in business processes such as sales and marketing
3 Create new businesses and services using digitalized customer and business process information
Utilize IoT in development of Prince Smart Inn limited service hotels
Defensive strategy for DX
1 Automate business processes through visualization and standardization Utilize AI and robots in train station operations and so forth, introduce buses with advanced safety technologies
Promote "i-construction" on construction sites, shift to paperless business processes, etc.
2 Use systems to increase the sophistication of business processes Streamline management through figures by introducing a new common accounting system and using a next-generation hotel system, etc.
        
  Create "Destination Value"
We will continue with customer creation for the Seibu Group by providing services that give customers
a sense of "Destination Value."
・Visualize customer activities and experiences with digital technology to create and promote "Destination Value" that meets customer needs, thereby stimulating customer activities across our businesses and services.
Create "Things to Smile About"
We will create "Things to Smile About" through individual customer satisfaction.
・Through hospitality, create "Things to Smile About" at customer contact points in both the analog and digital spheres, thereby offering customers moving experiences across our businesses and services.
Connecting Activities and Experiences
We will build and operate a Group-wide system for customer creation by connecting customer Activities
and Experiences.
・Link SEIBU PRINCE CLUB customer information and services with those of other Group companies to cultivate Group customer loyalty.
・Strengthen system for Group-wide marketing to upgrade and sharpen PDCA cycle. Strengthening marketing functions
Group customer loyalty
Seibu Group services
External market
Strategy 1 (Activities)
  Strategy 2 (Experiences)
  Strategy 3 (Connections)
        SEIBU PRINCE CLUB
Travel Customer value Smiles (Activities) (Brand) (Experiences)
       Annual Report 2019 21

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
Category
Key objectives
Related SDGs
 Maintain safe and reliable services for customers and employees
  Reduce greenhouse gas emissions Reduce waste from operations Conserve water resources
Protect forests and biodiversity
 Promote the development of communities served by the Group’s railway lines
Improve accessibility through universal design
Provide child- and age-friendly programs and services
                                                                                    Promoting Sustainability
Based on the Group Vision, the Seibu Group aims to achieve sustainable and dynamic growth by pursuing initiatives that help make society more sustainable through wide- ranging businesses and services. Accordingly, all companies of the Group are carrying out sustainability actions that incorporate ESG criteria in an effort to ensure sustainable growth. Furthermore, in consideration of various issues confronting Japanese society today as well as the shifting market environment, the Group is actively pursuing 12 key objectives organized under four broad categories: customer safety, environmental conservation, community engagement, and corporate culture.
Safety and security
Environmental conservation
Community engagement
Corporate culture
Process of Determining the Group’s Key Objectives
Stage 1: Issues confronting Japanese society were examined.
A broad range of issues were examined in consideration of the UN SDGs, ISO 26000 international standards for social responsibility, sustainability reporting standards set by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), and other criteria.
Stage 2: Relevant issues to focus on were selected.
The issues were narrowed down according to their relevance to the Seibu Group’s business activities and operating environment, and in consideration of initiatives being taken by other companies.
Stage 3: Key objectives were established.
Management conferences were held to prioritize certain issues, categorize areas of activities and set specific objectives in consideration of related measures currently underway and the principles laid out in the Group Vision. Finally, sustainability actions were approved by the Board of Directors as priority measures for the medium-term management plan.
         22
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Implement progressive workplace reforms Recruit and foster diverse
human resources
Promote human resources development and healthcare management
Strengthen systems for ensuring compliance

  Basic approach behind each category of objectives
 Safety and security
In its Group Vision, the Seibu Group has declared commitment to providing safe and comfortable services, with safety as the basis for each of businesses and services at all times. Accordingly, the Group places the highest priority on ensuring the safety and security of train passengers, facility users, and all other customers.
Specifically, the Group earmarks investments for upgrading train systems and facilities with the best available safety equipment. We also conduct onsite safety and emergency drills, and provides employees with training on basic safety and best practices. In these ways, the Group not only maintains the safety and reliability of railway, hotel, and other services, but also provides comfortable and secure environments for customers, whether they are travelers, hotel guests, shoppers, or business people.
   Environmental conservation
As explained in the Group Vision, the Seibu Group strives to contribute to community development and environmental conservation, while continually paying close attention to local ecosystems and the global environment. Having built up close ties with countless communities through railway, hotel, and various other services, the Group makes sure to consider their local ecosystems in business activities, recognizing that environmental conservation is a foundation for sustainable growth.
 Concretely, the Group implements measures to more efficiently use energy to reduce the environmental impact of its operations. In business activities, the Group works to protect ecosystems, reduce atmospheric emissions, and consume less water while actively collaborating with various stakeholders in environmental conservation initiatives. Through
such activities, the Seibu Group realizes sustainable growth while fulfilling all obligations as a good corporate citizen.
   Community engagement
Abiding by the principles set out in its Group Vision, the Seibu Group is committed to conducting business in an open and fair manner while paying close attention to feedback from customers and local residents. Acting as a member of the local community, the Group proactively collaborates within area and with civil groups as part of efforts to contribute to community development and environmental conservation.
 The Seibu Group’s railway services are deeply rooted in towns and cities throughout Japan, while hotels collaborate with local communities to attract tourists and real estate development business brings regional investment. From that basis, the Group works together with municipalities situated along railway lines to stimulate regional development. At the same time, the Group tailors services to address the needs of local populations, who are aging at a rapid rate, by making
services more convenient for the elderly and applying universal design to improve accessibility.
   Corporate culture
The Seibu Group promotes the Group Vision through various initiatives to encourage all employees and managers to reflect on the principles of the vision and put them into practice. We are also taking steps to make workplaces more comfortable and motivating to work in, while fostering a corporate culture that all stakeholders can trust. Through these efforts, the Seibu Group will strive to maximize corporate and shareholder value going forward.
  Annual Report 2019 23

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 Safety and security
Maintaining safe and reliable services
■ Investing in facilities for ensuring safe travel
Keenly aware that maintaining safe transportation services is one of our greatest missions, various companies of the Seibu Group have been investing in safety-related facilities. Seibu Railway has been installing safety barriers on train platforms and constructing grade-separated railway crossings in order to make railway lines straighter and to reduce the number of railway crossings. Meanwhile, buses equipped with advanced safety features have been added to the fleets of the Group’s bus companies. Likewise, the JPN TAXI, Toyota’s state-of-the-art taxicab model fitted with anti-collision sensors, is being deployed to ensure safer driving by the Seibu Group’s taxi operators. In addition, Seibu Construction handles the maintenance inspections of Seibu Railway facilities to ensure their safety, and is studying the feasibility of using drones and other new technologies for building maintenance inspections.
■ Conducting emergency drills to prepare for accidents and disrupted services
Group companies have established business continuity plans and conduct emergency drills in preparation for a large-scale disasters or accidents. To minimize damage and restore operations as quickly as possible, the companies carry out disaster-response drills as well as training exercises for resuming disrupted services. Furthermore, train drivers are periodically tested in order to verify their driving abilities, safe driving workshops are held for the purpose of raising their awareness of safety, and virtual reality driving simulation technology is utilized in training.
In addition, Seibu Landscape holds an annual disaster preparation event at each park it manages with the goal of educating local residents about disaster preparedness and promoting the related functions and facilities of the parks.
■ Equipping facilities and train stations with disaster relief supplies
Seibu Properties operates the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro building in Tokyo’s Toshima Ward and Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho in Chiyoda Ward. In cooperation with the governments of each ward, the Company has prepared these facilities for a major earthquake or other large-scale disaster by stocking them with emergency relief supplies, installing backup emergency power generators, and designating spaces as emergency shelters for employees and customers who are unable to return home following a disaster. The Group’s railway operators have also supplied their train stations with essential emergency relief supplies in preparation for a large- scale disaster. Likewise, Prince Hotels has stocked each of its hotels with emergency supplies, and provided employees with an emergency handbook that explains how to direct and assist guests during a disaster.
■ Implementing measures for ensuring food safety
A number of companies in the Seibu Group provide food services, and each of them gives top priority to food safety. Every necessary step is taken to prevent food poisoning, ensure that no foreign substances are mixed in food, and guard against allergic reactions. In addition, Prince Hotels has implemented stricter inspections of hotel kitchens to maintain sanitary environments, and is providing food safety training to employees to raise awareness and enhance related skills.
■ Prohibiting relations with organized crime groups
While Japan is a relatively safe country, it is home to numerous organized crime syndicates. All companies of the Seibu Group are resolutely opposed to these organizations and prohibit any conduct that could be associated with their activities. The Seibu Group Code of Conduct also prohibits any relations with such criminal organizations. Recognizing that these crime syndicates are often involved in the construction industry, Seibu Construction is aggressively taking actions to exclude them from operations, has initiated meetings for banning members of syndicates at construction sites and taken steps to prevent damage caused by them. It also opposes any unreasonable demands from sub-contractors under their influence. In addition, Group companies that own and operate pools and spa facilities strictly prohibit entry by people with tattoos, which are a hallmark of organized criminals in Japan, in order to ensure the safety and comfort of customers.
      24
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Environmental conservation
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions
■ Utilizing energy-saving rail cars and equipment
All of the Group’s transportation companies aim to reduce their environmental burden by improving transportation efficiency. To that end, they have been upgrading to energy-saving rail cars and installing energy-efficient facilities at train stations in an effort to cut down on energy consumption.
■ Proactively using renewable energy
Various Group companies are working to reduce their energy consumption by using electricity supplied from renewable energy sources, such as solar power plants, and by using geothermal heating and cooling systems. The Group operates solar power plants that generate about 22 million kilowatts annually, mainly for the hotel business. The Group also operates hydroelectric plants that generate almost 1.5 million kilowatts per year. Aiming to boost this capacity and reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, Seibu Construction has been researching applications of small-scale and micro hydroelectric power generation.
Reducing waste from operations
Group companies have been carrying out various initiatives for minimizing trash and controlling waste, such as promoting a shift to paperless operations by using information and communications technology (ICT) as a way to reduce waste at offices and workplaces. Moreover, Prince Hotels has been taking steps to reduce, process, and recycle food waste at its hotels.
Conserving water resources
■ Taking steps to limit water consumption
To help conserve precious water resources, Group companies have created policies for limiting water consumption and installed equipment for reusing rain and wastewater. At Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, for instance, rainwater and wastewater are treated for reuse as toilet water. Prince Hotels offers guests staying more than one night the option to decline room cleaning services, which helps reduce the amount of water as well as detergents used for cleaning.
■ Implementing measures for maintaining a clean water supply
The Seibu Group is actively involved in preventing water pollution. For example, Prince Hotels makes donations to municipalities that possess reservoirs in order to help them maintain good water quality. Meanwhile, Seibu Construction implements measures for preventing the discharge of wastewater from construction work. When making landfills, for example, barriers are made with bentonite clay to prevent waste from contaminating groundwater.
Protecting forests and biodiversity
■ Conserving forests and green spaces
Group companies have been cooperating with the municipalities they operate in to protect forests and green spaces, and companies that have forests on their properties make proactive efforts to conserve them. For example, Seibu Railways maintains a 130-hectare forest in the city of Hanno, Saitama Prefecture, together with the local government and civil groups. In recognition of their conservation activities, the forest was certified by the Organization for Landscape and Urban Green Infrastructure with the highest rank under its Social and Environmental Green Evaluation System in 2017. The same organization also certified the Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho as an “urban oasis” under the same system in 2016 in recognition of the efforts of Seibu Properties to maintain lush green spaces at the property.
■ Initiating measures for protecting biodiversity
Group companies have been taking steps to reduce plastic waste due to harmful effects on marine life and ecosystems. For example, they have banned plastic straws on their premises and are progressively shifting to paper straws. Disposable plastic bags have also been discontinued by certain facilities of the Group’s golf courses in Japan. In addition, Seibu Construction has begun using design assessment tools that help protect biodiversity.
          Annual Report 2019 25

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 Community engagement
Promoting the development of communities served by the Group’s railway lines
■ Attracting tourists to stimulate local economies
Group companies initiate campaigns to attract tourists and provide regional tourism information in collaboration with various municipalities in an effort to stimulate the economies of the communities they serve. Recognizing that train stations are often the first place that tourists visit, Seibu Railway has been refurbishing stations to help give these communities a fresh new look and even attract new residents. The company also made it more comfortable and faster to travel with a new limited-express train model called the Laview, which began operating on the Seibu Ikebukuro line in March 2019.
■ Building stronger ties with local communities
Group companies make extra efforts to build stronger ties with their surrounding communities. For example, Seibu Railway and Seibu Lions both work to bring dynamism to local areas through their participation in assemblies and conferences as well as collaboration with relevant organizations. Likewise, Prince Hotels supports local producers of food, beverages, and handicrafts by proactively promoting and selling their goods at hotels, including in popular resort areas such as Karuizawa and Manza.
Improving accessibility through universal design
■ Making facilities barrier-free
Group companies have been applying universal design principles with the goal of making buildings and facilities fully accessible to everyone, including people with physical disabilities. For example, Seibu Railway uses a system that allows wheelchair users and visually impaired passengers to contact staff via an app and request assistance at stations. At Seibu Landscape, all employees receive training on basic sign language and procedures for assisting people with disabilities at the parks it operates.
■ Improving services for international tourists
As an operator of transportation services and hotels, the Seibu Group works tirelessly to assist tourists visiting Japan, which have been growing rapidly in recent years. For example, Seibu Railway operates tourist information centers in Tokyo’s Ikebukuro and Seibu-Shinjuku station to provide over-the- counter guidance to overseas tourists. A multilingual video interpretation service is also used at all train stations, as well as the Karuizawa Prince Shopping Plaza and PePe department stores located at Seibu-Shinjuku, Hon-Kawagoe, Shin-Yokohama, and Hanno stations.
Providing child- and age-friendly programs and services
■ Helping parents care for children
With the number of children in Japan on the decline, the Seibu Group makes conscientious efforts to support childrearing. In communities served by our train lines, nursery school services are offered by Seibu Railway, Seibu Properties, and Ohmi Railway. The Group also makes it easier to travel with children by equipping trains with stroller zones. For example, Seibu Railway’s new 40000-series commuter trains feature specially designed zones for baby strollers as well as wheelchairs. In addition, Seibu Properties develops buildings with children in mind, exemplified by the new built multipurpose facility near Higashi-Nagasaki station on the Ikebukuro line. The condominium section of this property was recently certified by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government as a residential facility that supports childrearing.
■ Initiatives to support parenting
The whole of the Seibu Group works together on the Seibu Group Children’s Support Project to provide valuable hands-on experiences for children and memorable times for their families. Among the initiatives are the Seibu Juku (extracurricular) program, which runs all year round and offers work experience opportunities at Seibu, and the activities of the Lions Children’s Fund, through which players and staff of the Seibu Lions baseball team provide donations and support using funds from the sale of club merchandise.
■ Offering support for senior citizens
The Seibu Group has established a project to help senior citizens live brighter and more active lives, with the focus on arranging outings and promoting health. Going forward, the project will continue to offer activities to encourage seniors to be more active as well as initiatives to support those who care for them.
        26
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Corporate culture
Implementing progressive work style reforms
■ Revamping personnel systems and improving working environments
Aiming to improve work-life balance and work style conditions for employees, Group companies are taking steps to create more comfortable working environments by prohibiting long working hours and adopting flex-time and telecommuting systems. In addition, the Group has built new dormitories for employees and established a chain of preschools for employees who have children in November 2018 in an effort to make it easier for them to work.
Recruiting and fostering diverse human resources
Aiming to boost competitiveness, the Seibu Group is cultivating organizations that make the most of their diverse human resources while respecting the individuality of each employee. To promote diversity, the Group is actively recruiting non-Japanese nationals, providing employment opportunities for people with disabilities, and re-employing people who have reached retirement age, while also implementing measures to facilitate the career advancement of female employees. For example, the Group established the Seibu Diversity College to groom female managers and advance the careers of women in the workplace.
Promoting human resources development and healthcare management
■ Developing human resources through training programs
With a view to raising productivity and having all employees work together to achieve growth and sustainably increase corporate value, the Seibu Group offers a comprehensive range of training programs at each level of career advancement and years of service, and provides support for employees who aspire to acquire relevant qualifications. Specifically, employees are provided with various training programs upon working for a fixed numbers of years, and training is provided to newly hired employees and managers. Compensation and financial assistance are also offered to employees to help them acquire necessary job-related qualifications. The Seibu Academy, seminors for employees, was established in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 to provide employees with study and work abroad programs as well as foreign language and correspondence courses.
■ Supporting employees’ healthcare management
To help employees maintain good health and personally improve, the Group provides biannual health checkups and offers stress checkups, financial assistance for smoking cessation programs, as well as other healthcare support.
Strengthening systems for ensuring compliance
■ Establishing a Group-wide compliance system
Seibu Holdings has established a compliance system for the entire Seibu Group to follow, and is working with each company of the Group to enforce relevant rules, including the Seibu Group Code of Ethics, which was created based on the Group Vision, set up and maintain compliance-related organizations, and implement training and other activities to ensure that all employees and managers are highly aware of compliance-related issues.
■ Maintaining the security of personal information
The Seibu Group takes a variety of measures to properly protect confidential information and customer data. For example, we provide employees with training on preventing email attacks and maintaining awareness of information security, collects information on compliance with international laws such as the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation, and has systems in place for immediately responding to data leaks or security breaches.
        Annual Report 2019 27

Financial and Capital Strategies
  Management’s basic financial policy
The Seibu Group has greatly expanded operations by using stable cash flows generated by its urban transportation and regional business as a source of investment in the hotel and leisure business, which has exceptional growth potential, and the real estate business, which owns a large amount of assets. Based on this long-term financial strategy, management’s basic financial policy will be to continue expanding operations through such investments while optimally balancing business portfolio. Specifically, the Group plans to carry out large-scale redevelopment projects in Tokyo from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. To finance those projects, the Group will utilize returns on past investments aimed at raising the value of the property portfolio while carefully selecting targets for capital investment. At the same time, management will work to improve the Group’s financial structure, with the goal of improving the ratio of net interest-bearing debt to EBITDA by 0.7 of a percentage point to 6.2 times by March 2022.
Boosting shareholder returns
Taking into account the solid financial results in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, Seibu Holdings increased the target for the consolidated dividend payout ratio to 20% from the previous level of 15%, with the goal of raising the ratio to 30% in the future. Accordingly, the annual dividend for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was set at ¥30 per share, an increase of ¥7 per share compared with the previous fiscal year.
Aiming to increase shareholder value, Seibu Holdings conducted a share buyback totaling ¥10 billion in November 2018, and retired approximately 9.6 million shares of treasury stock (equivalent to 2.82% of all shares issued and outstanding) in March 2019. Based on the business performance and financial position, the Company intends to continue buying back shares at opportune times and expand the shareholder benefits program.
 Financial strategies and basic approach to shareholder returns
・Preferentially allocate funds for investments aimed at realizing continuous and strong growth
・Selectively target investments for creating value based on hurdle rates ・Strategically invest in new business creation through mergers and
acquisitions
・Carefully manage the risk of rising interest rates
・Improve the financial position in preparation for large-scale
investments from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023
 Future growth-oriented capital investment
   Continuous measures for strengthening financial condition
 Shareholder returns
 ・Maximize shareholder value through growth
・Pay stable dividends based on a payout ratio of 20% while
giving priority to growth-oriented investments
・Expand the shareholder benefits program
・Conduct share repurchases at opportune times based on
  business performance and financial position
  28
Seibu Holdings Inc.
 The Group’s Financial and Capital Strategies
Tomoyuki Nishii Director, Senior Managing Officer, and Head of the Corporate Planning Division
 
  Key points
1. Priority will be given to improving the financial structure in preparation for large-scale investments from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023
2. Management will fexibly invest in new businesses that leverage Group synergies
3. The dividend payout ratio has been raised from 15% to 20% with the goal of eventually reaching 30%
  1 ¥189 billion for upgrading and improving the safety of facilities
2 ¥98 billion for raising property portfolio value
3 Investment for launching new businesses
    想定営業
Estimated operating キcaャshッfoシwュoフf¥ロ33ー0
billion 約3,300億円
   Debt repayment
  Shareholder returns
 1 Investment for upgrading and improving the safety of facilities
¥189 billion
  2 Investment for raising property portfolio value ¥98 billion
    Investment in new businesses
Planned investment targets
The Company forecasts operating cash flow of about ¥330 billion over the three years of the medium-term management plan spanning from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022. Of that amount, management plans to allocate capital investment totaling ¥287 billion. The investment will be used for the installation of safety barriers on train station platforms, construction of new grade-separated railway crossings along the Seibu Shinjuku line, renovations of hotels associated with the Prince Vacation Club membership service, the second phase of the Grand Emio Tokorozawa
shopping mall development, and the redevelopment of the MetLife Dome and surrounding facilities.
The remaining amount from the operating cash flow of about ¥43 billion has been earmarked for shareholder returns, the startup of new businesses, and repayment of interest-bearing debt. Although investment in new businesses had been within a scope of about ¥45 billion in the past, under the current management plan, investment targets will be decided in consideration of their necessity, operating cash flow, and circumstances surrounding the execution of capital investment.
 Investment targets during the period of the medium-term management plan
(Cumulative totals from FY2020/3 to FY2022/3)
1+2 totals ¥287 billion
Investment limited within a range commensurate with depreciation ・Addition of 40000-series trains and new Laview express trains ・Installation of safety barriers on train station platforms
・Construction of grade-separated railway crossings along the Seibu
Shinjuku line
・Renovations of hotels and other facilities
Investment targets decided on a case by case basis after considering hurdle rates
・Second phase of the Grand Emio Tokorozawa shopping mall
development
・Expansion of the Karuizawa Prince Hotel West Building and hot spring
facilities
・Redevelopment of the MetLife Dome and surrounding facilities
Investment in new business will not be designated as strategic investments as done under previous management plans. Each investment target will be considered its necessity, operating cash flow, and circumstances surrounding the capital investment execution.
       Note: The figures above have been rounded to the nearest billion
Annual Report 2019 29

  Financial Highlights
■Quantitative targets for the final year of the Medium-term Management Plan (FY2022/3)
                                                   Operating Revenue
FY2019/3 result FY2022/3 plan
¥565.9 ¥614.8
Operating Profit
FY2019/3 result FY2022/3 plan
¥73.3 ¥75.7
EBITDA & EBITDA margin
FY2019/3 result FY2022/3 plan
¥127.3 ¥137.5
                                                  billion
(CAGR+2.8%)
billion
billion
billion
billion
billion 22.4%
Operating revenue and operating profit
(billions of yen) 700
600
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, operating revenue was up for 500 the seventh consecutive year and operating profit reached a record 400 high level. The hotel business recorded a year-on-year increase in RevPAR and solid proceeds from conferences and events. RevPAR also increased for hotels operated by the Hawaii business. In the real estate business, leasing revenue from Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho and other properties were up, and condominium unit sales increased year on
Operating revenue (Left axis) Operating profit (Right axis)
(billions of yen) 150
(CAGR+1.1%)
(CAGR+2.6%)
22.5%
  Results for Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
   300 200 100
100
50
0
   year. In addition, the Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball team boosted attendance in a successful season culminating in the Pacific League championship. As a result of these and other factors, operating revenue rose by 6.7% to ¥565.9 billion, while operating profit jumped 14.1% to ¥73.3 billion.
EBITDA and the EBITDA margin
Results for Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Backed by increased profits in the real estate, construction, and hotel and leisure businesses, EBITDA grew by 10.2% year on year to a record high in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. The EBITDA margin also reached a new high, increasing by 0.7 of a percentage point.
0
(FY) 14/3
15/3 16/3
17/3
18/3 19/3
20/3 (Forecast)
21/3 (Plan)
22/3 (Plan)
(billions of yen) 140
105 70 35
0 (FY) 14/3
EBITDA (Left axis)
EBITDA margin (Right axis)
15/3 16/3 17/3
(%) 30
25
20
              Capital investment and depreciation expense 
(billions of yen)
Results for Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Capital investment amounted to ¥83.3 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, ¥6.5 billion lower than in the previous year. Depreciation expense totaled ¥53.1 billion, up ¥2.1 billion year on year.
(Main capital investments)
Urban transportation and regional: Grade separation of Seibu Shinjuku
line, Launch of new limited express service “Laview,” renovation of
35
0 (FY) 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3
140 Capital investment Depreciation expense
105 70
18/3 19/3
20/3 21/3 22/3 (Forecast) (Plan) (Plan)
15
 30
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Hanno and Seibu-Shinjuku stations
Hotel and leisure: Sunshine City Prince Hotel guestroom renovation,
Grand Prince Hotel New Takanawa guestroom renovation
Real estate: DaiyaGate Ikebukuro
Hawaii business: Reopening after renovation of the Westin Hapuna
Beach Resort
Other: Plan for renovation of the MetLife Dome area
18/3 19/3
20/3 21/3 22/3 (Forecast) (Plan) (Plan)

                                                    Net Interest-Bearing Debt Net Interest-Bearing Debt/EBITDA Ratio
ROE
                                                 FY2019/3 result
¥878.5 billion
FY2022/3 plan FY2019/3 result
¥856.5 6.9 billion times
FY2022/3 plan
6.2 times
FY2019/3 result
11.3%
FY2022/3 plan
9.7%
Net interest-bearing debt and the ratio of net interest-bearing debt to EBITDA
Results for Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Interest-bearing debt totaled ¥905.0 billion, in line with the previous fiscal year, while net interest-bearing debt increased by ¥3.3 billion to ¥878.5 billion.
Total assets, shareholders’ equity,
and shareholders’ equity to assets ratio
Results for Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
(billions of yen) 1,200
800
400
0 (FY)
Net interest-bearing debt (Left axis)
The ratio of net interest-bearing debt to EBITDA (Right axis)
(times) 12
8
4
22/3 0 (Plan)
(%) 30
20
10
22/3 0 (Plan)
(%)
             (billions of yen) As of March 31, 2019, total assets amounted to ¥1,728.9 2,000
Shareholders’ equity (Left axis)
billion, up ¥59.7 billion compared with a year earlier. The shareholders’ equity to assets ratio came to 24.1%, an increase of 0.8 of a percentage point.
Main factors underlying results:
・Assets: Notes and accounts receivable—trade grew by ¥19.5
billion, while property, plant and equipment combined with
intangible assets increased by ¥36.9 billion. 500
14/3
15/3
16/3
17/3
18/3
19/3
20/3 (Forecast)
21/3 (Plan)
Total assets (Left axis)
Shareholders’ equity to assets ratio (Right axis)
           ・Liabilities: Other current liabilities rose by ¥13.7 billion due to an increase in accounts payable for construction work contracted by Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. Advances received increased by ¥13.6 billion.
・Net assets: Retained earnings grew by ¥38.2 billion.
1,500 1,000
0
(FY)
14/3
15/3
16/3
17/3
18/3
19/3
20/3 (Forecast)
21/3 (Plan)
  Dividends per share and dividend payout ratio
Results for Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
(yen) 40
Dividends per share (Left axis) Dividend payout ratio (Right axis) Commemorative dividend (Left axis)
Future 40 target
30% 30
Preliminary target
20% 20
  The annual dividend for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
was set at ¥30 per share—up ¥7 per share year on year. This 30 is equivalent to a dividend payout ratio of 20.7%, an increase
of 3.9 percentage points over the previous fiscal year. The
increase represents the Company’s plan to incrementally raise
the ratio from the previous target of 15% to 20%, with the goal
of reaching 30% in the future.
     20 10 0
(FY) 14/3
15/3
16/3
17/3
18/3
19/3
10 20/3 (Forecast) 0
    Annual Report 2019 31
 
 Business Strategy
Business Segments
The Seibu Group concentrates operations in three main areas—urban transportation and regional, hotel and leisure, and real estate—while also benefiting from synergies with the construction and Hawaii business segments.
        Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
       The driving force of
   higher corporate value
   Growth potential of the hotel and leisure business
Urban Transportation and Regional
The key to higher
corporate value
Abundant assets with potential for further value enhancement
          Hawaii Business
Other
   The Seibu Group's brand leader
The source of higher
corporate value
Ability to generate stable, long-term cash flows
      32
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Construction
Support for higher corporate value

        KPIs of the medium-term management plan
   Measures for achieving the plan
  Sales from railway transportation (non-commuter passes) FY2019/3 ⇒ FY2022/3
Growth +1.8%
Sales from railway transportation (commuter passes)
FY2019/3 ⇒ FY2022/3 Growth +2.7%
  Redevelopments and urban developments in the Seibu Railway lines corridor
Opening North gate bus terminal of Hibarigaoka station, DaiyaGate Ikebukuro, Emilive Higashi- Nagasaki, and others
Collaboration between leisure facilities such as Moomin Valley Park and increasing reserved seating train service or MetLife Dome and retail facilities. Launch of new limited express service, “ Laview” Renewal of Seibu Shinjuku line limited express under consideration
        KPIs of the medium-term management plan
   Measures for achieving the plan
  RevPAR (City hotels) FY2019/3 ⇒ FY2022/3
Growth +15.7% RevPAR (Resort hotels)
FY2019/3 ⇒ FY2022/3 Growth +19.2%
  Continuing to strengthen revenue management and shift to target market
Attract customers to direct channels. (in-house) Reputation management, such as improving customer satisfaction
Effects from investments to increase value Promote digital marketing
        KPIs of the medium-term management plan
   Measures for achieving the plan
  Rentable area (Commercial retail) March 2019 ⇒March 2022 (plan)
Growth +6.3%
Rentable area (Office/apartment)
March 2019 ⇒ March 2022 (plan) Growth +1.9%
  Redevelopments and town developments in Seibu Railway line corridors.
Opening Emilive Higashi-Nagasaki
Phase II of Grand Emio Tokorozawa, etc.
 Financial results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Urban Transportation and Regional Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
Construction
Hawaii Business Other
Operating revenue
¥565.9 billion
Operating profit
¥73.3 billion
    Adjustment -¥57.3 billion
Hawaii Business -¥ 1.3 billion Adjustment
+¥ 0.6 billion
 Annual Report 2019 33
Real estate Hotel & Leisure Urban Transportation and Regional

 Business Strategy
   Core companies
Railway operations
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.
Bus/taxi operations
Seibu Bus Co., Ltd. Seibu Hire Co., Ltd.
Leisure facilities along rail lines
Toshimaen
Seibuen Amusement Park
Seibu Chichibu Ekimae Onsen Matsurinoyu Kamisato Restaurant Prince
              The source of higher corporate value Urban Transportation and Regional
We are helping to enrich society by providing safe and pleasant services.
Business in this field has a pronounced public-service dimension and supports the daily lives of customers. We strive to provide pleasant and comfortable services through activities grounded in safety and security as our duty to society.
Summary of results for fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
 Operating Revenue
180
120
60
0 (FY) 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 Operating Profit
30
20
10
0 (FY) 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
(billions of yen)
      2019/3
2020/3 (Forecast)
Review of fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Railway operations saw a year-on-year increase of 1.0% in the number of passengers carried (commuters 1.1% increase, non-commuters 0.9% increase). This positive result came on the back of a solidly performing employment market in Japan and was supported by sales initiatives coordinated with baseball and other events at the MetLife Dome, the opening of Grand Emio Tokorozawa Phase I in March 2018, and the opening of Moomin Valley Park and other facilities situated close to our railway lines. Passenger transportation sales, boosted notably by the introduction of the Haijima Liner, a service with a seat reservation fee, grew by 1.2% year on year (commuter sales 1.1% increase, non- commuter sales 1.3% increase). In bus operations, Seibu Bus commuter smartcards grew in popularity.
On the strength of these results, the urban transportation and regional business segment posted a year-on-year increase in operating revenue of ¥1.0 billion, or 0.6%, to ¥163.0 billion. Operating profit, on the other hand, impacted by increased costs for electric power and fuel and a rise in general and administrative expenses, experienced a decline of ¥0.1 billion, or 0.6%, to ¥27.0 billion, while EBITDA fell by ¥0.2 billion, or 0.6%, to ¥48.7 billion.
(billions of yen)
     34
Seibu Holdings Inc.
2019/3
2020/3 (Forecast)

 Topics
Start of operation of Laview limited express using new 001-series cars
March 2019 saw the start of operation of the new Laview limited express cars on the Seibu Ikebukuro and Seibu Chichibu lines. The introduction of this new car series, which we have positioned as a flagship model to launch Seibu Railway into the next 100 years, will support our business strategy, including initiatives to increase non-commuter revenue. One of these initiatives aims to capture overseas visitor business through the sale of special tourist tickets including admission to the Moomin Valley Park amusement facility, which opened recently in the Seibu Railway catchment area. Not only does the new service conveniently shorten the journey between Ikebukuro and Tokorozawa stations to a fastest time of 19 minutes, it also boasts high energy-saving performance, thus contributing to greenhouse gas reduction, which is part of our declared agenda for action on sustainability.
Toward our long-term vision
Strengths of urban transportation and regional business segment
Our two main lines, the Seibu Ikebukuro line and the Seibu Shinjuku line, serve three gateway stations to central Tokyo — Ikebukuro, Takadanobaba, and Seibu-Shinjuku — busy terminals with a combined daily average of 980,000 passengers. One of our strengths is offering easy access from these central Tokyo locations to tourist destinations with rich natural environments, such as the Chichibu and Nagatoro areas. Additionally, many of the areas served by Seibu Railway not only have stable geology with lower risk from earthquakes, but also provide a safe residential environment and offer a wider range of development sites than the areas served by other railway companies. This gives us a further advantage in terms of the likely potential for enhancing value in our catchment area.
Progressing with the medium-term management plan and strengthening Seibu Group's marketing functions
To increase revenue from commuters and non-commuters, we are strengthening joint initiatives with enterprises within and outside the Group. Examples of this are the upgrading works to enhance the value of station and commercial facilities at the local transportation hubs of Hibarigaoka and Tokorozawa stations and the provision of transportation to baseball games and concerts at the MetLife Dome and to the Moomin Valley Park. As additional measures to adapt to changes in the external environment, we have promoted Company- wide information sharing, mutual access to systems and data, utilization of external data, and human resources training. We
Renewal of Hibarigaoka station
To ensure that our many customers have a more convenient and pleasant experience when using Hibarigaoka station, we are working on the renewal of the station building and its commercial facilities. This station, which is a stop for express services, is used by an average of approximately 74,000 passengers daily*. Seibu Bus also provides convenient links from here to locations along the Seibu Shinjuku line, JR Chuo Line, and Tobu Tojo Line which are used by an average of approximately 15,000 passengers a day*, contributing to the station’s role as a major local transport hub. We have targeted increased revenue from both train and bus commuters by boosting passenger numbers through enhanced convenience and by installing a bus rotary at the station’s north exit, which has improved convenience for bus users and facilitated station access for passengers arriving by bus. *Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Masaki Tanaka
General Manager of Business Strategy Department I, Corporate Planning Division
are also reinforcing marketing activities with a view to further "customer creation."
Sustainability actions
Particular focus under this agenda is given to ensuring safety and security and to regenerating communities in our catchment area. In terms of safety and security, we are installing safety barriers, undertaking seismic reinforcement, and upgrading aging facilities. To regenerate communities in our catchment area, we are working with local government authorities on strategies to increase visitor numbers and promote tourism.
Message to stakeholders (Areas for action going forward)
Redevelopment of the Tokorozawa station east and west gates and renewal of the MetLife Dome are among the projects involving Group-wide efforts to increase value in the Tokorozawa area. Another area where we recognize the need for action is the city-bound track of the Seibu Shinjuku line, where introduction of direct ride-through services with other rail operators and grade separation through above- or below- ground rerouting have not yet been carried out. Currently, we are carrying out grade separation works on continuous sections of track between Nakai and Nogata stations and around Higashi-Murayama station. These are part of projects set to bring major changes to areas along the Seibu Shinjuku line, which we are confident will be of interest to shareholders.
Annual Report 2019 35
        
 Business Strategy
   Core companies
Hotels, golf courses, ski resorts business
Prince Hotels, Inc.
Others
StayWell Holdings Pty Ltd. Yokohama Hakkeijima Inc. and others
              The driving force of higher corporate value Hotel and Leisure
We offer pleasant and
comfortable services that will gratify every customer.
We have a varied assortment of facilities in a wide range of fields including hotels, golf courses, ski resorts, and leisure facilities. We have service locations across Japan and overseas, and are operating them with a view to meeting customer needs.
Summary of results for fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
 Operating Revenue
(billions of yen)
Review of fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
In hotel operations, the Nagoya Prince Hotel Sky Tower, which opened in October 2017, and hotels that reopened after renovation in the previous fiscal year contributed to a rise in revenues. In the accommodation sector, successful capture of the increasing demand from overseas visitors and steady implementation of revenue management* enabled us to improve RevPAR year on year in both the city and resort hotel segments. In banquet operations, proceeds from the MICE business were steady, while in the restaurant sector, restaurant renovations in Tokyo hotels and the pursuit of proactive sales initiatives also contributed to the positive results. Elsewhere, StayWell, whose business operations we acquired in October 2017, also helped to boost revenue. We additionally posted solid results after starting activity as the designated operator of Joetsu Aquarium Umigatari, opened in June 2018 by Yokohama Hakkeijima Inc.
On the strength of these results, the operating revenue of the hotel and leisure business expanded by ¥14.9 billion, or 7.3%, year on year to ¥219.8 billion. Despite the impact of an increase in expenditures designed to contribute to future growth, stronger revenues drove operating profit up by ¥2.4 billion, or 14.1%, to ¥19.7 billion while EBITDA expanded by ¥3.3 billion, or 10.2%, to ¥36.0 billion.
* Revenue management: a method of maximizing profit by providing customer services at the right time and the right price based on demand forecasts.
 300
200
100
0 (FY) 2015/3 Operating Profit
20
15
10
5
0 (FY)2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
2020/3 (Forecast)
     (billions of yen)
      36
Seibu Holdings Inc.
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
2020/3 (Forecast)

Topics
Launch of vacation ownership business Prince Vacation Club
To promote asset utilization of the resort locations owned by Prince Hotels and further strengthening of existing businesses, we have entered the vacation ownership business. We believe that this sector, which has enjoyed a yearly growth rate of 5.2% since the Lehman Shock, will play amply to our strengths. This is because we already operate the Prince Hotel brand, which owns high-quality assets in resort locations, and have expertise in the sale of vacation homes as well as in luxury brand hotel operations. In July 2019, we launched the first phase of this new operation at Karuizawa Asama and the second phase at Sanyo-so in the Izu district. Going forward, we aim to develop the business further in popular and attractive areas with high potential where we own facilities, such as Hakone, Shonan, Nikko, Hokkaido, and Niigata.
Toward our long-term vision
Strengths of the hotel & leisure business
Our strength lies in MICE business and opportunities for expansion through the multiple hotel facilities we hold in major cities and well-known resort locations throughout Japan and our wide and varied range of banqueting facilities. Going forward, we will move to secure revenue from the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games and other major events by continuing with sales activities leveraging these strengths that our competitors lack and by continuing our shift toward a customer market with higher unit prices through guestroom renovation and other measures to maximize investment effectiveness.
Progressing with the medium-term management plan and strengthening Seibu Group's marketing functions
Prince Hotels aims to further evolve its sales and marketing systems to increase revenue through "strategic DX." The elements of this will be introducing and utilizing a sales force to carry out data-based customer analysis, visualizing customer activities, and marketing automation to achieve more timely operations.
Overseas luxury brand Launch of The Prince Akatoki
September 16, 2019, will see the opening of The Prince Akatoki London, a project whose preparation has been handled by StayWell Hospitality Group Pty Ltd, which Prince Hotels acquired with the aim of expanding overseas business revenue. The Prince Akatoki is a global brand that aims to offer luxury services with Japanese-style attention to detail. Carrying its owner’s flagship brand name "The Prince," it will serve to raise worldwide recognition of the Prince Hotels brand. Following September’s London launch, further hotel openings are planned in the Chinese city of Guangzhou. Going forward, by rolling out The Prince Akatoki to major cities worldwide, we intend to evolve from being Prince Hotels, the Japanese brand, to being Prince Hotels, the global brand.
Masaaki Arahara
Managing Officer General Manager of Business Strategy Department II, Corporate Planning Division
Sustainability actions
In the environmental field, we are reducing plastic waste by replacing straws with paper materials. On a safety front, we are working to ensure food safety and security. In the social field, we are implementing measures to support childrearing, while in the social and cultural field, we are promoting diversity by employing non-Japanese nationals. Specifically, expanded employment of non-Japanese nationals is a corporate task that can be addressed as part of ongoing efforts to secure high- quality human resources.
Message to stakeholders (Areas for action going forward)
In existing business fields, we will work to secure business in the overseas visitor market and the MICE market, which is one of our strengths, and carry out steady lead-time revenue management to maximize revenues. In new business fields, to lay down a long- term growth platform, we will take on new businesses challenges, such as the Prince Vacation Club and Prince Smart Inn limited- service hotel brands, and collaborate with StayWell as part of initiatives to raise our profile toward full-scale rollouts in overseas markets.
        Annual Report 2019 37

 Business Strategy
   Core companies
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. Prince Hotels, Inc. Seibu Properties Inc.
              The key to higher corporate value Real Estate
We contribute to local communities by promoting district development that is people- and environment-friendly, safe and secure, and brimming with appeal and vibrancy.
Seibu Properties heads our development of various businesses closely bound up with the lives of customers. Our activities range over the areas of development of Seibu Railway lines and hotel sites in city centers; office and residential leasing; development and operation of stores in train stations, destination-type shopping malls, and other commercial facilities; subdivision of housing units, condominiums, and vacation home tracts; operation of car and bicycle parking lots; cemetery sales agency; and insurance agency operations. We are committed to continued contributions to local communities through the creation of attractive districts.
Summary of results for fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
 Operating Revenue
(billions of yen)
80
60
40
20
0(FY) 2015/3 Operating Profit
20
15
10
5
0 (FY)2015/3
2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
2019/3
2020/3 (Forecast)
Review of fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
In leasing operations, office leasing revenue increased at Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, which had the grand opening in July 2016, while contributions to increased revenue were also made by Grand Emio Tokorozawa Phase I, which opened in March 2018, and Emilive Saginomiya. The Karuizawa Prince Shopping Plaza also achieved solid results through proactive promotional and sales initiatives. Elsewhere, we sold units in a condominium development at Hoya station on the Seibu Ikebukuro line.
On the strength of these results, operating revenue in the real estate business grew year on year by ¥7.3 billion, or 11.8%, to ¥69.6 billion, operating profit by ¥4.2 billion, or 27.0%, to ¥20.0 billion, and EBITDA by ¥5.3 billion, or 21.3%, to ¥30.4 billion.
       (billions of yen)
      38
Seibu Holdings Inc.
2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
2019/3
2020/3 (Forecast)

Topics
Opening of DaiyaGate Ikebukuro
Ikebukuro is one of the busiest stations in the Tokyo region and Seibu Railways’ largest terminus, while the Ikebukuro district is the most prominent location in the Seibu Railway's catchment area. April 2019 saw the opening of the large-scale office building DaiyaGate Ikebukuro, one of the largest in the Ikebukuro area by total leasable area, which occupies the above-track space of the Seibu Ikebukuro line and a site owned by Seibu Railway on the west side of the tracks. The first and second floors house retail facilities, while the eighteen-stories from the fourth floor upward contain offices. As Japan’s first ultra-high-rise building to straddle a railway track, it has a highly eye-catching structure. To ensure that this futuristic office building with advanced business continuity functions contributes to improving disaster- preparedness in the Ikebukuro area, an agreement has been concluded with Toshima Ward on collaborating in measures to assist passengers stranded by disaster or emergency situations.
Toward our long-term vision
Strengths of the real estate business
Our greatest strength relative to our competitors is that we can dispense with the cost and time involved in acquiring new development sites. This is because, within the 23 wards of Tokyo alone, where redevelopment is ongoing, we hold 470,000 m2 of top-class high-potential real estate in areas such as Takanawa, Shinagawa and Shibakoen. Moreover, as we have wide-ranging experience across sectors from real estate to hotel operations and construction, including the development and operation of office, residential, and commercial facilities, we believe that another competitive advantage is our ability to offer total coordination from development through to operation. Leveraging the real estate business as the key to increasing corporate value, we will utilize these strengths and advantages in our continuing business development.
Progressing with the medium-term management plan and strengthening Seibu Group's marketing functions
Through provision of attractive station commercial facilities and station area developments, we have delivered services that respond to the needs of local residents and railway customers and at the same time increased the number of contact points with customers in different scenarios of their life. Going forward, keeping a close watch on changing needs, we will explore developments that lead to regeneration and create appealing urban spaces in our catchment area. By additionally strengthening
Opening of Grand Emio Tokorozawa Phase II
March 2018 saw the opening of Phase I of Grand Emio Tokorozawa, which was developed around a total concept of transforming its location from a place to pass through to a place to work and live in and visit, thus cultivating customer loyalty to the Seibu Railway and the places it serves. The development encompasses a broad range of amenities, from lifestyle-oriented high-end boutiques to specialty food outlets as well as a passport center and other public service facilities. With the installation of a new ticket gate linking the station interior to the retail facilities and other improvements to enhance user convenience at the station, its public reception has been positive. The opening of Phase II, planned to comprise approximately 120 retail outlets initially, is due in summer of 2020, with the opening of the West Gate development to follow in the mid-2020s. Progressing steadily with the upgrading of the Tokorozawa district, we will continue with operations aimed at its further development and value enhancement in our catchment area.
Makoto Uchino
General Manager of Business Strategy Department III, Corporate Planning Division
the integrated marketing capacity of the Group through shared data utilization, we will move forward with initiatives that create "destination value" and "things to smile about" both for communities along our railway lines and for customers elsewhere.
Sustainability actions
In the safety field, we will work particularly at DaiyaGate Ikebukuro, Grand Emio Tokorozawa, and Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho to create advanced business continuity systems. In the environment field, we are contributing to greenhouse gas reduction by converting existing commercial facilities to LED lighting. In the social field, at DaiyaGate Ikebukuro, a walkway deck above the roadway is due for completion in March 2020, which will contribute to improving the pedestrian network around Ikebukuro station. We are also working actively on strategies to respond to falling birthrates and demographic aging in our catchment communities, including expansion of the Nicot network of childcare centers.
Message to stakeholders (Areas for action going forward)
By coordinating Group businesses to maximize synergies, we will continue efforts to enhance value in our catchment areas (creating urban spaces that deliver new value) and optimize value in central Tokyo (especially Takanawa, Shinagawa, Shibakoen and other areas with high potential), thus contributing to an increase in Group corporate value.
       Annual Report 2019 39

 Business Strategy
   Support for higher corporate value Construction
Drawing on the comprehensive capabilities of the Seibu Group,
we make a positive contribution to people and society
through our construction business attuned to the new age.
In various parts of Japan, we are engaged in all types of construction in areas including railway lines, social infrastructure, hotel remodeling, private sector construction, and housing. In addition, we produce, process, and sell gravel, sand, and other raw materials used in civil engineering and construction projects. Our activities extend to the design and execution of landscaping projects, and the maintenance and operation of state-run parks. We bring a high level of technical skills to bear in creating space and facilities that are both safe and pleasant.
The Seibu Group's brand leader Hawaii Business
Guests are regaled with Japanese-style hospitality at our three hotels and three golf courses in Hawaii.
The three hotels are the Prince Waikiki, which is ideal for business and shopping as well as Waikiki tourism; the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel, which is a first-rate resort overlooking what has been selected as one of the best beaches in all of the United States; and the Westin Hapuna Beach Resort, another resort with a cozy ambience. The three golf courses are adjacent to these hotels. Our Japanese-style hospitality impresses guests from the continental United States and other Asian countries as well.
Other
Izuhakone
The Izu-Hakone area is one of Japan's most popular destinations for international tourists. Our services, including transportation by rail, bus, and taxis, with this area as their main service region, are at the center of our development of a wide-ranging business including the operation of Izu Mito Seaparadise and other leisure facilities.
Ohmi
Centered on the area around Lake Biwa in Shiga Prefecture, this business consists mainly of rail, bus, and taxi services, and has a highly public- service character. We also operate service areas along expressways and cruise ships on the lake. As this suggests, the business is keyed to the wealth of Shiga's tourism resources led by Lake Biwa.
Seibu Lions
As the leading symbol of the Seibu Group, the Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball club strives to be a strong team loved by fans with deep roots in the local community.
      40
Seibu Holdings Inc.

 Core companies
Seibu Construction Co., Ltd. Seibu Construction Supply Co., Ltd. Seibu Landscape Co., Ltd.
Review of fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the construction business was involved in the construction of railway facilities and condominium buildings, as well as public works and renovation projects. The companies of this business strictly managed orders received and credit lines while stepping up efforts to control costs.
As a result of these and other factors, the construction business segment posted operating revenue of ¥109.6 billion, up ¥9.6 billion, or 9.7%, year on year. Segment operating profit came in at ¥5.8 billion, an increase of ¥1.1 billion, or 24.0%, while EBITDA totaled ¥6.3 billion, up ¥1.1 billion, or 22.6%, year on year.
   Core facilities
Prince Waikiki, Hawaii Prince Golf Club, the Westin Hapuna Beach Resort, Hapuna Golf Course, Mauna Kea Beach Hotel, Mauna Kea Golf Course
Review of fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
In the Hawaii business, occupancy rates and average room revenue were up year on year at the Prince Waikiki as a result of proactive promotional campaigns and steps to improve customer satisfaction following the hotel’s reopening in April 2017. The hotel’s food and beverage business also posted steady results. Likewise, occupancy rates and revenues from food and beverage services were solid at the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel on the island of Hawaii, despite cancellations following the eruption of Kilauea volcano. In addition, the former Hapuna Beach Prince Hotel was renovated and reopened as the Westin Hapuna Beach Resort in June 2018.
 As a result of these and other factors, the Hawaii business segment posted operating revenue of ¥19.0 billion, up ¥3.7 billion, or 24.2%, year on year. On the other hand, the segment posted an operating loss of ¥1.3 billion, an improvement of ¥0.6 billion from the loss of ¥2.0 billion in the previous fiscal year. Meanwhile, EBITDA amounted to ¥1.2 billion, an increase of ¥1.1 billion year on year.
Review of fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Among the Seibu Group’s other businesses, the Saitama Seibu Lions contributed substantially to results over the course of winning the Pacific League championship for the first time in 10 years and hosting games for the Climax Series (playoffs). This success along with various sales campaigns led to a year-on- year increase in attendance as well as strong sales of official merchandise. Results were also favorable for businesses operating in the Izu and Hakone regions, which are popular tourist destinations. Tapping demand from international tourists, chartered bus services performed solidly, and a new amphibious tour bus called the Ninja Bus Water Spider debuted at Hakone’s Lake Ashinoko in April 2018. Meanwhile, Ohmi Railway’s Cocotto Moriyama building situated next to Moriyama station in Shiga Prefecture contributed revenues for the full fiscal year following its grand opening in August 2017.
 As a result of these and other factors, the other businesses segment posted operating revenue of ¥41.9 billion, an increase of ¥2.5 billion, or 6.4%, year on year. Segment operating profit amounted to ¥1.2 billion, an increase of ¥0.2 billion, or 19.5%, while EBITDA came in at ¥4.3 billion, up ¥0.3 billion, or 8.9%, year on year.
   Annual Report 2019 41

Management Approach for Creating Value
 Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Managing Officers (As of August 1, 2019)
  Directors
Takashi Goto
President
Chief Executive Officer
Tomoyuki Nishii
Director
Senior Managing Officer Head of Corporate Planning Division General Manager, Overseas Business Planning Department
Shuichiro Ogawa
Director
Senior Managing Officer General Manager, Personnel Department
From left in the front row:
Shuichiro Ogawa, Tomoyuki Nishii, Takashi Goto, Kaoru Takahashi, Ryuichiro Nishiyama
From left in the back row
Akihisa Uwano, Masahiko Koyama, Hisashi Wakabayashi, Eiko Ohya, Takehiko Ogi, Keiji Goto, Masafumi Tsujihiro
  Reason for nomination as Director
Since his taking office of President and Representative Director of the Company, Mr. Goto has showed strong leadership as a pivotal member of the management team and contributed significantly to improving the Seibu Group’s corporate value while drawing on his prior experience. We are certain that he will work to expand existing business fields and create new business areas with speed going forward, playing an essential role toward increasing the medium- to long- term corporate value and shareholder value.
Reason for nomination as Director
As a person in a key position within the corporate planning departments of the Company and the subsidiaries, Mr. Nishii has proposed and executed the Seibu Group’s long-term strategy and medium- term management plan and contributed to enhancing corporate value. We are certain that he will continue to contribute to realizing medium- to long-term growth by promoting expansion of existing business fields and creation of new business areas based on the medium- term management plan.
Reason for nomination as Director
As the person responsible for the personnel, Mr. Shuichiro Ogawa has widely managed and supervised the Seibu Group's personnel measures, contributing to increasing corporate value through the development and effective use of human resources, and creation of an environment in which people can achieve their full potential. We are certain that he will continue to propose and implement personnel measures that will contribute to the sustainable growth of the Seibu Group, thereby contributing to the enhancement of corporate value over the medium to long term.
Kaoru Takahashi
Director
Executive Managing Officer
Ryuichiro Nishiyama
Director
Senior Managing Officer
Hisashi Wakabayashi
Director
Reason for nomination as Director
As the person responsible for the Company’s accounting, finance and planning, Mr. Takahashi has been working to ensure accurate disclosure of financial information, strengthen the financial structure and increase earnings capability, increase the Seibu Group’s reliability, and contribute to increasing corporate value. Looking ahead, we are certain that he will contribute to enhancing medium- to long-term corporate value by applying the abundant practical experience he has accumulated to date and by promoting the financial strategies necessary to establish a long-term business foundation that will support the Seibu Group’s sustainable, strong growth.
Reason for nomination as Director
As the person responsible for the administration and the corporate communication, Mr. Nishiyama has contributed to enhancing the Seibu Group’s corporate value by striving to promote Group management and enhance the corporate image. We are certain that he will contribute to enhancing medium- to long-term corporate value by overseeing the strengthening of the Group’s management structure and proposal and execution of corporate communication strategies.
Reason for nomination as Director
As President of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. and Director of the Company, Mr. Wakabayashi has been working to increase the value of areas along the Seibu Railway lines and has contributed to enhancing the corporate value of the Seibu Group. Moreover, we are certain that he will contribute to the formation of a growth platform by utilizing his abundant experience in railway operations in general and continue to undertake the formulation and execution of medium- to long-term strategies for the urban transportation and regional business segment.
          42
Seibu Holdings Inc.
WEB
Seibu Holdings
Corporate Directors and Managing Officers http://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/company/officer/
 
 Reason for nomination as Director
Reason for nomination as Director
Reason for nomination as Outside Director
Reason for nomination as Outside Director
Reason for nomination as Outside Director
Reason for nomination as Outside Director
Reason for nomination as Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Reason for nomination as Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Reason for nomination as Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Reason for nomination as Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
            Masahiko Koyama
Director
Akihisa Uwano
Director
Eiko Ohya
Director
Outside
Independent
Takehiko Ogi
Director
Outside
Independent
Keiji Goto
Director
Outside
Independent
Masafumi Tsujihiro
Director
Outside
Independent
Mr. Koyama has served as General Manager and Supervisory General Manager of Prince Hotels, Inc. and has contributed to the development of the hotel and leisure business segment. He has served as Executive Vice President of Prince Hotels, Inc. since April 2018, supervising the Head Office organization and overall business, and in June we appointed him as President of Prince Hotels, Inc. We are certain that he will continue to increase the earning capability of the hotel and leisure business segment, which is a driver of corporate value enhancement, going forward, and contribute to realizing the medium- to long-term strategy.
 As the person responsible for the administration, Mr. Uwano has contributed to enhancing the Seibu Group’s corporate value first by strengthening the Group’s management structure and now by promoting medium- to long-term strategies in the real estate business segment as president of Seibu Properties Inc. We are certain that he will contribute to realizing the medium- to long-term strategies by steadily growing the Seibu Group’s real estate business segment.
Ms. Ohya possesses abundant knowledge of social conditions in Japan and overseas gained through activities as a commentator and a member of various panels and committees over many years. Her broad and multifaceted remarks and suggestions supported by this wide range of activities enable the perspectives of various stakeholders to be reflected in the Company’s management, leading to revitalization of the Management Council and the Board of Directors. We believe that her opinions from a broad perspective backed by her knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium- to long-term corporate value.
From left: Isao Nagaseki, Michifumi Yazaki, Isao Fukasawa, Eiji Sakomoto
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Michifumi Yazaki
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Isao Nagaseki
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Isao Fukasawa
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Outside
Independent
Eiji Sakomoto
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Outside
Independent
Managing Officers
Riichi Ito
Atsushi Kada
Yoshihide Nakagawa
Masaaki Arahara
   Mr. Yazaki has a wealth of experience, including previous appointments as General Manager of the Audit Department at Seibu Holdings, Inc. and Seibu Railway Co., Ltd., subsequently serving as General Manager of the Accounting Office, before leading management as president of a Group Company. He has a wide-ranging understanding of the Group’s operations in general.
   Mr. Ogi possesses exceptional managerial talent backed by practical experience as has been evidenced by his outstanding track record as a manager bringing about managerial reform in companies across various industries, along with particularly impressive results in the area of consumer focused corporate management. He makes statements in the Management Council and the Board of Directors from a manager’s perspective regarding the need to establish PDCA cycles for each measure in the management plan and to clarify the results and issues to be addressed for each measure. We believe that his opinions from a broad perspective backed by his track record, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium- to long-term corporate value.
As an attorney, Mr. Goto possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience, and keen insight with respect to corporate legal affairs. He makes statements in the Management Council and the Board of Directors from a risk management perspective, such as the risks of legal compliance and criticism of each measure when making management judgements. In addition, the Company receives advice from him in promoting action on sustainability. We believe that his opinions from a broad perspective backed by his knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium- to long-term corporate value.
Mr. Tsujihiro possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience and keen insight with respect to Japanese economy and corporate management, gained through his longstanding experience as Chief Editor of an economics magazine and his current position as Professor of the Faculty of Economics at Teikyo University. He makes statements in the Management Council and the Board of Directors from an expert perspective regarding management judgement and direction based on the latest economic trends. We believe that his opinions from a broad perspective backed by his experience and track record can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to enhance our medium-to long-term corporate value.
Mr. Nagaseki has a wealth of experience in the hotel and leisure business, including previous posts as General Manager of the Sunshine City Prince Hotel and the Shin Yokohama Prince Hotel. Currently, he is working to enhance the auditing of Prince Hotels Inc. as a standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member.
As an attorney at law, Mr. Fukasawa possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience, and keen insight with respect to corporate legal affairs. We judge that he is capable of using these attributes to conduct audits of the Company based on a fair and neutral perspective and also to provide appropriate feedback. We believe that Mr. Fukasawa’s opinions from a broad perspective backed by his knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management.
As a certified public accountant and certified public tax accountant, Mr. Sakomoto possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience, and keen insight with respect to financial affairs and accounting. We judge that he is capable of using these attributes to conduct audits of the Company based on a fair and neutral perspective and also to provide appropriate feedback. We believe that Mr. Sakomoto’s opinions from a broad perspective backed by his knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management.
Executive Managing Officer
Managing Officer / General Manager, Internal Audit and Internal Control Department
Managing Officer / General Manager, Investor Relations Department, Corporate Planning
Managing Officer / General Manager, Business Strategy Dept. II, Corporate Planning
               Outside
Outside
Independent
Indicates outside directors in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act
Indicates outside Audit and Supervisory Board members in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act
Indicates independent officers in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Listing Regulations issued by the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Annual Report 2019 43

 Management Approach for Creating Value
 Seibu Holdings Corporate Governance
WEB http://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/ir/management/governance/
  Managing Officers Divisions of the Company
  Corporate Governance
■ Basic Policy
The Seibu Group strives to maximize corporate value and shareholder value by fulfilling social responsibilities through its business activities and earning the trust of shareholders, customers and all other stakeholders based on the Group Vision, which incorporates the management philosophy and management policy, and the Seibu Group Corporate Code of Ethics, which sets out the Group’s basic rules on compliance. To further promote corporate governance, the Group works to improve management soundness and transparency, to raise the level of and to accelerate decision-making by management, centered on the Board of Directors, and to continuously
■ Corporate Governance Structure
Board of Directors
Election/ Dismissal/ Supervision
Management Council
Election/Dismissal
Election/Dismissal
Audit & Supervisory Board
strengthen the internal control systems of the entire Group. In addition to ensuring the rights and equality of shareholders, the Group engages in constructive dialogue with shareholders to improve corporate value and shareholder value over the medium to long term, and strives for timely and appropriate disclosure of information and appropriate cooperation with its stakeholders.
Our basic approach to corporate governance, our corporate philosophy and our management policy, as encapsulated in our Group Vision, have all been developed in reference to principles defined in the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s Corporate Governance Code, and are publicly disclosed on our corporate website.
 General Meeting of Shareholders
    Audit
   Cooperation
Audit
Cooperation
Election/ Dismissal
 Operational Organizations
Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee
Instruction/Reporting
Cooperation
President and Chief Executive Officer
     Direction/Orders
Audit
Internal Audit and Internal Control Department
Accounting Auditor
      44
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Business Companies
Audit Audit

■ Composition of main governance-related bodies
16 8 4 4
Board of Directors (15 men, one woman) (8 men) (3 men, one woman) (4 men) President
Number of meetings in FY2019/3
17times
Audit & Supervisory Board
Number of meetings in FY2019/3
15 times
Nomination Advisory Committee
Remuneration Advisory Committee
Total members
Inside directors
Independent outside directors
Audit & Supervisory Board members
Chair
  (All are independent)
 The Board meets in principle at least once a month to make decisions on the items stipulated by laws and regulations and to supervise the execution of business.
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
The Audit & Supervisory Board meets in principle at least once a month. The essential role of Audit & Supervisory Board members is to audit the legality of business execution by the directors through activities including attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and other important organs.
 Total members
Independent outside directors
Chair
 4 2
(4 men) (2 men)
 (All are independent)
  Total members
Inside directors
Independent outside directors
Chair
 624
(5 men, one woman) (2 men) (3 men, one woman) (All are independent)
624
(5 men, one woman) (2 men) (3 men, one woman) (All are independent)
President President
       Number of meetings in FY2019/3
[Nomination Advisory Committee] 1 time [Remuneration Advisory Committee] 3 times
To ensure objectivity in the selection of candidates for the post of director and in the setting of directors’ remuneration, advice is sought from the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee, which are composed of four outside directors, who form the majority, in addition to the President and Chief Executive Officer and one inside director (director responsible for President’s Office).
 Total members
Inside directors
Independent outside directors
Chair
 734
(6 men, one woman) (3 men) (3 men, one woman) President
The Corporate Governance Council was established as a body to assist in improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors by providing relevant consultation. It is composed of four outside directors, who form the majority, in addition to the President and Chief Executive Officer and two inside directors (director responsible for President’s Office and director responsible for Corporate Strategy Department).
Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee
Corporate Governance Council
(All are independent)
  Number of meetings in FY2019/3
1time
  Number of meetings in FY2019/3
5 times
Management Council
Number of meetings in FY2019/3
20 times
The Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee was established as a body to undertake Group- wide coordination of the compliance system. It meets five times a year and is composed of the President and Chief Executive Officer, the executive managing officers, the presidents of the main Group companies, and outside experts.
The Management Council was established as a body where managing officers and other relevant staff can discuss important matters, including agenda items for discussion by the Board of Directors, with the aim of improving the quality of decision-making. It meets in principle twice a month and is composed of the directors, the managing officers, the Audit & Supervisory Board members, and the presidents of the main Group companies.
  Annual Report 2019 45

 Management Approach for Creating Value
    Stock compensation (long-term incentive)
  Stock compensation (annual incentive)
   Stock option compensation
         Basic remuneration
Basic remuneration
   Type of remuneration
 Outline and calculation method for points awarded
 ■ Corporate officer remuneration: system design and decision-making process
The remuneration system for directors of the Company (excluding outside directors) operates in accordance with the Company’s adopted regulation, the Seibu Holdings Directors’ Remuneration Policy. Remuneration is made up of basic remuneration and a stock compensation system introduced in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, which consists in turn of annual incentive and long-term incentive components. The proportion of these components released in payment is determined with a view to establishing a clear link between
directors’ remuneration and medium- to long-term improvement in business performance and shareholder value. The aim of this is to heighten directors’ motivation to contribute to maximizing medium- to long-term business performance, corporate value, and shareholder value.
To reflect their role and their independent position, the remuneration of outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members consists of the basic remuneration only.
◆ Remuneration system and remuneration range for directors (excluding outside directors)
(Former system)
(New system)
     Annual remuneration range Up to ¥250 million
Annual remuneration range up to ¥660 million (*1)
New element
Trust contributions over 3 years (*2) Total up to ¥750 million
Annual remuneration range up to ¥660 million (*1)
     *1 Includes annual amount of up to ¥120 million for outside directors.
*2 Refers to initial eligible period and subsequent eligible payment period of 3 years each.
Directors’ basic remuneration is decided by a representative director appointed by the Board of Directors and is set at a level within the total remuneration range resolved by the General Meeting of Shareholders so as to reflect the duties and responsibilities of the director. In connection with this decision, the representative director consults with the Remuneration Advisory Committee, on which four outside directors form the majority, to help ensure the objectivity and transparency of the decision.
Directors’ stock compensation is made up of an annual incentive component, under which shares of the Company, etc., are allocated once yearly during the director’s term of office based on the director’s position and degree of business performance attainment, and a long-term incentive component,
under which shares of the Company, etc., are allocated on retirement from office based on the director’s position. In connection with the introduction of this system, advice was sought from the Remuneration Advisory Committee, on which four outside directors form the majority. To raise directors’ motivation and morale, the Board of Directors has adopted an internal regulation to determine, within the range resolved by the General Meeting of Shareholders, the number of points awarded based on the relative balance with basic remuneration and the director’s duties and responsibilities and degree of business performance attainment.
The system adopted for allocation of stock compensation is the Board Benefit Trust (BBT) system.
 Stock compensation Long-term incentive
Stock compensation Annual incentive
Based on the Corporate Officers’ Share Allocation Regulations (Long-Term Incentive) a number of points is awarded each year based on the director’s position, and the number of shares corresponding to the awarded points total is allocated on retirement from office.
In accordance with the Corporate Officers’ Share Allocation Regulations (Annual Incentive), a number of points is awarded each year based on the director’s position and degree of business performance attainment, and the number of shares corresponding to the awarded points total is allocated each year. The business performance evaluation coefficient is based on two indicators, EBITDA and ROE, with the coefficient set at the value of 1 in the case where the actual figures for both indicators reach 10% or more above the forecast figures for the fiscal year (see outline diagram below). The coefficient is calculated with a weight of 50% for each of the two indicators based on the degree of attainment of the respective forecast value. The forecast value for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, is ¥128,500 million for EBITDA and 10.6% for ROE. If the actual value for either one of the indicators fails to reach the forecast value, no incentive will be allocated.
    46
Seibu Holdings Inc.

◆ Outline of newly introduced annual incentive system ×=
   Position points
(decided based on director’s position)
Business performance evaluation coefficient (decided based on degree of business performance attainment)
          0% Budget + 10% Degree of attainment in business performance
[Reasons for choice of evaluation indicators]
EBITDA
This is an indicator with major relevance to all aspects of Company profit and financial position and is the indicator which has been given the greatest weight in the Company’s management decision-making.
ROE
This is one of the indicators given the greatest weight in connection with efforts to increase shareholder value and reflects profit growth potential.
(EBITDA・ROE)
Corporate officers’ remuneration, etc., in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Corporate officer category
Total remuneration, etc. (millions of yen)
Amount of remuneration by type (millions of yen)
Number of eligible officers
 Basic remuneration
 Stock options
 Bonuses
 Retirement benefits
  Director (excluding outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board member (excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Outside corporate officer
308 241 67 – – 8
29 29 – – – 1
82 82 – – – 6
   Note: During their period of office as directors of the Company, eight directors who served concurrently as directors of a subsidiary (including some who retired on June 21, 2018) received corporate officer remuneration and other benefits from the subsidiary, the total amount of which was ¥199 million. Additionally, one Audit & Supervisory Board member who serves concurrently as a full- time Audit & Supervisory Board member of a subsidiary has received corporate officer remuneration and other benefits from the subsidiary in the amount of ¥21 million.
■ Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
In each fiscal year, the Company carries out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors to ensure that the Board of Directors is performing its roles and responsibilities appropriately. In the evaluation for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, a questionnaire on the roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors was completed anonymously by all directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members. Based on an aggregation of the responses, an analysis was performed focusing on the composition, effectiveness, and conduct of the Board of Directors, with input on improving the Board’s effectiveness sought from the Corporate Governance Council, on which four outside directors form the majority. It was judged as a result that the Company’s Board of Directors provided sufficient effectiveness in overall terms.
◆ Main evaluation items in the questionnaire
1. Composition of the Board of Directors
2. Conduct of Board of Directors meetings
3. Role and supervisory functions of the Board of Directors
4. Consideration of opinions of investors and other stakeholders
In particular, a high level of effectiveness was judged to be reflected in the appropriateness of the level of risk-taking, which was based on due assessment from multiple perspectives in line with the internal control and risk management systems, and in the incorporation of the viewpoints and opinions of major investors and other stakeholders.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, toward improvement of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, the decision- making system was reviewed and adjustments made to the conduct of meetings. Going forward, continuing initiatives will be introduced with a view to raising the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors, for instance by intensifying discussions on the formulation of strategies to increase Group corporate value.
5. Support system for directors
6. Status of director’s own contribution and involvement
7. Progress with issues compared to the previous fiscal year
Points awarded as annual incentive
Annual Report 2019 47
1
Business performance evaluation coefficient

 Management Approach for Creating Value
 48
Seibu Holdings Inc.
■ Basic Stance on Internal Control Systems
At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Company formulates an internal controls plan for the year based on the Seibu Holdings’ Basic Policy on Internal Controls and the state of engagement in the previous fiscal year, with the understanding that further strengthening internal control systems contributes to the maximization of the corporate value of the entire Group over the medium-to-long term.
This plan is reported to the Board of Directors. At the interim
■ Compliance
To enhance and strengthen the compliance structure by preparing a code of conduct for employees and officers, the Company has established the Seibu Group Corporate Code of Ethics as a basic policy shared by the Group and conducts activities in the three areas of rules, organization and penetration/establishment for the Code’s implementation and observance.
The Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee meets five times a year to conduct integrated administration of the compliance structure of the entire Seibu Group, chaired by the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and with officers of the Company, external experts and representatives of Group companies as members. The committee decides basic policies for compliance, verifies and reviews the status of their promotion, resolves issues related to corporate ethics and
■ Information Disclosure
Recognizing the importance of earning the trust of society, the Seibu Group works for enhanced information disclosure with accurate, swift and fair reporting on its activities, including management results and the status of businesses, to shareholders, investors and all other stakeholders.
period, the Board of Directors will ensure the effectiveness of the plan by receiving reports on the plan’s progress and confirming points that need to be worked on, etc., during the second half of the fiscal year.
Furthermore, at the end of the fiscal year, they will implement a PDCA cycle by verifying the progress of the plan, identifying points that need improving, and reflecting these in the following year’s plan.
considers measures to prevent their recurrence, among other activities. The committee also holds lively debates including discussions of various compliance-related themes.
Also, for swift identification and resolution of internal issues, the Seibu Group has established two internal notification systems consisting of a corporate ethics hotline and a sexual harassment and human relations hotline. Both have internal contact points and external contact points (a subcontracting company and a law firm). The hotlines are available to all officers and employees of the Seibu Group, and although users give their real names in principle, anonymous calls are accepted. Information from the hotlines is centrally managed by the Company and has led to swift resolution of issues, prevention of recurrence and improvements in business operations, with advice and support accepted from experts as necessary.
With Corporate Communication as the supervising department, the Group strives to provide more information to stakeholders by conducting timely disclosure through stock exchanges as well as proactively disclosing other information.

■ Communication with Shareholders and Investors
The Company recognizes the importance of taking shareholders’ and investors’ opinions seriously and incorporating them in its management. Consequently, the Investor Relations Department was established as the department in charge of working for fuller communication with shareholders and investors.
For communication with individual shareholders and retail investors, in addition to holding the General Meeting of Shareholders, the Company implements ongoing activities aimed at shareholders, including hotel tours and classes about trains, which are offered to selected shareholders that apply via a prize draw. The Company also strives to deepen understanding of the business and operations by exhibiting at the Tokyo Stock Exchange IR Festa and actively holding presentations for retail investors in cooperation with securities companies.
For communication with analysts and institutional investors, the Company holds briefings for the announcement of year-end and interim financial results, in addition to proactively conducting
individual meetings.
For shareholders and investors outside Japan, the Company
provides information through a website and actively participates in individual meetings and conferences sponsored by securities companies in addition to overseas IR roadshows conducted by top management. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, in addition to meetings in Japan, top management visited regions including Asia, North America and Europe and held individual meetings with shareholders and investors.
 Main dialogue opportunities with shareholders and investors (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019)
  Briefing meetings for institutional investors and analysts Study visits for institutional investors and analysts Conferences organized by securities companies Individual meetings
Briefing meetings for individual investors
Figures in parentheses for fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 3 (2)
          General meeting of shareholders
Date
No. of shareholders attending
Percentage of voting rights issued
Date of sending of convocation notice
TDnet* publication date
Wednesday, June 21, 2017
525
82.2%
Wednesday, May 31, 2017
Tuesday, May 23, 2017 (Japanese)
Saturday, May 27, 2017 (English)
Thursday, June 21, 2018
677
78.7%
Wednesday, May 30, 2018
Wednesday, May 23, 2018 (Japanese)
Saturday, May 26, 2018 (English)
1 (0)
7 (7) 121 (133) 13 (17)
Friday, June 21, 2019
525
79.2%
Friday May 31, 2019
Wednesday, May 22, 2019 (Japanese)
Tuesday, May 28, 2019 (English)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
        *Timely disclosure information browsing service operated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Annual Report 2019 49

  Six-Year Financial Overview
Operating results Operating revenue
Urban transportation and regional Railway operation
Bus operation
Leisure facilities
Other
Hotel and leisure
City hotels operation Resort hotels operation Golf courses operation Other
Real estate
Leasing operation
Other Construction
Hawaii business
Other
Intersegment eliminations
Operating profit
Urban transportation and regional Hotel and leisure
Real estate
Construction
Hawaii business
Other
Intersegment eliminations
Ordinary Profit
Extraordinary income
Total extraordinary losses
Profit before income
Total income taxes
Profit
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Depreciation
Capital expenditures
EBITDA*1
Urban transportation and regional Hotel and leisure
Real estate
Construction
Hawaii business
Other
Intersegment eliminations
Financial positions
Total assets
Cash and deposits
Total liabilities Intereset-bearing debt
Net assets
Per share information
Basic earnings per share (EPS) Diluted earnings
Net assets per share (BPS) Cash dividend per share
Dividend payout ratio
Average number of outstanding common shares during the period
Management indicies
Ratio of operating profit to net sales
Return on equity (ROE)
Ratio of ordinary profit to total assets (ROA) Equity-to-asset ratio
Net D/E ratio
Net interest-bearing debt/EBITDA ratio Net interest-bearing debt
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flow from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Free cash flow*2
Number of employees (consolidated)
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2014
473,441
156,086 102,580 24,924 21,657 6,925 169,370 96,664 35,326 11,850 25,531 46,386 28,179 18,207 94,277 11,722 37,524
(41,923)
46,710
22,453 8,647 13,582 1,651 (1,196) 1,327 246
38,111
6,279 13,969 30,421 11,959 18,461 18,317
39,620 47,768
86,330
44,086 19,385 17,075
1,931 215 3,705
(67)
1,420,449 24,390 1,152,760 839,967 267,689
53.55 - 777.63 6.0 % 11.2 Millions of Shares 342.0
% 9.9 % 7.2 % 2.7 % 18.7
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2015
481,727
155,732 102,346 25,102 21,533 6,750 175,121 100,182 36,245 12,171 26,521 48,571 30,209 18,361 97,991 13,955 36,574
(46,220)
49,620
23,009 10,550 14,757
2,809 (1,367) 875 (1,013)
42,099
7,478
9,249 40,328 5,465 34,862 34,912
40,430 63,139
90,051
44,599 21,617 18,650
3,105 333 3,301
(1,555)
1,519,911 23,586 1,152,474 840,329 367,437
102.50
102.50 1,073.50 8.0 7.8 340.5
10.3 11.1 2.8 24.1 2.3 9.1 816,742
80,168 (76,012) (5,428) 22,596
4,155 22,030
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2016
508,081
157,359 104,939 25,610 21,724 5,085 188,021 106,820 38,308 12,227 30,665 49,690 31,265 18,424 104,983 19,303 37,543
(48,819)
65,956
25,884 20,628 14,528
3,694 (836) 1,083
972
58,525
30,919 23,864 65,581
8,293 57,288 57,207
40,745 80,609
106,701
46,738 32,069 18,760
4,048 1,233 3,691
159
1,553,092 22,417 1,160,443 843,745 392,649
167.89
167.84 1,148.30 17.0 10.1 340.7
13.0 15.1 3.8 25.2 2.2 7.7 821,328
75,757 (76,334) (877)
21,085 (576) 22,246
       Unit
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
                             Yen/US$ Yen/US$ Yen/US$ Yen/US$
    Times
Times Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
3.2
9.4 815,576
68,425 (45,218) (18,892) 23,610 23,207 21,961
        50
Seibu Holdings Inc.
*1 Calculated as total of operating profit, depreciation, and amortization of goodwill.
*2 Cash flow from operating activities + cash flow from investing activities

        Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2017
512,009
156,494 105,123 25,531 20,798 5,041 188,544 105,319 38,826 12,266 32,132 53,771 35,447 18,323 114,996 23,167 37,228
(62,192)
62,456
26,804 14,092 7,889 9,825 4,250 720
(1,126)
57,472
9,066
8,005 58,533 10,898 47,634 47,564
45,658 138,915
108,115
47,489 26,969 16,201 10,206
6,044
3,366 (2,162)
1,627,868 29,071 1,267,735 909,104 360,133
149.39
149.31 1,132.40 23.0 15.4 318.3
12.2 12.7 3.5 21.8 2.6 8.1 880,032
92,418 (133,931) 48,162
27,551 (41,513)
22,834
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2018
530,631
162,056 106,354 25,937 22,095 7,668 204,854 119,776 40,677 12,575 31,825 62,292 42,506 19,785 100,002 15,375 39,427
(53,376)
64,259
27,254 17,299 15,818
4,752 (2,002) 1,048
88
55,490
2,156
6,695 50,951 7,511 43,439 42,908
51,000 89,903
115,580
49,062 32,739 25,077
5,152 97 3,960
(509)
1,669,223 29,943 1,274,275 905,091 394,947
136.67
136.57 1,240.09 23.0 16.8 313.9
12.1 11.5 3.3 23.3 2.3 7.6 875,147
103,772 (88,083) (13,549) 29,628 15,689
23,564
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2019
565,939
163,088 106,549 26,351 22,551 7,636 219,801 128,079 42,185 12,783 36,751 69,651 46,652 22,998 109,690 19,089 41,931
(57,313)
73,332
27,087 19,741 20,095
5,890 (1,377) 1,252
641
65,415
2,795
7,834 60,376 14,436 45,939 45,457
53,126 83,317
127,329
48,765 36,077 30,420
6,315 1,206 4,312
231
1,728,929 26,549 1,306,214 905,057 422,715
145.21
145.09 1,346.05 30.0 20.7 313.0
13.0 11.3 3.8 24.1 2.2 6.9 878,508
88,104 (73,069) (17,898) 26,269 15,035
23,677
Fiscal year ending Mar. 31, 2020 (Forecast)
584,400
166,100
- - - -
234,000
- - - -
66,100
-
-
108,600 25,400 40,800 (56,600)
71,000
25,600 20,900 17,000
5,400 2,100 (200) 200
62,700
- - - - -
46,200
-
99,300
128,500
48,300 37,800 28,700
5,900 5,000 3,100
(300)
1,743,200
- - - -
149.20
-
-
30.0 20.1 -
12.1 10.6 3.6 25.8 - 6.8 874,100
- - - - - -
Fiscal year ending Mar.
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2019 (Millions of US$)
5,099
1,469 959 237 203 68 1,980 1,153 380 115 331 627 420 207 988 171 377
(516)
660
244 177 181
53 (12) 11
5
589
25
70 543 130 413 409
478 750
1,147
439 325 274
56 10 38
2
15,577
11,768 8,154 3,808
1.30
1.30 12.12 0.27
313.0
13.0 11.3 3.8 24.1 2.2 6.9 7,915
793 (658) (161) 236 135
23,677
*US$ amounts are translated, for convenience only, at the rate of US$1.00= ¥110.99, the revailing rate of exchange as of March 31, 2019.
Fiscal year ending Mar.
31, 2021 (Plan) 31, 2022
600,200 614,800
167,600 167,500
- - - - - - - -
249,100 260,800
- - - - - - - -
66,700 67,300
- -
- -
110,100 111,400 23,600 24,600 41,300 42,600 (58,200) (59,400)
73,600 75,700
25,500 24,600 26,300 28,100 16,100 16,400
5,300 5,500 700 1,100 (400) (800) 100 800
66,300 68,900
- - - - - - - - - -
48,400 49,000
- -
93,000 94,700
133,600 137,500
49,000 48,800 43,800 46,200 28,200 28,800
5,900 6,000 3,600 4,100 3,500 4,200
(400) (600)
1,791,300 1,807,200
- - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - - -
12.3 12.3 10.3 9.7 3.7 3.8 27.2 29.1 - - 6.5 6.2 862,300 856,500
- - - - - - - - - - - -
                    Annual Report 2019 51
  
Financial Section
 Analysis of Operating Results and Financial Position
Scope of consolidation and reportable segments
 As of March 31, 2019, the Seibu Group was comprised of the Company, 74 consolidated subsidiaries, two associated companies accounted for using the equity method, three non-consolidated subsidiaries not accounted for using the equity method, and one associated company not accounted for using the equity method, for a total of 81 companies.
Overview of Business Results
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (“the fiscal year under review”), the Seibu Group faced mixed economic conditions. In Japan, despite signs of weak exports and production slowdowns in some industries, the economy continued to moderately grow overall on the back of improving employment and income conditions. At the same time, however, the outlook remained uncertain as international trade frictions disrupted the global economy, economic and political trends were unpredictable in certain countries, and fluctuations were seen in financial markets.
Against that backdrop, the Seibu Group formulated a three-year medium-term management plan spanning from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021 with a view to make further progress toward its long-term targets by ensuring sustainable and dynamic growth. Under this new plan, the Group worked to both strengthen its established businesses and create new businesses based on the previous plan’s policies of laying a foundation for long- term growth and promoting fresh innovations at a faster pace than ever before. As part of these efforts, the Group proactively invested in venture capital funds and initiated a new business creation program that connects
Analysis of Operating Results
■ Operating revenue and operating profit
In the fiscal year under review, operating revenue amounted to ¥565,939 million, up 6.7% year on year. Factors impacting results were year-on- year growth in RevPAR and solid proceeds from conferences and events posted by the hotel and leisure segment, increased leasing revenue from Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho in the real estate segment, and a higher number of construction and renovation projects in the construction segment. Operating profit rose 14.1% to ¥73,332 million year on year, mainly attributable to the growth in operating revenue.
■ Non-operating income and expenses and ordinary profit Non-operating income rose by 5.6% to ¥3,475 million, while non- operating expenses declined by 5.5% to ¥11,392 million, mainly because interest expenses decreased by ¥459 million. As a result, ordinary profit
The Group’s reportable segments are as follows: urban transportation and regional, hotel and leisure, real estate, construction (which handles construction projects for the three previously listed segments), Hawaii business, and other businesses.
practical ideas with real communities and goes beyond the confines of conventional startup accelerator programs.
Among the highlights of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the Group’s hotel and leisure business created a new international luxury hotel brand named Prince Akatoki, with plans to open new hotels in London, England, and Guangzhou, China. The urban transportation and regional business introduced a new limited express "Laview" for commuter express services, and the real estate business completed the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro as a new office building in Tokyo in February 2019.
Consolidated financial results in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 improved across the board compared with the previous fiscal year. Operating revenue totaled ¥565,939 million, an increase of ¥35,307 million, or 6.7%. Operating profit came in at ¥73,332 million, rising ¥9,072 million, or 14.1%. EBITDA amounted to ¥127,329 million, up ¥11,749 million, or 10.2%. Ordinary profit was ¥65,415 million, jumping ¥9,924 million, or 17.9%, primarily due to the increase in operating profit. Finally, profit attributable to owners of parent totaled ¥45,457 million, an increase of ¥2,548 million, or 5.9%, compared with the previous fiscal year.
amounted to ¥65,415 million, an increase of 17.9% compared with the previous fiscal year.
■ Extraordinary income and losses and
  profit attributable to owners of parent
Extraordinary income jumped 29.6% year on year to ¥2,795 million, largely due to an increase of ¥1,058 million in posting fees received for transfers of players from the Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball team. Extraordinary losses increased by 17.0% to ¥7,834 million, mainly as the result of a loss on valuation of investment securities of ¥1,120 million. Due to these and other factors, profit before income taxes rose by 18.5% to ¥60,376 million, and profit attributable to owners of parent increased by 5.9% to ¥45,457 million.
  52
Seibu Holdings Inc.
 
 Analysis of Financial Position
■ Assets
As of March 31, 2019, current assets amounted to ¥134,512 million, an increase of ¥22,097 million compared with the previous fiscal year- end. The main underlying factor was an increase in notes and accounts receivable—trade of ¥19,568 million. Non-current assets totaled ¥1,594,417 million, up ¥37,608 million compared with a year earlier. Underlying this result, property, plant and equipment along with intangible assets increased by a combined amount of ¥36,925 million. As a result of these and other factors, total assets stood at ¥1,728,929 million, an increase of ¥59,706 million compared with the previous fiscal year-end.
■ Liabilities
As of March 31, 2019, current liabilities totaled ¥367,238 million, an increase of ¥38,456 million compared with a year earlier. Main factors underlying this result were an increase in other current liabilities of
Analysis of cash fows
As of March 31, 2019, cash and cash equivalents amounted to ¥26,269 million, a decrease of ¥3,359 million compared with the end of the previous fiscal year.
■ Cash fows from operating activities
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, net cash provided by operating activities totaled ¥88,104 million, ¥15,668 million less than in the previous fiscal year. The main inflow was profit before income taxes of ¥60,376 million, adjusted for depreciation expenses, income tax paid, and other factors. The decrease largely reflected notes and accounts receivable— trade, which fell by ¥25,738 million from a decrease in the previous fiscal year to an increase in the fiscal year under review.
Business-Related Risks
Major risks associated with the Seibu Group’s businesses that could have an important impact on decisions by investors are listed as follows. Based on a full examination of these risks, the Seibu Group makes upmost efforts to prevent their materialization and prepare to mitigate their impact should any materialize. Items not regarded as serious risks have also been included in the list for the sake of proactive information disclosure. While the list presents risks related to possible future events, the risks were deemed relevant as of March 31, 2019.
1 Risks Related to Economic Conditions
2 Risks Related to Legal Regulation
3 Risks Related to Natural Disasters and Accidents
4 Risks Related to Declining and Aging Population
5 Risks Related to Decline in Tourists
6 Risks Related to “Seibu Group’s Medium-term Management Plan”
7 Risks Related to Important Litigation
8 Risks Related to Interest-bearing Debts
¥13,702 million, primarily accounts payable for construction projects contracted by Seibu Railway and other group companies, as well as advances received of ¥13,626 million. Non-current liabilities amounted to ¥938,976 million, a decrease of ¥6,517 million compared with the previous fiscal year-end. This was mainly due to a decrease in long-term loans payable of ¥12,257 million. As a result of these and other factors, total liabilities stood at ¥1,306,214 million, up ¥31,939 million compared with the previous fiscal year-end.
■ Net assets
As of March 31, 2019, net assets amounted to ¥422,715 million, an increase of ¥27,767 million compared with the previous fiscal year- end. This result was mainly attributable to the ¥45,457 million year-on- year increase in profit attributable to owners of parent. Meanwhile, the shareholders’ equity to assets ratio came to 24.1%, an increase of 0.8 of a percentage point compared with a year earlier.
■ Cash fows from investing activities
Net cash used in investing activities came to ¥73,069 million, a decrease of ¥15,014 million compared with the previous fiscal year. This mainly reflected a ¥12,964 million decrease in purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.
■ Cash fows from financing activities
Net cash used in financing activities amounted to ¥17,898 million, up ¥4,348 million year on year. The increase was largely due to the purchase of treasury shares and cash dividends paid.
9 Risks Related to Value of Our Property
10 Risks Related to Intensified Competition
11 Risks Related to Information Technology Systems and
Management of Information
12 Risks Related to Increases in Price of Fuel, Electricity or Raw Materials 13 Risks Related to Profit Structure
14 Risks Related to Rumor
15 Risks Related to Food-Borne Illnesses or Management of Food
16 Risks Related to Credit Management
17 Risks Related to Subcontractors/Counterparties
18 Risks Related to Costs and Obligations for Our Pension and
Retirement Benefit Plans
19 Risks Related to Currency Fluctuations
For details regarding business and other risks, please refer to the Seibu Holdings website. http://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/ir/management/risk/
   Annual Report 2019 53

 Financial Section
       Unit
Days
Km
Million Km
Millions of people
Millions of people
Millions of people
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
%
Yen
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2015
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2016
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2017
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2018
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2019
               Unit
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2015
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2016
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2017
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2018
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2019
       thousand m2
%
 thousand m2
%
  Urban Transportation and Regional business
The urban transportation and regional segment is comprised of the following businesses: railway operations, bus operations, leisure facility operations (in communities served by railway lines), and other operations. In the fiscal year under review, operating revenue increased by 0.2% to ¥106,549 million in the railway operations business, 1.6% to ¥26,351 million in the bus operations business, and 2.1% to ¥22,551 million in the leisure facility operations business. Operating revenue from other operations amounted to ¥7,636 million, a slight decrease of 0.4% year on year.
In the railway operations business—the main business of this segment—the total number of train passengers increased by 1.0% year on year. Of the total, the number of commuters increased by 1.1% and non-commuters by 0.9%. Passenger transportation sales, which were boosted notably by the introduction of the Haijima Liner, a service with a seat reservation fee, increased by 1.2%, with sales from commuters and non-commuters rising 1.1% and 1.3%, respectively. These increases were
attributable to various factors, including Japan’s full employment market, comparatively high attendance at baseball games and events held at MetLife Dome, the popularity of the Grand Emio Tokorozawa shopping center (in its first phase of development), which opened in March 2018, and the success of marketing campaigns for newly opened facilities situated along railway lines, including the Metsä Village Nordic theme park and market.
In the bus operations business, sales from rechargeable bus fare cards introduced by Seibu Bus were solid in the fiscal year under review.
Operating revenue for the urban transportation and regional segment as a whole amounted to ¥163,088 million, up ¥1,032 million, or 0.6%, year on year. On the other hand, operating profit decreased, edging down ¥167 million, or 0.6%, to ¥27,087 million, mainly due to increased costs of electricity and fuel, as well as higher general administrative expenses. EBITDA was also down by 0.6%, decreasing by ¥296 million to ¥48,765 million.
   Number of operating days Total operating length Train mileage
Number of passengers
Commuter passes
Non-commuter passes Passenger transportation revenue
Commuter passes
Non-commuter passes Boarding efficiency Revenue per train kilometer
Real Estate business
365 179.8 172 628 390 238 95,048 42,673 52,374 37.9 551
366 179.8 173 642 399 243 96,969 43,683 53,286 38.5 562
365 179.8 173 648 405 242 97,690 44,333 53,356 38.7 563
365 365 176.6 176.6 174 175 658 665 412 417 245 248 99,348 100,533 45,137 45,638 54,211 54,895 39.8 40.0 569 573
   The real estate segment is comprised of leasing operations and other operations. In the fiscal year under review, operating revenue increased by 9.8% to ¥46,652 million in the leasing operations business and by 16.2% to ¥22,998 million in the other operations business.
The leasing operations business posted a year-on-year increase in leasing revenue from office space at the Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, which opened in July 2016. The Grand Emio Tokorozawa shopping center and the Emilive Saginomiya apartment building, both of which opened in March 2018, also contributed to revenue growth. Meanwhile, business
was brisk at
promotional
units near Hoya station on the Seibu Ikebukuro line contributed to results in the other operations business.
Overall, the real estate segment posted operating revenue of ¥69,651 million, an increase of ¥7,358 million, or 11.8%, compared with the previous fiscal year. Operating profit came in at ¥20,095 million, jumping ¥4,277 million, or 27.0%. Likewise, EBITDA totaled ¥30,420 million, rising ¥5,343 million, or 21.3%, year on year.
the Karuizawa Prince Shopping Plaza thanks to aggressive and marketing campaigns. In addition, sales of condominium
  Commercial retail
Leasing space as of March 31
Vacancy rate for leasable space as of March 31
Office and residentil
Leasing space as of March 31
Vacancy rate for leasable space as of March 31
229 1.1%
60 10.0%
234 1.0%
60 14.0%
239 244 244 0.7% 1.1% 1.0%
166 172 184 3.1% 1.9% 11.0%
    54
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Hotel and Leisure business
The hotel and leisure segment is made up of the following businesses: city hotel operations, resort hotel operations, golf course operations, and other operations. In the fiscal year under review, operating revenue was up in each business, increasing by 6.9% to ¥128,079 million in the city hotel operations business, 3.7% to ¥42,185 million in the resort hotel operations business, 1.7% to ¥12,783 million in the golf course operations business, and 15.5% to ¥36,751 million in the other operations business.
In the city hotel operations business, revenues were boosted by the Nagoya Prince Hotel Sky Tower, which opened in October 2017. Hotels that newly reopened in the previous fiscal year following renovations also drove up revenue growth in both hotel businesses. Furthermore, RevPAR was up in both hotel businesses as they implemented hotel revenue management to maximize profits by effectively tapping demand for lodging from growing numbers of international tourists in Japan by offering services at seasonally appropriate prices based on demand forecasts. Meanwhile, proceeds from conferences and events were solid,
and hotel restaurants posted excellent results on the whole, mainly attributable to marketing campaigns and restaurant renovations in Tokyo. In addition, StayWell Holdings Pty. Ltd., an Australian company acquired in October 2017, contributed to revenue growth in the fiscal year under review. Yokohama Hakkeijima Inc. also contributed with solid results after reopening the Joetsu Aquarium Umigatari in June 2018 as
the designated operator.
Overall, the hotel and leisure segment posted operating revenue
of ¥219,801 million, an increase of ¥14,946 million, or 7.3%, compared with the previous fiscal year. On the back of this increased revenue, operating profit rose ¥2,441 million, or 14.1%, to ¥19,741 million, despite rising expenses incurred for future growth-oriented investment. EBITDA amounted to ¥36,077 million, an increase of ¥3,337 million, or 10.2%, year on year.
        Hotel facilities overview
Number of rooms
Unit
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2015
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2016
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2017
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2018
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2019
       Number of hotel facilities
Facilities
     Rooms
     Number of banquet halls
Rooms
     Dimention of banquet halls
m2
       City hotels
   Takanawa & Shinagawa area  Resort hotels
   Karuizawa area
 Total
 City hotels
   Takanawa & Shinagawa area  Resort hotels
   Karuizawa area
 Total
 City hotels
   Takanawa & Shinagawa area  Resort hotels
   Karuizawa area
 Total
 City hotels
   Takanawa & Shinagawa area  Resort hotels
   Karuizawa area
 City hotels
   Takanawa & Shinagawa area  Resort hotels
   Karuizawa area
 City hotels
   Takanawa & Shinagawa area  Resort hotels
   Karuizawa area
 City hotels
   Takanawa & Shinagawa area
 Resort hotels
   Karuizawa area
 Total 69.8
Number of hotel guests 4.68  Japanese 3.81  non-Japanese 0.87  Ratio of non-Japanese 18.6
 13 4 28 3
41
10,302 5,207 6,896
714
17,198
174 70 79 11
253
50,533 20,360 22,518
3,670
10,056 10,543 7,245 16,432
9,045
12,370 12,427 14,694 30,512
12,960
13 14 4 4 28 28 3 3
41 42
10,228 10,467 5,138 5,136 6,810 6,783
713 712
17,038 17,250
173 190 70 83 82 82 11 11
255 272
50,262 50,797 20,360 20,197 22,759 22,750
3,670 3,670
11,588 11,911 12,500 12,873 8,626 9,243 18,824 19,376
10,562 10,980
14,054 14,873 14,429 14,808 15,824 16,198 31,619 30,894
14,513 15,239
82.5 80.1 86.6 86.9 54.5 57.1 59.5 62.7
72.8 72.1
4.70 4.45 3.56 3.40 1.14 1.05 24.3 23.7
15 15 4 4 28 28 3 3
43 43
10,636 10,635 5,136 5,136 6,758 6,751
712 712
17,394 17,386
215 215 108 108 89 89 11 11
304 304
51,312 51,312 20,711 20,711 22,354 22,354
3,670 3,670
12,732 13,473 13,354 13,811 9,889 10,319 20,980 22,085
11,786 12,435
15,196 15,845 14,830 15,397 16,208 16,439 31,713 30,529
15,466 16,003
83.8 85.0 90.0 89.7 61.0 62.8 66.2 72.3
76.2 77.7
4.83 5.02 3.65 3.67 1.18 1.34 24.5 26.7
                      KPI for hotel operations
Unit
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2015
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2016
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2017
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2018
Fiscal year ended Mar. 31, 2019
       RevPAR
Yen
   Total
    Average daily rate (ADR)
Yen
   Total
    Occupancy rate
%
     Breakdown of hotel guests
  Millions of people
Millions of people
Millions of people
%
              81.3 84.8 49.3 53.9
      * City hotels mainly includes hotels located in the central retail area of the major metropolitan areas, terminals and its surrounding areas.
Annual Report 2019 55

 Financial Section
 Previous fiscal year Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018) (As of March 31, 2019)
 29,943 26,549
49,825 69,394
9,036 8,431
1,486 1,462
4,855 10,274
2,733 3,042
14,576 15,410
(42) (52)
 112,414 134,512
 1,160,043 1,214,446
(626,029) (653,279)
 534,013 561,167
 308,372 316,750
(249,433) (253,314)
 58,939 63,435
 730,720 729,368
3,921 6,584
(1,754) (1,932)
 2,167 4,652
 58,078 58,955
80,421 85,467
(56,875) (60,732)
 23,545 24,735
 1,407,466 1,442,314
 16 8
21,423 23,507
 21,439 23,516
 71,772 74,689
327 317
31,949 31,388
14,991 12,832
9,582 9,931
(719) (572)
 127,903 128,587
 1,556,808 1,594,417
 1,669,223 1,728,929
  Previous fiscal year Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018) (As of March 31, 2019)
 28,009 30,907
157,849 165,274
665 653
7,735 8,517
36,406 50,033
5,905 5,862
2,639 2,701
ー 15
89,570 103,273
 328,782 367,238
 20,000 30,000
696,874 684,616
23,055 18,668
1,690 1,538
108,318 106,931
12,225 12,208
864 738
464 522
31,197 31,716
2,216 2,129
16,831 16,368
31,753 33,536
 945,493 938,976
 1,274,275 1,306,214
 50,000 50,000
129,375 110,274
214,979 253,199
(63,940) (53,922)
 330,414 359,551
 16,077 19,365
18,555 18,562
7,415 5,415
17,047 13,921
 59,096 57,264
 487 504
4,949 5,394
 394,947 422,715
 1,669,223 1,728,929
  Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Assets
 Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Land and buildings for sale in lots Merchandise and finished goods Costs on uncompleted construction contracts Raw materials and supplies
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total current assets
 Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss Buildings and structures, net Machinery, equipment and vehicles Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net Land
Leased assets
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss Leased assets, net
Construction in progress
Other
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
 Intangible assets Leased assets
Other
Total intangible assets
 Investments and other assets Investment securities Long-term loans receivable Retirement benefit asset Deferred tax assets
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total investments and other assets Total non-current assets
Total assets
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
          Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable - trade Short-term loans payable Lease obligations
Income taxes payable Advances received
Provision for bonuses Other provision
Asset retirement obligations Other
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable
Long-term loans payable
Long-term accounts payable to Japan railway construction, transport and technology agency
Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation
Provision for retirement benefits for directors (and other officers)
Other provision
Retirement benefit liability Asset retirement obligations Liabilities from application of equity method Other
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity Capital stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Revaluation reserve for land Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Share acquisition rights Non-controlling interests Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
  56
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Income
Operating revenue Operating expenses
Operating expenses and cost of sales of transportation Selling, general and administrative expenses
Total operating expenses
Operating profit Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Subsidy to keep a bus on a regular route Other
Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses
Share of loss of entities accounted for using equity method Other
Total non-operating expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income
Gain on sales of non-current assets Contribution for construction
Subsidy income
Gain on sales of investment securities Compensation income
Posting fee from baseball player transfer Other
Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Impairment loss
Loss on sales of non-current assets
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
Reduction entry of land contribution for construction Loss on reduction of non-current assets
Loss on sales of investment securities
Loss on valuation of investment securities
Other
Total extraordinary losses
Profit before income taxes Income taxes - current Income taxes - deferred Total income taxes
Profit
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests Profit attributable to owners of parent
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Revaluation reserve for land
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
(Millions of yen)
  Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
 530,631 565,939
429,824 453,036
36,547 39,570
 466,371 492,607
 64,259 73,332
 50 59
838 900
901 952
1,500 1,562
 3,290 3,475
 10,595 10,136
62 67
1,402 1,188
 12,060 11,392
 55,490 65,415
 123 397
750 714
160 125
144 145
895 39
54 1,112
27 259
 2,156 2,795
 2,076 2,413
165 327
2,804 2,603
678 664
145 120
16 ー
ー 1,120
809 583
 6,695 7,834
 50,951 60,376
 13,786 15,293
(6,275) (856)
 7,511 14,436
 43,439 45,939
 531 482
 42,908 45,457
      (Millions of yen)
  Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
 43,439
 45,939
3,435
3,287
ー
10
(1,482)
(2,000)
(2,540)
 (3,127)
 (587)
 (1,829)
 42,852
44,110
  42,325
43,626
527
 483
     Annual Report 2019 57

 Financial Section
 Shareholders’ equity
 Capital stock
 Capital surplus
 Retained earnings
 Treasury shares
 Total shareholders’ equity
 50,000
 129,373
 180,620
 (64,467)
 295,526
(8,496)
(8,496)
42,908
42,908
116
116
(0)
(0)
1
526
528
(169)
(169)
     -
 1
 34,358
 526
 34,887
 50,000
 129,375
 214,979
 (63,940)
 330,414
  Accumulated other comprehensive income
 Share acquisition rights
 Non-controlling interests
 Total net assets
 Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
 Revaluation reserve for land
 Foreign currency translation adjustment
 Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
 Total accumulated other comprehensive income
 12,641
 18,672
 8,897
 19,584
 59,796
 385
 4,425
 360,133
(8,496)
42,908
116
(0)
528
(169)
3,435
 (116)
 (1,482)
 (2,536)
 (700)
 102
 524
 (73)
 3,435
 (116)
 (1,482)
 (2,536)
 (700)
 102
 524
 34,814
 16,077
 18,555
 7,415
 17,047
 59,096
 487
 4,949
 394,947
  Shareholders’ equity
 Capital stock
 Capital surplus
 Retained earnings
 Treasury shares
 Total shareholders’ equity
 50,000
 129,375
 214,979
 (63,940)
 330,414
(7,238)
(7,238)
45,457
45,457
0
0
(9,999)
(9,999)
(6)
632
626
(19,094)
19,094
ー
291
291
     −
 (19,100)
 38,219
 10,018
 29,137
 50,000
 110,274
 253,199
 (53,922)
 359,551
  Accumulated other comprehensive income
 Share acquisition rights
 Non-controlling interests
 Total net assets
 Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
 Revaluation reserve for land
 Foreign currency translation adjustment
 Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
 Total accumulated other comprehensive income
 16,077
 18,555
 7,415
 17,047
 59,096
 487
 4,949
 394,947
(7,238)
45,457
0
(9,999)
626
ー
291
3,287
 7
 (2,000)
 (3,126)
 (1,831)
 16
 444
 (1,369)
 3,287
 7
 (2,000)
 (3,126)
 (1,831)
 16
 444
 27,767
 19,365
 18,562
 5,415
 13,921
 57,264
 504
 5,394
 422,715
  Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent Reversal of revaluation reserve for land Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Changes due to new consolidation of subsidiaries Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent Reversal of revaluation reserve for land Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Changes due to new consolidation of subsidiaries Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Retirement of treasury shares
Change in treasury shares arising from change
in equity in entities accounted for using equity method
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Retirement of treasury shares
Change in treasury shares arising from change
in equity in entities accounted for using equity method
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
(Millions of yen)
        (Millions of yen)
          58
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Cash fows from operating activities
Profit before income taxes
Depreciation 51,000
(Millions of yen)
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
60,376 53,126 2,413 871
(3,912) (43)
487 1,402
(129)
(960) 10,136 67
(714) (125) (145)
1,120 (70)
2,603 664 120
(556) 538
(19,676) (4,987) (1,617)
2,931
4,154 (1,403) 5,848
112,520
1,000 (10,123) (15,293)
88,104
(153) 188 (478)
1,274 (78,559)
1,388 (7,144)
10,945 (530)
(73,069)
(1,845) 75,750
(78,985) 9,929
(5,085) (706) (7,229)
ー
(9,999) 614
(341)
(17,898)
(496)
(3,359)
29,628
26,269
       Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
  Impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Retirement benefit expenses
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liability
Decrease (increase) in retirement benefit asset
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of loss (profit) of entities accounted for using equity method Proceeds from contribution for construction
Subsidy income
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities
Loss (gain) on sales of non-current assets
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
Reduction entry of land contribution for construction
Loss on reduction of non-current assets
Posting fee from baseball player transfer
Other extraordinary loss (income)
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable - trade Decrease (increase) in inventories
Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable - other
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable - trade Increase (decrease) in advances received
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes
Other, net
2,076 319
(3,585) 280 664 1,346 2
(888) 10,595 62
(750) (160) (128)
ー
41 2,804 678 145
(26) 779 6,061 683 4,010
(3,137) 1,429 346 1,530
50,951
 Subtotal 127,134
Interest and dividend income received 886 Interest expenses paid (10,546) Income taxes paid (13,701)
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 103,772
Cash fows from investing activities
Payments into time deposits (298) Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits 1,502 Purchase of investment securities (2,898) Proceeds from sales of investment securities 712 Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (91,524) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 601 Purchase of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation (4,418) Proceeds from contribution received for construction 8,865 Other, net (625)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (88,083)
Cash fows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable (11,099) Proceeds from long-term loans payable 119,444 Repayments of long-term loans payable (115,239) Proceeds from issuance of bonds 9,920 Redemption of accounts payable to Japan railway construction, transport and technology agency (5,039) Repayments of lease obligations (661) Cash dividends paid (8,481) Repayments of payables under fluidity receivables (2,690) Purchase of treasury shares (0) Proceeds from sales of treasury shares 591 Other, net (292)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (13,549) Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents (63) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 2,076 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 27,551 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 29,628
            Annual Report 2019 59

Seibu Group Subsidiaries and Business Facilities (As of March 31, 2019)
Consolidated Subsidiaries
Urban Transportation and Regional
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.
Seibu Bus Co., Ltd.
Tamagawa Development Co., Ltd.
Yokohama Arena Co., Ltd.
Seibu Electrical Construction Co., Ltd.
Seibu Hire Co., Ltd.
Seibu Sogokikaku Co., Ltd.
Seibu Kanko Bus Co., Ltd.
9 other companies
Hotel and Leisure
Prince Hotels, Inc.
Yokohama Hakkeijima Inc.
StayWell Holdings Pty Ltd.
Paid-in Capital Ratio of Voting or Investment Rights Held
(Millions of yen) (%)
21,665 100.0
100 100.0
100 100.0
4,999 63.0
50 100.0
30 100.0
30 100.0
30 100.0
3,600 100.0
820 83.9
AU$158,173 100.0 thousand
Main Business Facilities
Domestic
  Hotels
43
(City hotels 15, Resort hotels 28)
        Golf courses 28
     StayWell Hospitality Management AU$1,920 Pvt Limited thousand
100.0
Ski resorts 9
 29 other companies and 3 non-consolidated subsidiaries not accounted for using the equity method
Real Estate
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.*1 Prince Hotels, Inc.*1
Seibu Properties Inc. Seibu Bus Co., Ltd.*1
Construction
Seibu Construction Co., Ltd.
Seibu Construction Supply Co., Ltd.
Seibu Landscape Co., Ltd.
Yokohamaryokuchi Co., Ltd.
SEIBU GREEN MANAGEMENT Co., Ltd.
Hawaii Business
Prince Resorts Hawaii, Inc.
Hawaii Prince Hotel Waikiki LLC.
Mauna Kea Resort LLC.
4 other companies
21,665 100.0
3,600 100.0
4,050 100.0
100 100.0
11,000 100.0
352 100.0
360 100.0
35 100.0
30 100.0
US$1 100.0 thousand
US$161,285*2 100.0 thousand
US$287,399*2 100.0 thousand
640 74.0
60 100.0
50 100.0
405 100.0
60 100.0
100 100.0
Others
Theme parks, aquariums, swimming pools and other amusement facilities, commercial facilities, etc.
Overseas
         StayWell 25 facilities
      Hawaii  Hotels 3
   Golf courses 3
    http://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/group/facilities/
 Other
 Izuhakone Business
Ohmi Business
Seibu Lions Business
Izuhakone Railway Co., Ltd.
Izuhakone Bus Co., Ltd.
Izuhakone Kotsu Co., Ltd.
Ohmi Railway Co., Ltd.
Ohmi Taxi Co., Ltd.
Seibu Lions, Inc.
      60
Seibu Holdings Inc.
6 other companies, 2 equity-method associates and a non-consolidated subsidiaries not accounted for using the equity method
*1 Seibu Railway Co., Ltd., Prince Hotels, Inc., and Seibu Bus Co., Ltd. are counted more than once in “Consolidated Subsidiaries” above.
*2 Amount presented is net assets as of March 31, 2019 because there is no figure corresponding to paid-in capital or investment.

Information for Investors ( As of March 31, 2019 ) Corporate Data
Company name
Date of establishment
Registered head office location
Share Data
Total number of shares authorized
Total number of shares issued
Seibu Holdings Inc. February 3, 2006
1-16-15 Minami-Ikebukuro, Toshima-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Paid in capital 50,000,000,000 yen
Composition of shareholders
Composition by Shareholder Classification
■ Financial institutions
■ Securities companies
■ Other Japanese companies ■ Overseas corporations and
individudals
■ Individuals and others
Percentage of Total Shares Held
36.85% 1.01% 29.02% 20.74% 12.38%
*Head office moved to the address above on April 8, 2019.
1,300,000,000 shares 332,462,920 shares
Stock listing
Fiscal year-end March 31
Number of employees 23,677 (consolidated) Number of Group 81
Major shareholders (Top 10)
Name of shareholder
NW Corporation Inc.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd (Trust Account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd (Trust Account)
Development Bank of Japan Inc.
Keikyu Corporation
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
JAPAN POST BANK Co., Ltd.
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. as trustee for Retirement Benefi t Trust Account H re-entrusted by Mizuho Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 9)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
(including 400,048 treasury shares) Number of shareholders 34,545
Number of
shares held (Thousands of shares)
51,158
16,050
15,859
9,906
7,655
7,114
5,560
5,301
5,204
5,001
Shareholding ratio (%)
15.41
4.83
4.78
2.98
2.31
2.14
1.67
1.60
1.57
1.51
companies
Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section (Securities code: 9024)
              2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3
2018 2019
Seibu Holdings share price (left scale) Trading volume (right scale) *Weekly basis
12,000 10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000 0
Note: Percentage of total shares held is calculated excluding shares less than one unit and rounded to the nearest two decimal places.
Note: The shareholding ratio is calculated after deducting the amount of treasury shares.
(Thousands of shares)
 Share Price and Trading Volume* (Yen)
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019 61

  This publication was printed in Japan using ink that does not contain any petroleum- derived solvents on paper certified as manufactured based on the standards of the Forest Stewardship Council®, an international forestry certification program that protects resources by promoting responsible forest management.
  