How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 Safety and security
Maintaining safe and reliable services
■ Investing in facilities for ensuring safe travel
Keenly aware that maintaining safe transportation services is one of our greatest missions, various companies of the Seibu Group have been investing in safety-related facilities. Seibu Railway has been installing safety barriers on train platforms and constructing grade-separated railway crossings in order to make railway lines straighter and to reduce the number of railway crossings. Meanwhile, buses equipped with advanced safety features have been added to the fleets of the Group’s bus companies. Likewise, the JPN TAXI, Toyota’s state-of-the-art taxicab model fitted with anti-collision sensors, is being deployed to ensure safer driving by the Seibu Group’s taxi operators. In addition, Seibu Construction handles the maintenance inspections of Seibu Railway facilities to ensure their safety, and is studying the feasibility of using drones and other new technologies for building maintenance inspections.
■ Conducting emergency drills to prepare for accidents and disrupted services
Group companies have established business continuity plans and conduct emergency drills in preparation for a large-scale disasters or accidents. To minimize damage and restore operations as quickly as possible, the companies carry out disaster-response drills as well as training exercises for resuming disrupted services. Furthermore, train drivers are periodically tested in order to verify their driving abilities, safe driving workshops are held for the purpose of raising their awareness of safety, and virtual reality driving simulation technology is utilized in training.
In addition, Seibu Landscape holds an annual disaster preparation event at each park it manages with the goal of educating local residents about disaster preparedness and promoting the related functions and facilities of the parks.
■ Equipping facilities and train stations with disaster relief supplies
Seibu Properties operates the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro building in Tokyo’s Toshima Ward and Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho in Chiyoda Ward. In cooperation with the governments of each ward, the Company has prepared these facilities for a major earthquake or other large-scale disaster by stocking them with emergency relief supplies, installing backup emergency power generators, and designating spaces as emergency shelters for employees and customers who are unable to return home following a disaster. The Group’s railway operators have also supplied their train stations with essential emergency relief supplies in preparation for a large- scale disaster. Likewise, Prince Hotels has stocked each of its hotels with emergency supplies, and provided employees with an emergency handbook that explains how to direct and assist guests during a disaster.
■ Implementing measures for ensuring food safety
A number of companies in the Seibu Group provide food services, and each of them gives top priority to food safety. Every necessary step is taken to prevent food poisoning, ensure that no foreign substances are mixed in food, and guard against allergic reactions. In addition, Prince Hotels has implemented stricter inspections of hotel kitchens to maintain sanitary environments, and is providing food safety training to employees to raise awareness and enhance related skills.
■ Prohibiting relations with organized crime groups
While Japan is a relatively safe country, it is home to numerous organized crime syndicates. All companies of the Seibu Group are resolutely opposed to these organizations and prohibit any conduct that could be associated with their activities. The Seibu Group Code of Conduct also prohibits any relations with such criminal organizations. Recognizing that these crime syndicates are often involved in the construction industry, Seibu Construction is aggressively taking actions to exclude them from operations, has initiated meetings for banning members of syndicates at construction sites and taken steps to prevent damage caused by them. It also opposes any unreasonable demands from sub-contractors under their influence. In addition, Group companies that own and operate pools and spa facilities strictly prohibit entry by people with tattoos, which are a hallmark of organized criminals in Japan, in order to ensure the safety and comfort of customers.
      24
Seibu Holdings Inc.