Environmental conservation
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions
■ Utilizing energy-saving rail cars and equipment
All of the Group’s transportation companies aim to reduce their environmental burden by improving transportation efficiency. To that end, they have been upgrading to energy-saving rail cars and installing energy-efficient facilities at train stations in an effort to cut down on energy consumption.
■ Proactively using renewable energy
Various Group companies are working to reduce their energy consumption by using electricity supplied from renewable energy sources, such as solar power plants, and by using geothermal heating and cooling systems. The Group operates solar power plants that generate about 22 million kilowatts annually, mainly for the hotel business. The Group also operates hydroelectric plants that generate almost 1.5 million kilowatts per year. Aiming to boost this capacity and reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, Seibu Construction has been researching applications of small-scale and micro hydroelectric power generation.
Reducing waste from operations
Group companies have been carrying out various initiatives for minimizing trash and controlling waste, such as promoting a shift to paperless operations by using information and communications technology (ICT) as a way to reduce waste at offices and workplaces. Moreover, Prince Hotels has been taking steps to reduce, process, and recycle food waste at its hotels.
Conserving water resources
■ Taking steps to limit water consumption
To help conserve precious water resources, Group companies have created policies for limiting water consumption and installed equipment for reusing rain and wastewater. At Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, for instance, rainwater and wastewater are treated for reuse as toilet water. Prince Hotels offers guests staying more than one night the option to decline room cleaning services, which helps reduce the amount of water as well as detergents used for cleaning.
■ Implementing measures for maintaining a clean water supply
The Seibu Group is actively involved in preventing water pollution. For example, Prince Hotels makes donations to municipalities that possess reservoirs in order to help them maintain good water quality. Meanwhile, Seibu Construction implements measures for preventing the discharge of wastewater from construction work. When making landfills, for example, barriers are made with bentonite clay to prevent waste from contaminating groundwater.
Protecting forests and biodiversity
■ Conserving forests and green spaces
Group companies have been cooperating with the municipalities they operate in to protect forests and green spaces, and companies that have forests on their properties make proactive efforts to conserve them. For example, Seibu Railways maintains a 130-hectare forest in the city of Hanno, Saitama Prefecture, together with the local government and civil groups. In recognition of their conservation activities, the forest was certified by the Organization for Landscape and Urban Green Infrastructure with the highest rank under its Social and Environmental Green Evaluation System in 2017. The same organization also certified the Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho as an “urban oasis” under the same system in 2016 in recognition of the efforts of Seibu Properties to maintain lush green spaces at the property.
■ Initiating measures for protecting biodiversity
Group companies have been taking steps to reduce plastic waste due to harmful effects on marine life and ecosystems. For example, they have banned plastic straws on their premises and are progressively shifting to paper straws. Disposable plastic bags have also been discontinued by certain facilities of the Group’s golf courses in Japan. In addition, Seibu Construction has begun using design assessment tools that help protect biodiversity.
          Annual Report 2019 25