How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 Community engagement
Promoting the development of communities served by the Group’s railway lines
■ Attracting tourists to stimulate local economies
Group companies initiate campaigns to attract tourists and provide regional tourism information in collaboration with various municipalities in an effort to stimulate the economies of the communities they serve. Recognizing that train stations are often the first place that tourists visit, Seibu Railway has been refurbishing stations to help give these communities a fresh new look and even attract new residents. The company also made it more comfortable and faster to travel with a new limited-express train model called the Laview, which began operating on the Seibu Ikebukuro line in March 2019.
■ Building stronger ties with local communities
Group companies make extra efforts to build stronger ties with their surrounding communities. For example, Seibu Railway and Seibu Lions both work to bring dynamism to local areas through their participation in assemblies and conferences as well as collaboration with relevant organizations. Likewise, Prince Hotels supports local producers of food, beverages, and handicrafts by proactively promoting and selling their goods at hotels, including in popular resort areas such as Karuizawa and Manza.
Improving accessibility through universal design
■ Making facilities barrier-free
Group companies have been applying universal design principles with the goal of making buildings and facilities fully accessible to everyone, including people with physical disabilities. For example, Seibu Railway uses a system that allows wheelchair users and visually impaired passengers to contact staff via an app and request assistance at stations. At Seibu Landscape, all employees receive training on basic sign language and procedures for assisting people with disabilities at the parks it operates.
■ Improving services for international tourists
As an operator of transportation services and hotels, the Seibu Group works tirelessly to assist tourists visiting Japan, which have been growing rapidly in recent years. For example, Seibu Railway operates tourist information centers in Tokyo’s Ikebukuro and Seibu-Shinjuku station to provide over-the- counter guidance to overseas tourists. A multilingual video interpretation service is also used at all train stations, as well as the Karuizawa Prince Shopping Plaza and PePe department stores located at Seibu-Shinjuku, Hon-Kawagoe, Shin-Yokohama, and Hanno stations.
Providing child- and age-friendly programs and services
■ Helping parents care for children
With the number of children in Japan on the decline, the Seibu Group makes conscientious efforts to support childrearing. In communities served by our train lines, nursery school services are offered by Seibu Railway, Seibu Properties, and Ohmi Railway. The Group also makes it easier to travel with children by equipping trains with stroller zones. For example, Seibu Railway’s new 40000-series commuter trains feature specially designed zones for baby strollers as well as wheelchairs. In addition, Seibu Properties develops buildings with children in mind, exemplified by the new built multipurpose facility near Higashi-Nagasaki station on the Ikebukuro line. The condominium section of this property was recently certified by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government as a residential facility that supports childrearing.
■ Initiatives to support parenting
The whole of the Seibu Group works together on the Seibu Group Children’s Support Project to provide valuable hands-on experiences for children and memorable times for their families. Among the initiatives are the Seibu Juku (extracurricular) program, which runs all year round and offers work experience opportunities at Seibu, and the activities of the Lions Children’s Fund, through which players and staff of the Seibu Lions baseball team provide donations and support using funds from the sale of club merchandise.
■ Offering support for senior citizens
The Seibu Group has established a project to help senior citizens live brighter and more active lives, with the focus on arranging outings and promoting health. Going forward, the project will continue to offer activities to encourage seniors to be more active as well as initiatives to support those who care for them.
        26
Seibu Holdings Inc.