Corporate culture
Implementing progressive work style reforms
■ Revamping personnel systems and improving working environments
Aiming to improve work-life balance and work style conditions for employees, Group companies are taking steps to create more comfortable working environments by prohibiting long working hours and adopting flex-time and telecommuting systems. In addition, the Group has built new dormitories for employees and established a chain of preschools for employees who have children in November 2018 in an effort to make it easier for them to work.
Recruiting and fostering diverse human resources
Aiming to boost competitiveness, the Seibu Group is cultivating organizations that make the most of their diverse human resources while respecting the individuality of each employee. To promote diversity, the Group is actively recruiting non-Japanese nationals, providing employment opportunities for people with disabilities, and re-employing people who have reached retirement age, while also implementing measures to facilitate the career advancement of female employees. For example, the Group established the Seibu Diversity College to groom female managers and advance the careers of women in the workplace.
Promoting human resources development and healthcare management
■ Developing human resources through training programs
With a view to raising productivity and having all employees work together to achieve growth and sustainably increase corporate value, the Seibu Group offers a comprehensive range of training programs at each level of career advancement and years of service, and provides support for employees who aspire to acquire relevant qualifications. Specifically, employees are provided with various training programs upon working for a fixed numbers of years, and training is provided to newly hired employees and managers. Compensation and financial assistance are also offered to employees to help them acquire necessary job-related qualifications. The Seibu Academy, seminors for employees, was established in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 to provide employees with study and work abroad programs as well as foreign language and correspondence courses.
■ Supporting employees’ healthcare management
To help employees maintain good health and personally improve, the Group provides biannual health checkups and offers stress checkups, financial assistance for smoking cessation programs, as well as other healthcare support.
Strengthening systems for ensuring compliance
■ Establishing a Group-wide compliance system
Seibu Holdings has established a compliance system for the entire Seibu Group to follow, and is working with each company of the Group to enforce relevant rules, including the Seibu Group Code of Ethics, which was created based on the Group Vision, set up and maintain compliance-related organizations, and implement training and other activities to ensure that all employees and managers are highly aware of compliance-related issues.
■ Maintaining the security of personal information
The Seibu Group takes a variety of measures to properly protect confidential information and customer data. For example, we provide employees with training on preventing email attacks and maintaining awareness of information security, collects information on compliance with international laws such as the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation, and has systems in place for immediately responding to data leaks or security breaches.
        Annual Report 2019 27