Value Creation StrategiesPursuing ESG-Based Management
ESG Initiatives
Developing Community and Social Infrastructure
   Established Disaster Prevention Agreements with Almost All Malls in Japan
We are strengthening
cooperation with external
partners, such as governments
and private companies, with
the aim of safe and secure
community building. In Japan,
almost all malls have established agreements with local governments regarding cooperation with disaster prevention activities. AEON
Co., Ltd. has also established agreements with the Ground Self- Defense Force, Japan Airlines Co., Ltd. (JAL), and 10 electric power companies nationwide. Here, we have agreed to provide support in the event of emergencies, including providing infrastructure support and aid supplies, playing a role as a base for recovery activities.
Holding Disaster Prevention Festivals
Since 2018, AEON MALL
Sakai Teppocho (Osaka
Prefecture) has held the
Sakai Teppocho Bosai FES!,
a disaster prevention festival
serving as an opportunity
for local residents to gain a renewed awareness of the importance of disaster prevention. In fiscal 2020, the mall exhibited 1,276 coloring book pages of fire engines at 18 kindergartens and nursery schools. We also held group walks where participants could learn the importance of disaster prevention goods while walking through the building. The event enjoyed a record-high participation of 31 organizations, like neighboring companies, police and fire departments, and government agencies, as it promoted greater public awareness of disaster prevention.
Promoting Smart Malls
We are proactively working
to develop smart malls that
implement cutting-edge digital
technology for more convenient
shopping experiences. At AEON
MALL Ageo (Saitama Prefecture),
which was opened in December
2020, two large 320-inch LED screens have been installed on its outer walls, providing information on specialty stores, seasonal environmental images, news, and more. We have also digitized our customer feedback, which we had previously conducted only through paper forms. This information is now available for browsing via dedicated touch panel signage.
China: Preventing Fires by Implementing Automatic Fire Extinguishing Equipment
In order to prevent kitchen fires, we have introduced automatic fire extinguishing equipment to all restaurants starting in July 2018. After July 2018, new locations may not be opened until they agree to install this equipment. After installation, employees regularly inspected this equipment, leading to stronger awareness toward fire prevention among specialty stores and fewer incidents. We will also continue to strive toward higher levels of safety in our malls overall by taking action such as installing detection devices for gas leak prevention.
Cambodia: Improving Equipment to Ensure High Safety Levels
We conduct monthly disaster prevention drills, and with cooperation from local fire departments, participate in annual large-scale disaster prevention drills in June with participation of around 500 people. By using social media to stream content from the drills, we work to communicate the safety of our malls to local residents. We ensure that
fire safety levels at AEON MALL facilities are matched to our high standards in terms of both tangible and intangible systems. In addition to installing sprinklers at intervals of 1.5 meters to 2 meters,
we also equip
our malls with
fire extinguishing hoses, fire extinguishers, and alarm devices.
Deepening Universal Design
2005 marked our first full-scale universal
design of a commercial facility, intended to
provide a comfortable experience with peace
of mind to all visiting customers. We collect
customer opinions through actions like regular
questionnaires, working toward ongoing
improvement. At AEON MALL Kochi (Kochi Prefecture), which was expanded
in floor space and renovated in September 2020, well-known universal design researcher Naoto Tanaka, Visiting Professor at Shimane University, and Tomomi Oida, Representative Director of NATS Architectural Design, supervised efforts to realize a facility where all customers, including the elderly, persons with disabilities, and persons with babies, can enjoy a more comfortable experience.
      53 2021 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT