Building Bridges to Local Communities
The Smile Marche Project: A Three-Party Collaboration to Support Hokkaido’s Food Products Business Operators
In order to support food business operators in Hokkaido, where they face challenges in excess inventory due to the spread of COVID-19, Sousei Marche, a food select shop
at AEON MALL Asahikawa (Hokkaido), launched the Smile Marche Project in cooperation with Yamato Transport Co., Ltd. In addition to opening a new special Smile Marche store in the mall that sells products from Hokkaido, we established an online Hokkaido goods exhibition for online sale of these products. Customers from all around the country flocked to the Hokkaido Food Business Operator Support Pack, a combination of meat, fish, cheese, and other products from various businesses, despite not knowing the pack’s exact contents until they’ve received it. The popularity of this pack not only helped spread the word about the appeal of Hokkaido’s ingredients, but also helped increase sales for its food product business operators.
Executing Into Cooperation Agreements for Regional Revitalization
In order to assist in the development of local communities, we promote executing into cooperation agreements with municipal governments. In Okazaki City, Aichi Prefecture, we have entered into the Comprehensive Cooperation Agreement on Regional Revitalization. This agreement further solidifies our cooperative relationship, following agreement with the city on health promotion and support in the event of disasters. In addition, we have executed into the Collaboration Agreement on Regional Revitalization in Indonesia. AEON MALL Sentul City (Indonesia), opened
in October 2020, is designed to improve convenience for local residents and to serve as a community hub.
Partnership Agreement to Promote Community Health
We established a mutual cooperation agreement with the Japan Conference for Health Promotion, an organization that provides comprehensive health management services across Japan, with the purpose of improving the rate of health checkups and contributing to health promotion among local residents. In addition to holding mobile health checkups, including women’s examinations, at 19 malls, AEON Lake Town Kaze (Saitama Prefecture) also offers easy cancer screenings for women during their shopping trips. Going forward, we will continue to contribute to the healthy lifestyles of local residents and tenant employees.
  Enhancing Blood Donation Activities at Malls Across Japan
Impact from voluntary restraint of going out during the COVID-19 pandemic has reduced the opportunities
for blood drives at companies and schools, resulting in profoundly problematic blood shortages. To help the many people who need blood transfusions, AEON MALL enhanced its intake of blood drives from malls that had reopened
after temporary closures in the April 2020 declaration of emergency. From the following May to June, we received blood from 45,123 donors across 121 malls.
AEON MALL Natori (Miyagi Prefecture)
 2021 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT 54