Value Creation StrategiesPursuing ESG-Based Management
ESG Initiatives
Environment
AEON Hometown Forest Project
The AEON Group regards the AEON Hometown Forest Project tree planting initiative, launched in 1991 in Malaysia, as an activity to embody a philosophy centered on pursuing peace, respecting humanity, and contributing
to local communities, always from the customer’s point
of view. Every time a new mall is opened in Japan or overseas, AEON hosts a tree planting ceremony, working with customers to plant native trees most appropriate for the local natural environment. In fiscal 2020, we held the event on a reduced scale at AEON MALL Ageo (Saitama Prefecture) and AEON MALL Shinrifu South Wing (Miyagi Prefecture). In all, 53,948 trees were planted in Japan and
overseas. As of the end of February 2021, the AEON Group has planted a total of nearly 12.23 million trees.
       Ecological Surveys in Surrounding Areas
We conducted an ecological survey of the AEON Hometown Forest at AEON MALL Kurashiki (Okayama Prefecture), which opened in 1999, and THE OUTLETS HIROSHIMA (Hiroshima Prefecture), which opened in 2018. As a result, we confirmed that the forests have grown over time to provide homes for a wide variety of plants and animals, playing important roles as part of local ecosystems.
Accomplishments (Highlights)
Planting
We controlled invasive and increasing non-native plants by planting a high density of evergreen saplings modeled after local natural forests. We confirmed a diversity of
213 plant species at AEON MALL Kurashiki (Okayama Prefecture) 20 years after first planting. About 40% of the plant species are common with those in the natural forest, which is an even higher ratio than in general green spaces in urban areas.
Birds/Butterflies
Forests play a variety of roles, including habitats for grassland and arboreal birds, migration routes, feeding grounds, and breeding grounds for local butterflies. As our forests grow, they become a part of the network con- necting nature in local communities.
      55 2021 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT
    Value Creation Story
Environmental Initiatives Overseas
China: Careful waste separation according to instruction manuals
Since the opening of our first mall in China in 2008, we have emphasized waste management. In response to stricter laws on waste separation in China in 2019, we created an instruction manual to manage waste on an even stricter basis. We opened AEON MALL Qingdao Xihaian Xinqu (China) in November 2019. Every month, this mall conducts training for tenants and persons responsible for the mall’s waste storage area. Waste is sorted according to our manual, which has been highly praised by the Qingdao City government. We will roll this manual out to other malls in the future.
Vietnam: Communicating importance of recycling
In cooperation with NGOs that contribute widely to
the environment, we conduct educational activities to communicate the importance of recycling. In addition to showing videos encouraging the separation of waste inside
malls, we offer special benefits to customers who bring their own eco-bags. We also hold training sessions for tenants to reduce the amount of waste, and we reward stores that demonstrate successful results. Our efforts to manage waste across entire mall facilities include considerations of direct tie-ups with recycling companies to ensure collected waste is reused.
Cambodia: Supporting education through recycling
Since 2014, we have been providing cardboard and waste plastic to NGOs, using profits from the sale of recycled products to support the education of Cambodian children. In addition to recycling, we educate tenants and mall employees on environmental conservation and hygiene management, as well as waste separation. To reduce the amount of waste plastic, our Cambodian headquarters distributes drink tumblers to mall employees, contributing to a reduction of environmental impact.
Value Creation Strategies
Acquisition of FSC® Project Certification (Overall Certification)
Value Creation Management
certification is based on the principles of the Forest Stewardship Council®, an international forest management certification NGO. This recognition certifies that the building was constructed using responsibly procured FSC-certified wood from properly managed forests. The Mokuiku Plaza is a children’s playground that incorporates a large amount of wood from Miyagi Prefecture. All of the cedar and Nara wood used is FSC certified.
Financial Information/ Company Overview
  In January 2021, Mokuiku Plaza of AEON MALL Shinrifu South Building (Miyagi Prefecture) became the first large- scale commercial facility to acquire FSC® Project Certification (Overall Certification) (FSC® P001850). The FSC® P001850
Plastic Elimination Initiatives
To create sustainable malls and protect the global environment, we stopped providing plastic straws at restaurants in all malls (except for some restaurants).
Forest
Forest Management (FM) Certification
Sawmill
Factory
Processing
Buildings
FSC Project Certification
 Responsible Procurement
For customers who wish to use straws, we provide environmentally friendly alternatives, such as paper straws, to reduce the use of plastic.
2021 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT 56