Value Creation StrategiesPursuing ESG-Based Management
ESG Initiatives
Diversity and Work-style Reform
    Human Resources Policy
Human resources are the most important management resources for sustainable growth. Based on this policy, we pursue growth strategies by investing in our human resources, aiming to be a company that fosters diverse human resources who are healthy and have the opportunity to exercise
their talents. In response to advancing globalization and digitalization of business, we commit ourselves to creating new value by transforming our education system from a traditional single-track specialist education to a double-track
Improving Employee Motivation
We measure employee job satisfaction in terms of comfort in the workplace and the chance to perform rewarding work. Our basic policy in cultivating human resources is to encourage employees to develop their own careers. Under this policy, we provide many opportunities for employees to learn and challenge themselves, including various training and education programs according to position and level of
Achieving Diversity
Diverse human resources are necessary to implement our policy that the customer comes first. This is because a diverse range of customers come to our malls. Creative ideas are born through the active exchange of opinions from diverse points of view. Many highly motivated female employees pursue higher positions within our organization.
generalist and specialist education. We will use the power of diverse human resources in areas such as systems, digital, finance, and HR. We pursue diversity management to create new business models to adapt to the changes in society and the diversification of employee needs. This management style allows a diverse base of human resources to exercise their talents. At the same time, we are developing various human resources training and education programs to support human resources development.
growth. In this way, we spur employee motivation and desire to grow, which is the driving force for career advancement.
In addition to promotion tests, we have a self-reporting system that allows employees to express their career aspirations to the company. We believe this system provides fair opportunities regardless of age, gender, or nationality, and enables us to hire and promote talented people.
We provide flexible options to enable all to work flexibly, regardless of gender or life-stage changes, including child rearing or aging parent care. We are building a foundation for comfortable work environments upon which employees can develop their careers.
Cultivating Global Human Resources
Our basic policy for operating malls overseas is to delegate the operation to local staff members who have a deep understanding of our philosophy. We focus on the education of human resources in each country. We are also active in promoting local staff members to management positions.
Currently, 11 malls have local staff members serving as general managers (GM) who are responsible for the malls. In Cambodia, we strive to instill in our employees the
philosophy that the customer comes first. We also teach cleanliness, safety, and various other factors that create customer loyalty. Employees grow through various training programs, using the knowledge and experience they have acquired to create malls that are supported by the local
community.
In China, training programs are held periodically for
local staff to improve their careers. In addition to offering unified programs throughout China, we also provide
training in each area, expanding the best practices to
other malls. Further, we strive to increase motivation by focusing on cultivating human resources through short-term assignments to Japan, as well as through the adoption of an employee performance evaluation system.
We create opportunities for our Japanese employees to gain experience overseas. We believe that the experience of working with local staff gives Japanese employees the chance to grow and develop in their own careers.
57 2021 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT
    Value Creation Story
Value Creation Strategies
Pursuing Work-Life Balance
Supporting Diverse Work Styles According to Different Life Stages
Value Creation Management
Financial Information/ Company OverviewAEON MALL offers flexible work styles for employees according to various life stages, including marriage, childbirth, childcare, and nursing care for loved ones at home. It is sometimes said that a balance between job satisfaction and productivity is a contradiction. Further, job satisfaction is determined by comfort in the workplace and rewarding work. These elements cannot be providedunilaterally by the company, but are created by the company and employees striving together. It is important that employees aim for independent work styles on their own, while supervisors provide guidance and development for employees demonstrating this ambition. We pursue work-life balance based on this concept.Encouraging Childcare Leave
To support employees in balancing work with childbirth and childcare, AEON MALL has established various systems to create a workplace environment that encourages the use of childcare leave. In FY2020, 52 employees (including 23 male employees) took childcare leave. We also encourage the active participation of men in childcare.
Ikubos Support Fund System
We have introduced our own Ikubos Support Fund System to provide financial assistance during childcare leave. To support work and family life balance, as well as to encourage Ikubos (bosses who are raising children) individuals who are the primary breadwinners of their families, we provide assistance payments to employees who take childcare leave and who have child dependents registered under their health insurance. We offer a three- month eligible period, beginning the first day of childcare leave, ensuring 80% of the employee’s regular wage by paying the difference on top of the employment insurance compensation (for childcare leave; equivalent to 67% of monthly pay).
Expansion of Aeon Yume-Mirai Nursery Schools
As part of our
efforts to create an
environment where
people of child
rearing age can
continue to work
with confidence, we
opened the Aeon
Yume-Mirai Nursery School, an on-site nursery available
to employees of AEON Group companies, specialty store tenants, and local community residents. Tenants hire staff members who are balancing work and childcare, and we support them in creating a work-friendly atmosphere for their employees for long-term employment. We create opportunities for children to grow both mentally and physically through events and activities based on the local community that are not affected by weather and that can be held only at a mall-based daycare center. The AEON Group operates 31 nursery schools, 21 of which are operated by AEON MALL commercial facilities (as of end of Feb, 2021).
 Providing a More Comfortable Work Environment for All Employees
Improving Work Environments for Employees
of Specialty Store Tenants
As the shortage of human resources has become a social issue, we believe that it is our responsibility as a developer to enhance ES (Employee Satisfaction) by creating
an exceptional working environment that encourages employees of our specialty store tenants to stay longer-
term. In addition to separate convenience stores and powder rooms, our employee break rooms are equipped with free massage chairs, creating and providing an environment where employees can relax mentally and physically. In addition, we roll out the best examples of ES improvement measures to other malls.
2021 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT 58