                                                        SECOM REPORT
2020
Year ended March 31, 2020
        
 Profile
Established in 1962, SECOM is recognized as Japan’s first security services provider. Since then, the Company has strived to create services and systems that deliver safety and peace of mind, as well as make life more comfortable and convenient, whenever and wherever necessary, for anyone and everyone, and has pushed forward with efforts to realize its Social System Industry vision, which describes a framework of distinctive, integrated services and systems. Today, the business portfolio of SECOM, which comprises the parent company and the companies of the SECOM Group, encom- passes security services, fire protection services, medical services, insurance services, geospatial information services, business process outsourcing and information and communications technology (BPO and ICT) services, and real estate and other services.
To accelerate the realization of its Social System Industry vision, in May 2017 SECOM formulated the SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030. Guided by this vision, the Group is working to create the ANSHIN* Platform, a service infrastructure designed to provide peace of mind to people in their everyday lives, as well as to society as a whole. Through such efforts, we continue striving to grow together with society.
SECOM has also expanded outside Japan. Currently active in 17 countries and territories, the Group works to provide distinctively SECOM security services, fire protection services, medical services, geospatial information services, and BPO and ICT services customized to reflect local needs and sensibilities.
 *ANSHIN is Japanese for “peace of mind.”
Contents
 1 Corporate Philosophy
2 Financial Highlights 57
4 A Message to Shareholders 62
12 The Path to Value Creation 69 14 SECOM at a Glance 73 16 The Value Creation Process 77
18 SECOM’s Core Competitive Advantages
19 The SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030
23 Initiatives Aimed at Achieving the Goals of the SECOM Group Road Map 2022
24 SECOM Today
39 Sustainability
40 ESG Initiatives
56 SASB Index
Financial Review
Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Financial Data
Corporate Information
Regarding Publication of SECOM Report 2020
Financial Information and References
            SECOM REPORT 2020
       
  Corporate Philosophy
Mission
Vision
Values
The Social System Industry
Mission
Our role and raison d’être
We see our mission as being to help achieve a society free from concerns. Accordingly, throughout our history we have sought to create services and systems that benefit society as a whole.
Vision
Our ideal view of SECOM in the future
In 1989, we declared our commitment to the Social System Industry.
We continue to promote bold initiatives with the aim of realizing this vision.
Values
Our shared beliefs and guiding principles
Since our establishment, we have adhered to SECOM’s Philosophy, which emphasizes contributing to society through our business activities. Ideas and principles of conduct, including this philosophy, which are shared by all employees, guide everything we do and have nurtured a uniquely SECOM identity that remains crucial to our ability to achieve our mission.
              Our Social System Industry vision describes a framework of innovative and integrated services and systems that deliver safety, peace of mind, comfort and convenience.
SECOM’s Philosophy
SECOM’s Philosophy has been passed down through generations of employees since our establishment and continues to be the driving force behind all we do. This philosophy emphasizes a refusal to be content with the status quo and a commitment to doing what is appropriate. The first element expresses our determination to provide innovative services and systems by challenging accepted norms, while the second means judging the legitimacy of our actions by examining whether they are just, fair and beneficial not only to SECOM but to society as a whole. We have published SECOM’s Philosophy in the form of a handbook, which has been distributed to employees in Japan and overseas, and continue to capitalize on training and other opportunities to share the philosophy and advance its implementation.
                SECOM REPORT 2020 1
     
Financial Highlights
 U.S. GAAP
SECOM CO., LTD. and Subsidiaries For the years ended/as of March 31
Net sales and operating revenue
Operating income
Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. Total assets
Total SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity
Per share of common stock:
Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. Cash dividends
(Interim dividend)
SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity
In millions of yen Years ended March 31
In thousands of U.S. dollars Year ended March 31
2020
In U.S. dollars
    2020
2019
¥1,111,600 123,711 89,686 1,879,710 1,044,184
2018
¥1,082,792 140,111 96,623 1,838,945 1,000,277
  ¥1,160,707
130,564
87,136
2,081,120
1,088,738
   $10,648,688
1,197,835
799,413
19,092,843
9,988,423
        2 SECOM REPORT 2020
¥ 399.23
170.00
85.00
4,988.25
¥
410.91 160.00 80.00 4,784.12
¥
In yen
442.70 150.00 75.00 4,582.96
$ 3.66
1.56
0.78
45.76
   Notes: 1. Yen amounts have been translated into U.S. dollars, solely for the convenience of the reader, at the approximate rate of ¥109=US$1, the rate prevailing on the Tokyo Foreign Exchange Market on March 31, 2020.
 Note:
In the year ended March 31, 2020, net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD., decreased ¥2.6 billion, to ¥87.1 billion, despite operating income growth led by the fire protection services segment. This was primarily due to a loss on private equity investments, compared with a gain on such investments in the previous fiscal year, and an increase in income taxes that reflected a larger reversal of the valuation allowance in the preceding period.
In the year ended March 31, 2019, net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD., was down ¥6.9 billion, to ¥89.7 billion. Principal factors contributing to this result included the application of a new accounting standard whereby gains or losses on equity investments are now charged to income for the period, which resulted in an increase in loss on other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities; investments to reinforce SECOM’s operating foundation with the aim of ensuring sustainable growth; and the impact of multiple major natural disasters on results in the insurance services segment.
In the year ended March 31, 2018, net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD., advanced ¥5.2 billion, to ¥96.6 billion. This result was attributable to higher operating income in six segments, including security services.
2. Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. per share of common stock is based on the average number of shares outstanding during each period, less treasury stock.
3. SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity per share of common stock is based on the number of shares outstanding at the end of each period, less treasury stock.
4. Cash dividends per share of common stock are based on dividends approved and paid in each fiscal year. At the general shareholders’ meeting held on June 25, 2020, approval was granted for a proposal to pay a year-end dividend of ¥85.00 for the year ended March 31, 2020.
Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. (U.S. GAAP) (In billions of yen)
100
80 60 40 20
0
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
96.6
  91.4
 89.7
 84.1
87.1
 80.2

Pursuant to the applicable Japanese law, SECOM is required to publish results in line with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (Japanese GAAP). Key financial highlights calculated using Japanese GAAP are shown below for reference.
 Japanese GAAP
SECOM CO., LTD. and Subsidiaries For the years ended/as of March 31
Revenue
Operating profit
Ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent Total assets
Total net assets
Per share of common stock:
Net income Cash dividends
(Interim dividend) Net assets
In millions of yen Years ended March 31
In thousands of U.S. dollars Year ended March 31
2020
In U.S. dollars
    2020
2019
¥1,013,823 130,213 144,889 92,009 1,765,105 1,125,954
2018
¥ 970,624 135,448 144,318 86,993 1,715,123 1,081,213
 ¥1,060,070
142,858
151,356
89,080
1,815,121
1,172,494
 $ 9,725,413
1,310,624
1,388,587
817,248
16,652,486
10,756,826
        ¥ 408.14
170.00
85.00
4,742.58
¥
421.56 165.00 80.00 4,562.08
¥
In yen
398.58 155.00 75.00 4,364.63
$ 3.74
 Note: Cash dividends per share of common stock are based on dividends the record dates for which fall in each fiscal year. The consolidated dividend payout ratio for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, was 41.7%.
Net income attributable to
owners of the parent (Japanese GAAP) (In billions of yen)
100
80 60 40 20
0
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
SECOM REPORT 2020 3
1.56
0.78
43.51
  92.0
  84.2
87.0
89.1
  75.4
77.0

 A Message to Shareholders
We remain committed to developing and providing high-value-added services that anticipate social change and enhancing productivity and profitability across the SECOM Group with the aim of growing together with society.
 Consolidated operating results
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the Japanese economy remained on a moderate upswing, underpinned by favorable corporate earnings and improved employment levels. Nonetheless, uncertainties persisted regarding the trade war between the United States and the People’s Republic of China (PRC), fluctuations in global financial and capital markets, and the impact of natural disasters and an increase in Japan’s consumption tax rate. In recent months, the COVID-19 pandemic has further complicated the situation, inflicting significant damage on economies across the globe.
Against this backdrop, we pressed forward with ongoing efforts to realize our Social System Industry vision, in line with our goal of providing safety and peace of mind, as well as making life more comfortable and convenient, whenever and wherever necessary, for anyone and everyone. We continued to concentrate on extending high-grade services and systems optimized to meet the increasingly diverse and sophisticated needs of customers in our security services, fire protection services, medical services, insurance services,
Enhancing returns to shareholders
Seeing the provision of fair returns to shareholders as a crucial management task, we determine our consolidated dividend payout ratio and internal reserves based on an overall assessment of efforts to expand our businesses and trends in our consolidated operating performance,
in line with our policy of ensuring a consistent and stable
geospatial information services, BPO and ICT services, and real estate and other services businesses. Thanks to increases in all segments, consolidated net sales and operating
revenue in the period under review advanced 4.4%, or
¥49.1 billion, to ¥1,160.7 billion. Despite the impact of forward-looking investments to reinforce the Company’s operating foundation with the aim of ensuring sustainable growth, operating income rose 5.5%, or ¥6.9 billion, to ¥130.6 billion, bolstered by operating income growth in
the fire protection services, BPO and ICT services, geospatial information services, real estate and other services, and medical services segments, as well as by a smaller operating loss in the insurance services segment. Nonetheless, owing to a ¥139 million loss on private equity investments, compared with a ¥4.7 billion gain on such investments in the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2019, together with an increase in income taxes that reflected a larger reversal of the valuation allowance in the preceding period, net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD., decreased 2.8%, or ¥2.6 billion, to ¥87.1 billion.
distribution of profits. At the Ordinary General Meeting
of Shareholders on June 25, 2020, the payment of a year- end dividend of ¥85.00 per share was approved. As a consequence, dividends for the full term—the record dates for which fall in the period under review—amounted to ¥170.00, up ¥5.00 from the previous fiscal year.
   4 SECOM REPORT 2020
   
  Our mission and SECOM’s Philosophy
We see our mission as helping to achieve a society free from concerns. Guiding our efforts to fulfill this mission
are SECOM’s Philosophy, which has been handed down since our establishment and provides an essential spiritual anchor for Group employees and the entire SECOM Group, and the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct, which governs the actions of employees around the world. SECOM’s Philosophy emphasizes a refusal to be content with the status quo and a commitment to doing what is appropriate. The first element of the philosophy expresses our determination to offer innovative services and systems by challenging accepted norms, while the second calls for judging the legitimacy of our actions by examining whether they are just, fair and beneficial not only to SECOM but to
society as a whole. The SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct is a compilation of standards developed based on business management know-how accumulated through interaction with a diverse range of customers over our history that must be observed by all SECOM Group employees regardless of job or rank.
By encouraging awareness of SECOM’s Philosophy and adherence to the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct, we continue striving to foster a corporate climate and culture, as well as to motivate employees and encourage them to approach their jobs in a manner that is consistent with our commitment to doing what is appropriate. Through such efforts, we aim to ensure our ability to grow together with society and further enhance our corporate value.
  Megatrends, the evolution of social imperatives and initiatives to promote future growth
 Megatrends such as demographic change, technological evolution, increasingly severe environmental issues, and
the shift of the global economic center and urbanization continue to drive the evolution of social imperatives, as well as to amplify uncertainties in our operating environment. Accordingly, we are working to create the ANSHIN Platform, a service infrastructure designed to provide services that deliver seamless peace of mind to anyone and everyone, whenever and wherever necessary, guided by the SECOM Group’s
Vision for 2030, which is to be a company that is capable of delivering enduring peace of mind in an ever-changing society by keeping abreast or where possible ahead of the times. In May 2018, we devised the SECOM Group Road Map 2022 to clarify the principal challenges we must address by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, to achieve this vision, namely, technological advances and a declining labor force.
The SECOM Group Road Map 2022 calls for focused, forward-looking investments in systems and human resources, that is, in initiatives aimed at leveraging advanced technologies and ensuring SECOM remains the choice of
promising human resources in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, with the resulting increase in costs and expenses expected to have an impact on income of approximately ¥10 billion annually.
Investment in systems centers on building next-generation security service core systems, as well as on introducing artifi- cial intelligence (AI), the Internet of Things (IoT) and robotic process automation (RPA). By developing new systems through such investments, we will seek to boost operational quality and efficiency, as well as to improve capital efficiency. At the same time, we are also pursuing a strategy of collabo- ration, which emphasizes working with partner companies who share our philosophy. Initiatives such as SECOM Open Lab enable us to capitalize on proposals for technological development and business collaboration from partner com- panies in Japan and overseas in the development of various SECOM products and services. In December 2019, we estab- lished the SECOM DESIGN FACTORY brand, which will be used for collaborative projects that seek to accelerate growth and the creation of customer and social value.
SECOM REPORT 2020 5

 A Message to Shareholders
Investments in human resources centers on active efforts to secure individuals with the high-level technical skills necessary to work in IT, which will be key to our future growth, as well as individuals with the skills necessary to propel the expansion of our overseas businesses. We are also investing to reinforce
our recruitment of frontline staff, as well as to raise employee satisfaction, including through the creation of positive work environments, to bolster our competitiveness in the security services and other businesses.
 Initiatives in the period under review and ongoing investments in growth
 To achieve the goals of the SECOM Group Road Map 2022, we continue to actively take advantage of new technologies and know-how to create and provide high-value-added services. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, our efforts centered on expanding remote monitoring services that assist with care for seniors living alone, reinforcing our BPO and ICT services business, strengthening our overseas operations and improving productivity, making significant strides on all four fronts.
Recognizing that needs for assistance with care for seniors living alone vary depending on age group and family structure, we added a number of new selections to our lineup of remote monitoring services. In addition to our mainstay SECOM
Home Security and SECOM My Doctor Watch, available as
an option to SECOM Home Security subscribers, we began offering the SECOM Senior Care Phone Service, an emergency monitoring service that combines emergency medical alert, health consultation and safety confirmation functions, and Mago Channel with SECOM, a new service that encourages communication with parents living apart while providing unstructured monitoring. Looking ahead, we will further cultivate demand from individual subscribers by creating and introducing innovative services that make use of domestic and overseas technologies.
To reinforce our BPO and ICT services business, we actively proposed such services to security services subscribers in line with our abiding resolve to extend distinctly SECOM services that deliver safety and peace of mind. With the increased use of advanced digital technologies and cloud-based services— as evidenced by, for example, the financial services industry’s
expanded use of financial technology (“fintech”), which utilizes AI, IoT and other information technologies (IT)— we sought to enhance our services to accommodate increasingly diverse data center needs. To this end,
we opened new data centers in Japan’s Kansai region. Anticipating that many companies will accelerate efforts to make use of cloud-based and other external systems, we also resolved to enlarge our data center in Tokyo, with new facilities scheduled to come online in 2025. We will continue to expand our data center business, recognizing the importance of disaster-resistant data centers as key components of a robust, resilient social infrastructure.
As Japan’s labor force continues to decline, the need to realize meaningful work style reforms and improve employee productivity will remain common themes for companies in all industries. Against this backdrop, we expect our BPO services business to continue seeing stable growth. Accordingly, we are stepping up the use of advanced technologies with the objective of offering distinctively SECOM BPO services that deliver safety and peace of mind and in so doing respond
to demand arising from the need to rely on others, helping customers implement work style reforms and address the challenges of a shrinking labor force.
Unlike in Japan, the population of which is expected to continue shrinking, we expect our businesses in overseas markets to see high growth. We are thus taking strategic steps to strengthen our overseas operations with the goal of boosting business in overseas markets to 10% of consolidated revenue, up from the current level of approximately 4%. The
6 SECOM REPORT 2020

 first of these was to launch projects in the PRC and Thailand aimed at developing systems suited to local needs that incorporate advanced technologies. In the PRC, we established an innovation center in Shanghai where young employees
play a central role in advancing the creation of new services, working in collaboration with local companies. In Thailand,
we launched home security services and are formulating growth strategies based on meticulous market research. Going forward, we will explore ways to effectively apply know-
how gained through these projects to efforts to expand our operations in other countries and territories.
To improve productivity, we are advancing initiatives that reflect our belief that for SECOM digital transformation (DX) means leveraging data and digital technologies to resolve issues challenging companies and society at large. These include capitalizing on AI and fifth-generation (5G) mobile communications technologies to increase customer value and promote the active development and provision of innovative services and products that enhance the efficiency of frontline business processes. We are also introducing programs that make use of virtual reality (VR) technologies into in-house training for frontline staff to improve safety and skills.
Thriving in a new normal
We continue to operate in an environment rocked by the evolution of social imperatives, driven by megatrends and increasing uncertainties. Conditions have been further complicated by COVID-19, which has brought fundamental changes to society, including business practices, consumer behavior and work styles. With many of these changes likely to remain even after the pandemic has eased, companies must respond effectively to survive and thrive in what is emerging as a “new normal.”
Because our business portfolio is dominated by on-line security systems and other recurring revenue–based businesses, the impact of COVID-19 on revenue over
the short term has been relatively minor. We have also
On another front, we are advancing the use of digital tools by upgrading our administrative IT systems and reviewing diverse business processes to raise operating efficiency and optimize costs. We have formulated an investment and execution plan under which we are gradually introducing new systems and achieving greater operational efficiency. This effort is spearheaded by our newly integrated and fortified corporate headquarters’ information systems department. Reviews of business processes are conducted
by managers in each department, who are tasked with identifying issues and taking ownership thereof, thereby improving employee awareness.
We are also working to improve productivity in the administration of SECOM Group companies. Having established solid communications with individual CEOs and managers, we are promoting the delegation of authority for day-to-day management, respecting each company’s strategies while facilitating agile, effective management
of the Group as a whole. In addition, we are promoting personnel exchanges within the SECOM Group and other initiatives aimed at strengthening efforts to improve Groupwide competitiveness.
succeeded in minimizing the impact on our provision
of services. That said, the current crisis has given us a renewed awareness and we have embarked on a review of measures implemented with the aim of achieving further improvements. For example, our sales efforts center on face-to-face interaction and close personal attention to customers; however, once a state of emergency had been declared in Japan we had no choice but to refrain from face-to-face contact. This experience has prompted us to seek ways to create an even more stable business model by promoting the development of products that do not rely on face-to-face sales and building an organized, proposal-based sales configuration that makes effective use of IT. We are also
  SECOM REPORT 2020 7

 A Message to Shareholders
leveraging experience gained through the promotion of teleworking and efforts to upgrade and further digitize our administrative IT system.
At the same time, new business practices and consumer behavior are creating new market needs and opportunities for us to contribute to society. For example, the need for security for offices has risen, owing to increases in the number of hours during which offices are empty or only minimally staffed because of efforts to rotate work schedules and disperse staff over multiple locations. In addition, with
a greater number of around-the-clock convenience stores shifting to shorter working hours, needs for security systems with monitoring for intruders, refrigerated storage malfunc- tions and fires is outpacing that for security systems designed for stores that are always open, which center on emergency alerts and surveillance cameras. Given the higher risk of infection with cash, cashless payment is becoming more widely accepted, another trend that we must address.
In the market for home security services, requests that people refrain from traveling and other factors made it difficult to visit parents and other family members living apart, underpinning rising demand for services that assist with care for seniors living alone. With more people working at home and attending online classes, we anticipate greater demand for more functional home security, as well as new demand for services that facilitate the secure online ordering, delivery and receipt of food and other daily necessities.
In the area of BPO and ICT services, we are seeing growing demand for contact center services. In addition, the growing prevalence of telework is driving up needs for
cloud-based services that ensure safe and secure operations. These include employee attendance management and safety confirmation services, services that fortify information security and services that facilitate the digitization of documentation.
In medical services, we saw the launch of online diagnostics, an idea that had somewhat stalled for several years. We expect the expansion of telemedicine using advanced ICT to contribute substantially to society in the years ahead.
Although many measures implemented in recent months were initially designed to curb the spread of COVID-
19, recognition of the practicality and efficiency of new work arrangements has grown thanks to rapid advances
in digitization and the use of ICT. This trend underscores expectations that new forms of economic and social activity and new lifestyles will emerge and represents the seed of a wave of significant social change that has overtaken us in recent months.
Major disasters such as the COVID-19 pandemic can cause anxiety and distress for homes, individuals, companies and society as a whole, driving a desire for greater safety and peace of mind. Our business is built on the commitment and efforts of each and every SECOM employee to remain close to our customers and provide services that respond to their needs, an approach that continues to earn customers’ trust. We believe that we have a mission and a responsibility to stand at the forefront of this wave and play a vital part in promoting social change.
 Promoting environmental, social and governance (ESG)–related initiatives
 Since our establishment, we have sought to fulfill our responsibility to society through our business activities, acknowledging the importance of sustainability for ourselves and for society. The key to our efforts to further enhance corporate value is having human resources who
are committed to delivering satisfaction and inspiration that exceed customers’ expectations. To bolster employees’ motivation, we endeavor to encourage a managerial mind- set, that is, to foster employees who understand our mission and are capable of forming judgments and acting
8 SECOM REPORT 2020

 independently. To this end, we seek to maximize employees’ capabilities and encourage them to fulfill their potential by creating a virtuous circle rooted in employee job satisfaction and stepping up the promotion of initiatives in line with our Tri-ion initiative, which seeks to ensure that SECOM’s Philosophy fully penetrates every aspect of our operations.
Our core business is security services. As such, we recognize the importance of governance, of each and every employee discharging his or her duties in good faith and
in keeping with the spirit of related laws. We thus view compliance as an integral component of our day-to-day operations. All employees are required to act in accordance with the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct and the Behavioral Guidelines Based on SECOM’s Philosophy and to ensure compliance. Maintaining confidentiality is also critical to the provision of security services. We have established
a policy and rules for the handling of various types of information that are applicable to all SECOM employees and promote the scrupulous protection of data and information. We work actively to reinforce our corporate governance system, recognizing that a robust configuration is crucial for related measures to have teeth. We are also taking steps
to increase the diversity and effectiveness of our Board of Directors, including appointing a female outside director.
We believe that protecting the environment is essential
to our ability to attain our goal of delivering security and supporting comfortable lifestyles. We thus incorporate envi- ronmental conservation into all of our business activities. For example, because we provide on-line security system equip- ment to security services subscribers on a rental basis, we are able to collect all installed equipment after use, recycle what can be repaired and reused, and appropriately dispose of what cannot, a zero–resource waste business model that dates back half a century. In our security services business, which uses a significant number of service vehicles, we largely completed the planned introduction of fuel-efficient vehicles. Going forward, we will upgrade to next-generation fuel-efficient vehicles with a reduced environmental impact. In our data center business, which uses a considerable amount of electric power, we have set medium- and
long-term targets for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. These initiatives earned designation by the Tokyo prefectural government as a business demonstrating particu- lar excellence in the implementation of initiatives to counter global warming. Seeking to further our goal of helping to achieve sustainability for society, in July 2019 we announced our support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), pledging to adhere to the TCFD’s framework for companies to disclose the financial impacts of climate changes on their businesses.
Our day-to-day business activities, into which we incorporate consideration for the expansion of business opportunities and the reduction of business risks, are structured to both facilitate sustainable growth and resolve ESG-related issues. To phrase it another way, we believe
that increasing corporate value by expanding our business activities directly improves our ability to address ESG-
related issues, which in turn enables us to contribute to the achievement of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
In line with our basic policy of contributing to society through our business activities, and the fact that judging our actions are beneficial to society is the foundation of everything we do, we are committed to providing services and conducting our operations in a manner that helps realize a safe and secure society to pass down to our children and grandchildren. These efforts have earned solid marks, evidenced by the fact that SECOM has been selected as a constituent of all four ESG investment indices for Japanese equities used by Japan’s Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF).* Looking ahead, we will continue working to enhance our provision of ESG- and sustainability- related information to our diverse stakeholders.
* The four indexes used by the GPIF are the FTSE Blossom Japan Index, the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index, the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN) and the S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index.
SECOM REPORT 2020 9

 A Message to Shareholders
 The challenge of creating new value
Operating in an environment characterized by significant upheaval, dramatic change and rising uncertainty, compounded by the unpredictable impact of COVID-19 on global economic and business conditions, we will continue working to extend services that deliver seamless peace of mind. To fulfil this mission, ongoing investment will be critical. During the investment phase of the SECOM Group Road Map 2022, we actively promoted focused investment in systems and human resources. Currently, we have a number of promising potential investments under consideration. Accordingly, beginning in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, we will explore priorities while continuing to promote investments in efforts to reinforce our operating foundation, as well as in growth. This will require us to secure sufficient capital assets.
We will continue working to improve corporate value by adhering to SECOM’s Philosophy with the aim of responding to the expectations of our shareholders by maintaining a stable dividend payout ratio of between 40% and 45%,
as set forth in the SECOM Group Road Map for 2022. In promoting such initiatives, we will remain aware of our ultimate goals of achieving the SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030 and realizing a society free from concerns by tirelessly pursuing innovation in our services.
The Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020 have officially been rescheduled and will now begin on July 23, 2021. We are committed to preparing ourselves even better to contribute to the success of the games next year.
We look forward to the ongoing support and guidance of shareholders in all of our endeavors to expand and enhance the operations of the SECOM Group.
                 10 SECOM REPORT 2020
Makoto Iida
Founder
June 25, 2020
Yasuo Nakayama
Chairman and Representative Director
Ichiro Ozeki
President and Representative Director

  Responding to COVID-19
An effective crisis management system that protects customers and employees
We extend our deepest sympathies to everyone who has been affected by the COVID-19 crisis and our gratitude to medical professionals and others who are working at considerable danger to themselves to help curb the spread of the pandemic.
The Basic Policies for Novel Coronavirus Disease Control published by Japan’s government designates our medical, security, building maintenance, data center and insurance services, among others, as social infrastructure necessary for safety and security and requested their continuation even while the country was under a state of emergency. Against this backdrop, we believe that the greatest contribution we can make to society is to do our utmost to maintain services at the maximum level possible while keeping the number of clerical staff and sales people working onsite to the minimum level necessary. In addition, the doctors, nurses and other staff at our 20 partner hospitals in Japan and Sakra World Hospital in India are among the many medical professionals who continue to work in extremely harsh conditions around the world to treat patients and suppress transmission.
In response to the spread of COVID-19, in March 2020 we established a COVID-19 headquarters and immediately put in place a number of measures, including taking employees’ temperatures before they began work, mandating gargling and the wearing of masks, installing alcohol-based hand sanitizer stations, staggering commutes and introducing telework.
We have also created a Groupwide framework for ensuring business continuity under a state of emergency and taking necessary measures to help prevent the further spread of infection, including conducting daily employee health checks and further expanding use of telework arrangements, placing our highest priority on ensuring the safety of our customers and our employees.
In our International Business Division and at our overseas subsidiaries, we have established the COVID-19 Risk Response Committee with the aim of protecting the health of overseas employees, maintaining business continuity and helping prevent the further spread of infection. To ensure the safety of employees from Japan assigned to overseas posts, we actively gather information on the spread of the pandemic in each country and territory, including local government measures. Where necessary, we allow these individuals to return to Japan temporarily, providing support for them during mandatory quarantine when they enter the country and ensuring they have access to the necessary medical care. To ensure business continuity overseas, we have identified critical operations and formulated business continuity plans (BCPs) tailored to the risk level in each location. To date, this has enabled us to maintain uninterrupted services.
Although Japan’s state of emergency has been lifted, we continue to promote stringent measures to curb the spread of COVID-19 in compliance with government guidelines. These include reducing face-to-face contact as much as possible, providing services as appropriate given local conditions while not causing customers untoward trouble, in line with our abiding commitment to providing services that deliver safety and peace of mind and make life more comfortable and convenient.
SECOM REPORT 2020 11

 The Path to Value Creation
Established as Japan’s first security services company, SECOM has pioneered the creation of services that deliver safety and peace of mind. Going forward, we will continue to develop and provide innovative services and systems that accelerate the realization of our Social System Industry vision, an original concept unparalleled anywhere else in the world.
   Security services
  Overseas security services   Fire protection services
  Medical services
  Insurance services
  Geospatial information services   BPO and ICT services
  Real estate and other services
  BPO and ICT services
  1983 Begins providing information and communications-related services
  Fire protection services
  1974 Forms business alliance with Nohmi Bosai Kogyo Co., Ltd. (currently Nohmi Bosai Ltd.), Japan’s top provider of fire protection services
Overseas security services
  1978 Establishes joint venture Taiwan Secom Co., Ltd., in Taiwan, its first overseas market
    Security Services
 1962 Established as Japan’s first commercial security services provider
1962 1965
1970 1975
1980
1985 1990
Safety (“ANZEN”) industry
 1981
Introduces My Alarm (currently SECOM Home Security), Japan’s first home security system
 1981
Establishes joint venture Korea Security System Co., Ltd. (currently SI Corporation) in the Republic of Korea (ROK)
 1983
Changes name from
Nihon Keibi Hosho Co., Ltd. to SECOM CO., LTD.
 1985
Launches information security services
 1988
Establishes presence in Thailand
 1989
Declares 1989 the first year of the Social System Industry vision
               1962
Established as Nihon Keibi Hosho Co., Ltd. (name was later changed to SECOM CO., LTD.)
 1964
Provides security services at the Olympic Village during the first Tokyo Olympics
 1966
Develops SP Alarm, Japan’s first on-line security system
Security service industry
  1974
Lists on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
  1975
Commences operation of the world’s first computerized security system (CSS)
  1978
Moves up to the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
    12 SECOM REPORT 2020
Note: As indicated in the legend, this graph shows net sales and operating revenue for each fiscal year at the time of announcement. Figures have not been readjusted. However, data for periods up to and including the fiscal year ended November 30, 1977, is nonconsolidated revenue for SECOM CO., LTD., calculated using Japanese GAAP, while from the fiscal year ended November 30, 1978 through the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004, the Company reported “revenue and other income.” Owing to a change in the Company’s settlement date, the fiscal year ended March 31, 1990, was a transitional four-month period.
   
  Real estate and other services
  2000 Secom Home Life Co., Ltd. commences real estate development and sales Geospatial information services
  1999 Invests in Pasco Corporation, a leading provider of aerial surveying services Insurance services
  1998 Invests in Toyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (currently Secom General Insurance Co., Ltd.)
(In billions of yen)
1,200
1,000
800
600
400
200
0
(Net sales and operating revenue)
                                   Medical services
  1991 Begins providing visiting nurse services
                                                                                                                 1995
 1991
Establishes presence in the United Kingdom and Malaysia
2000
2005 2010
Social System Industry
  2001
Develops and releases COCO-SECOM mobile security systems
  2001
Launches MEDCOM, Japan’s first unrestricted cancer treatment policy
  2004
Introduces the SECOM AED Package Service
  2004
Launches SECOM Safety Confirmation Service
  2006
Acquires newly issued shares in Nohmi Bosai, which becomes a consolidated subsidiary
  2006
Establishes presence in Vietnam
  2007
Launches ground surveying services using synthetic aperture radar (SAR) satellite images
  2007
Commences operation of private finance initiative (PFI) correctional facility
2015 2020
  2011
Establishes presence in New Zealand
  2012
Acquires all outstanding shares in Nittan Co., Ltd., Japan’s third-largest fire protection services provider, making the company a consolidated subsidiary
  2012
Acquires At Tokyo Corporation, one of Japan’s leading data center services firm
  2014
Establishes presence in Myanmar
  2014
Opens Sakra World Hospital, a general hospital, in India
  2015
Acquires Asahi Security Co., Ltd., a leading provider of cash collection and delivery services, which becomes a consolidated subsidiary
  2017
Acquires BPO services firm TMJ, Inc.
  2019
Establishes presence in Turkey
      1992
Establishes presence in the PRC, Singapore and Australia
 1994
Establishes presence in Indonesia
 1994
Begins offering Japan’s first remote image diagnosis support service
 1996
Commences management of residences for seniors
 1998
Launches certification authority business
  2000
Establishes the Secure Data Center
 SECOM REPORT 2020 13

   SECOM at a Glance
             Percentage of Consolidated Net Sales and Operating Revenue
  Consolidated
net sales and operating revenue
¥1,160.7
billion
Security Services 49.7% Fire Protection Services 13.1% Medical Services 16.1% Insurance Services 3.8% Geospatial Information Services 4.6% BPO and ICT Services 8.4% Real Estate and Other Services 4.3%
Note: This pie chart shows percentage of consolidated net sales and operating revenue (excluding intersegment transactions) for the year ended March 31, 2020
14 SECOM REPORT 2020
Security Services
Fire Protection Services
Medical Services
   Principal operations
On-line security systems Static guard services Armored car services Merchandise and other
 Pages 24–29
Fire alarm systems
Fire extinguishing systems Maintenance services
 Pages 30–31
Home medical services Operation of residences for
seniors
Medical services that leverage ICT
Sales of medical equipment and pharmaceuticals
Support for affiliated medical institutions
 Pages 32–33
       Competitive advantages
Integrated approach to providing on-line security systems
Solid technological foundation made possible by proprietary research and development configuration
Nationwide network of 2,800 emergency depots, facilitating swift response in the event of an emergency and appropriate operational control
Rental format that minimizes initial costs for subscribers and enables SECOM to take responsibility for equipment maintenance and upkeep
Solid income foundation (attributable to stable recurring revenue) and robust customer base
Overseas operations centered on the provision of distinctively SECOM on-line security systems
Two Group companies with the largest and third-largest shares of the Japanese fire protection market
Comprehensive lineup of services that respond to a broad range of customer needs
Integrated service configuration encompassing R&D and planning, equipment design and production, installation and maintenance
Stable demand for equipment that complies with Japan’s Fire Service Act
Ability to extend renovation proposals that draw on a wealth of experience
Expertise in fire extinguishing systems for tunnels and other large- scale structures
Conviction that protecting health and life is the ultimate expression of the SECOM commitment to delivering safety and peace of mind
Experience and extensive know-how in the provision of diverse medical services
Strong collaboration with local communities aimed at realizing effective comprehensive community healthcare systems
ICT-based services that leverage expertise accumulated in the provision of medical services and SECOM’s management resources
    Principal Group companies*
SECOM CO., LTD.**
Secom Joshinetsu Co., Ltd.*** Asahi Security Co., Ltd., Secom plc
Nohmi Bosai Ltd.** Nittan Co., Ltd.
Secom Medical System Co., Ltd.
       
       Insurance Services
Geospatial Information Services
Services for public sector entities
Services for private sector entities
Services for overseas customers
 Page 35
Service configuration overseen by the leading company in Japan’s aerial surveying and geographic information system (GIS) markets
Ability to provide geospatial information based on geographic data collected by commercial satellites, aircraft, drones, vehicles and ships
Technological capabilities and expertise in the integration, processing and analysis of geographic and related data to provide geospatial information
Active efforts to cultivate new geospatial information services
BPO and ICT Services
Data center services Large-scale disaster
preparedness services Information security services Cloud-based services
BPO services
 Pages 36–37
Real Estate and Other Services
   Fire insurance policies Automobile insurance
policies
Cancer treatment policies
 Page 34
Real estate development and sales
Real estate leasing Construction and installation
services Home services
 Page 38
       Belief in the need for both security services, which are preventative by nature, and non-life insurance, which looks after people in the event of misfortune
Development and provision of unique policies that take into account the risk mitigating factors of on-line security systems
Development and provision of an automotive insurance policy that includes access to emergency response services
Development and provision of a cancer treatment policy that features full coverage for all treatment costs
Highly secure facilities and equip- ment and tailored support, as well as data center facilities boasting excellent connectivity that are among Japan’s largest
One of Japan’s leading disaster management support services
Seamless information security services encompassing the formulation of strategies, monitoring, implementation of countermeasures and restoration
ICT services that reflect technological prowess, operational capabilities and know-how that facilitates the construction and operation of network systems that leverage extensive experience in the provision of security services
Provision of high-grade contact center and other BPO services that deliver safety and peace of mind
Development and sale of condominiums that incorporate sophisticated SECOM security as standard features
Provision of lifestyle support services that deliver safety and security and make life more comfortable and convenient
   Secom General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Pasco Corporation**
Secom Trust Systems Co., Ltd. At Tokyo Corporation
TMJ, Inc.
Secom Home Life Co., Ltd.
           * For more information, please see pages 73–76.
** Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange *** Listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
SECOM REPORT 2020 15

 The Value Creation Process
We remain committed to providing enduring peace of mind by keeping abreast or where possible ahead of the times. By reinforcing our relationship with society and addressing increasingly diverse social imperatives, we continue working to maximize our corporate value and grow together with society.
SECOM Group Road Map 2022
           Megatrends
  Demographic change
  Technological evolution
  Increasingly severe environmental issues
  Shift of global economic center/urbanization (Growth of Asian economies)
    Social imperatives
 Crimes/accidents
Illness/aging
Cyber crimes
Natural disasters
      16 SECOM REPORT 2020
Megatrends continue to drive the evolution of social imperatives
  Business model based on the resolution of issues
Strategies for 2020
Business areas
Real estate and other services
  Expand services that assist with care for seniors   Reinforce BPO and ICT services business
  Strengthen overseas operations
  Improve productivity and promote related
investments
   Security services
ESG
Fire protection services
                                        BPO and ICT initiatives services
Medical services
                     Geospatial information services
Insurance services
  Management foundation and strengths
   Human Resources
  A corporate philosophy shared by all employees
  64,143 Group employees*
Organization
  An integrated portfolio that marshals diverse businesses
  183 Group companies in seven business areas**
  Operations in 17 countries and territories overseas
Technologies
  Business model that fuses people and technologies
  Approximately 2,800 emergency depots in Japan
  Around 60,000,000 security sensors installed at subscribers’ premises
Values
      
   Mission
Help achieve
a society free from
concerns
 Vision
Realize the Social System Industry
 Contributing to
the success of the SDGs
                   Strategies for creating the ANSHIN Platform
Enhanced value Connection Collaboration ALL SECOM
Resolution of social issues Resolution of ESG-related issues
           Performance
  Close ties with society and a strong track record
  More than 3,410,000 security service subscribers
  Over 7,100,000 SECOM Safety Confirmation Service users
Knowledge
  Know-how cultivated in Japan
  Deployment overseas
of initiatives developed in Japan, a front runner in addressing challenges associated with a super-aged society and natural disasters
  * Employees of SECOM Group companies (excluding variable interest entities), as of
March 31, 2020
**The parent company, consolidated subsidiaries and equity-method companies, as of March 31, 2020
  A uniquely SECOM identity
(Philosophy, code of conduct, organizational culture)
       The SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030
      SECOM REPORT 2020 17

 SECOM’s Core Competitive Advantages
We continue to leverage three competitive advantages—a powerful brand, a recurring revenue–based business model and Group strengths—to respond to customers’ expectations and ensure sustainable growth.
A powerful brand
As Japan’s security services pioneer, we have consistently led the industry, keeping abreast of society’s evolving needs by providing services and systems that deliver safety and peace of mind, as well as make life more comfortable and convenient. At present, contracts for our domestic on-line commercial and home security systems number more than 2.35 million, and we continue to enjoy the leading share of the market. Our accumulated experi- ence and know-how in the provision of services that deliver safety and peace of mind, together with our robust customer base, have earned us a reputation for reliability and contributed to the rise of the SECOM brand. Recognition of SECOM as the leader of Japan’s security services industry and our outstanding growth potential position us well to secure and foster talented human resources and maintain an edge over the competition.
A recurring revenue–based business model
Our operating revenue is generated largely by recurring revenue– based businesses. In addition to cultivating new customers, we endeavor to ensure that existing customers are content to leave contracts in place. In our core on-line security systems business, all employees—from emergency response personnel to sales, technology and administrative staff—work to increase customer
Variable and Fixed Costs for On-Line Security Systems
satisfaction by providing services that exceed their expectations. We also have customer satisfaction staff, who visit customers in person to furnish useful information and gain feedback, which we incorporate into our unceasing efforts to improve services and systems and grasp latent needs. We have applied our recur- ring revenue–based business model to various SECOM Group services and will continue to reinvest in growth using cash gen- erated by these businesses to further enhance our competitive edge and ensure sustainable growth.
Group strengths
At present, the SECOM business portfolio encompasses seven segments: security services, fire protection services, medical ser- vices, insurance services, geospatial information services, BPO and ICT services, and real estate and other services. In all of these areas, we endeavor to resolve customers’ concerns by ral- lying SECOM Group strengths to provide a diverse range of ser- vices and products. To date, we have not only strengthened services and products in each business and fortified collaboration across the Group, but also invested in M&As to further enhance Group strengths. Looking ahead, we will continue working to expand our lineup of services to effectively respond to market needs, thereby deepening our ties with customers.
  New contract is secured
 Increased customer satisfaction ensures that the contract continues over the long term
 Diversification of services bolsters per-customer income
   Continuous income expansion
Reinvestment in growth
     Increased competitiveness and sustainable growth
  Variable costs
  Subscriber
Security equipment is provided on a rental basis (SECOM assets)
   Fixed costs
3 Dispatch SECOM emergency response personnel
1 Alert using telecommunications circuits
    SECOM Emergency Depot (Approximately
2,800 across Japan)
2Alert SECOM emergency
response personnel
SECOM Control Center (Major locations across Japan)
18 SECOM REPORT 2020
  
  The SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030
 To accelerate the realization of our Social System Industry vision, in May 2017, we formulated the SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030, which positions 2030 as an important milestone and further defines our direction going forward. One year later, in May 2018, we devised the SECOM Group Road Map 2022 to clarify the challenges that must be addressed for us to achieve this vision, identifying 2022 as a particularly critical juncture.
Conceptual framework of the ANSHIN Platform
Guided by the SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030, we are working to create the ANSHIN Platform, a service infrastructure through which we strive to provide services that deliver seamless peace of mind for anyone and everyone whenever and wherever necessary.
Anchored in the relationship of trust that we have cultivated with society, the ANSHIN Platform seeks to provide peace of mind to people in their everyday lives, as well as to society as a whole through collaboration with partners in industry, govern- ment and academia who share our mission to help achieve a society free from concerns and who have diverse technologies and expertise.
For both companies and individuals, the occurrence of an unanticipated crime or disaster can interrupt daily rhythms. For companies, productivity can fall sharply. Moreover, the greater the damage is, the longer it takes to recover. Society faces signif- icant risks associated with crimes, accidents, cyber crimes, natu- ral disasters, illnesses and aging. In addition to recognizing the importance of routine advance preparation, we provide compre- hensive services designed to address potential risks by helping customers accurately grasp conditions, minimize impact and achieve restoration. These four approaches, which comprise what we call the SECOM ANSHIN Flow, enable us to provide seamless peace of mind.
  Tha ANSHIN Platform Service Infrastructure
The SECOM Anshin Flow
  <Value> In Safety and everyday
peace of mind life Life/health/assets/informati
Advance preparation
In
the event of an emergency
Grasp
the situation
In
the event of an emergency
Minimize damage
After Restore
an emergency operations
    on AI, IOT and Big Data
Operations/emergency response services
 Real-world
Crimes and accidents
    Cyber crimes
 Risks may occur simultaneously
Rather than stand-alone services, we strive to provide integrated packages that deliver seamless safety and
     Natural disasters
y
peace of mind and provide added value that makes life more comfortable and convenient
  Illnesses/aging
        Diverse risks
E coverage
 E
Ex
xtensive
  <Added value>
Comfort and convenience
In everyday life
Everyday concerns
 Issues to be addressed
Need to improve efficiency
Need to reduce costs
Need to rely on others
SECOM REPORT 2020 19
   
 The SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030
Strategies for creating the ANSHIN Platform
To create the ANSHIN Platform, we are currently promoting ini- tiatives in line with four core strategies. The “ALL SECOM” strategy focuses on rallying SECOM Group strengths to maxi- mize synergies. Through our “Collaboration” strategy we are endeavoring to promote open innovation by integrating the business ideas and technologies of various partners who share our mission. Our “Connection” strategy emphasizes leveraging Big Data analysis, which makes use of advanced information
Connection
technologies, to respond to latent needs and strengthen our relationships with customers, while our “Enhanced value” strategy revolves around addressing everyday concerns by adding greater value to services that make life more comfortable and convenient. Guided by these efforts, we continue to promote the creation of services and systems that respond
to increasingly diverse needs for safety and peace of mind.
 s
ALL SECOM
Collaboration
Enhanced value
                                                                                             Targeting sustainable growth: Devising the SECOM Group Road Map 2022
 In May 2018, we introduced the SECOM Group Road Map 2022, devised using backcasting* with the aim of clarifying the challenges we must address to achieve the SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030. The road map identifies technological advances and a declining labor force as priority issues in today’s rapidly changing society. For both companies and society in general, these issues can become threats if not addressed properly. We
believe that anticipating evolving needs for solutions to these issues will lead to major business opportunities that will allow us to contribute to the improvement of social productivity.
* Backcasting is a planning method that starts with envisioning a desirable future and working backward from there to identify steps necessary to attain that future.
20 SECOM REPORT 2020
p
i
h
s
n
o
i
t
a
l
e
r
s
’
M
o
O
f
C
t
E
S
g
n
i
w
i
t
h
c
u
s
t
r
o
m
N
c
e
o
r
s
f
a
n
n
d
s
e
o
c
r
i
e
N
i
r
t
y
e
h
t
r
u
F
m
r
a
l
P
I
H
S
A
e
h
t
f
o
n
o
i
t
a
e
r
C

 Targeting sustainable growth
We place a particular emphasis on the sustainability of society and our businesses and thus see related expenditures not as costs but rather as investments that enable us to integrate changes in our operating environment into our operations over the long term. Since our establishment, we have tirelessly pur- sued service innovations that create value. This is rooted in our fundamental commitment to offering services that anticipate
what is needed to ensure sustainability for society, rather than simply providing services that will sell in any market. This is why people and technology will always be given top priority. Looking ahead, we will continue working tirelessly to enhance our ability to make effective use of these intangible assets, positioning us to cement our competitive edge and earn the trust of our customers and society, thereby growing sustainably.
 Linking social change and business opportunities to address social imperatives
 Technological advances have brought an increase in the variety of connected devices. This is driving a variety of profound changes, including the realization of connected vehicles, the expanded use of drones and robots, the increasing prevalence of unattended retail facilities and cashless transactions, and the rising popularity of smart homes. Such changes are expected to push up demand related to the need for security in a connected society, which involves the fusion of physical and cyber security.
Owing to a declining labor force, companies face a growing need to outsource noncore functions, which enables them to concentrate on core businesses. With the rising prevalence of families in which both parents work outside the home, we are also seeing an increase in needs related to the care of children and seniors. In response to expanding demand related to the need to rely on others, we will continue working to extend
Investments in future growth
Recognizing that responding to demand arising from an increas- ingly connected society and from the need to rely on others would require us to change significantly ourselves—a process we dubbed “SECOM-Transformation”—we positioned the two-year period ended March 31, 2020, as an investment phase, during which we would promote the focused outlays in the areas of systems and human resources.
Investments in systems center on building next-generation core systems and reinforcing functions with the goal of improv- ing service quality and productivity by reducing labor require- ments and enhancing employee capabilities. We also invest actively in areas that help bolster the quality and efficiency of our operations, including AI, the IoT and RPA, as well as in efforts to drive R&D targeting innovative services and products
distinctive services that deliver safety and peace of mind and make life more comfortable and convenient, thereby helping to address key social imperatives.
The COVID-19 pandemic has brought fundamental changes to society, transforming business practices, consumer behavior and work styles. With many of these changes likely to remain even after the pandemic has eased, companies must respond effectively to survive and thrive in what is emerging as a new normal. In response to demand in diverse areas arising from the spread of COVID-19, including that related to the advance of digitization and the use of ICT, we will continue to drive social change to help resolve new social imperatives, thereby ensuring our ability to play a key role in both the social and consumer infrastructures.
that respond to needs engendered by technological progress and a declining labor force.
Investments in human resources emphasize the reinforcement of critical capabilities that cannot be replaced with technology. Accordingly, we are stepping up efforts to enhance our human capital by securing human resources who have the ability to adapt to change and create value and who seek to contribute to society. Specifically, we are improving our ability to attract and foster talented, experienced personnel, including IT specialists and individuals with global business skills. In addition, we make investments aimed at helping employees fulfill their potential, including the enhancement of our various training programs and other efforts to create positive working environments and boost job satisfaction.
 SECOM REPORT 2020 21

 The SECOM Group’s Vision for 2030
Achieving the Goals of the SECOM Group Road Map 2022
 Having made extensive, focused investments in systems and human resources, the next challenge we face is to develop and deploy new services that build on these investments. To these ends, we will step up efforts to collaborate with partners who share our mission. Overseas, we will continue working to expand the variety of services we offer, as well as to actively enter promising new markets.
We have also allocated ¥200 billion from equity over five years (April 1, 2018–March 31, 2023) for M&As. During this period, we will seek to invest in key growth businesses, namely,
Note: Figures do not reflect the impact of new M&As.
physical security, cyber security, BPO and ICT services and healthcare, as well as in start-ups with advanced technological capabilities both in Japan and overseas.
In addition to promoting new businesses, we will respond to changes arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Through these and other efforts, we will strive to achieve the quantitative targets we have set for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, including consolidated revenue of ¥1.1 trillion and consolidated operating profit of ¥155.0 billion. (Targets are based on Japanese GAAP.)
 SECOM Group Road Map 2022
Targets for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023 (Japanese GAAP) (Provided for reference only)
 ¥1.1
Consolidated 155.0 8 Dividend 40 45 trillion operating profit: ¥ billion ROE: % plus payment ratio: %— %
    Investment phase
   Consolidated revenue
Consolidated operating profit
Consolidatedrevenue ¥970.6billion Consolidatedoperatingprofit ¥135.4billion
High-growth phase
Consolidatedrevenue ¥1.1trillion Consolidatedoperatingprofit ¥155.0billion
                 2015
2016
2017 2018
Investment phase
  Invest in human resources   Invest in systems
2019 2020
2021 2022
High-growth phase
Japan
(Years ended/ 2023 ending March 31)
              
   
Leverage investments to introduce new services Promote more active collaboration with partners
Overseas
Expand services in countries and territories
where SECOM has a presence
Actively establish operations in promising new markets
    22 SECOM REPORT 2020
Consolidated revenue:
CAGR (operating profifit): Approx. 6.0%
CAGR (operating profifit): 3.09%

 Initiatives Aimed at Achieving the Goals of the SECOM Group Road Map 2022
    Active expansion into the area of cyber security
IoT, smart homes, security solution for cryptocurrencies
Security BPO and ICT
Page 36
High-value-added home security
Application of AI and IoT, etc.
Security Insurance BPO and ICT
Page 27
New solutions for help with care for vulnerable individuals
Security
Medical
Real estate Pages 27–28
Development of services for unattended retail facilities and the trend toward cashless transactions
Security BPO and ICT
Healthcare services tailored to lifestyles Security Medical Pages 32–33
     3-Dimensional Security
Next-generation On-Site Center mobile monitoring bases
  Next-generation fire protection systems
Security Fire protection Geospatial info.
Pages 26–27, 30–31
    Expansion into the automotive field (connected vehicles, etc.)
  Security BPO and ICT
Use of drones and robots
     Security Geospatial info. BPO and ICT
Pages 26–27, 35
Strengthening of proposal capabilities in the areas
of facility management, building management and supply chain management
Security Fire protection
Pages 25–26, 31
Establishment of the SECOM DESIGN FACTORY brand for collaborative projects that accelerate
         the creation of new value
Page 28
   Japan
  Current markets
Collaboration with local partners Page 29 Response to outsourcing needs of financial institutions
Broadening of systems integration business to leverage Full-scale expansion into
investment in production facilities, buildings and infrastructure home security services markets Page 29
    Overseas
 New markets
  Promotion of efforts to expand into promising new markets
        Promotion of efforts to reduce labor requirements
  Improvement of performance
Increase in efficiency
  Expansion and evolution of services
Growth of customer base
Increase in opportunities for customers to use services
Improvement of skills and capabilities
Increase in motivation and discipline
         (Maximization)
Per-customer × Number of × Continuation income customers of contracts
Optimization of cost structure
Increase in reliability
Increase in productivity
     Provision of services that exceed customers’ expectations
Increase in value provided to customers
Maximization of income Improvement of capital efficiency
SECOM REPORT 2020 23
  Tri-ion Initiative, employee job satisfaction surveys, application of RPA to operations and others
Investment in human resources with advanced and specialized expertise

  SECOM Today
   Security Services
  Net sales and operating revenue
(In billions of yen) 600
565.4 567.2
550
500
580.5
   450
2018 2019 2020
 Operating income
(In billions of yen) 125
114.5
100
75
110.1
108.9
   50
2018 2019 2020
 Business summary
A distinguishing feature of our security services business is that it primarily consists of recurring revenue–based services, that is, services based on long-term contracts. For example, the initial contract period for mainstay on-line security systems is five years, after which the contract is automatically renewed annually. The provision of SECOM on-line security systems includes the installation of sensors and other monitoring equipment and around-the-clock monitoring by a SECOM control center via telecommunica- tions circuits. In the event an intruder, fire or other irregularity is detected, control center staff dispatch emergency response personnel from the nearest SECOM emergency depot and, if necessary, notify the police and/or fire department. To deliver seamless services, we maintain ownership of security equipment and extend it to subscribers on a rental basis. The fact that we take full responsibility for all aspects of our on-line security systems, from R&D through to equipment manufacturing, security planning, installation, around-the- clock monitoring, emergency response ser- vices and equipment maintenance, ensures exceptional quality and reliability.
Since our founding, we have sought to expand our menu of services in response to increasingly diverse and sophisticated market needs—a consequence of rising subscriber numbers and socioenvironmental changes— by capitalizing on the three components
of our operating foundation, namely, our technological prowess, human resources and operational and control structure. Our techno- logical prowess is underpinned by the SECOM Intelligent Systems Laboratory, which conducts forward-looking research in the area of core technologies, and the SECOM Development Center, which capitalizes on these core technologies to develop highly reliable security systems. Our R&D team’s ability to keep abreast of the latest technological trends
and take into account social imperatives and trends in criminal activity has enabled us to realize unparalleled services and systems that leverage optimal technologies. In addition,
the critical opinions and needs of subscribers, obtained by sales staff, emergency response personnel and other employees in the course of their work, are conveyed to our R&D team, facilitating swift and precise adjustments that further enhance the quality of our on-line security systems.
   On-Line Security Systems
   Flashing light
Light flashes if the system detects an irregularity to warn people in the vicinity and to guide SECOM emergency response personnel dispatched to the subscriber’s premises.
   Subscriber
     3 Dispatch SECOM emergency response personnel
1 Alert using telecommunications circuits
Alert emergency services as necessary
   2Alert SECOM emergency
response personnel
SECOM sticker
Subscribers display the SECOM security sticker, the sign of well-protected premises.
Police Dept.
Fire Dept.
Gas Company
  SECOM Emergency Depot
SECOM Control Center
24 SECOM REPORT 2020
   
    SECOM control center
To foster human resources, we provide train- ing for new recruits, as well as for emergency response personnel, sales staff, administrative staff and other employees, at four training centers in Japan. This enables us to ensure
that employees fully understand our corporate philosophy and observe a code of conduct befitting security professionals and equips them with advanced knowledge and technical skills. We also leverage our wealth of experience in serving a diverse range of customers to improve our training programs. Strengthening our effort to cultivate human resources has enabled us
to build a strong organization that underpins our ability to extend high-grade, distinctively SECOM services.
We have established an incomparable operational and control structure by offering on-line security systems through a nationwide network of approximately 2,800 emergency depots across Japan, extensive know-how accumulated over many years, the unerring decision making of our highly experienced control center staff and the swift actions of our emergency response personnel. By main- taining a close proximity to the communities in which we operate, we ensure our ability to promptly ascertain customers’ needs for safety and peace of mind and provide the optimum solutions. Our experience addressing diverse customer needs gives us outstanding flexibility and broad responsiveness. These capabili-
ties have earned us the trust of customers, enhancing the value of the SECOM brand.
Looking ahead, we will continue to rally SECOM Group strengths, at the core of which is on-line security systems, to offer unique services and products that deliver safety and peace of mind and make life more comfort- able and convenient. Through these efforts, we will endeavor to further differentiate SECOM from its competitors, as well as
to deepen and strengthen our ties with customers.
Operating highlights
Commercial security services We work actively to provide an extensive lineup of security services, centered on on-line security systems, that respond to the diverse needs of customers. In recent years, on-line security sys- tems for commercial subscribers must not only offer monitoring for irregularities to guarantee security and prevent fires, but also support
the business activities of subscribers around
the clock. In response to such needs, we are working to reinforce our business policy, which emphasizes the quality of subscriptions, by extending a variety of high-value-added offer- ings. In line with this policy, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we launched System Security AZ, an updated on-line security system for commercial use that further enhances our ability to respond swiftly and flexibly to the needs of subscribers.
Introducing System Security AZ
In 1966, we developed and launched the first on-line security system in Japan and have since expanded our lineup to accommodate business establishments of different sizes and customers with various business formats. Today, customer needs are highly diverse and continue to evolve in line with changing business and social conditions. In response, in September 2019 we launched System Security AZ, an all- in-one system that leverages our unmatched know-how in the provision of security. In addition to security, fire prevention and access control functions, AZ can be integrated with attendance management systems to create effective work efficiency solutions, as well as with biometric systems such as SESAMO IDf, a finger vein authentication system, to provide rigorous identity confirmation, record images of people arming and disarming the system, allow the adjustment of security settings and confirmation of images remotely from a smart- phone and browsing of operating history, and the efficient management of user information and other functions. Because it consolidates multiple systems for commercial subscribers
 Contracts for On-line Security Systems in Japan (As of March 31, 2020)
Home Commercial
Service industries 7.0%
Financial services 6.7%
Retailing/wholesaling 3.6%
Manufacturing 3.2%
Government agencies 3.1%
Other 17.0%
Residences (excluding condominiums and apartments) 37.0%
Condominiums and apartments 22.4%
 SECOM REPORT 2020 25

 26
SECOM REPORT 2020
SECOM Today
  System Security AZ
into one, AZ also benefits us by helping reduce our inventory, development and procurement costs.
AZ also boasts superb expandability, making it possible to heighten the system’s functions in response to evolving customer needs, technological innovations and changes in the communications infrastructure. Going forward, we will work to expand the popular- ity of this system by further improving service quality through the addition of functions such as centralized multisite management and the introduction of advanced new sensors.
The launch of the SECOM IP Camera system and SECOM Cloud Video Surveillance Service
The new SECOM IP Camera system is a next- generation surveillance camera system that meets the security needs of a broad range
of premises. Incorporating box-type, dome- type, attractively designed compact 180° omnidirectional or other cameras, this system makes it possible to record in full HD for clear, high-resolution images that capture even
the smallest details. Recorded images can be checked via the Internet from a computer or from a smartphone using a dedicated applica- tion. Linking this system to the SECOM Cloud Video Surveillance Service makes it possible to manage captured video images in the cloud and check them anytime and anywhere from a computer or a smartphone. This eliminates the need for a video recorder, minimizing the amount of equipment necessary to install a surveillance camera system.
Protecting facilities with the Virtual Security Guard System
Against a backdrop of rising security needs and increasing labor shortages in the security services industry, we launched the AI-powered Virtual Security Guard System, which features a virtual character who performs security, receptionist and other static guard duties. With the goal of helping prevent the spread of COVID-19, a practical trial of this system linked with a thermographic camera to
measure visitors’ body temperature, as well as to request that they wear a mask is currently under way.
Security services for large-scale events
Extending SECOM security services for the G20 Osaka Summit
In June 2019, we deployed SECOM 3D Security Planning to assist the Osaka Prefectural Police (OPP) Headquarters in preparing a security plan for the G20 Osaka Summit and carried out a preliminary aerial check of the security area using a SECOM Aerostat dirigible. We also offered SECOM Robot X2 autonomous patrol robot units and the SECOM IP Camera system to the OPP Headquarters to help ensure the safety and security of this global event. In addition, we extended security services, including static guards equipped with wearable cameras, for the G20 Ibaraki–Tsukuba Ministerial Meeting on Trade and Digital Economy, helping to facilitate the safe and secure staging of this important event.
Earning certification as Japan’s first emergency medical care facility with ELSTs
In December 2019, we earned certification as Japan’s first emergency medical care facility with emergency life-saving technicians (ELSTs)*. This makes it possible for our ELSTs to provide special- ized emergency medical care under the direction of physicians. Accordingly, we will expand the scope of our services for large-scale events and major facilities, creating a framework for provid- ing medical assistance that will enable us to offer integrated services encompassing both security and First Aid.
* Certification provided by Japan’s Accreditation Board for Prehospital Medical Oversight (ABPMO) for systems of training and rules for legal compliance aimed at ensur- ing the quality of the medical care provided by ELSTs.
 SECOM IP Camera system
  Trial using the Virtual Security Guard System to measure visitors’ body temperature
 SECOM Robot X2 on patrol at the G20 Osaka Summit

  Airborne stadium surveillance by a drone
 Participation in demonstration test of stadium security using 5G mobile communications system
In collaboration with a major telecommunica- tions group, we successfully conducted a dem- onstration test of security around the Hanazono Rugby Stadium in the city of Higashi-Osaka using the 5G mobile communications system. During the tests, 4K video was transmitted in real time by SECOM Robot X2 units and cameras worn by security guards, as well as by drones operated by the telecommunications provider, over 5G networks to one of SECOM’s vehicle- mounted On-Site Center mobile monitoring bases, enabling the assessment of security
status over a broad area and prompt provision of an assortment of security responses, includ- ing the detection and apprehension of suspi- cious individuals. AI is used to analyze the movement of people, automatically flagging irregularities and notifying On-Site Center operators, demonstrating the ability to ensure the timely detection of problems and swift implementation of response measures. Looking ahead, we will capitalize on the results of this test in the provision of security for large-scale events with the aim of realizing sophisticated security that leverages 5G technology.
Home security services
Enhanced convenience continues to under- score steady growth in the popularity of SECOM Home Security NEO, a home security system that can be armed and disarmed remotely from a smartphone and includes
an automatic notification feature that
enables subscribers to receive alerts on their smartphones when the system is accessed
by family members entering or leaving the home. In addition to standard home security, including monitoring for intruders and fires and emergency alerts, and optional services such as medical emergency calls, monitoring for gas leaks and safety monitoring, SECOM Home Security NEO can be linked with devices on the IoT to facilitate use of a variety of new services.
 New service linking SECOM Home Security and the aibo entertainment robot premiers
In January 2020, we began offering a new service linking SECOM Home Security with
the aibo autonomous entertainment robot. In addition to enabling aibo to see subscribers off when they go out and greet them when they return, this service makes it possible to check up on their home remotely via aibo when they are out, providing comfort and further enhanc- ing satisfaction with SECOM Home Security. In the years ahead, we will continue working to combine our expertise in the area of security services and our partner’s capabilities in the areas of AI, robotics and entertainment to create truly original new services.
 SECOM Senior Care Phone Service for resolving users’ concerns whether indoors or out
The SECOM Senior Care Phone Service is an emergency monitoring service that combines emergency medical alert, health consultation and safety confirmation functions. Whether indoors or out, the device sends an emergency alert to SECOM when activated by pulling in
its strap and, if deemed necessary, triggers the dispatch of emergency response personnel. When the user presses the safety confirmation prompt on the device’s display, an email verify- ing his or her safety is automatically sent to registered individuals. If the user does not respond to the prompt, family members or other registered individuals can request the dispatch of emergency response personnel. This service, which does not require a SECOM Home Security contract, continues to earn solid marks as an offering that helps resolve the con- cerns of elderly individuals and their families.
 Provision of Mago Channel with SECOM commences
In January 2020, we began extending Mago (“grandchild”) Channel with SECOM, a new service based on the concept of “joyful care,” in collaboration with an IoT startup. Mago Channel enables users to display photographs
 SECOM Home Security NEO
 aibo see offs a SECOM Home Security subscriber aibo is a product of Sony Corporation
©2020 Sony Corporation
SECOM REPORT 2020 27

 SECOM Today
  Mago Channel with SECOM
or videos on the home televisions of parents living apart. Information from Mago Channel’s environment sensor also makes it possible for users to check whether their parents are up or in bed and advise them of heatstroke alerts, among others, as well as to monitor indoor temperature and humidity changes, using an application. Going forward, we will continue to expand our lineup of services that address needs arising from factors such as declining birthrates and the graying of Japanese society.
New initiatives
 Establishment of the SECOM DESIGN
FACTORY brand
In December 2019, we established the SECOM DESIGN FACTORY brand, which will be used for strategic projects undertaken with partners that will seek to develop innovative, original services. The new brand will be used for initia- tives designed to capitalize on the beliefs and ideals of our diverse partners, rather than exclusively our own, and for new services
and products that accelerate the creation of customer and social value. SECOM DESIGN FACTORY projects to date include the develop- ment of Mago Channel with SECOM, a new service linking SECOM Home Security with
the aibo entertainment robot, and training programs for security guards that make use
of VR technologies. Multiple other initiatives are currently underway that we expect will yield a variety of new services and products in the future.
Other security services COCO-SECOM, a mobile security system for outdoor use, uses signals from GPS satellites and cellular phone base stations to pinpoint the location of dedicated portable transmitters carried by individuals or attached to objects.
If a customer wants to locate a transmitter,
he or she can trace it precisely via a dedicated COCO-SECOM website or by contacting the COCO-SECOM Operations Center. Upon receiving a search request from a customer, operations center operators dispatch emer- gency response personnel and, if necessary, notify the police or fire department. Users
can also alert the COCO-SECOM Operations Center if they are concerned for their physical safety by pushing the transmitter’s emergency alert button. Applications for COCO-SECOM are diverse, ranging from deterring child abductions and tracking dementia patients who wander to preventing the theft of cars and motorcycles, managing taxi and bus fleets, averting the theft of ATMs, managing employee safety and aiding self-defense.
Overseas security services Extending services in 13 countries
and territories
We made our overseas debut in 1978, when we established a presence in Taiwan. Today, our overseas business encompasses operations in 13 countries and territories. A distinguish- ing feature of our overseas security services
is that we offer on-line security systems with SECOM-style emergency response services customized to reflect local needs and sensi- bilities. The high quality of the services we extend continues to earn praise from overseas customers, as a result of which market acceptance is increasing.
Publicly listed affiliated company Taiwan Secom, the largest security services company in the Taiwanese market, offers a broad lineup of
  SECOM DESIGN FACTORY logo
  COCO-SECOM Mobile Security System
(Location and Emergency Response)
Notification of police (if warranted)
Dispatch emergency response personnel (if requested)
   GPS satellite
Request for search (telephone/ Internet)
Positioning information
COCO-SECOM Operations Center
  Cellular phone base station
SECOM Emergency Depot
Police department, emergency services
   COCO-SECOM Transmitter Device (vehicle-mounted)
COCO-SECOM Transmitter Device (portable)
     Subscriber
  28 SECOM REPORT 2020

  Control center in Thailand (Thai SECOM Security Co., Ltd.)
security services, ranging from home security to safety management systems for large-scale facilities. The company is also working actively to improve services by incorporating new tech- nologies, including using SECOM wearable cameras to provide security for an international ladies’ professional golf tournament.
In the ROK, affiliated company S1 extends a wide variety of security services and build- ing solutions, centered on on-line security systems. Also publicly listed, S1 continues
to garner praise from customers for its swift initial responses, which it provides through approximately 650 emergency depots.
In the PRC, we have established that country’s largest security network, which today encompasses bases in 25 key coastal and inland cities. We have also established a manufacturing facility in Shanghai that pro- duces security equipment tailored to local market needs.
In Southeast Asia, which continues to
see economic growth, the efforts of Group companies are bolstering acceptance of SECOM-style on-line security systems. As the largest security services company in Thailand, we provide comprehensive security systems that encompass tailored solutions. We also offer comprehensive services in Malaysia that range from on-line security systems to static guard and security management services.
In Singapore and Indonesia, we continue to earn solid marks for on-line security systems and anti-terrorism security. In Vietnam and Myanmar, which continue to see brisk eco- nomic growth, we extend security services to major Japanese companies.
We entered the Turkish market in 2019 and have begun providing a diverse range of security services, from home security to safety management systems for large-scale facilities.
Group companies in Australia extend security services to private-sector companies such as financial institutions, large commercial facilities, and to state and federal government agencies. In New Zealand, our high-grade security and maintenance/inspection services enjoyed solid support from customers.
Subsidiary Secom plc provides on-line security systems and other security services to customers across the United Kingdom. The company has long been trusted by govern- ment agencies and major corporate customers, including prominent British banks, and has built a robust reputation for service quality.
Tailoring services to local needs
In addition to promoting a variety of efforts to ensure an accurate understanding of customer needs in overseas markets, includ- ing conducting market surveys, we actively promote open innovation with manufacturers and IT companies around the world and collaborate with overseas partner companies to drive innovation in a manner that meets local needs. In June 2019, we established the China Innovation Center, an R&D facility, in Shanghai, and are creating a framework for leveraging advanced technologies and local market conditions to swiftly develop services and systems that address local needs. We also continued working with a major local electric appliances manufacturer and a telecommuni- cations company to help create services that help address key social imperatives.
In Thailand, where the number of middle-income earners continues to rise, we advanced initiatives aimed at achieving a full- scale entry into the market for home security services. These included commencing sales of home security services in July 2019. We are also collaborating with partner companies in Thailand and will inaugurate a project to develop and launch services optimized to meet local market needs. In addition, plans are in place to establish the ASEAN Innovation Center, in Bangkok, which will support efforts to expand our presence in other Southeast Asian markets. We will also deploy our ANSHIN Platform service infrastructure over- seas and promote ANSHIN as a universally recognized and accepted term.
 Emergency response vehicle (Shanghai Secom Security Co., Ltd.)
SECOM REPORT 2020 29

  SECOM Today
    Fire Protection Services
Operating highlights
The evolution of society, as represented by
the growth of cities and advances in building techniques, continues to drive demand for increasingly diverse and sophisticated fire pro- tection services. At the same time, new issues are emerging, including the aging of existing buildings and infrastructure. The operations of Nohmi Bosai and Nittan, two of Japan’s leading fire protection services companies, include
the provision of automatic fire alarms and fire extinguishing systems, as well as equipment inspection and maintenance, for a broad range of applications, including residences, com- mercial facilities and cultural properties. Both companies boast competitive advantages that derive from extensive experience and know- how, as well as an integrated service configura- tion encompassing everything from R&D to system planning, manufacturing, installation and maintenance, allowing them to extend high-grade services tailored to customer needs.
In the area of automatic fire alarms, sales efforts in the period under review focused on securing orders for alarms for new buildings. Nohmi Bosai and Nittan also responded to replacement demand in the renovations market
by drawing on their solid track record and the trust of customers to promote optimized proposal-oriented sales efforts. In fire extin- guishing equipment, orders remained brisk.
The new TASKis cloud-based disaster response support software
Nohmi Bosai recently launched TASKis, a cloud-based disaster response support soft- ware that assists efforts to promote awareness of BCP emergency response manuals and to create an initial disaster response infrastruc- ture. In the event of a fire, earthquake or other emergency, TASKis sends manual-based instructions regarding tasks to perform to
the smartphones of pertinent individuals.
This enables individuals to act swiftly and appropriately while checking the instructions displayed on their smartphone screens and to send a status report back to their supervisor once tasks have been completed. As a soft- ware that adds new value, TASKis is also ideal for proposals offered to maintenance and inspection services customers. Looking ahead, the company will continue to upgrade TASKis to accommodate customers’ needs while at the same time expanding the provision of this promising recurring revenue–based service.
   Net sales and operating revenue
(In billions of yen) 200
150 140.7 100
50 0
144.1
155.9
   2018 2019 2020
 Operating income
(In billions of yen) 20
15.7
15 14.2
10
5
17.8
   0
2018 2019 2020
 30 SECOM REPORT 2020
Request for assistance
Evacuation advisory
Start of restoration
Start of evacuation
Discovery of rescuees
Status report
Site confirmation
Fire! Problem!
Site confirmation
Start
of fire extinguishing
Visual representation of TASKis action guidelines (Nohmi Bosai)

  Water cannon test (Nohmi Bosai)
Protecting cultural properties against fire
In the wake of major fires that caused heavy damage to Notre Dame cathedral in Paris and Shuri Castle in Okinawa, Japan’s Agency for Cultural Affairs published new guidelines to enhance the protection of national treasures
or important cultural properties (structures) against fire. These guidelines are expected to increase the need for fire protection measures
at buildings that have earned World Heritage Site or National Treasure designations and muse- ums. Nohmi Bosai, which boasts a wealth of experience providing fire protection systems for cultural properties, has taken steps to respond to such rising needs by strengthening its framework for developing proposals and its installation capabilities and will continue working to provide automatic fire alarm and fire extinguishing systems optimized for such structures.
The debut of the B Catch Now indoor location information system A new addition to Nittan’s portfolio is B Catch
Now, which uses positioning information to aid the evacuation of people from facilities in the event of an emergency. If a fire breaks out, this system, which is linked with an automatic fire alarm system, swiftly pinpoints the point of origin and the location of individuals and sends a visual notification to the facility’s disaster prevention center, thereby making it possible to swiftly extinguish the fire and guide rescue operations. On an everyday basis, customers can use the system to track people in the facility, analyze the time and frequency of meetings and operations, and generate visual information and data for flow lines, helping to improve workplace efficiency and office envi- ronments. The beacons used by B Catch Now to measure location require maintenance to replace depleted batteries and make repairs, but because Nittan services the system on the same cycle as it conducts fire alarm system inspections it is always in working order with no additional burden on the customer. Nittan
plans to add additional functions, including equipment location and management, with the aim of contributing to the provision of offices that are safer as well as more secure and comfortable.
Active efforts to expand overseas operations
Nittan’s fire alarm systems have also garnered praise overseas for their ease of use, reliability and quality. This, combined with the skill of the company’s installers, has led to the increased adoption of Nittan systems. Nittan Europe Ltd., the company’s consolidated subsidiary in the United Kingdom, established a training center in 2017 and launched a program to provide support to distributors and installers with the goal of reinforcing its sales capabilities and improving the quality of installation work. This led to a European Standards (ENs)-compliant Nittan Evolution series analogue addressable fire detection system being installed in a new student accommodation development that cen- ters on a building with a complex architectural structure that dates back to the 18th century. Nittan smoke detectors were incorporated into hospitals newly built as an emergency measure as part of the United Kingdom’s response to the COVID-19 crisis. Nittan Europe also offers technical support for systems that comply with the ENs and UL LLC standards installed by partners outside of the United Kingdom and Europe. These include the UL-compliant SPERA fire alarm system installed at a major hospital in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh.
University student accommodation development in the United Kingdom that installed a Nittan fire detection system
     B Catch Now sensor beacon and screen displaying location information (Nittan)
SECOM REPORT 2020 31

  SECOM Today
    (In billions of yen)
Medical Services
Operating highlights
Believing that extending services that protect health and life is the ultimate expression of our commitment to providing safety and peace of mind, we have created a medical services business in four key categories: medi- cal care, personal care, health and preventa- tive care, and ICT-based services. Our operations in this area reflect our commitment to providing a menu of services tailored to the needs of individuals with medical care, nursing care or healthcare concerns. We continue to capitalize on ICT to create seamless, inte- grated community-based healthcare models encompassing, among others, support for affiliated medical institutions and the provision of home nursing, pharmaceutical dispensing, personal care, and health and preventative care services.
Medical care services
Our medical care services business began with home nursing services and pharmaceuti- cal dispensing services, both of which are provided to patients in the comfort of their own homes. Today, our home nursing services assist home medical care by dispatching visiting nurses from a nationwide network of 34 visiting nurse stations to provide expert
medical treatment and nursing care in the patient’s home under the direction of his or her physician. Our pharmaceuticals dispens- ing services involve filling prescriptions and delivering medications needed by patients at home, as well as providing medical supplies, including infusion lines and syringes for home parenteral nutrition (HPN) administered via central venous catheter, and medical hygiene products.
Our support for affiliated medical institu- tions focuses on partnering with diverse hospi- tals and clinics providing services ranging from emergency medicine to convalescent care to help ensure high-grade medical care services and working to create integrated community- based healthcare models. We also leverage our extensive expertise and proficiency in home medical care to open and operate
     Net sales and operating revenue
200
175.5
100
50
0
2018 2019 2020
181.9
187.3
   150
Pharmaceutical dispensing services
       Prescription
Pharmaceutical Dispensing and
Home Delivery Service (SECOM Pharmacy)
Prescription Pharmaceutical delivery
Coordination
Consultation
Physician’s guidelines Nurse’s report
Home Nursing Services (SECOM Visiting Nurse Station)
Nurse visit Outpatient care
Home Medical Services
         Patient
   Operating income
(In billions of yen) 9
5.8 4.0
3
6.2
6
   0
2018 2019 2020
32 SECOM REPORT 2020
Medical Care Institution

  Collection and storage SECOM Remote monitoring of
   Contracted hospitals
Patient’s home
Patient’ s device
     Collection and storage of biometric data
  Automatic alerts
 Video calls
 Display of pertinent data
 Related organization
 Sharing of information with related organizations
    Visiting personal care services
community clinics. Leveraging our experience in Japan, we also opened and currently oper- ate Sakra World Hospital, a general hospital, in Bengaluru, India.
n Personal care services
This category includes the operation of residences for seniors, which brings together our know-how in security services and in medical and personal care. We also provide visiting personal care services and adult day care services, as well as operate comprehen- sive senior care centers that offer diverse in-home care services.
n Health and preventative care services
We are taking steps to expand health and preventative care services to encourage health maintenance and promotion and enhance quality of life. We also manage SECOM Health Care Club KENKO, a membership-based club that provides access to a variety of health management services.
of home medical care patient’s biometric data
n ICT-based services
These services center on the deployment of distinctively SECOM networked services. One example is the SECOM Vitalook remote medi- cal support platform, which capitalizes on
our accumulated expertise in home medical care and in the provision of support for affili- ated medical institutions, together with our capabilities in ICT and unique management resources. We also provide an extensive selec- tion of cloud-based medical record systems designed to suit the needs of a range of medical care institutions, from clinics to small and medium-sized hospitals. Other offerings include solutions that leverage our know-how in ICT, data center operation and medical services to respond to the diverse information needs of medical care institutions, such as SECOM LINKus, which allows medical person- nel to share electronic medical records stored at a SECOM data center, the Hospi-net remote image diagnosis support system and SECOM SMASH, a hospital management information analysis system.
patient’s condition
by healthcare professionals
Hospi-net remote image diagnosis support system
 SECOM data center
  SECOM REPORT 2020 33

  SECOM Today
   Insurance Services
Operating highlights
We believe that both security services, which are preventative by nature, and non-life insurance, which looks after people should misfortune strike, are essential to our ability to deliver uninterrupted safety and peace of mind. In line with this belief, we continue to expand the scope of our insurance services business by offering a variety of distinctive policies that support the daily lives and busi- ness activities of our customers.
 Subscriptions to MEDCOM continue to rise
MEDCOM is an unrestricted cancer treat- ment policy that provides coverage for costs associated with all inpatient hospital treat- ments, including those covered under Japan’s National Health Insurance (NHI) scheme, those for advanced medical care, and those for which the individual usually bears the burden. Coverage for inpatient treatment is unlimited, while that for outpatient treatment provides up to ¥10 million per five-year period. This allows the subscriber to concentrate on treat- ment without having to worry about the eco- nomic implications thereof. Developed from the perspective of the subscriber to facilitate the best possible cancer treatment, MEDCOM continues to attract support, underpinning the expansion of subscriptions.
New pamphlets for MEDCOM, SECOM Anshin My Home and SECOM Anshin My Car
 Fire insurance policies with distinctively SECOM discounts
SECOM Anshin My Home is a fire insurance policy for residential customers that offers a discount on premiums for subscribers who have installed on-line security systems, reflect- ing our belief that such systems reduce the risk of theft and fire. The Security Discount Fire Policy is a similar policy for commercial customers who have installed on-line security systems in which premiums are discounted
to reflect the risk-mitigating benefits of
such systems. Active efforts to propose fire insurance when introducing on-line security systems to potential home and commercial security services customers continues to push up subscriptions. Going forward, we will continue to focus on expanding sales of these policies in line with increasing security services subscriptions.
 SECOM Anshin My Car: Backed by on-site support from emergency response personnel
SECOM Anshin My Car is an automotive insurance policy that includes around-the- clock access to on-site support by SECOM emergency response personnel in the event of an accident if requested, thereby helping to resolve concerns. This feature, which also includes emergency response personnel con- tacting the police and ambulance services and photographing the accident site, continues to earn high marks.
    Net sales and operating revenue
(In billions of yen) 60
47.7
40
20
44.8
46.9
   0
2018 2019 2020
 Operating income (loss)
(In billions of yen) 10
6.2
5
0
-4.9 -4.3
-5
2018 2019 2020
              34 SECOM REPORT 2020
A security advisor proposes fire insurance to new home security subscribers
 
 Geospatial Information Services
 Net sales and operating revenue
(In billions of yen) 60
51.9
0
2018 2019 2020
51.1
40
20
53.7
    Operating income
(In billions of yen) 3
1.9 1.7
1
3.0
 2
  0
2018 2019 2020
   3D image (mountainous area)
3D image (river)
   Operating highlights
Subsidiary Pasco collects geographic data from commercial satellites, aircraft, drones and proprietary vehicle- and ship-mounted sensors, among others, which it integrates, processes and analyzes to provide a variety of geospatial information services, assisting efforts to address diverse social imperatives. Pasco provides services to public sector entities—including national and local governments—and private sector customers in Japan. The company also extends services to customers in both the public and private sec- tors overseas. Services for public sector entities in Japan account for approximately 80% of segment net sales and operating revenue.
 Contributing to national resilience The need for measures to prevent disasters attributable to climate change, including flood- ing rivers and landslides, continues to grow. Using aerial lasers, Pasco collects high-precision 3D topographical data necessary for effective dam and river management and erosion con- trol and conducts risk assessments and evalu- ates scale of impact. The company also offers comprehensive surveying services that use a drone-mounted green laser scanner, enabling the simultaneous 3D topographical measure- ment of both the beds and above-ground portions of water bodies, helping boost the efficiency and precision of river management and fields included in the i-Construction* program. Pasco looks forward to expanding
its deployment of sophisticated geospatial information technologies to facilitate an accurate topographical understanding, as well
as to provide comprehensive assistance for risk assessment, the formulation of countermea- sures and effective management.
 Support for efforts to prevent
the deterioration of infrastructure
The aging of Japan’s infrastructure, much of which was built during the country’s postwar period of rapid economic growth, has become
a major issue. Pasco continues to see brisk results for the development of plans designed
to extend the lifespan of roads, bridges, schools and other infrastructure assets. The company also provides integrated support for the prepara- tion of infrastructure-specific electronic ledgers, as well as the implementation of inspections to assess deterioration, and the formulation of long-term repair plans and maintenance work, and will continue to actively submit proposals to local governments nationwide.
 Providing total services for logistics Pasco is collaborating with companies to enhance services and expand marketing channels in order to solve challenges in the logistics industry. Pasco leverages its geospa- tial information technologies to conduct mar- keting and location analysis and determine optimal warehouse configurations, and has partnered an ICT solutions provider in the area of warehouse management and with a logis- tics solutions developer in the area of delivery management. To enhance delivery from ware- houses, Pasco prepares optimized delivery plans and ensures effective crisis management in the event of a disaster, while an allied mobile navigation services provider offers route navigation.
Looking ahead, Pasco will step up its efforts to provide total logistics and other next-generation services that will lead to future growth. To this end, it will strengthen cooperation with companies and academic institutions in diverse fields.
* The i-Construction program was launched by Japan’s Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) as an initiative aimed at deploying ICT in construction and civil engineering to help overcome persistent labor shortages.
  PASCO collects high-precision 3D topographical data necessary to assess various risks
SECOM REPORT 2020 35

  SECOM Today
    BPO and ICT Services
Operating highlights
This segment encompasses the operations of subsidiaries Secom Trust Systems, which devel- ops and provides ICT services that resolve a variety of issues faced by customers, delivering safety and peace of mind and making lives more comfortable and convenient; At Tokyo, one of Japan’s largest data center operators, which offers services boasting excellent con- nectivity to mainstay cloud-based services; and TMJ, which provides BPO services, including contact center and back office support services.
Large-scale disaster preparedness, information security and cloud-based services
Secom Trust Systems provides wide-ranging services that assist in the formulation of BCPs to ensure preparedness, the implementation of effective immediate response measures and the prompt restart of operations in the after- math of a major disaster. The SECOM Safety Confirmation Service enables subscribers to swiftly ascertain the safety of employees and their families and damage to sites in the event of a major earthquake or other disaster or the failure of key infrastructure. As of March 31, 2020, this service was used by approximately 7,900 companies employing around 7.1 million individuals, with contracts with large companies and public-sector entities continu- ing to grow. Since its release, steps have been taken in response to customer feedback to improve convenience, as a result of which it is now possible to confirm and report on safety using the business communication tools of major social media services.
In response to COVID-19, Secom Trust Systems prepared a questionnaire template to help companies to promptly confirm the status of their employees’ health, providing certain components free of charge to support companies’ efforts to prevent the further spread of the virus. Moreover, with the
pandemic forcing people to change the way they work, accelerating the trend toward telework, the company is also focusing efforts on proposing cloud-based services that make new work styles safer and more comfortable. Examples include personnel management– related services such as the SECOM Anshin Employee Attendance Management Service KING OF TIME Edition, which makes it possible for employees utilizing telework to enter work start and end times and manage attendance data online regardless of their location, and the SECOM Secure Digital Payslip Service that enables employees to safely manage and view salary details protected by stringent SECOM security. SECOM Trust Systems also capitalizes on our robust secure data center capabilities and the competitive advantage we enjoy
as a certification authority to offer a variety of services that contribute to the resolution of issues faced by companies, including
the SECOM Secure Digital Minutes Service, which makes it possible to approve digitized minutes of Board of Directors’ meetings held via Web conference or teleconference; the SECOM Anshin Eco Document Digitization Service, which digitizes contracts and other documents; and the SECOM Secure File Transmission Service, which facilitates the
      Net sales and operating revenue
(In billions of yen) 120
101.3 76.8
40
110.9
  80
  0
2018 2019 2020
 Operating income
(In billions of yen) 12
9.4 8.1
8
4
10.6
    0
2018 2019 2020
36 SECOM REPORT 2020
SECOM Safety Confirmation Service: Helping ensure safety in the COVID-19 era

  At Tokyo data center
safe and secure transmission of electronic files to and from individuals in teleworking environments. Looking ahead, SECOM Trust Systems will continue to enhance its lineup of services that support new ways of working.
Data center services
Data center operator At Tokyo capitalizes
on its many years of experience and opera- tional know-how to offer a broad range of customers uninterrupted, around-the-clock data center services that respond to diverse needs and have earned a reputation for world-class quality and reliability. Of note,
the company’s key competitive advantage is its ability to provide high-grade services that boast low latency and excellent connectivity together with megacloud, internet exchange (IX) and diverse other services, creating an important IT infrastructure for companies for which system outages would significantly impact society. In recent years, companies have been forced to address business risks associated with large-scale natural disasters, prompting a further increase in demand for data center services in the Kansai region, which is unlikely to suffer a disaster concur- rently with the Tokyo metropolitan area. In light of this trend, in January 2020 At Tokyo opened a new data center in the Kansai region to help ensure business continuity for financial institutions in the event of a major disaster. In April, the company opened another new data center for use as a network communication hub in the same region.
Going forward, At Tokyo will continue to promote the qualitative and quantitative expansion of its data center operations in response to rising demand, providing a platform that will support the realization of diverse services essential to tomorrow’s advanced information society.
BPO services
In Japan, a declining labor force and the spread of COVID-19 are spurring brisk demand for high-grade BPO services that deliver safety and peace of mind. Subsidiary TMJ provides highly rated contact center
and back office support services tailored to the needs of financial institutions and other companies. In March 2020, TMJ leveraged
its know-how in the management of contact centers to develop voice sentiment analysis AI to assist call center operations in collaboration with a firm specializing in AI-based voice sentiment analysis. This AI is deployed to analyze and evaluate the emotions of call center operators and customers from their vocal intonation and displays the results on the operators’ monitors. Supervisors can check the results displayed in real time and provide advice, thereby helping to improve the skills
of new operators. This also contributes to the creation of more positive work environments for operators.
With an increasing number of companies introducing telework arrangements as a result of COVID-19, TMJ is working to boost sales of the SECOM Call on Duty Service,
an outsourced telephone receptionist
service that responds to calls coming into the customers premises around the clock whenever requested. Through the provision of this service, the company seeks to support the creation of an environment that enables employees to work from remote locations comfortably and securely, as well as to increase customers for its high-grade contact center services.
 Operator at call center deploying voice sentiment analysis (TMJ)
SECOM REPORT 2020 37

 SECOM Today
   Real Estate and Other Services
Operating highlights
 Real estate development and sales We continue to promote the development and sales of the Glorio Residence series of family- focused condominiums, which boast the latest security systems, extensive disaster prepared- ness features and dependable follow-up services, reflecting the concepts of security, peace of mind and reliability. We also offer
the Glorio Comfort series of inviting, high- performance urban condominiums that offer outstanding security in a compact package, and the Glorio Scelto series of condominiums for lease and pre-owned condominiums that have been renovated in response to rising demand. On another front, we opened condominium information centers in the Tokyo metropolitan area to handle inquiries about housing-related issues. With remote support becoming a new normal in the era
of COVID-19, we also launched an online condominium information center that enables people to access services from their homes. Looking ahead, we will promote sales activities that make use of these facilities.
 Real estate leasing
Our real estate leasing business focuses on advantageous locations in central Tokyo. This business comprises extensive, highly rated maintenance and management that are used by diverse companies in various industries.
 Construction and installation
We have created a configuration for providing a wide range of high-grade services, from the design and installation of air conditioning, plumbing and electrical systems to building maintenance.
 Home services
SECOM Home Service is an optional suite of services available to SECOM Home Security subscribers with a diverse menu that enables us to tailor packages that help customers resolve concerns in everyday life. Services offered vary from housework support to patrolling around subscribers’ homes when they are out.
     Net sales and operating revenue
(In billions of yen) 60
46.6
0
2018 2019 2020
 45.5
40
20
51.2
   Operating income
(In billions of yen) 12
8
4
 38 SECOM REPORT 2020
6.9
5.1
6.0
  0
2018 2019 2020
  Glorio Residence Urawa Motocho
Condominium information center display room
SECOM Home Service

  Sustainability
Basic philosophy and framework for promotion
Since our establishment, we have sought to fulfill our responsibil- ity to society through our business activities, acknowledging the importance of sustainability for ourselves and for society. In light of dramatic socioenvironmental changes and the increasingly serious nature of issues such as crimes and accidents, cyber crimes, illness and aging, and natural disasters, the entire SECOM Group is work- ing as one to create the ANSHIN Platform, a service infrastructure designed to provide services that deliver peace of mind to people in their everyday lives, as well as to society as a whole.
The key to our efforts to further enhance corporate value is having human resources who are committed to providing satis- faction that exceeds customers’ expectations. The evolution of social imperatives continues to underscore the importance of securing and fostering talented human resources who have the ability to adapt to change and create value and who seek to contribute to society. By ensuring that SECOM’s Philosophy permeates our operations and encouraging adherence to the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct, we have built a diverse team of people who thrive in a free and open corporate culture, which we recognize as our greatest asset. We also
Support for the UNGC
In May 2018, we became a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and pledged our support for the Ten Principles of the UNGC, which are classified into the four categories of ”Human rights,” “Labour,” “Environment”
and “Anti-corruption.”
understand the need for rigorous corporate governance in increasing the trust of society and fully leveraging our competi- tive edge. Further, recognizing that protecting the environment is essential to our ability to provide services that deliver safety and peace of mind and make life more comfortable and convenient, we incorporate consideration for the environment into all aspects of our operations.
Our day-to-day business activities are structured to both facili- tate sustainable growth, as well as to resolve ESG-related issues. We believe that increasing corporate value by expanding our busi- ness activities directly improves our ability to address ESG-related issues, which in turn enables us to contribute to the achievement of the SDGs. We thus continue to place a priority on maintaining a strong relationship and encouraging dialogue with our various stakeholders as we advance sustainability. To further strengthen sustainability initiatives, in October 2019 we established the Sustainability Promotion Office, which functions as a Groupwide body, collecting and sharing information from relevant depart- ments while working to reinforce efforts to address ESG-related issues and enhance related disclosure.
   Earning selection for inclusion in ESG investment indices
 Our efforts to address ESG-related issues continue to earn high marks from third-party assessment organizations around the world. Of note, we have been selected as a constituent of a number of
key global ESG investment indices. These include all four indices
for Japanese equities used by Japan’s GPIF*.
* The four indexes used by the GPIF are the FTSE Blossom Japan Index, the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index, the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN) and the S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index.
      THE INCLUSION OF SECOM CO., LTD., IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF SECOM CO., LTD., BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
SECOM REPORT 2020 39
 
ESG Initiatives
 Relevant SDGs
Central themes
SECOM’s Philosophy and the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct
Social initiatives
  Summary
     Occupational health and safety
Preparation of manuals that draw on our accumulated know-how and promotion of training to ensure employee safety and collaboration with the SECOM Health Insurance Union to manage employee health
       Securing and fostering talented human resources
  Advancing diversity
  Promoting work–life balance
  Dialogue with employees
 Occupational health and safety
We believe that our ability to provide safety and peace of mind to our customers depends on first ensuring the health and vitality of our employees. Accordingly, we promote various initiatives aimed at protecting and enhancing employee health and creating safe, employee-friendly workplaces.
The Human Resource Division has established a system to com- prehensively manage occupational health in collaboration with the Health Promotion Office, which is staffed with occupational health physicians (OHPs), and the SECOM Health Insurance Union. To pro- mote continuous improvements in occupational health and safety, health committees nationwide meet monthly to discuss key issues, including employee working hours and efforts to improve health, enhance work environments ensure safety and prevent risks. We also actively care for employees’ mental health, conducting stress checks, arranging meetings with psychiatrists and specialized counselors, to make certain that employees feel both physically and mentally supported.
To ensure occupational safety, the Operation Division verifies day-to-day security operations and works to reduce identified occupational safety risks. Our operational and control structure facilitates the efficient exchange of reports and instructions between the front lines and senior management, ensuring that the latter is fully apprised of day-to-day operations across Japan and able to provide guidance for the improvements where
Efforts to ensure the full penetration of SECOM’s Philosophy and encourage strict compliance with the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct to bolster employee motivation and earn the trust of society
Assignment of diversity and inclusion staff to the Human Resource Department to promote the creation of positive work environments in which diverse employees can maximize their capabilities
Employee job satisfaction surveys and the exchange of opinions between the SECOM Employee Union Federation and executives to facilitate the creation of employee-friendly workplaces
necessary to enhance occupational safety. The division has developed procedures and equipment designed to prevent accidents and promotes initiatives to improve employee skills, including a program that seeks to improve driving techniques. Efforts to ensure safe, employee-friendly workplaces also include the provision of extensive training aimed at preventing occupational accidents, including that related to the risks of security accidents in various situations.
Participants in Training Aimed at Preventing Occupational Accidents
    40 SECOM REPORT 2020
Focus on securing and fostering talented human resources who have the ability to adapt to change and create value and who seek to contribute to society
   Establishment of programs and promotion of ongoing efforts to enhance work–life balance and increase employee retention
(Number of people) 3,000
2,000
1,000
0 2018
2019 2020 (Years ended March 31)
2,610 2,015
2,348
 *Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
   
 SECOM’s Philosophy and the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct
 Encouraging awareness of SECOM’s Philosophy and adherence
to the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct are essential
to maximizing the trust of stakeholders and our corporate value. Handed down since our establishment, SECOM’s Philosophy pro- vides a spiritual anchor for Group employees and the entire SECOM Group. The driving force behind our growth and evolution, this philosophy emphasizes a refusal to be content with the status quo and a commitment to doing what is appropriate. The first element expresses our determination to offer innovative services and systems
by challenging accepted norms, while the second calls for judging the legitimacy of our actions by examining whether they are just, fair and beneficial not only to SECOM but also to society as a whole. The SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct sets forth ideals for the conduct of employees in both public and private life and spe- cific standards for the day-to-day performance of duties. We have published SECOM’s Philosophy and the SECOM Group Code of Em- ployee Conduct in the form of handbooks and pocket-sized guides, which are distributed to employees in Japan and overseas.
 Penetration of SECOM’s Philosophy
               Tri ionInitiative Passion Emotion Motivation
Employees who personify SECOM’s Philosophy
A stronger corporate culture
A well- established brand
Trust of society
• Increased contracts
• Improved assessment by society • Optimized operations
  Incomparable intangible assets
 Diverse human resources who share SECOM’s Philosophy and thrive in a free and open organizational culture
   Questions on SECOM’s Philosophy and the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct are included in our e-learning program, which is provided annually, and employees’ compliance status is reflected in their semiannual performance reviews. An employee who becomes aware of a violation is obliged to submit a report to
his or her superior. In addition, we have established a whistle- blowing system. We are currently using IT equipment and taking
Securing and fostering talented human resources
Our vibrant, diverse team of employees, who are critical to our ability to provide services that deliver safety and peace of mind, are our greatest asset and another driving force behind our growth and evolution. Accordingly, we strive to secure and foster talented human resources who have the ability to adapt to change and create value and who seek to contribute to society.
As a company that extends services across Japan and around the world, we promote active recruiting efforts. We also work to enhance employee welfare with the goal of improving our ability to retain human resources, and have established a variety of programs designed to boost motivation and productivity, as well as to create
other steps to promote more strict observance. Since 2018,
we have promoted the Tri-ion initiative, which seeks to ensure that SECOM’s Philosophy fully penetrates every aspect of our operations and to bolster motivation and productivity Groupwide. Through this initiative, we aim to nurture employees who embody SECOM’s Philosophy to foster a stronger corporate culture, ensure a well-established brand and further earn the trust of society.
employee-friendly workplaces. One such program enables employ- ees to choose the geographic location to which they are assigned to suit career phase or personal preference.
We provide extensive training to foster human resources with high ethical standards and superior skills. In addition to training for all new employees, we have developed department- and job-specific curricula that reinforce practical capabilities in a manner that ben- efits employees on the front lines. We have also launched a variety of specialized training options, including an overseas study program and a subsidy system for employees to take correspondence courses. In the area of training for security guards, we have introduced VR
Sustainable growth
 SECOM REPORT 2020 41

 ESG Initiatives
technology, among others, to improve effectiveness and ensure employees acquire excellent discernment and know-how.
Employee performance reviews look to impartially evaluate employees’ efforts and support self-realization. Evaluations are based on reports prepared by employees assessing their execution of duties, achievements and areas in need of improvement, and rational assessment categories optimized for each particular job. We use an open, fair format whereby review results are disclosed to employees. In addition, we promote self-actualization through systems designed to assist with career development, including
the Self-Reporting System and Challenge Support System, which encourage employees to declare and assists their efforts to realize their own future goals and aspirations.
Advancing diversity
Recognizing the importance of welcoming a broad spectrum of individuals with wide-ranging ideas, to the creation of new value, we actively promote diversity in our labor force, including by advancing career opportunities for female employees. In 2017, we established the Declaration of Promoting Diversity and Inclusions, and assigned diversity and inclusion staff to the Human Resource Department. We currently promote the creation of positive work environments that maximize the capabilities of all employees regardless of gender, nationality, age, physical ability, sexual orientation or gender identity.
With the aim of actively fostering female leaders, we are a member of the nonprofit organization Japan Women’s Innovative Network (J-Win). We also dispatch two female employees to par- ticipate in J-Win programs, which are aimed at cultivating skills and helping female employees build networks.
Promoting work–life balance
We view work–life balance, including sufficient physical and mental rest and a fulfilling private life as essential to the ability to approach one’s work with energy and focus. In addition to actively encouraging employees to take annual paid vacation days, we have established vacation and leave systems in line with which we promote ongoing efforts to help employees achieve
a balance between their careers and private lives and enhance employee retention.
Participation in Training Programs
(Hours) 325,000
 
Hours spent in training (left scale) Participants (right scale)
(Number of people) 17,500
289,364 15,884
  250,000 243,993 15,000 203,699
  175,000
12,500
10,000
100,000
2018
2020
10,884
11,461
2019
(Years ended March 31)
 *Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
 Declaration of Promoting Diversity and Inclusions
• Guided by a disciplined corporate culture rooted in SECOM’s Philosophy, we respect differences and prioritize diversity in our human resources.
• We aim to be an organization in which all employees can work with drive, vitality, confidence and pride.
• We consistently pursue the creation of innovative value by sup- porting employee growth and enhancing synergies among the various strengths of individual employees.
Labor Force by Gender
Executive management Other
*Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
As of March 31, 2020
91.2% 8.8% 76.0% 24.0%
 Male
Female
    Total
81.5%
18.5%
   42 SECOM REPORT 2020
• Flex vacation: Enables employees to take 10 consecutive vacation days annually, in theory at any time during the year
• Refresh vacation: A two-week vacation available to employees every 10 years
• Maternity leave: Available for the six weeks prior to and eight weeks after giving birth; an additional two weeks is available to employees who wish to start their maternity leave earlier
• Childcare leave: Can be taken by both female and male employees up until the day before the child’s third birthday

 • Change in working hours/exemption (shorter working hours) for childcare: Available within certain restrictions on request to employees who are pregnant or have children who have not yet entered the second grade of elementary school (exceeds legal requirement, which is children under the age of three)
• Nursing care leave or change in working hours/exemp- tion (shorter working hours) for nursing care: Full leave or adjusted working hours for up to six months (maximum of 186 days) for employees providing nursing care to a family member wishing to return to work full-time after conclusion of nursing care provision
Percentage of Annual Paid Vacation Days Taken by Employees
• SECOM Life Support Program: Allows employees to tem- porarily change work style and/or location to which they are assigned to provide childcare or nursing care or to accompany a spouse who has been transferred overseas and provides support for long-term career advancement
• Job Return Program: Enables people who have left employ- ment at SECOM for unavoidable reasons such as childbirth, childcare or nursing care to apply to return to work
(%) 60
50
40
(Number of people)
200 160 120
80
  Total (left scale)
  Male employees (right scale)
(Number of people)
20 16 12
8
53.3
53.2
Employees Taking Childcare Leave
 50.0
137
138
10 9 10
4 30 00
2018 2019 2020
(Years ended March 31)
*Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
Dialogue with employees
We seek to achieve sustainable growth as a strong, flexible organi- zation that is impervious to the impact of social change and the competitive environment. We are thus working to create a virtuous circle, recognizing the importance of enabling employees who share SECOM’s Philosophy to demonstrate their full potential, which helps raise the quality of the services and products we provide, thereby enhancing customer satisfaction and earning the trust of society, which in turn increases employees’ job satisfaction. Since 2016, we have conducted an annual anonymous employee job satisfaction survey. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the response rate for this survey was 85.5%.
Reflecting our fundamental belief that the growth of our employees is inextricably linked to our prosperity, we signed a union membership qualification agreement with SECOM Lively Union (the SECOM Employee Union Federation), which was estab- lished in 1964, and became a union shop, meaning that in
40
*Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
principle employees automatically become union members when they are hired. As a consequence, our union membership rate for eligible employees is 100%.
We place a priority on dialogue between labor and manage- ment. With the aim of boosting employee morale, building a vibrant and healthy organizational culture and maximizing organi- zational energy, the management representatives, including the President and Representative Director, meet monthly with SECOM Lively Union to exchange views. Discussions are also held at SECOM Group companies and branches across Japan to address issues such as improving workplace environments and operating procedures and ensuring occupational health and safety. SECOM Lively Union also exchanges views with management through meetings with employees on organizational culture and the SECOM Employee Central Council.
127
        2018 2019 2020
(Years ended March 31)
 SECOM REPORT 2020 43

 ESG Initiatives
 GoverGnoavnecrenianitcieatives
 Relevant SDGs
 Corporate governance
Central themes
  Information security/data security
Summary
Independent oversight of management and ensure proper business execution while working to actively disclose information to shareholders and other stakeholders
Promotion of information security through establishment of the SECOM Group Information Security Basic Policy and creating and operating a robust information security system
    Compliance
Efforts to improve compliance by promoting strict adherence to the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct
In line with Japan’s Corporate Governance Code and at the direction of top management, outside members of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board provide independent oversight of the management team’s performance in a manner that takes into account the interest of stakeholders and ensures the appropriate execution of business activities. We also work actively to disclose information to shareholders and other stakeholders and strengthen our compliance framework.
 Basic philosophy
 With the aim of earning the continued support of our customers, shareholders, clients, employees, local communities and other stakeholders as a company with value that is worthy of trust,
we strive to maximize corporate and shareholder value over the medium to long term and recognize the importance of fulfilling our responsibilities as a corporate citizen and achieving sustainable growth and development.
Initiatives to strengthen corporate governance
 1986: Creates SECOM’s Philosophy
 Area
Establishment of corporate governance system
1986
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
 Separation of management and execution
 Number of directors designated in the Articles of Incorporation
 Term of service of directors
 Number of directors
 Number of auditors
 Number of outside directors
 Number of outside auditors
 Remuneration for/ appointment of directors
       2006: Formulates basic rules of management for SECOM Group companies
 2010: Establishes the SECOM Group Management Committee
    2004: Institutes an executive officer system
Up to 2004: Maximum of 40
 From 2005: Maximum of 20
     Up to 2003: 2 years
 From 2004: 1 year
2000–2001: 28–29 2002–2003: 22–23
 From 2004: 10–13
Up to 2002: 2
 From 2003: 3
Up to 2010: 4
 From 2011: 5
2013–2015: 2
From 2016: 3
 From 2020: 4
            2016:
Establishes Nomination and Compensation Committee
 2017:
Adopts performance-linked remuneration system
  44 SECOM REPORT 2020

 Outline of corporate governance system
We are a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board. The Board of Directors, which includes four outside members, determines overall management and business execution policies and super- vises the execution of duties by directors. Executive officers, led by the President and Representative Director, are responsible for business execution. Under our corporate governance system, the Audit & Supervisory Board, which includes three outside mem- bers, and the Board of Directors coordinate with the internal audit departments to audit and supervise directors’ and executive
officers’ discharge of their duties. We believe that this enables us to conduct independent oversight of management and ensure appropriate business execution.
The Nomination and Compensation Committee has been established as a discretionary committee of the Board of Directors. This committee, which is responsible for presenting candidates for the position of director to the Board of Directors and for ensuring the appropriateness of remuneration for directors, comprises seven directors, four of whom are outside.
  Corporate governance organization
 Appointment/ dismissal
Selection/ oversight
General Meeting of Shareholders
Proposal of candidates for the position of director
Determination/submission of decisions regarding remuneration
Reporting on important matters
Coordination Enhancement of compliance/internal auditing
Deliberation
Appointment/ dismissal
Office of Audit & Supervisory Board: Three employees (Operational, accounting and compliance audits)
Accounting audit
 Board of Directors
(11 members, four of whom are outside directors)
 Authorization/consultation regarding remuneration
 Nomination and Compensation Committee
  Audit & Supervisory Board
(Five members, three of whom are outside)
   Chairman and Representative Director
  President and Representative Director
Internal audit departments
 Legal affairs departments
      Executive Officers
Organizational Culture Committee
Audit by independent public accountants
  Board of Directors
Executive Officers
Audit & Supervisory Board
  The Board of Directors comprises 11 directors and in principle meets monthly, with five members of the Audit & Supervisory Board also in attendance. The Board of Directors is responsible for deciding overall management policies and business execution policies, as well as for monitoring the performance of duties by directors, and strives to promote the active exchange of opinions with the aim of ensuring effective and swift decision making. Six of the 11 members are responsible for business execution, with the remaining five members (the founder and the four outside directors) having no involvement.
  We have adopted an executive officers system, whereby the Board of Directors is responsible for decision making and the executive officers are responsible for business execution. This was done with the aim of strengthening field divisions and enhancing customer service systems by clarifying responsibilities and authority and expediting business execution. We currently have 30 executive officers, six of whom are also directors.
 The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises five members, two of whom are full-time and three of whom are outside. In principle, the Audit & Supervisory Board meets monthly. Individuals well-versed in our businesses and internal affairs, as well as in finance and accounting, are appointed to serve as full-time members, while individuals who are independent of the management team, have extensive knowledge of corporate management, legal, financial and other matters and are capable of providing effective oversight and monitoring of the management team, are appointed to serve as outside members.
   SECOM REPORT 2020 45

 ESG Initiatives
Nomination of candidates for appointment to the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board In accordance with the policy for appointment set forth by the Board of Directors, candidates for appointment to the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board are decided through deliberation by the Board of Directors. Candidates for the Board of Directors are nominated from among candidates determined through discussion by the Nomination and Compensation Committee, the majority of whom are outside directors. Candi- dates for the Audit & Supervisory Board are nominated with the agreement of the Audit & Supervisory Board.
Internal audits and cooperation among board members and offices
Audits by Audit & Supervisory Board members
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend important meetings, including those of the Board of Directors, to exchange opinions on overall corporate management, as well as to collect reports on the discharge of duties from directors and other pertinent individuals and conduct audits focused on the possible occurrence of violations of laws, regulations, the Articles of Incorporation and/or sharehold- ers’ interests. The Audit & Supervisory Board also conducts audits of our overall business activities, as well as those of subsidiaries and affiliates, in accordance with annual audit plans.
Regular meetings between the President and Representative Director and Audit & Supervisory
Board members
Audit & Supervisory Board members hold regular (monthly) meet- ings with the President and Representative Director, during which they exchange opinions on important management-related issues, including the results of audits, to ensure common understanding.
Meetings between Audit & Supervisory Board members and accounting auditors
Audit & Supervisory Board members meet regularly (six times annually) with the accounting auditors, as well as additional meet- ings as necessary, for the purpose of exchanging opinions and information. Audit & Supervisory Board members receive explana- tions and exchange opinions regarding annual audit plans and audit results. If necessary, Audit & Supervisory Board members also act as witnesses during audits conducted by the accounting auditors at remote locations and during audit reviews (23 times in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020).
Collaboration with internal audit and other departments
Audit & Supervisory Board members hold regular (monthly) meet- ings with the Internal Audit and Compliance Department, during which they receive reports and exchange opinions on the results of internal audits and, as appropriate, receive reports on inspec- tions of subsidiaries from and exchange opinions and information with the Group Governance Department. If necessary, to ensure the efficiency of audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members ask the internal audit departments to conduct investigations.
Principal Activities of Audit & Supervisory Board members in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020
77 times
101 locations
 Participation in meetings of the Board of Directors
 Participation in meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board
 Information sessions with directors and other executives of the parent company, subsidiaries and affiliated companies
 Audits conducted by Audit & Supervisory Board members at remote locations
 98.18% 98.18%
 46 SECOM REPORT 2020

 Outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
 We appoint individuals who have extensive knowledge of corpo- rate management to serve as outside directors, thereby incorpo- rating a broad range of external perspectives not constrained by the internal affairs. We thus have a structure that ensures the transparency and objectivity of management.
We appoint Audit & Supervisory Board members who have a wealth of knowledge of corporate management, legal, financial and other matters (including three outside members, who are essentially independent of the management team). We have also established an auditing organization (including the Office of Audit & Supervisory Board Members) that operates independent of day- to-day operations and a process (including periodic meetings
between the President and Representative Director, among others, and the Audit & Supervisory Board members). This ensures that Audit & Supervisory Board members’ objective and neutral opin- ions are reflected promptly in operations. As a consequence, we believe that we fulfill our responsibility to conduct independent oversight of management performance in a manner that takes into account the interests of stakeholders.
We appoint outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members on the basis of pertinent requirements set forth in Japan’s Companies Act and the standards concerning inde- pendence set forth by financial instruments exchanges.
   Name
Principal activities
  Attendance at Board of Directors’ meetings
Attendance at Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
 Outside directors
   Takaharu Hirose
Mr. Hirose offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained in the foundation and management of multiple enterprises and industry organizations. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.
  11/11
—
  Hirobumi Kawano
Mr. Kawano offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained through the holding of important positions in government. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.
  11/11
—
  Hajime Watanabe
Mr. Watanabe offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained through his many years of experience in corporate management. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.
  11/11
—
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
   Hideki Kato
 Mr. Kato offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience gained through the execution of national policies and insights gained as a result of his accomplishments at a policy think tank. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.
   11/11
 11/11
  Makoto Yasuda
Mr. Yasuda offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained in the management of a global enterprise. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.
  11/11
11/11
  Setsuo Tanaka
Mr. Tanaka offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained through the holding of important positions in government. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues. He also makes efforts to understand what was discussed at Board of Directors or Audit & Supervisory Board meetings he has missed by obtaining reports on resolutions from, respectively, the individual in charge of meeting administration or an Audit & Supervisory Board member.
  7/8
7/8
Outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
          Notes: 1. Information on attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board is for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
2. Setsuo Tanaka was elected and assumed the position of Audit & Supervisory Board member at the ordinary general meeting of shareholders held on July 26, 2019.
Accordingly, the figures for his attendance are for meetings of the Board of Directors meetings and the Audit & Supervisory Board held on or after that date.
SECOM REPORT 2020 47

 ESG Initiatives
Remuneration for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
 Remuneration for directors consists of pecuniary remuneration and stock compensation (shares with restrictions on transfer). Outside directors are eligible for pecuniary remuneration only.
Pecuniary remuneration is determined by the Nomination and Compensation Committee, which has received authorization from the Board of Directors, within the maximum limit resolved at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders. Pecuniary remuneration for directors comprises basic remuneration and bonuses, the latter of which is linked to consolidated operating results and individual contribution. Outside directors receive basic remuneration only.
Stock compensation is determined by discussion of the Board of Directors, taking into account deliberations by the Nomination
and Compensation Committee within the limit resolved at the Or- dinary General Meeting of Shareholders set separately from that set for pecuniary remuneration. In addition to incentives offered with the goal of driving sustainable growth in corporate value, directors other than those who are outside receive shares with restrictions on transfer, the objective of which is to promote the further sharing of value with shareholders.
Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members, which comprises pecuniary remuneration only, is determined through discussion involving Audit & Supervisory Board members in amounts commensurate with individual duties. Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members is set within the maximum limit resolved at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.
 Remuneration for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020)
 Position
Total remuneration (Millions of yen)
Breakdown of total remuneration (Millions of yen)
 Number of entitled individuals
Basic remuneration
Bonus
Restricted stock
Directors (excluding outside directors)
 341
 272
 52
 15
  7
 Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside members)
  45
 45
–
 –
 2
 Outside directors
 30
 30
 –
 –
 3
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
 25
 25
 –
 –
 4
Total
442
373
52
15
16
       48 SECOM REPORT 2020

 Philosophy regarding the diversity and size of the Board of Directors
 The Board of Directors consists of internal directors, who are familiar with SECOM’s businesses and have diverse knowledge
and several outside directors, includes several outside directors with extensive insight in corporate management and other areas. Diversity in terms of gender and international experience is ensured
Evaluation of the Board of Directors’ effectiveness
Evaluation process
The effectiveness of the Board of Directors is evaluated annually. In January 2020, a survey was conducted. Responses were col- lated by the Board’s secretariat in early March and findings were subsequently discussed by the Board.
Summary of findings
Composition of the Board of Directors
The opinion was expressed that the diversity of the Board of Directors and the balance between execution and oversight are suitable and that the Board is an appropriate size to ensure active discussion and swift decision making. Constructive views were also expressed regarding further diversification of the Board’s composi- tion in terms of gender and other considerations.
Administration of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors meets once monthly in principle to enable swift discussion and resolution of critical matters. To ensure that directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members are able to make appropriate decisions, matters deemed particularly critical are discussed by the Board of Directors prior to resolution and pending matters are reported to the Board of Directors subse- quent to resolution. In 2020, both outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members actively made comments and
and the number of members is appropriate to facilitate discussions and resolutions of substance. We will continue working to enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors by promoting further diversity and ensuring the appropriate size of the Board.
expressed the opinion that the atmosphere in which they function encourages them to speak and that further improvements in the administration of the Board of Directors had been seen since the 2019 survey. Various opinions were also expressed, including that opportunities should be created for free debate, thereby invigorat- ing discussion, as well as for further communication with outside directors.
Oversight function of the Board of Directors
Matters handled by the Board of Directors are selected appropri- ately, based on the Rules of the Board of Directors and the opin- ion was expressed that discussions on management policies and corporate philosophy are rigorous. In addition, constructive views were expressed regarding the progress of discussions regarding changes in the operating environment attributable to technologi- cal innovation and a declining labor force and related risks under- taken with a medium- to long-term perspective.
Future initiatives
To further enhance corporate value and realize an even more effective Board of Directors, we will continue to promote efforts to improve the board’s functions based on evaluations and opin- ions expressed.
 SECOM REPORT 2020 49

 ESG Initiatives
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers
   Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Takayuki Ito
Koji Kato
Hideki Kato* Makoto Yasuda* Setsuo Tanaka*
*Outside
Executive Team
         Makoto Iida
Founder
Yasuo Nakayama
Chairman and Representative Director
Ichiro Ozeki
President and Representative Director
         Yasuyuki Yoshida
Senior Executive Director
Takaharu Hirose
Outside Director
Tatsuro Fuse
Executive Director
Hirobumi Kawano
Outside Director
Tatsuya Izumida
Director
Hajime Watanabe
Outside Director
Tatsushi Kurihara
Director
Miri Hara
Outside Director
Directors
Yasuo Nakayama
Chairman and Representative Director
Ichiro Ozeki
President and Representative Director
Yasuyuki Yoshida
Senior Executive Director
Tatsuro Fuse
Executive Director
Tatsuya Izumida
Director
Tatsushi Kurihara
Director
Executive Officers
Kenichi Furukawa
Managing Executive Officer
Masahiro Takeda
Managing Executive Officer
Toshiaki Mizuno
Managing Executive Officer
Shokichi Ishimura
Managing Executive Officer
Keitaro Arai
Managing Executive Officer
Osamu Ueda
Managing Executive Officer
Yoshinori Yamanaka
Managing Executive Officer
Yoichi Sugimoto
Executive Officer
Sumiyuki Fukumitsu
Executive Officer
Kensuke Shindo
Executive Officer
Yasufumi Kuwahara
Executive Officer
Noriyuki Fukuoka
Executive Officer
Takeshi Akagi
Executive Officer
Sadahiro Sato
Executive Officer
Seiya Nagao
Executive Officer
Noriyuki Uematsu
Executive Officer
Osamu Nagai
Executive Officer
Atsushi Komatsu
Executive Officer
Kazuhiro Mitomo
Executive Officer
Takehiko Senda
Executive Officer
Takashi Nakada
Executive Officer
Michiyoshi Morita
Executive Officer
Makoto Inaba
Executive Officer
Toshinori Sugimoto
Executive Officer
     50 SECOM REPORT 2020
(As of July 31, 2020)

 Compliance
Basic philosophy
We provide security services, the objective of which is to protect the lives and assets of our customers from legal violations or mal- feasance by third parties. As such, we recognize that it is essential that we not only abide by the Constitution of Japan but also operate in a manner that complies with the letter and the spirit of pertinent laws and regulations.
Because they are in the position of regulating others, employees must also conduct themselves in a disciplined manner, discharging their duties in good faith and in compliance with the letter and the spirit of the law, to earn the trust of customers, which is critical to the security services business. Since our establishment, we have viewed compliance as a matter of utmost importance. Accordingly,
System for promotion and administration
Our approach to compliance is notable in that it does not involve the establishment of a dedicated system overseen by a specific department or director, but rather positions each and every employee on the front line of promoting the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct, including standards governing compliance, and ensuring ethical behavior.
Compliance is the foundation of each employee’s day-to-day work. Managers are responsible for providing guidance regarding the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct and overseeing the actions of employees to ensure compliance. Executive officers are responsible for providing control for the department they supervise, while the President and Representative Director pro- vides control for the company as a whole. Each executive officer must also have a thorough knowledge of the laws and regulations pertinent to the department he or she supervises, for which he
our basic policy has always been to promote systematic measures to ensure unqualified compliance with the letter and spirit of
the law.
The SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct prescribes specific standards for employee behavior and ethical principles that must be observed by all executives and employees in their relation- ships with stakeholders, including communities, customers and suppliers. The code, which is also published in the form of a pocket-sized guide, thus serves as a universal and timeless tem- plate for everyone in the SECOM family. Standards govern, among others, deterring relations with antisocial elements, prohibiting of corruption and bribery and complying with related laws.
or she may seek the assistance of the Legal Department and other related departments. When such laws and regulations are revised, executive officers are responsible for determining appropriate responses, including examining the need to amend the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct and, here again with cooperation of the Legal Department and other related departments, presenting related proposals to the President and Representative Director.
The duties of the internal audit departments, i.e., the Internal Audit and Compliance Department and the Group Governance Department, include inspecting each group, department and sub- sidiary, providing guidance on addressing matters requiring correc- tive action, and reporting inspection results to the President and Representative Director, as well as to relevant executive officers.
   SECOM REPORT 2020 51

 ESG Initiatives
Whistle-blowing system
The SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct requires employ- ees to report to their superior should they discover that an employee, executive or other individual affiliated with a sub- contractor has engaged in or appears likely to engage in an action that violates the code. In the event that no corrective measures are taken after a report has been made, or if circum- stances make reporting to a supervisor difficult, employees may report directly to the Internal Audit and Compliance Department via the Hot Helpline. Executives and employees of subsidiaries may report violations via the Group Head Office Helpline directly to the Group Governance Department.
Organizational Culture Committee
The Organizational Culture Committee is a standing committee chaired by the President and Representative Director that meets periodically or as necessary at the direction of the President and Representative Director, and examines important organizational culture-related issues and determines important official commendations and punishments.
The Organizational Culture Committee also deliberates on matters related to compliance with and the administration of the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct that have been
Global compliance training
We have translated SECOM’s Philosophy and the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct, which outlines the basic concept and specific standards for employee behavior, into multiple different languages and work to advance awareness across the
Whistle-blower’s names and the content of whistle-blower reports are kept confidential. As long as a report has been made in good faith, whistle-blowers are protected from any adverse impacts even if the report is not borne out by the subsequent investigation. Pertinent executive officers are obliged to swiftly assess the results of investigations and take appropriate corrective measures to resolve the situation. Whistle-blowers are notified confidentially of the nature and outcome of investigations.
Whistle-Blower Reports Received
reported to the President and Representative Director by the Internal Audit and Compliance Department or the executive officer in charge. If necessary, the committee examines proposals for modifying the system for administering compliance or amend- ing the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct. All such proposals must be deliberated by the Organizational Culture Committee, reviewed by Audit & Supervisory Board members
and approved by the Board of Directors.
global SECOM Group. We also provide training to the senior management of overseas Group companies on key aspects of compliance, including observance of laws and regulations, the prevention of bribery and internal controls.
  Year ended March 31, 2018
Year ended March 31, 2019
Year ended March 31, 2020
Number of reports
60
48
56
      52 SECOM REPORT 2020

  Information and Data Security
Policy and system for promoting information security
  With the rapid spread of IT, information security risks have risen significantly, as can be seen from the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks. Any leaks of personal or confidential information entrusted to us by a customer has the potential to seriously hinder our ability to provide security services, damage or adversely impact the customer, and result in the forfeiture of our brand image and reputation for reliability. Accordingly, we have created and main- tain a robust information security system.
We have also established the SECOM Group Information Security Basic Policy, to guide our efforts to promote stringent
Reducing information security risk
We have implemented powerful security measures to reduce risks associated with information leaks and cyber attacks. We also work to ensure that all employees of the SECOM Group, regardless of employment format, comply fully with our information security rules, which include rules governing the use of personal comput- ers and cellular telephones that must be protected for confiden- tiality reasons, the storage and carrying of information, and steps to be taken when an information security–related incident arises or a violation of any other information security rule is discovered.
Protecting personal information
The SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct states that all information obtained in the course of business is confidential and must not be leaked, a stipulation with which all executives and employees must strictly comply. We strive to prevent leak- age, loss and damage through employee training and efforts to promote awareness regarding the treatment of personal information, as well as by ensuring stringent management.
All employees are required to participate in e-learning programs and tests annually to confirm understanding of and adherence to basic procedures and rules. The internal audit departments conduct periodic inspections of the handling of personal infor- mation, data management and access control at each SECOM Group site. In addition, we have established a contact point for queries regarding the handling of personal information and for
information security. When we outsource work, we enter into appropriate contracts and provide guidance and supervision to subcontractors. We have put an executive officer in charge of information security for the Group as a whole. In addition, execu- tive officers in charge of each business have been made respon- sible for information security–related matters for their particular business, as well as for collaborating with the executive officer in charge of information security to report on issues and presenting proposals to the President and Representative Director.
Information system controls and audits are the responsibility of subsidiary Secom Trust Systems and are conducted in accordance with Japan’s Information Security Management System (ISMS) standards under the guidance of the executive officer in charge of information security. As well as conducting regular assessments of vulnerability to external cyber attack risks, we monitor information systems around the clock to ensure we are prepared to respond to risks, including those related to large-scale disasters and cyber attacks.
complaints and consultations regarding our system for managing and protecting personal information, facilitating swift and appropriate responses. The parent company and Secom Trust Systems have earned certification under Japan’s Privacy Mark, which is granted to organizations that take appropriate measures to protect personal information.
Thorough information security (Year ended March 31, 2020) • Annual e-learning and testing to confirm understanding and
adherence (participation: 100% of employees)
• Voluntary audits (implementation: 100% of sites) • No leaks of information
*Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
    SECOM REPORT 2020 53

 ESG Initiatives
 Environmental Initiatives
 Relevant SDGs
Central themes
Summary
         Prevention of global warming
Evaluation and management of the progress of environmental conservation initiatives against environmental key management indicators
Reduction of environmental impact across the value chain
  Efforts to grasp and reduce greenhouse gas emissions (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) and promote environment-friendly design
Response to the recommendations of the TCFD
Evaluation of risks and opportunities based on climate change scenario analysis and promotion of disclosure
    Prevention of global warming
We have established an environmental philosophy and basic envi- ronmental policy, in line with which we incorporate initiatives aimed at resolving environmental issues with the aim of achieving sustainable development. We evaluate and manage the SECOM Group’s progress in promoting these initiatives over the long term against seven major environmental management indicators.
Short-term target (previous target)
Average annual decrease in CO2 emissions of 1.5% until the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021
Medium-term target
35% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2031
Long-term target
80% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050
Breakdown of CO2 Emissions by
the SECOM Group in
the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020
Environmental Management Indicators
1. Greenhouse gas emissions (Scopes 1 and 2)
2. Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions as against target
reduction from the base year to be achieved by the fiscal year
ending March 31, 2031
3. CO2 emissions per unit of production (emissions intensity)
4. Consumption of fuel by vehicles
5. Use of electric power
6. Industrial waste and resources with market value
7. Greenhouse gas emissions across the value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3)
Scope 1: Direct emissions (including those from the combustion of fuel by vehicles, use of town gas and use of kerosene)
Scope 2: Indirect emissions (including those from the consumption of purchased electric power, cold and hot water, and steam)
Scope 3: Other indirect emissions (those not covered in Scope 1 or 2, from the activities of other companies up and down the value chain)
     Greenhouse Gas Emissions: Actual Results and Medium-Term Target
(Metric tons of CO2) 100,000
Base year
  Actual results   Target (35.0% reduction from the level in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014)
  90,000 80,000 70,000 60,000 50,000 40,000
80,871 78,907 79,295
2014 2015 2016
81,508 76,751 74,947
2017 2018 2019
13.5% decrease
(Average annual decrease: 2.4%)
Target for the year ending March 31, 2031: 35.0% reduction
(Average annual decrease: 2.5%)
69,939 52,566
2020 2031
(Years ended/ending March 31)
              * Greenhouse gas emissions for each fiscal year are calculated in terms of metric tons of CO2 equivalent. ** Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD. and 27 principal subsidiaries in the security services business.
  Combustion
of fuel by
vehicles 29.9%
Other 2.6%
Use of electricity
67.5%
     54 SECOM REPORT 2020

  Reduction of environmental impact across the value chain
Since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, we have sought to reduce greenhouse gas emissions across the entire value chain.
 Efforts to identify and reduce greenhouse gas emissions
(Scopes 1, 2 and 3)
We request all suppliers to calculate and report energy input, greenhouse gas emissions and water usage for products and services supplied to the SECOM Group. As of March 31, 2020, reports had been received from suppliers accounting for approximately 76% of procurement in monetary terms.
 Efforts to promote environment-friendly design
We have distributed green engineering guidelines to 109 suppliers. In designing products and services, we are also working to eliminate harmful chemical sub- stances, reduce consumption of electric power, conserve resources, extend useful life and promote recycling.
  Example of a System with
a Reduced Environmental Impact
(HANKS III s Security System for Financial Institutions)
Consumption of electric power: - 57%
Volume: - 55% Mass: -66%
 Response to the recommendations of the TCFD
In July 2019, we declared our support for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), pledging to proac- tively disclose information on the financial impacts of risks and opportunities associated with climate change on our future business activities in line with TCFD recommendations.
In businesses such as security services, data center services and medical services, the ability to provide stable and uninter- rupted services is critical. To maintain services and systems at an acceptable level, we have established a Risk Committee and assess risks from multiple perspectives, including scope of impact, scale, anticipated monetary cost of damage, urgency and fre- quency of occurrence, based on the results of Companywide risk analysis. For example, we are using a scenario that assumes we suffer damage due to a natural disaster to explore measures to minimize destruction and have created a management system whereby a report is made to the Board of Directors if the seriousness of damage warrants it.
We recognize that the price of fuel consumed by vehicles used in our security services business and climate change–related risks affecting our nonlife insurance and data center services businesses will increase, but we also understand that shifting customer needs will yield opportunities to expand demand for new services. Accord- ingly, we will promote strategies that seek to capitalize on opportu- nities while remaining mindful of the potential impact of risks on our operations.
Note: The TCFD was established in 2015 under the auspices of the Financial Stability Board (FSB) with the goal of developing basic disclosure recommendations to provide information on the potential impact of climate change on their profitability and cash flows.
  SECOM REPORT 2020 55

 ESG Initiatives
SASB Index
We have prepared a report under Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) guidance for the Professional & Commercial Services sector, which most closely aligns with the business of SECOM. This report can be accessed from the IR section of our corporate website.
SECOM’s SASB Index
Professional & Commercial Services Sector Sustainability Indicators
  Topic
Code
SV-PS-230a.1
Accounting Metric
Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks
    Data Security
SV-PS-230a.2
    SV-PS-230a.3
(1) Number of data breaches, (2) Percentage involving customers’ confidential business information or personally identifiable information, (3) Number of customers affected
     Workforce Diversity & Engagement
SV-PS-330a.1
  SV-PS-330a.2
(1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary turnover rate for employees
     Professional Integrity
SV-PS-510a.1
Description of approach to ensuring professional integrity
  SV-PS-510a.2
    SV-PS-330a.3
Description of policies and practices relating to collection, usage, and retention of customer information
Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for (1) executive management and (2) all other employees
Employee engagement as a percentage
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with professional integrity
   Topic
Code
Activity Metric
Data*
 Activity metrics
  SV-PS-000.A
Number of employees by:
(1) full-time and part-time, (2) temporary, and (3) contract
 (1) Full-time employees: (2) Temporary employees: (3) Contract employees:
14,506 1,390 1,647
   SV-PS-000.B
 Employee hours worked, percentage billable
  Employee hours worked: 29,892,709 Percentage billable: N/A
    *Data for “Activity metrics” is for SECOM CO., LTD., and is as of March 31, 2020, or for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. Because billing for electronic security services, our principal business, is based on fixed monthly fees, “percentage billable” is not applicable.
56 SECOM REPORT 2020

 Financial Review
Financial Information and References
  Operating Results
 Overview
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, SECOM CO., LTD. and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, “the Company”) sought to provide high-quality services and products that respond to the diverse needs of customers in its core security services segment, as well as in its fire protection services, medical services, insurance services, geospatial information services, BPO and ICT services, and real estate and other services segments.
Thanks to increases in all segments, consolidated net sales
and operating revenue in the period under review advanced 4.4%, or ¥49.1 billion, to ¥1,160.7 billion. Despite the impact of forward-looking investments to reinforce the Company’s operat- ing foundation with the aim of ensuring sustainable growth, operating income rose 5.5%, or ¥6.9 billion, to ¥130.6 billion, bolstered by operating income growth in the fire protection ser- vices, BPO and ICT services, geospatial information services, real estate and other services, and medical services segments, as well as by a smaller operating loss in the insurance services segment. Nonetheless, owing to a ¥139 million loss on private equity invest- ments, compared with a ¥4.7 billion gain on such investments in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, together with an increase in income taxes that reflected a larger reversal of the valuation allowance in the preceding period, net income attributable
to SECOM CO., LTD., decreased 2.8%, or ¥2.6 billion, to
¥87.1 billion.
Net Sales and Operating Revenue
Consolidated net sales and operating revenue in the period under review rose 4.4%, or ¥49.1 billion, to ¥1,160.7 billion, thanks
to increases in all segments. (For further information, please see Segment Information below.)
Costs and Expenses
Total costs and expenses advanced 4.3%, or ¥42.3 billion, to ¥1,030.1 billion. Cost of sales rose 4.5%, or ¥34.9 billion, to ¥819.9 billion, and was equivalent to 70.6% of net sales and operating revenue, essentially level with the previous fiscal year. Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses were up 2.4%, or ¥4.9 billion, to ¥205.8 billion, equivalent to 17.7%
of net sales and operating revenue, an improvement from 18.1% in the preceding period. Impairment loss on long-lived assets increased ¥357 million, to ¥952 million. The Company also reported an impairment loss on goodwill of ¥758 million. Additionally, the Company reported a loss on sales and disposal of fixed assets, net, of ¥2.8 billion, ¥1.3 billion more than in
the previous fiscal year, reflecting the disposal of certain existing buildings as a consequence of reconstruction, a decline in sales of real estate for lease and other factors.
Operating Income
Operating income rose 5.5%, or ¥6.9 billion, to ¥130.6 billion. This was largely attributable to the increase in net sales and operating revenue, which absorbed higher costs and expenses. The operating margin edged up to 11.2%, from 11.1%.
Other Income and Expenses
Other income decreased ¥1.3 billion, to ¥10.0 billion, owing primarily to a loss on private equity investments of ¥139 million, compared with a gain of ¥4.7 billion in the preceding period, although this was partially offset by a ¥2.3 billion gain on sales of securities, net, resulting from the sale of a U.S. subsidiary in the geospatial information services business during the period under review, compared with a ¥115 million loss on sales of securities, net, in the previous fiscal year. Other expenses rose ¥116 million, to ¥6.5 billion. Net other income thus amounted to ¥3.5 billion, down ¥1.4 billion.
Income from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes and Equity in Net Income of Affiliated Companies
The aforementioned results yielded income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in net income of affili- ated companies of ¥134.0 billion, up 4.3%, or ¥5.5 billion, from the preceding period.
Income Taxes
Income taxes amounted to ¥40.9 billion, an increase of ¥5.8 bil- lion, owing to a larger reversal of the valuation allowance in the previous fiscal year. This was equivalent to 30.5% of income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in net income of affiliated companies, up from 27.3%.
Equity in Net Income of Affiliated Companies
Equity in net income of affiliated companies slipped ¥348 million, to ¥6.7 billion.
Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests rose ¥1.9 billion, to ¥12.6 billion. The principal factor behind this result was increases in operating income in the fire protection services and geospatial information services segments.
Net Income Attributable to SECOM CO., LTD.
Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD., decreased 2.8%, or ¥2.6 billion, to ¥87.1 billion, equivalent to 7.5% of net sales and operating revenue, declining from 8.1% in the preceding period. Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD., per share was ¥399.23, down from ¥410.91. At the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 25, 2020, a proposal to pay a year- end dividend of ¥85.00 was approved. As a result, cash dividends for the period—which also included an interim dividend of ¥85.00 per share approved at the Board of Directors meeting held on November 8, 2019—amounted to ¥170.00, an increase of ¥5.00. However, the figure of ¥170.00 for cash dividends per share that appears in the consolidated financial statements represents cash dividends paid to shareholders during the period, namely, the ¥85.00 per share year-end dividend for the year ended March 31, 2019, approved at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2019, and the ¥85.00 per share interim dividend for the previous fiscal year, determined by the Board of Directors and paid to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2019.
SECOM REPORT 2020 57
  
 Financial Review
  Security Services
The security services segment comprises electronic security services, which center on on-line security systems; other security services; and merchandise and other. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, net sales and operating income in this segment rose 2.3%, or ¥13.3 billion, to ¥580.5 billion. Excluding intersegment transactions, segment net sales and operating income amounted to ¥577.3 billion, representing 49.7% of overall net sales and operating revenue, down from 50.8% in the preceding period.
In addition to on-line commercial and home security systems, electronic security services include large-scale proprietary security systems, which focus on surveillance services for subscribers’ premises. On-line commercial and home security systems use sensors, controllers and other equipment installed at subscribers’ premises to detect events, including intrusions, fires and equip- ment malfunctions. Equipment is linked to a SECOM control center via telecommunications circuits to facilitate around-the- clock monitoring. Should an irregularity be detected, relevant information is relayed to the control center, where staff dispatch emergency response personnel to take appropriate measures. If necessary, control center staff also notify the police, fire department or other emergency services.
The Company employs a rental format, whereby it maintains ownership of security equipment and provides it to subscribers on a rental basis. This minimizes initial costs for subscribers and guarantees the quality and stability of its services. The initial contract period for security services is five years, with contracts renewed automatically each subsequent year. Depreciation for security equipment is computed using the declining balance method principally over five years.
The Company takes full responsibility for all aspects of its on-line commercial and home security systems, from R&D through to equipment manufacturing, security planning, installation, monitoring, emergency response services and equipment mainte- nance. This integrated approach leverages the Company’s half- century-plus of experience and knowhow in providing electronic security services, together with its R&D team’s ability to recognize and address false alarms, to ensure highly efficient operations.
Net sales and operating revenue from electronic security services edged up 0.8%, or ¥2.9 billion, to ¥347.2 billion. This was due to increased sales of on-line security systems, under- pinned by expanded sales of high-value-added commercial systems that respond to diverse security needs and peripheral services, and of SECOM Home Security NEO and other home security services that address growing needs for help in caring for vulnerable members of society.
Other security services include static guard and armored car services. Net sales and operating revenue generated by static guard services which are provided by highly trained professional security guards for systems requiring human judgment and flexible responsiveness, advanced 5.7%, or ¥3.8 billion, to ¥70.0 billion. This was a consequence of the first full year of contributions from Secom Tosec Co., Ltd., in which we acquired an 80.1% stake in August 2018, as well as solid demand for static guard services. Armored car services, which involve the transport of cash, securi- ties and other valuables using special fitted armored cars and security professionals, generated net sales and operating revenue of ¥63.6 billion, up 1.9%, or ¥1.2 billion. Principal factors behind this result included an increase in the sales of Asahi Security, which principally provides cash collection and delivery services.
The merchandise and other category encompasses a wide range of security products, including security camera systems, access control systems, automated fire extinguishing systems and external monitoring systems, which can be freestanding or linked to on-line security systems. Net sales and operating revenue in this category rose 6.3%, or ¥5.7 billion, to ¥96.5 billion, underpinned by an increase in sales-type leases of large-scale security systems and higher sales of access control and custom-built systems.
Operating income in the security services segment declined 1.1%, or ¥1.2 billion, to ¥108.9 billion. The operating margin slipped to 18.8%, from 19.4% in the previous fiscal year. These results primarily reflected forward-looking investments to reinforce the Company’s operating foundation with the aim of ensuring sustainable growth and an impairment loss on goodwill.
Fire Protection Services
The fire protection services segment focuses on high-grade, tailored, automatic fire alarm systems, fire extinguishing systems and other fire protection systems for a wide range of applications, including office buildings, plants, tunnels, cultural properties, ships and residences. In the period under review, Nohmi Bosai and Nittan, two of Japan’s leading domestic fire protection services providers, sought to leverage their respective business foundations and product development capabilities to secure orders for fire protection systems.
Segment net sales and operating revenue increased 8.2%, or ¥11.8 billion, to ¥155.9 billion, bolstered by contributions from large-, medium- and small-scale projects, a result of potent sales efforts. Operating income climbed 25.6%, or ¥3.6 billion, to ¥17.8 billion, owing to the increase in net sales and operating revenue, as well as to a number of comparatively profitable projects and a decline in cost of sales due to improved operating efficiency. The operating margin was 11.4%, up from 9.8% in the preceding period.
58 SECOM REPORT 2020
Segment Information
 
Medical Services
The medical services segment provides home nursing services, pharmaceutical dispensing services, support for affiliated medical institutions in Japan, sales of medical equipment, the operation of a general hospital in India, the operation of residences for seniors and other personal care services, health and preventative care services, and ICT-based services, which included electronic medical report systems. Additionally, this segment includes the operations of variable interest entities (VIEs) of which the Company is the primary beneficiary, which manage hospitals and health care- related institutions.
Net sales and operating revenue in this segment were up 3.0%, or ¥5.4 billion, to ¥187.3 billion, a consequence of increases in the net sales and operating revenue of VIEs, under- pinned by a rising number of patients at affiliated medical institu- tions, as well as to higher sales of pharmaceuticals and medical equipment and revenue from pharmaceutical dispensing services. Operating income advanced 7.8%, or ¥450 million, to ¥6.2 billion, reflecting an improvement in the operating income of a hospital operated by the Company in India. The operating margin improved to 3.3%, from 3.2% in the previous fiscal year.
Insurance Services
The insurance services segment continued to expand sales of an extensive lineup of distinctive non-life insurance policies, including the Security Discount Fire Policy, a commercial fire insurance policy, and SECOM Anshin My Home, a comprehensive fire insurance policy for homes—both of which extend discounts on premiums to customers who have installed on-line security sys- tems, recognizing this as a risk-mitigating factor—and SECOM Anshin My Car, a comprehensive automobile insurance policy that offers onsite support services provided by SECOM emergency response personnel should the policyholders be involved in an accident, and MEDCOM, an unrestricted cancer treatment policy that covers the entire cost of medical treatment for cancer.
Segment net sales and operating revenue, at ¥46.9 billion, increased 4.9%, or ¥2.2 billion, bolstered by brisk sales of MEDCOM and fire and automobile insurance policies. The segment reported an operating loss of ¥4.3 billion, an improve- ment from ¥4.9 billion in the preceding period, attributable to higher net sales and operating revenue, as well as to a decrease in losses incurred as a result of multiple major natural disasters.
Geospatial Information Services
The geospatial information services segment centers on the collection of geographic data using commercial satellites, aircraft and surveying using proprietary vehicles, among others, which is integrated, processed and analyzed to provide geospatial informa- tion services to public-sector entities—including national and local governments—and customers in the private sector in Japan. These services are also offered to government agencies overseas. Net sales and operating revenue in this segment rose 3.5%, or ¥1.8 billion, to ¥53.7 billion, bolstered by an increase in revenue from domestic public-sector customers, owing to the expanded provi- sion of surveying services employing aerial lasers to such custom- ers. Operating income jumped 61.3%, or ¥1.2 billion, to ¥3.0 billion, while the operating margin improved to 5.6%, from 3.6%. This primarily reflected declines in depreciation expenses and impairment losses.
BPO and ICT Services
BPO and ICT services encompass the provision of data center services, BCP support services, information security services, cloud-based services and BPO services. Segment net sales and operating revenue increased 9.5%, or ¥9.7 billion, to ¥110.9 billion, bolstered by higher revenue from data center services and contributions from subsidiary TMJ, a provider of contact center, back office support and other BPO services. Operating income, at ¥10.6 billion, was up 13.1%, or ¥1.2 billion, and the operating margin rose to 9.6%, from 9.3%, reflecting an improvement in the cost of sales ratio attributable to higher sales in the data center business.
Real Estate and Other Services
The real estate and other services segment includes the develop- ment and sale of, among others, condominiums equipped with distinctive security and disaster preparedness features, as well as real estate leasing, construction and installation, and other ser- vices. Net sales and operating revenue in this segment advanced 9.9%, or ¥4.6 billion, to ¥51.2 billion, with contributing factors including an increase in condominium development and sales. Operating income rose 17.9%, or ¥912 million, to ¥6.0 billion, and the operating margin increased to11.7%, from 10.9%.
Financial Information and References
 SECOM REPORT 2020 59

 Financial Review
  Total assets as of March 31, 2020, amounted to ¥2,081.1 billion, an increase of ¥201.4 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year. Total current assets rose ¥65.6 billion, to ¥935.9 billion,
and accounted for 45.0% of total assets. The current ratio was 2.2 times, up from 2.1 times. Cash and cash equivalents totaled ¥414.7 billion, an increase of ¥64.9 billion, reflecting the fact
that net cash provided by operating activities exceeded net cash used in investing and financing activities. (For further details, please see Cash Flows, which follows this section.) Notes and accounts receivable, trade, rose ¥9.7 billion, to ¥166.6 billion, owing to higher net sales and operating revenue. Notes and accounts receivable are affected by the fact that income in the fire protection services and geospatial information services businesses tend to be concentrated toward the end of the fiscal year. Cash deposits for armored car services declined ¥1.4 billion, to ¥140.9 billion. These cash deposits are funded primarily through bank overdrafts and deposits and their use by the company is restricted. The sales of real estate for sale and other factors led to a decline in inventories of ¥9.6 billion, to ¥56.3 billion.
Investments and long-term receivables decreased ¥16.1 billion, to ¥325.3 billion, which represented 15.6% of total assets. Investment securities, at ¥194.8 billion, were down ¥17.8 billion. Contributing factors included the reclassification of corporate bonds and other debt securities due within one year as current assets.
Property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation, amounted to ¥425.5 billion, up ¥9.3 billion and equivalent to 20.4% of total assets. This primarily reflected increases in buildings and improvements, attributable to data center business–related investments, and in security equipment and control stations, a result of purchases of security equipment necessitated by a rising number of security services subscribers.
Other assets, at ¥394.4 billion, were up ¥142.6 billion and accounted for 19.0% of total assets. Owing to the application of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, “Leases,” from the beginning of the period under review, the Company was required to recognize almost all lease assets and lease liabilities arising from lease contracts, which are classified as operating leases, on its balance sheets. As a consequence, operating lease right-of-use assets of ¥143.5 billion were included in other
assets. In addition, prepaid pension and severance costs declined ¥6.7 billion, to ¥31.8 billion, reflecting deteriorating investment conditions, while deferred income taxes rose ¥3.7 billion, to ¥25.8 billion.
Total liabilities as of March 31, 2020, amounted to ¥853.7 billion, up ¥149.9 billion from the end of the preceding period, and accounted for 41.0% of total liabilities and equity. Total current liabilities, at ¥431.2 billion were up ¥25.8 billion and represented 20.7% of total liabilities and equity, owing largely
to the application of ASU No. 2016-02, which resulted in the inclusion of current operating lease liabilities of ¥19.2 billion,
and to a ¥4.9 billion increase in other current liabilities, to ¥37.9 billion, as a consumption tax rate hike led to an increase in accrued consumption tax.
Total long-term liabilities rose ¥124.1 billion, to ¥422.5 billion, and represented 20.3% of total liabilities and equity. This increase primarily reflected the inclusion of long-term operating lease liabilities of ¥124.3 billion as a result of the application of ASU No. 2016-02.
Total SECOM CO., LTD., shareholders’ equity increased
¥44.6 billion, to ¥1,088.7 billion. Retained earnings rose ¥50.0 billion, to ¥1,017.7 billion, owing principally to net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD., and the payment of dividends. Accumulated other comprehensive loss rose ¥7.0 billion, to ¥7.1 billion. As a consequence, the equity ratio was 52.3%, compared with 55.6% at the end of the previous fiscal year.
Financial Position
 Percentage of Consolidated
Net Sales and Operating Revenue*
SECOM CO., LTD. Total Assets Shareholders’ Equity per Share
(In yen) (In billions of yen)
 (Year ended March 31, 2020)
8.4%
4.6% 3.8%
4.3%
49.7% 13.1%
5,000 2,500 4,000 2,000 3,000 1,500 2,000 1,000 1,000 500
00 16 17 18 19 20
               16.1%
Security Services
Medical Services
Geospatial Information Services Real Estate and Other Services
Fire Protection Services Insurance Services BPO and ICT Services
16 17 18 19 20
* Pie chart shows percentage of consolidated net sales and operating revenue (excluding intersegment transactions)
60 SECOM REPORT 2020

The Company is committed to maintaining sufficient liquidity
to allow flexibility in its operations and ensure a solid financial foundation. To the best of its ability, the Company is also firmly committed to financing strategic investments with cash generated by its operating activities.
In the period under review, net cash provided by operating activities amounted to ¥184.4 billion. The principal components of this were net income of ¥99.8 billion and an adjustment for depreciation and amortization, including amortization of deferred charges, a non-cash item, of ¥77.6 billion. Net cash provided by operating activities was ¥26.1 billion higher than in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. Factors behind this result included a ¥5.1 billion increase in accrued income taxes, compared with a ¥4.9 billion decrease in the previous fiscal year; a decrease in deferred income taxes of ¥7.4 billion; an increase in receivables and due from subscribers, net of allowances, of ¥10.6 billion, compared with an increase of ¥17.4 billion in the preceding period; and an increase in accrued consumption tax of ¥4.5 billion, compared with a decrease of ¥831 million in the previous fiscal year.
Net cash used in investing activities amounted to ¥66.6
billion. Principal components of this were payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment of ¥63.1 billion, owing to purchases of security equipment necessitated by a rising number of security services subscribers and forward-looking investments to reinforce the Company’s operating foundation; payments for purchases of intangible assets of ¥11.7 billion, attributable to forward-looking investments to reinforce the Company’s operating foundation; and payments for purchases of investment securities
of ¥45.3 billion, primarily in the insurance services segment
and through private-equity investments in the United States, exceeding proceeds from sales and redemptions of investment securities of ¥50.3 billion. Net cash used in investing activities rose ¥2.2 billion from the previous fiscal year, with contributing factors including a ¥1.6 billion decrease in time deposits, compared with a ¥1.3 billion increase in the preceding period, and payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment, which were up ¥6.7 billion from the previous fiscal year. Owing to investments in the insurance services segment and private equity investments in the United States, net cash generated by an increase in short-term investments and net proceeds from sales and redemptions of investment securities rose to ¥3.6 billion, from ¥2.7 billion in the previous fiscal year.
Net cash used in financing activities was ¥52.9 billion. This primarily reflected dividends paid to SECOM CO., LTD. sharehold- ers of ¥37.1 billion and repayments of long-term debt of ¥18.8 billion. Net cash used in financing activities was ¥7.4 billion less than in the preceding period. This was due largely to declines in dividends paid to noncontrolling interests and payments for acqui- sition of shares of consolidated subsidiaries from noncontrolling interest holders, the latter a result of the absence of the purchase of treasury stock by subsidiary Secom Joshinetsu, which pushed up outlays in the previous fiscal year.
Owing to the Company’s operating, investing and financing activities in the period under review, cash and cash equivalents at end of year amounted to ¥414.7 billion, up ¥64.9 billion from cash equivalents at beginning of year, which were ¥349.7 billion.
Cash Flows
Financial Information and References
     Depreciation and Amortization
(In billions of yen)
100
75
50
25
0
16 17 18 19 20
Purchases of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets (In billions of yen)
Cash Flows
(In billions of yen)
80
60
40
20
0
200 150 100
50 0 -50 -100
              16 17 18 19 20
18 19 20
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities
SECOM REPORT 2020 61

 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
SECOM CO., LTD. and Subsidiaries March 31, 2020 and 2019
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash and Cash equivalents.................................................................................... Time deposits ........................................................................................................ Cash deposits for armored car services .................................................................. Short-term investments ......................................................................................... Notes and accounts receivable, trade..................................................................... Due from subscribers............................................................................................. Inventories ............................................................................................................ Short-term receivables ........................................................................................... Allowance for doubtful accounts........................................................................... Deferred insurance acquisition costs...................................................................... Other current assets ..............................................................................................
Total current assets ........................................................................................
Investments and long-term receivables:
Investment securities ............................................................................................. Investments in affiliated companies ....................................................................... Long-term receivables ........................................................................................... Lease deposits ....................................................................................................... Other investments ................................................................................................. Allowance for doubtful accounts...........................................................................
Property, plant and equipment:
Land...................................................................................................................... Buildings and improvements.................................................................................. Security equipment and control stations................................................................ Machinery, equipment and automobiles................................................................ Construction in progress .......................................................................................
Accumulated depreciation.....................................................................................
Other assets:
Operating lease right-of-use assets........................................................................ Deferred charges ................................................................................................... Goodwill ............................................................................................................... Other intangible assets.......................................................................................... Prepaid pension and severance costs ..................................................................... Deferred income taxes...........................................................................................
Total assets ....................................................................................................
In millions of yen March 31 2020 2019
Translation into thousands of U.S. dollars
March 31
2020
      ¥ 414,668
9,097
17,725
10,947
(4,237)
325,322
117,457
365,362
346,168
156,830
7,026
992,843
(567,339)
425,504
143,468
25,664
108,925
58,814
31,790
25,769
394,430
¥2,081,120
¥
349,730 10,619 142,336 25,294 156,869 63,012 65,945 27,111
(1,738) 6,809 24,301
212,641 63,697 40,095 17,245 11,952
(4,218)
116,540 351,947 337,756 155,944
6,759
— 25,220 108,122 57,892 38,489 22,060
341,412
968,946 (552,719)
416,227
251,783
¥1,879,710
$ 3,804,294
83,459
  381,339
162,615
100,431
(38,872)
 2,984,605
 1,077,587
3,351,945
3,175,853
1,438,807
64,459
 9,108,651
(5,204,945)
 3,903,706
 1,316,220
235,450
999,312
539,578
291,651
236,413
 3,618,624
 $19,092,843
         62 SECOM REPORT 2020
140,906
31,084
166,612
63,112
56,297
25,679
(1,641)
4,301
25,749
935,864
194,822
64,499
41,566
870,288
1,292,716
285,174
1,528,550
579,009
516,486
235,587
(15,055)
39,459
236,229
8,585,908
1,787,358
591,734
   
¥ 39,002
17,983
48,466
44,331
122,796
37,048
24,811
39,650
19,171
37,906
431,164
44,255
31,546
31,393
12,511
128,908
21,516
13,132
124,297
14,991
422,549
853,713
66,401
74,680
10,833
1,017,661
2,046
(4,601)
(4,506)
(7,061)
(73,776)
1,088,738
138,669
1,227,407
¥2,081,120
Financial Information and References
     LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 2020
Current liabilities:
Bank loans ............................................................................................................ Current portion of long-term debt......................................................................... Notes and accounts payable, trade........................................................................ Other payables ...................................................................................................... Deposits received .................................................................................................. Deferred revenue................................................................................................... Accrued income taxes............................................................................................ Accrued payroll ..................................................................................................... Current operating lease liabilities........................................................................... Other current liabilities ..........................................................................................
Total current liabilities ....................................................................................
Long-term liabilities:
Long-term debt ..................................................................................................... Guarantee deposits received.................................................................................. Accrued pension and severance costs.................................................................... Long-term deferred revenue.................................................................................. Unearned premiums and other insurance liabilities ................................................ Investment deposits by policyholders..................................................................... Deferred income taxes........................................................................................... Long-term operating lease liabilities....................................................................... Other long-term liabilities......................................................................................
Total long-term liabilities................................................................................ Total liabilities ................................................................................................
Commitments and contingent liabilities
Equity:
SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity: Common stock
Authorized—900,000,000 shares, issued 233,293,998 shares in 2020
Authorized—900,000,000 shares, issued 233,292,219 shares in 2019............... Additional paid-in capital....................................................................................... Legal reserve ......................................................................................................... Retained earnings.................................................................................................. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):
Unrealized gains on securities ............................................................................ Pension liability adjustments .............................................................................. Foreign currency translation adjustments ...........................................................
Common stock in treasury, at cost:
15,033,588 shares in 2020 and 15,031,867 shares in 2019.................................
Total SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity.................................................. Noncontrolling interests............................................................................................ Total equity.................................................................................................... Total liabilities and equity...............................................................................
In millions of yen March 31 2019
Translation into thousands of U.S. dollars
March 31
2020
  ¥
38,658 18,447 46,606 44,208
127,619 35,947 22,904 37,987
— 32,992
405,368
45,342 31,887 30,913 11,623
124,309 23,615 16,041
— 14,710
298,440
703,808
1,044,184
131,718
1,175,902
¥1,879,710
$ 357,817
164,982
444,642
406,706
1,126,569
339,890
227,624
363,761
175,881
347,761
 3,955,633
406,009
289,413
288,009
114,779
1,182,642
197,394
120,477
1,140,339
137,532
 3,876,594
 7,832,227
 66,393 73,166 10,783
967,679
2,309 (742) (1,645)
(78) (73,759)
609,183
685,138
99,385
9,336,339
18,771
(42,211)
(41,338)
 (64,778)
(676,844)
 9,988,423
 1,272,193
 11,260,616
 $19,092,843
         SECOM REPORT 2020 63

 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Income
SECOM CO., LTD. and Subsidiaries Three years ended March 31, 2020
Net sales and operating revenue.................................................................................. Costs and expenses:
Cost of sales ................................................................................................................. Selling, general and administrative expenses ................................................................. Impairment loss on long-lived assets ............................................................................. Impairment loss on goodwill ......................................................................................... Gain and loss on sales and disposal of fixed assets, net .................................................
Operating income.............................................................................................
Other income:
Interest and dividends................................................................................................... Gain and loss on sales of securities, net......................................................................... Gain on private equity investments ............................................................................... Other............................................................................................................................
Other expenses:
Interest ......................................................................................................................... Gain and loss on sales of securities, net......................................................................... Loss on other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities ............................... Loss on private equity investments ................................................................................ Other............................................................................................................................
Income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity
in net income of affiliated companies .............................................................
Income taxes:
Current......................................................................................................................... Deferred .......................................................................................................................
Income from continuing operations before equity in net income of
affiliated companies........................................................................................ Equity in net income of affiliated companies.............................................................. Net income....................................................................................................... Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ......................................... Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. ...................................................
Per share data:
Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. ............................................................... Cash dividends per share ..............................................................................................
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
SECOM CO., LTD. and Subsidiaries Three years ended March 31, 2020
Comprehensive income:
Net income................................................................................................................... Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Unrealized gains on securities ................................................................................... Pension liability adjustments ..................................................................................... Foreign currency translation adjustments ..................................................................
Total comprehensive income ......................................................................................... Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ..................... Comprehensive income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. .................................................
In millions of yen Years ended March 31
Translation into thousands of U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31
2020 $10,648,688
7,521,715 1,888,037 8,734 6,954 25,413 9,450,853 1,197,835
19,514 21,073 — 50,982 91,569
10,560 — 34,294 1,275 13,595 59,724
1,229,680
418,844 (43,256)
375,588
854,092 61,046 915,138
(115,725) 799,413
    2020
2019
2018
 ¥1,160,707
¥1,111,600 ¥1,082,792
784,918 200,932 595 — 1,444
751,944 191,389 841 11
(1,504)
819,867
205,796
952
758
2,770
1,030,143
987,889 942,681
130,564
123,711 140,111
1,807 1,637 — 237 4,673 5,884 4,766 5,696
2,127
2,297
—
5,557
9,981
11,246 13,454
1,184 1,236 115 — 3,959 57 —— 1,136 1,482
1,151
—
3,738
139
1,482
6,510
6,394 2,775
134,035
128,563 150,790
47,210 54,225 (12,086) (6,118)
45,654
(4,715)
40,939
35,124 48,107
93,096
93,439 102,683 7,002 7,179
6,654
99,750
100,441 109,862 (10,755) (13,239)
(12,614)
¥ 87,136
  ¥ 89,686 ¥ 96,623
                   ¥170.00
In millions of yen Years ended March 31 2020 2019 2018
$
     2020
2019
¥410.91 ¥442.70
In yen Years ended March 31
Translation into U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31
2020
Translation into thousands of U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31
2020
    2018
          ¥99,750
¥160.00 ¥150.00
¥100,441
274 (2,566) (4,908)
¥109,862
256 5,376 1,952
$3.66
$1.56
$915,138
     64 SECOM REPORT 2020
¥399.23
(263)
(4,037)
(2,934)
92,516
(12,364)
¥80,152
93,241 117,446 (10,060) (13,710)
¥ 83,181 ¥103,736
(2,413)
(37,037)
(26,917)
848,771
(113,431)
$735,340
        
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
SECOM CO., LTD. and Subsidiaries Three years ended March 31, 2020
Balance, March 31, 2017 ................................................... Comprehensive income:
Net income ..................................................................... Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Unrealized gains on securities .................................... Pension liability adjustments ...................................... Foreign currency translation adjustments ...................
Total comprehensive income ........................................... Issuance of new stocks......................................................... Cash dividends paid to SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders ........ Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests.................... Transfer to legal reserve ....................................................... Equity transactions with noncontrolling interests
and other........................................................................... Changes in the scope of application of the equity method ... Gains on disposal of treasury stock ...................................... Net changes in treasury stock...............................................
Balance, March 31, 2018 ................................................... Cumulative effect adjustments resulting from adoption of
new accounting standards, net of tax ................................ Comprehensive income:
Net income ..................................................................... Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Unrealized gains on securities .................................... Pension liability adjustments ...................................... Foreign currency translation adjustments ...................
Total comprehensive income ........................................... Issuance of new stocks......................................................... Cash dividends paid to SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders ........ Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests.................... Transfer to legal reserve ....................................................... Equity transactions with noncontrolling interests
and other........................................................................... Changes in the scope of application of the equity method ... Gains on disposal of treasury stock ...................................... Net changes in treasury stock...............................................
Balance, March 31, 2019 ................................................... Comprehensive income:
Net income..................................................................... Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Unrealized gains on securities .................................... Pension liability adjustments ...................................... Foreign currency translation adjustments ...................
Total comprehensive income ........................................... Issuance of new stocks......................................................... Cash dividends paid to SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders ........ Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests.................... Transfer to legal reserve ....................................................... Equity transactions with noncontrolling interests
and other........................................................................... Changes in the scope of application of the equity method ... Gains on disposal of treasury stock ...................................... Net changes in treasury stock...............................................
Balance, March 31, 2020 ...................................................
Balance, March 31, 2019 ................................................... Comprehensive income:
Net income..................................................................... Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Unrealized gains on securities .................................... Pension liability adjustments ...................................... Foreign currency translation adjustments ...................
Total comprehensive income ........................................... Issuance of new stocks......................................................... Cash dividends paid to SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders ........ Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests.................... Transfer to legal reserve ....................................................... Equity transactions with noncontrolling interests
and other........................................................................... Changes in the scope of application of the equity method ... Gains on disposal of treasury stock ...................................... Net changes in treasury stock...............................................
Balance, March 31, 2020 ...................................................
Accumulated other com- Retained prehensive earnings income (loss)
¥ 832,785 ¥20,076 96,623 — — 268
— 5,070 — 1,775
— — (32,738) — — — (101) —
— — 17 — — — — —
896,586 27,189 16,379 (20,762) 89,686 —
— 274 — (2,320) — (4,459)
— — (34,922) — — — (50) —
— — — — — — — —
967,679 (78)
Common stock in treasury, at cost
(¥73,731) —
— — —
— — — —
— — — (18)
(73,749) —
—
— — —
— — — —
— — — (10)
(73,759)
In millions of yen
Noncontrolling
interests Total
¥122,226 ¥1,051,468
Number of Additional
shares Common paid-in Legal issued stock capital reserve
233,288,717 ¥66,378 ¥73,102 ¥10,632
— — — —
— — — — — — — — — — — —
1,724 7 7 — — — — — — — — — — — — 101
— — 24 — — — — — — — 0 — — — — —
233,290,441 66,385 73,133 10,733
— — — —
— — — —
— — — — — — — — — — — —
1,778 8 7 — — — — — — — — — — — — 50
— — 26 — — — — — — — — — — — — —
233,292,219 66,393 73,166 10,783
Total SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity
¥ 929,242 96,623
268 5,070 1,775 103,736 14
(32,738) —
—
24 17 0 (18)
1,000,277 (4,383) 89,686
274 (2,320) (4,459)
83,181
15 — 15
Financial Information and References
   13,239
(12) 306 177
13,710 — —
(5,381) —
473 — — —
131,028 (421) 10,755
— (246) (449)
109,862
256 5,376 1,952 117,446 14
(32,738) (5,381) —
497 17 0 (18)
1,131,305 (4,804) 100,441
274 (2,566) (4,908)
    (10) 1,044,184
— (10) 131,718 1,175,902
10,060
93,241
 (34,922) —
—
26
— —— — ——
— (34,922) (6,252) (6,252) — —
(2,697) (2,671)
  —
—
—
—
87,136
—
—
87,136
12,614
99,750
—
—
—
—
—
(263)
—
(263)
—
(263)
—
—
—
—
—
(3,858)
—
(3,858)
(178)
(4,036)
—
—
—
—
—
(2,862)
—
(2,862)
(72)
(2,934)
80,153
12,364
92,517
1,779
8
8
—
—
—
—
16
—
16
—
—
—
—
(37,104)
—
—
(37,104)
—
(37,104)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(3,438)
(3,438)
—
—
—
50
(50)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,506
—
—
—
—
1,506
(1,975)
(469)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
0
—
—
—
0
0
—
0
—
—
—
—
—
—
(17)
(17)
—
(17)
233,293,998
  ¥66,401
  ¥74,680
  ¥10,833
  ¥1,017,661
  (¥ 7,061)
  (¥73,776)
  ¥1,088,738
  ¥138,669
  ¥1,227,407
        Translation into thousands of U.S. dollars
 Additional
Common paid-in Legal
stock capital reserve $609,110 $671,248 $98,926
Accumulated other com- Retained prehensive earnings income (loss)
Common stock in treasury, at cost
Total SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity
$9,579,669
Noncontrolling
interests Total
$1,208,422 $10,788,091
 $8,877,789 ($
716) ($676,688)
 —
—
—
799,413
—
—
799,413
115,725
915,138
—
—
—
—
(2,413)
—
(2,413)
—
(2,413)
—
—
—
—
(35,393)
—
(35,393)
(1,633)
(37,026)
—
—
—
—
(26,256)
—
(26,256)
(661)
(26,917)
735,351
113,431
848,782
73
73
—
—
—
—
146
—
146
—
—
—
(340,404)
—
—
(340,404)
—
(340,404)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(31,541)
(31,541)
—
—
459
(459)
—
—
—
—
—
—
13,817
—
—
—
—
13,817
(18,119)
(4,302)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
0
—
—
—
0
0
—
0
—
—
—
—
—
(156)
(156)
—
(156)
$609,183
  $685,138
  $99,385
  $9,336,339
  ($64,778)
  ($676,844)
  $9,988,423
  $1,272,193
  $11,260,616
        SECOM REPORT 2020 65

 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
SECOM CO., LTD. and Subsidiaries Three years ended March 31, 2020
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income........................................................................................................................ Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities—
Depreciation and amortization, including amortization of deferred charges.................... Accrual for pension and severance costs, less payments ................................................. Deferred income taxes ................................................................................................... Gain and loss on sales and disposal of fixed assets, net .................................................. Impairment loss on long-lived assets .............................................................................. Write-down on real estate inventories............................................................................ Gain and loss on private equity investments................................................................... Impairment loss on goodwill .......................................................................................... Gain on sales of securities, net....................................................................................... Loss on other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities ................................ Equity in net income of affiliated companies .................................................................. Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and disposals:
(Increase) decrease in cash deposits for armored car services ...................................... (Increase) decrease in receivables and due from subscribers, net of allowances........... (Increase) decrease in inventories ............................................................................... Increase in deferred charges ...................................................................................... Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable ..................................................... Increase (decrease) in deposits received...................................................................... Increase (decrease) in deferred revenue...................................................................... Increase (decrease) in accrued income taxes............................................................... Increase (decrease) in guarantee deposits received ..................................................... Increase in unearned premiums and other insurance liabilities.................................... Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption tax ......................................................... Other, net ..................................................................................................................
Net cash provided by operating activities ...............................................................
Cash flows from investing activities:
(Increase) decrease in time deposits.................................................................................... Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment ....................................................... Payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment ................................................. Payments for purchases of intangible assets....................................................................... Proceeds from sales and redemptions of investment securities............................................ Payments for purchases of investment securities ................................................................ (Increase) decrease in short-term investments..................................................................... Acquisitions, net of cash acquired...................................................................................... (Increase) decrease in short-term receivables, net ............................................................... Payments for long-term receivables.................................................................................... Proceeds from long-term receivables.................................................................................. Other, net ..........................................................................................................................
Net cash used in investing activities .......................................................................
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from long-term debt............................................................................................ Repayments of long-term debt........................................................................................... Increase (decrease) in bank loans, net ................................................................................ Increase (decrease) in investment deposits by policyholders ................................................ Dividends paid to SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders .............................................................. Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests.......................................................................... Payments for acquisition of shares of consolidated subsidiaries from noncontrolling
interest holders................................................................................................................ Proceeds from sales of shares of consolidated subsidiaries to noncontrolling
interest holders................................................................................................................ Increase in treasury stock, net ............................................................................................ Other, net ..........................................................................................................................
Net cash used in financing activities....................................................................... Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ..................................... Net increase in cash and cash equivalents........................................................................ Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year.............................................................. Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ........................................................................
2020
In millions of yen Years ended March 31 2019 2018
¥100,441 ¥109,862
Translation into thousands of U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31
2020
$ 915,138
711,688 10,945
(43,257) 25,413 8,734 606 1,275 6,954
(27,174) 78,349 (61,046)
13,119 (97,028) 84,917
(107,835) 21,661
(44,239) 17,193 47,211
(3,229) 42,202 41,550 48,577
1,691,724
       75,300 614
(12,086) 1,444 595 580
(4,673) —
(901) 8,991
(7,002)
(6,527) (17,404)
4,285 (10,716)
3,388 8,690 938
(4,914) (164)
9,495 (831)
8,784
(1,251) 3,379
(56,401) (11,454) 43,597 (36,686)
(4,256) (3,133)
62 (1,024)
1,685 1,052
7,161 (20,184) (1,789) (1,592) (34,922) (6,263)
(3,033)
— (10)
331
78,955 977
(6,118) (1,541)
841
865 (5,884)
11 (1,073)
199 (7,179)
(5,189)
(8,292) (18,639) (15,902)
(378) 5,962
(779) (2,441) (474)
4,796 1,924 2,754
172 6,166
(53,751) (7,859)
69,365 (51,098) (1,150) (23,283) (457) (840)
1,224 50
9,613 (20,582) (3,378) (2,483) (32,738) (5,426)
(120)
— (17) 94
    8,802
(18,793)
162
(2,099)
(37,104)
(3,425)
(659)
64,938
349,730
¥414,668
—
(16)
190
(52,942)
93
(60,301) (55,037)
(595) 370
33,001 17,129 316,729 299,600
¥349,730 ¥316,729
80,752
(172,413)
1,486
(19,257)
(340,404)
(31,422)
(6,046)
1,743
(485,708)
595,762
3,208,532
$3,804,294
—
(147)
853
               66 SECOM REPORT 2020
¥ 99,750
77,574
1,193
(4,715)
2,770
952
(2,962)
8,540
(6,654)
1,430
(10,576)
66
139
758
9,256
(11,754)
2,361
(4,822)
1,874
5,146
(352)
4,600
4,529
5,295
184,398
1,564
1,178
(63,126)
(11,722)
50,259
(45,325)
(1,357)
(725)
(147)
(1,416)
1,578
2,628
(66,611)
158,327 133,257
(64,430) (61,461)
14,349
10,807
(579,138)
(107,541)
461,092
(415,826)
(12,450)
(6,651)
(1,349)
(12,991)
14,477
24,114
(611,107)

Segment Information
Information by business and geographic segments for the years ended and as of March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 is as follows:
In millions of yen
Years ended March 31
2018
In thousands of U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31
2020
Financial Information and References
   (1) Business Segment Information
  In millions of yen
Operating income (loss): Security services .............. Fire protection
services ......................... Medical services .............. Insurance services............ Geospatial information
services ......................... BPO and ICT services....... Real estate and
other services................
Total................................
Corporate expenses
and eliminations............
Operating income ...........
Other income.................. Other expenses ...............
Income from continuing operations before income taxes...
Assets:
Security services .............. Fire protection
services ......................... Medical services .............. Insurance services............ Geospatial information
services ......................... BPO and ICT services....... Real estate and
other services................
Total................................ Corporate items.............. Investments in
affiliated companies...... Total assets......................
In thousands of U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31
2020
2020
2019
  ¥108,923
17,817 6,232
(4,319)
3,030 10,624
5,996
148,303
(17,739)
¥130,564
9,981 (6,510)
¥134,035
141,612 157,173
(17,901) (17,062)
¥123,711 ¥140,111
11,246 13,454 (6,394) (2,775)
¥128,563 ¥150,790
$ 999,294
163,459 57,174 (39,624)
27,798 97,468
55,009
1,360,578
(162,743)
$1,197,835
91,569 (59,724)
$1,229,680
     2020
Years ended March 31
2018
562,272 3,144
¥110,146 ¥114,469
14,188 15,730 5,782 4,034 (4,856) 6,221
1,878 1,676 9,390 8,133
5,084 6,910
In millions of yen March 31
 Net sales and operating revenue:
Security services— Customers ................ Intersegment.............
..............................
Fire protection services—
Customers ................ Intersegment.............
..............................
Medical services— Customers ................ Intersegment.............
..............................
Insurance services— Customers ................ Intersegment.............
..............................
Geospatial information services—
Customers ................ Intersegment.............
..............................
BPO and ICT services— Customers ................ Intersegment.............
..............................
Real estate and other services—
Customers ................ Intersegment.............
..............................
Total............................. Eliminations .................
Total net sales and operating revenue...
¥
2019
563,739 ¥ 3,428
 ¥ 577,252 3,207
580,459
151,861 4,050
155,911
187,101 220
187,321
43,515 3,413
46,928
53,535 201
53,736
97,515 13,422
110,937
49,928 1,271
51,199
1,186,491 (25,784)
¥1,160,707
567,167 565,416
140,139 136,559 3,942 4,170
144,081 140,729
181,705 175,318 168 185
181,873 175,503
41,637 44,683 3,120 3,034
44,757 47,717
51,510 50,906 386 176
51,896 51,082
88,065 69,569 13,209 7,275
101,274 76,844
44,805 43,485 1,787 2,004
46,592 45,489
1,137,640 1,102,780 (26,040) (19,988)
¥1,111,600 ¥1,082,792
$ 5,295,890 29,422
5,325,312
1,393,220 37,156
1,430,376
1,716,523 2,018
1,718,541
399,220 31,312
430,532
491,147 1,844
492,991
894,633 123,138
1,017,771
458,055 11,661
469,716
10,885,239 (236,551)
$10,648,688
                   ¥ 853,101
175,854 201,449 231,650
68,516 243,152
137,425
2020
2019
¥ 768,128
162,549 178,755 235,773
67,768 152,777
142,750
In thousands of U.S. dollars
March 31
2020
         1,911,147 105,473
64,500
   ¥2,081,120
1,708,500 107,513
63,697
¥1,879,710
$ 7,826,615
1,613,339 1,848,156 2,125,229
628,587 2,230,752
1,260,780
17,533,458 967,642
591,743
$19,092,843
     SECOM REPORT 2020 67

 Consolidated Financial Statements
Segment Information
Depreciation and amortization:
Security services .......... Fire protection
services ..................... Medical services .......... Insurance services........ Geospatial information
services ..................... BPO and ICT services... Real estate and
other services............
Total............................ Corporate items..........
Total depreciation and amortization....
Capital expenditure: Security services .......... Fire protection
services ..................... Medical services .......... Insurance services........ Geospatial information
services ..................... BPO and ICT services... Real estate and
other services............
Total............................ Corporate items..........
Total capital expenditures ..........
In millions of yen
Years ended March 31
2018
¥54,091
2,128 8,675 1,808
2,540 7,813
1,066
¥44,404
3,910 5,276 1,900
1,701 31,987
1,690
In thousands of U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31
2020
(2) Geographic Segment Information
Net sales and operating revenue attributed to countries based on the geographical location of customers for the years ended 2020, 2019 and 2018 and long-lived assets as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
    2020 2019
¥49,409
2,375 8,684 1,792
2,249 9,075
953
¥48,451
2,269 4,750 2,972
2,420 9,085
4,550
In millions of yen
In thousands of U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31
2020
In thousands of U.S. dollars
March 31
2020
       76,717 857
¥77,574
¥44,930
2,569 8,778 4,440
2,987 12,894
2,121
78,719 1,116
¥79,835
¥347,156
70,029 63,602 96,465
¥577,252
74,537 78,121 763 834
¥75,300 ¥78,955
74,497 90,868 1,291 349
¥75,788 ¥91,217
¥563,739 ¥562,272
703,826 7,862
$711,688
$412,202
23,569 80,532 40,734
27,404 118,294
19,459
722,194 10,239
$732,433
Net sales and operating revenue:
Japan................... Other...................
Total ................
Long-lived assets: Japan............................. Other.............................
Total ..........................
¥1,063,223 ¥1,034,228
2020
2019
Years ended March 31
2018
   48,377
48,564
    In millions of yen March 31
     2020
2019
¥618,061 11,699
          There are no individually material countries other than Japan with respect to net sales and operating revenue and long-lived assets.
    The capital expenditures in the above table represent the additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of each segment.
The Company has no single customer that accounts for more than 10 percent of total revenues.
The following table is a breakdown of security services revenue to external customers by service category. The security services business is managed as a single operating segment by the Company’s management.
    2020
In millions of yen
Years ended March 31
2018 ¥341,157
59,030
61,089 100,996
In thousands of U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31
2020
 Electronic security services .........................
Other security services: Static guard
services..................... Armored car
services..................... Merchandise and
other ..........................
Total security services.....................
2019 ¥344,297
66,265 62,417 90,760
  $3,184,917
642,468 583,505 885,000
 $5,295,890
¥1,111,521 49,186
¥1,160,707
¥1,111,600 ¥1,082,792
¥772,155 13,122
¥785,277
¥629,760
$10,197,440 451,248
$10,648,688
$7,083,991 120,385
$7,204,376
  68 SECOM REPORT 2020
¥50,383
2,537 8,321 2,290
1,700 10,644
842
$462,231
23,275 76,339 21,009
15,596 97,651
7,725

 Other Financial Data
Summary of Selected Financial Data
SECOM CO., LTD. and Subsidiaries Years ended/as of March 31
Composition of consolidated net sales and operating revenue by segment
Net sales and operating revenue ................................................. Security services: ..................................................................... As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ... Electronic security services .................................................. As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ...
Other security services—
Static guard services .......................................................
As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ... Armored car services....................................................... As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ... Subtotal.................................................................. Merchandise and other....................................................... As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ... Fire protection services............................................................ As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ... Medical services ...................................................................... As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ... Insurance services ................................................................... As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ... Geospatial information services .............................................. As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ... BPO and ICT services............................................................... As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ... Real estate and other services ................................................. As a percentage of net sales and operating revenue ...
Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD., cash dividends and SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity
Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. ............................ Cash dividends paid(2) ................................................................. SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity .......................................
Consolidated financial ratios
Percentage of working capital accounted for by: Debt—
Bank loans .......................................................................... Current portion of long-term debt ...................................... Straight bonds .................................................................... Other long-term debt .........................................................
Total debt ....................................................................... SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity ................................... Total capitalization..........................................................
Return on total assets (percentage)(a)........................................... Return on equity (percentage)(b) .................................................. Percentage of net sales and operating revenue absorbed by(c):
Depreciation and amortization................................................
Rental expense under operating leases ................................... Ratio of accumulated depreciation to depreciable
assets (percentage) ................................................................... Net property turnover (times)(c).................................................... Before-tax interest coverage (times)(c) (d) .......................................
In millions of yen
2020
2016
2015
¥945,238 487,063
51.5%
326,300
34.5
53,788
5.7
21,010
2.2
74,798 85,965 9.1 121,189 12.8 155,884 16.5 38,259 4.1 52,760 5.6 47,412 5.0 42,671 4.5
Financial Information and References
 2019
¥1,111,600 563,739
50.8%
344,297
31.0
66,265
6.0
62,417
5.6
128,682 90,760 8.2 140,139 12.6 181,705 16.3 41,637 3.8 51,510 4.6 88,065 7.9 44,805 4.0
2018
¥1,082,792 562,272
51.9%
341,157
31.5
59,030
5.5
61,089
5.6
120,119 100,996 9.3 136,559 12.6 175,318 16.2 44,683 4.2 50,906 4.7 69,569 6.4 43,485 4.0
2017
¥1,031,261
543,524 505,058
  ¥1,160,707
577,252
49.7%
347,156
29.9
70,029
6.0
63,602
5.5
133,631
96,465
8.3
151,861
13.1
187,101
16.1
43,515
3.8
53,535
4.6
97,515
8.4
49,928
4.3
¥ 1,044,184
¥
52.7% 51.4%
338,744 330,843
32.8 33.6
56,417 55,907
5.5 5.7
57,873 32,990
5.6 3.4
114,290 88,897 90,490 85,318 8.8 8.7 126,232 131,743 12.2 13.4 168,819 163,538 16.4 16.6 43,780 40,654 4.3 4.1 51,609 52,553 5.0 5.4 49,681 48,294 4.8 4.9 47,616 41,588 4.6 4.2
91,387 ¥ 84,072
30,557 28,373 929,242 865,278
4.0 5.6 1.9 1.8 0.7 0.8 4.5 5.3
11.1 13.5
88.9 86.5 100.0 100.0
5.2 5.0 9.8 9.7
7.6 7.4 2.5 2.5
63.2 62.8 2.49 2.38
107.1 89.2
¥983,428
 ¥ 87,136
37,104
1,088,738
89,686 34,922
¥ 1,000,277
96,623 32,738
¥ 825,969
80,184 38,197
3.3
1.5
0.3
3.4
8.5
91.5
100.0
4.2
8.0
5.7
2.4
65.3
2.73
117.5
3.4 1.6 0.4 3.6 8.9
91.1 100.0
4.8 8.6
6.8 2.5
65.4 2.67
109.6
3.5 1.7 0.5 4.1 9.8
90.2 100.0
5.3 9.7
7.3 2.3
64.6 2.63
123.0
4.7 1.4 0.9 4.9
11.9
88.1 100.0
5.3 9.7
7.3 2.4
61.6 2.38
93.8
  Note: Installation revenue is included in the corresponding electronic security services.
SECOM REPORT 2020 69
  
 Other Financial Data
Summary of Selected Financial Data
Number of shares outstanding
Issued ..................................................................... Owned by the Company .........................................
Balance ...................................................................
Per share information
Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD.
per share (in yen)(1) ............................................... Cash dividends paid per share (in yen)(2) .................
SECOM CO., LTD. shareholders’ equity
per share (in yen)(3) ...............................................
Cash flow per share (in yen)(1) (e) .............................. Price/Book value ratio.............................................. Price/Earnings ratio ................................................. Price/Cash flow ratio ............................................... Stock price at year-end (in yen) ...............................
2020 2019 233,292,219
15,031,867 218,260,352
¥ 410.91 160.00
4,784.12 590.91 1.98 23.08 16.05 9,482
(1) (2)
(3)
2018
233,290,441 15,030,573
218,259,868
¥ 442.70 150.00
4,582.96 649.44 1.73 17.89 12.20 7,920
2017 2016
233,288,717 233,288,717 15,028,470 15,026,824
218,260,247 218,261,893
¥ 418.71 ¥ 385.19 140.00 130.00
4,257.50 3,964.40 631.91 582.27 1.87 2.11 19.03 21.72 12.61 14.37 7,969 8,366
2015
233,288,717 15,024,812
218,263,905
¥ 367.37 175.00
3,784.27 557.88 2.12 21.84 14.38 8,025
   233,293,998
15,033,588
218,260,410
  ¥ 399.23
170.00
4,988.25
533.88
1.80
22.48
16.81
8,974
 Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. / Total assets
Notes: (a)
(b) Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. / SECOM CO., LTD.
Per share amounts are based on the average number of shares outstanding during each period.
Subsequent to March 31, 2020, cash dividends of ¥18,552 million (¥85 per share) were approved at the general shareholders’ meeting on June 25, 2020 (see Note 18 of the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements).
Per share amounts are based on the number of shares outstanding at the end of each period, less treasury stock.
shareholders’ equity
(c) Including discontinued operations
(d) (Income before income taxes and equity in net income of affiliated
companies + Interest expense) / Interest expense
(e) (Net income attributable to SECOM CO., LTD. + Depreciation and
amortization – Dividends approved) / Average number of shares outstanding during each period
70 SECOM REPORT 2020

Financial Information and References
 Common Stock Data
SECOM CO., LTD. As of March 31
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Number of shareholders....................................... Common shares held by:
Financial institutions......................................... Securities firms................................................. Other domestic corporations ............................ Foreign investors .............................................. Individuals and others....................................... Treasury stock...................................................
Total .............................................................
2019 24,023
37.14% 3.30 2.46
42.74 7.92 6.44
100.00%
2018 2017 26,809 25,200
35.94% 35.05% 1.63 3.89 2.53 2.51
44.85 43.42 8.61 8.69 6.44 6.44
100.00% 100.00%
Price per share (in yen)
High Low High Low
 2020
2016 24,975
32.50% 3.52 2.92
44.46 10.16 6.44
100.00%
2015 24,852
29.89% 3.43 3.16
44.95 12.13 6.44
100.00%
 23,297
38.65
%
1.95
2.50
42.76
7.70
6.44
100.00
%
  PRICE INFORMATION (TOKYO STOCK EXCHANGE)
2018 April–June.......................................................................... July–September.................................................................. October–December ............................................................
2019 January–March .................................................................. April–June.......................................................................... July–September.................................................................. October–December ............................................................
2020 January–March ..................................................................
Nikkei Stock Average (in yen)
  ¥8,550 ¥7,751 9,368 8,130 9,827 8,765 9,684 8,781 9,670 8,830
10,005 8,149 10,095 9,288 9,965 7,188
¥23,002.37 24,120.04 24,270.62 21,822.04 22,307.58 22,098.84 24,066.12 24,083.51
¥21,292.29 21,546.99 19,155.74 19,561.96 20,408.54 20,261.04 21,341.74 16,552.83
 SECOM REPORT 2020 71

 Other Financial Data
Common Stock Data
COMMON STOCK ISSUES
Date
June 15, 1974
Dec. 21, 1974
May 21, 1975
May 21, 1975
Dec. 1, 1975
May 31, 1976
June 1, 1976
Dec. 1, 1976
Nov. 30, 1977
Dec. 1, 1977
Dec. 1, 1978
June 1, 1981
Dec. 1, 1981
Jan. 20, 1983
Nov. 30, 1983
Nov. 30, 1984
Nov. 30, 1985
Jan. 20, 1986
Nov. 30, 1986
Nov. 30, 1987
Jan. 20, 1988
Nov. 30, 1988
Nov. 30, 1989
Jan. 19, 1990
Mar. 31, 1990
Mar. 31, 1991
Mar. 31, 1992
Mar. 31, 1993
Mar. 31, 1994
Mar. 31, 1995
Mar. 31, 1996
Mar. 31, 1997
Mar. 31, 1998
Mar. 31, 1999
Nov. 19, 1999
Mar. 31, 2000
Mar. 31, 2001
Mar. 31, 2002
Mar. 31, 2003
Mar. 31, 2005
July 27, 2017
July 26, 2018
July 26, 2019
July 22, 2020
Note: The above *One share was
Additional shares issued (In thousands)
1,968 2,760 1,196 1,244 4,320 1,880 2,060 6,798 2,042 6,300 7,560 3,000 4,836 5,320
194 1,418 186 6,031 2,878 1,609 3,541 439 1,808 22,986 1,446 2,949 2,035 267 6,986 477 613 1,825 29 159 116,410 273 25 175 6 8 1 2 2 2
Shares outstanding after issue (In thousands)
9,200 11,960 13,156 14,400 18,720 20,600 22,660 29,458 31,500 37,800 45,360 48,360 53,196 58,516 58,710 60,128 60,314 66,345 69,223 70,832 74,373 74,812 76,620 99,606
101,052 104,001 106,036 106,303 113,289 113,766 114,379 116,204 116,233 116,392 232,802 233,075 233,100 233,275 233,281 233,289 233,290 233,292 233,294 233,296
Share capital after issue (In thousands of yen)
¥00,460,000 598,000 657,800 720,000 936,000 1,030,000 1,133,000 1,472,900 1,575,000 1,890,000 2,268,000 2,418,000 2,659,800 3,000,000 3,280,942 5,329,282 5,602,945 5,602,945 11,269,932 15,021,200 15,021,200 16,063,099 21,573,139 21,573,139 25,070,104 32,244,732 37,338,751 37,991,568 56,756,263 58,214,178 59,865,105 65,253,137 65,327,060 65,709,927 65,709,927 66,096,852 66,126,854 66,360,338 66,368,827 66,377,829 66,385,263 66,392,692 66,401,083 66,410,237
Allotment ratio to shareholders
— 3for10 1for10 — 3for10 — 1for10 3for10 — 2for10 2for10 — 1for10 1for10 — — — 1for10 — — 0.5 for 10 — — 3for10 — — — — — — — — — —
10 for 10* —
— — — — — — — —
Remarks
Issue at market price (¥900) Stock split
Stock split
Issue at market price (¥1,134) Stock split
Issue at market price (¥2,570) Stock split
Stock split
Issue at market price (¥1,700) Stock split
Stock split
Issue at market price (¥2,230)
Stock split
Stock split
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Stock split
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Stock split
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Stock split
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Stock split
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Conversion of convertible bonds
Issue of new shares as restricted stock compensation Issue of new shares as restricted stock compensation Issue of new shares as restricted stock compensation Issue of new shares as restricted stock compensation
  72 SECOM REPORT 2020
is a record of SECOM’s common stock issues since the common stock was listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in June 1974. split into two.

 Corporate Information
Financial Information and References
(As of June 30, 2020)
 Headquarters: Independent auditors:
Administrator of the register of shareholders:
5-1, Jingumae 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0001, Japan KPMG AZSA LLC
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
4-5, Marunouchi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8212, Japan
   MAJOR CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
Domestic <Security services>
Secom Joshinetsu Co., Ltd.
Secom Hokuriku Co., Ltd.
Secom Yamanashi Co., Ltd.
Secom Mie Co., Ltd.
Secom Sanin Co., Ltd.
Secom Kochi Co., Ltd.
Secom Miyazaki Co., Ltd.
Secom Ryukyu Co., Ltd.
Secom Jastic Co., Ltd.
Secom Jastic Joshinetsu Co., Ltd.
Secom Jastic Hokuriku Co., Ltd.
Secom Jastic Yamanashi Co., Ltd.
Secom Jastic Sanin Co., Ltd.
Secom Jastic Kochi Co., Ltd.
Secom Jastic Miyazaki Co., Ltd.
Secom Static Hokkaido Co., Ltd.
Secom Static Tohoku Co., Ltd.
Secom Static Nishi-Nihon Co., Ltd.
Secom Static Kansai Co., Ltd.
Secom Static Ryukyu Co., Ltd.
Secom Sado Co., Ltd.
JK. Siress Co., Ltd.
Japan Safety Guard Co., Ltd.
Japan Nuclear Security System Co., Ltd.
Meian Co., Ltd.
Secom Tech Sanin Co., Ltd.
Secom Techno Joshinetsu Co., Ltd.
Secom Win Co., Ltd.
Secom Industries Co., Ltd.
Otec Electronics Co., Ltd.
Secom Alpha Co., Ltd.
Secom Mine Security Co., Ltd.
Social Rehabilitation Support Kitsuregawa Co., Ltd.
Secom Kitsuregawa Security Co., Ltd.
Home Life Kanri Co., Ltd.
Kumalift Co., Ltd.
Asahi Security Co., Ltd.
Secom Tosec Co., Ltd.
Aroba Inc.
Issued capital (In millions of yen)
¥3,530
201
15
50
290
50
30
76
100
40
10
10
10
10
10
50
50
50
50
10
24
10
100
200
60
23
30
15
499
200
271
30
10
50
40
100
100
30
255
Percentage of equity/ voting rights
(53.4)%
59.1
70.0
51.0
64.3
40.0
68.3
50.0
100.0
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
60.0
50.0
51.0
(100.0)
(100.0)
66.7
100.0
82.0
100.0
100.0
51.7
100.0
(100.0)
100.0
100.0
80.1
100.0
Lines of business
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Installation of security equipment
Installation of security equipment
(As of June 30, 2020)
               Installation of security equipment and facilities
Manufacturing of security equipment
Manufacturing and sales of security systems
Sales of security and water-treatment equipment
Security services
Operation of PFI correctional facilities
Security services
Condominium management
Manufacture, sales and maintenance of freight elevators
     Security services
Security services
Software development
  Notes: 1. ( ) indicates the percentage of equity/voting rights held by both SECOM CO., LTD. and certain of its subsidiaries, or by certain subsidiaries independently. 2. Subsidiaries are categorized into segments above according to their major lines of business.
(Continued )
SECOM REPORT 2020 73
  
 Corporate Information
MAJOR CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
<Fire protection services>
Ichibou Co., Ltd.
Kyushu Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda Service Co., Ltd.
Nohmi Engineering Corp.
Nohmi System Co., Ltd.
Iwate Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Tohoku Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Aomori Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Nissin Bohsai Co., Ltd.
Chiba Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Shikoku Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Nohmi Techno Engineering Co., Ltd.
Akita Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Fukushima Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Niigata Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Hokkaido Nohmi Co., Ltd.
Yashima Bosai Setsubi Co., Ltd.
System Service Co., Ltd.
Nittan Co., Ltd.
Nittan Electronic Co., Ltd.
Nittan Denko Co., Ltd.
Nittan Hokkaido Service Center Co., Ltd.
Shell Beach Co., Ltd.
Consilium Nittan Marine Ltd.
<Medical services>
Secom Medical System Co., Ltd.
Mac Corp.
Yoshikikaku Co., Ltd.
Kensei Co., Ltd.
Secomfort Tama Co., Ltd.
Alive Medicare Co., Ltd.
Secomfort Co., Ltd.
Secomfort West Co., Ltd.
US Chemical Co., Ltd.
Secom Medipharma Co., Ltd.
Issued capital (In millions of yen)
28
30
20
80
20
30
32
20
50
10
20
40
20
20
20
20
20
80
2,303
60
10
10
10
42
100
95
20
100
100
50
100
100
3
10
Percentage of equity/ voting rights
(73.2)
(100.0)
(70.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(82.0)
(100.0)
100.0
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(50.0)
100.0
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
Lines of business
Installation of fire protection equipment
(As of June 30, 2020)
  Nohmi Bosai Ltd. ¥13,302 (50.4)% Manufacturing and sales of fire protection equipment and facilities
 Installation and maintenance of fire protection equipment
Building management
Installation of fire protection equipment
Maintenance of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of environmental monitoring systems
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation of fire protection equipment
Installation and maintenance of fire protection equipment
Installation, sales and maintenance of fire protection equipment
Manufacturing of fire protection equipment
Installation and maintenance of fire protection equipment
Installation and maintenance of fire protection equipment
Installation and maintenance of fire protection equipment
Sales of fire protection equipment
Home health/nursing care and other medical-related services
Sales of medical equipment
Operation of restaurants and shops at medical facilities
             Management of pharmacies
Management of nursing homes
Management of nursing homes
Management of nursing homes
Management of nursing homes
Management of pharmacies
Wholesaling of pharmaceuticals
    Notes: 1. ( ) indicates the percentage of equity/voting rights held by both SECOM 2. Subsidiaries are categorized into segments above according to their major
CO., LTD. and certain of its subsidiaries, or by certain subsidiaries independently. lines of business.
(Continued )
74 SECOM REPORT 2020

MAJOR CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
<Insurance services>
Secom Insurance Service Co., Ltd.
Secom General Insurance Co., Ltd.
<Geospatial information services>
Pasco Corp.
GIS Hokkaido Co., Ltd.
GIS Kanto Co., Ltd.
Mid Map Tokyo Corp.
RIIC Corp.
Higashi-Nihon Sogo Keikaku Co., Ltd.
Satellite Image Marketing Corp.
<BPO and ICT services>
At Tokyo Corp.
TMJ, Inc.
BiOS, Inc.
Mobile Select, Inc.
<Real estate and other services>
Secom Home Life Co., Ltd.
Arai & Co., Ltd.
Arai Corporation, Inc.
Secom Credit Co., Ltd.
Secom Corp.
Secom Auto Service Co., Ltd.
Wonder Dream Co., Ltd.
Secom Business Plus Co., Ltd.
Secom Home Service Co., Ltd.
Secom Engineering Co., Ltd.
Toko Create Co., Ltd.
Issued capital (In millions of yen)
¥ 100
16,809
8,758
190
40
15
20
200
60
13,379
100
39
10
3,700
3,000
10
400
100
45
100
20
32
100
50
Percentage of equity/ voting rights
(100.0)%
97.1
69.8
(100.0)
(52.6)
(60.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
50.9
100.0
(90.0)
(100.0)
99.9
86.7
(100.0)
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
96.6
Lines of business
Non-life insurance agency
Non-life insurance
Geospatial information services
Geospatial information services
Geospatial information services
Geospatial information services
Geospatial information services
Geospatial information services
Geospatial information services
Data center business
BPO services
Bilingual IT services
Contact center support services
Development of residential buildings
Real estate leasing
Management of real estate
Credit services
Clerical services
Car maintenance
Employee welfare for SECOM Group
General office services
Lifestyle support services
Design, construction and maintenance of facilities
Electrical engineering
Financial Information and References
 (As of June 30, 2020)
       Secom Trust Systems Co., Ltd. 1,469 100.0 Information, communication, information security services and software development
         Notes: 1. ( ) indicates the percentage of equity/voting rights held by both SECOM 2. Subsidiaries are categorized into segments above according to their major
CO., LTD. and certain of its subsidiaries, or by certain subsidiaries independently. lines of business.
(Continued )
SECOM REPORT 2020 75

Corporate Information
MAJOR CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
Overseas <Security services>
Secom plc
Scan Alarms Ltd.
Scan Alarms & Security Systems (UK) Ltd.
Secom (China) Co., Ltd.
Dalian Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Beijing Jingdun Secom Electronic Security Co., Ltd.
Qingdao Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Guangdong Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Fujian Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Sichuan Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Shaanxi Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Zhejiang Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Liaoning Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Tianjin Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Jiangsu Secom Security Co., Ltd.
PT. Secom Indonesia
PT. Secom Bhayangkara
PT. Secom Realty Indonesia
Thai Secom Security Co., Ltd.
Secom Australia Pty. Ltd.
Secom Technical Services Unit Trust
Secom Guardall NZ Ltd.
Secom Trading Co., Ltd.
Secom Vietnam Security Service JSC
Secom (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
D’Garde Security Pte. Ltd.
Secom Aktif Guvenlik Yatirim A.S.
Secom Aktif Elektronik Güvenlik Cözümleri A.S.
<Other services>
Nohmi Taiwan Ltd.
Nittan Europe Ltd.
Nittan Asean Co., Ltd. – Vietnam Headquarters
Secom Medical System (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Takshasila Hospitals Operating Pvt. Ltd.
Takshasila Healthcare and Research Service Pvt. Ltd.
Pasco Philippines Corp.
Pasco (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
PT. Nusantara Secom InfoTech
Pasco North America Inc.
Value Communication Services (Shanghai), Inc.
Jie Sheng Communication Services (Shanghai), Inc.
TMJP BPO Services, Inc.
The Westec Security Group, Inc.
ClearLight Partners, LLC
ClearLight Partners II, LLC
ClearLight Partners III, LLC
Issued capital
£44,126 thousand
£20 thousand
£50 thousand
¥5,550 million
US$2,000 thousand
Rmb80,000 thousand
US$2,500 thousand
US$1,000 thousand
US$4,500 thousand
Rmb15,000 thousand
Rmb10,000 thousand
Rmb10,000 thousand
Rmb15,000 thousand
Rmb10,000 thousand
Rmb5,000 thousand
Rmb15,000 thousand
US$4,111 thousand
I.RPA3,200 million
I.RPA97,972 million
THB378,934 thousand
AUD18,126 thousand
AUD5,951 thousand
NZD1,604 thousand
¥120 million
VND95,177 million
S$5,000 thousand
S$100 thousand
TRY57,783 thousand
TRY57,865 thousand
NT$15,000 thousand
£1,194 thousand
US$3,236 thousand
S$51,330 thousand
INR3,029 million
INR15 million
PHP50,400 thousand
THB129,000 thousand
US$3,304 thousand
US$5,621 thousand
Rmb35,749 thousand
Rmb5,000 thousand
PHP35,900 thousand
US$0.3 thousand
—
—
—
Percentage of equity/ voting rights
100.0%
(100.0)
(100.0)
100.0
(95.0)
(85.0)
(80.0)
(80.0)
(100.0)
(95.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(97.0)
(60.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
49.0
(40.0)
(99.9)
49.0
100.0
(70.0)
(100.0)
100.0
(80.0)
46.6
(100.0)
50.0
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(49.7)
(99.3)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(100.0)
(99.9)
100.0
(99.7)
(99.0)
(98.0)
Lines of business
Security services
Holding company
Security services
Holding company
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Real estate leasing
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Sales of security equipment
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
Security services
(As of June 30, 2020)
Financial Information and References
                  Shanghai Nohmi Secom Fire Protection Equipment Co., Ltd. US$14,300 thousand (100.0) Manufacturing and sales of fire protection equipment and facilities
Manufacturing and sales of fire protection equipment and facilities
Sales of fire protection equipment
Manufacturing of fire protection equipment
Holding company
Hospital management
Management of hospital real estate
Geospatial information services
Geospatial information services
Geospatial information services and software development
Geospatial information services
BPO services
BPO services
BPO services
Holding company
Investment
Investment
Investment
         Notes: 1. ( ) indicates the percentage of equity/voting rights held by both SECOM CO., LTD. and certain of its subsidiaries, or by certain subsidiaries independently. 2. Subsidiaries are categorized into segments above according to their major lines of business.
76 SECOM REPORT 2020

 Regarding Publication of SECOM Report 2020
Disclosure Configuration
The IR and Sustainability sections of the SECOM corporate website provide additional detailed information on our operating performance, including financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and initiatives aimed at helping realize a sustainable society.
  Detailed
  Sustainability Report
https://www.secom.co.jp/english/csr/
ESG Comparison Table/ESG Data
https://www.secom.co.jp/english/csr/esg/
Financial data (U.S. GAAP)
https://www.secom.co.jp/english/ir/lib05.html
    Nonfinancial information
Editorial Policy
For many years, we published an annual report that provided a comprehensive look at our activities and performance, focusing on financial information but also including ESG-related and other nonfinancial information.
In 2020, we revised our overall approach to the report, enhancing nonfinancial information to more accurately reflect our identity as a company that seeks to provide enduring peace of mind to an ever-changing society and, through that effort, to continue growing together with society. Accordingly, we also changed the name to “SECOM Report,” which we feel is more appropriate for the current format. References used in the production of SECOM Report 2020 include the disclosure framework for integrated reports issued by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation, put out by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI). We have positioned this report as a core tool that systematically and concisely communicates with shareholders and investors by combining information on the various strategies that are essential to the creation of corporate value with financial and nonfinancial information.
Financial information
SECOM Report
  General
Scope of Reporting
In principle, this report provides information on SECOM CO., LTD., and its consolidated subsidiaries, equity-method companies and variable interest entities. (In instances where the scope differs, an explanation is provided.)
Reporting Period
This report is for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. (Some data subsequent to that period is included.)
Accounting Principles
Unless otherwise indicated, all financial data has been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements about future plans and strategies, as well as forecasts and expectations regarding SECOM’s performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements.
 An Official Partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020
 As an official partner (Security Services and Planning category), we will contribute to the safe and secure staging of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020.
Our history with the Olympics stretches back five decades. Still in our infancy, in 1964 we provided security services for the Olympic Village at the first
Tokyo Olympics, earning high marks and the trust of society, an achievement that contributed to our subsequent evolution and growth.
We will continue working to create innovative services to help ensure the safe and secure staging of the upcoming games.
SECOM REPORT 2020 77

 SECOM CO., LTD.
5-1, Jingumae 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0001, Japan www.secom.co.jp
Printed in Japan
