GoverGnoavnecrenianitcieativesRelevant SDGsCorporate governance
Central themes
  Information security/data security
Summary
Independent oversight of management and ensure proper business execution while working to actively disclose information to shareholders and other stakeholders
Promotion of information security through establishment of the SECOM Group Information Security Basic Policy and creating and operating a robust information security system Compliance
Efforts to improve compliance by promoting strict adherence to the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct
In line with Japan’s Corporate Governance Code and at the direction of top management, outside members of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board provide independent oversight of the management team’s performance in a manner that takes into account the interest of stakeholders and ensures the appropriate execution of business activities. We also work actively to disclose information to shareholders and other stakeholders and strengthen our compliance framework.Basic philosophy
 With the aim of earning the continued support of our customers, shareholders, clients, employees, local communities and other stakeholders as a company with value that is worthy of trust,
we strive to maximize corporate and shareholder value over the medium to long term and recognize the importance of fulfilling our responsibilities as a corporate citizen and achieving sustainable growth and development.
Initiatives to strengthen corporate governance
 1986: Creates SECOM’s PhilosophyArea
Establishment of corporate governance system
1986
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020Separation of management and execution
 Number of directors designated in the Articles of Incorporation
 Term of service of directors
 Number of directors
 Number of auditors
 Number of outside directors
 Number of outside auditors
 Remuneration for/ appointment of directors    2006: Formulates basic rules of management for SECOM Group companies
 2010: Establishes the SECOM Group Management Committee
   2004: Institutes an executive officer system
Up to 2004: Maximum of 40
 From 2005: Maximum of 20
    Up to 2003: 2 years
 From 2004: 1 year
2000–2001: 28–29 2002–2003: 22–23
 From 2004: 10–13
Up to 2002: 2
 From 2003: 3
Up to 2010: 4
 From 2011: 5
2013–2015: 2
From 2016: 3
 From 2020: 4
            2016:
Establishes Nomination and Compensation Committee
 2017:
Adopts performance-linked remuneration system
 44 SECOM REPORT 2020
 Outline of corporate governance system
We are a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board. The Board of Directors, which includes four outside members, determines overall management and business execution policies and super- vises the execution of duties by directors. Executive officers, led by the President and Representative Director, are responsible for business execution. Under our corporate governance system, the Audit & Supervisory Board, which includes three outside mem- bers, and the Board of Directors coordinate with the internal audit departments to audit and supervise directors’ and executive
officers’ discharge of their duties. We believe that this enables us to conduct independent oversight of management and ensure appropriate business execution.
The Nomination and Compensation Committee has been established as a discretionary committee of the Board of Directors. This committee, which is responsible for presenting candidates for the position of director to the Board of Directors and for ensuring the appropriateness of remuneration for directors, comprises seven directors, four of whom are outside.
  Corporate governance organization
 Appointment/ dismissal
Selection/ oversight
General Meeting of Shareholders
Proposal of candidates for the position of director
Determination/submission of decisions regarding remuneration
Reporting on important matters
Coordination Enhancement of compliance/internal auditing
Deliberation
Appointment/ dismissal
Office of Audit & Supervisory Board: Three employees (Operational, accounting and compliance audits)
Accounting audit
 Board of Directors
(11 members, four of whom are outside directors)
 Authorization/consultation regarding remuneration
 Nomination and Compensation Committee
  Audit & Supervisory Board
(Five members, three of whom are outside)
   Chairman and Representative Director
  President and Representative Director
Internal audit departments
 Legal affairs departments
      Executive Officers
Organizational Culture Committee
Audit by independent public accountants
  Board of Directors
Executive Officers
Audit & Supervisory Board
  The Board of Directors comprises 11 directors and in principle meets monthly, with five members of the Audit & Supervisory Board also in attendance. The Board of Directors is responsible for deciding overall management policies and business execution policies, as well as for monitoring the performance of duties by directors, and strives to promote the active exchange of opinions with the aim of ensuring effective and swift decision making. Six of the 11 members are responsible for business execution, with the remaining five members (the founder and the four outside directors) having no involvement.
  We have adopted an executive officers system, whereby the Board of Directors is responsible for decision making and the executive officers are responsible for business execution. This was done with the aim of strengthening field divisions and enhancing customer service systems by clarifying responsibilities and authority and expediting business execution. We currently have 30 executive officers, six of whom are also directors.
 The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises five members, two of whom are full-time and three of whom are outside. In principle, the Audit & Supervisory Board meets monthly. Individuals well-versed in our businesses and internal affairs, as well as in finance and accounting, are appointed to serve as full-time members, while individuals who are independent of the management team, have extensive knowledge of corporate management, legal, financial and other matters and are capable of providing effective oversight and monitoring of the management team, are appointed to serve as outside members.
   SECOM REPORT 2020 45

 ESG Initiatives
Nomination of candidates for appointment to the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board In accordance with the policy for appointment set forth by the Board of Directors, candidates for appointment to the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board are decided through deliberation by the Board of Directors. Candidates for the Board of Directors are nominated from among candidates determined through discussion by the Nomination and Compensation Committee, the majority of whom are outside directors. Candi- dates for the Audit & Supervisory Board are nominated with the agreement of the Audit & Supervisory Board.
Internal audits and cooperation among board members and offices
Audits by Audit & Supervisory Board members
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend important meetings, including those of the Board of Directors, to exchange opinions on overall corporate management, as well as to collect reports on the discharge of duties from directors and other pertinent individuals and conduct audits focused on the possible occurrence of violations of laws, regulations, the Articles of Incorporation and/or sharehold- ers’ interests. The Audit & Supervisory Board also conducts audits of our overall business activities, as well as those of subsidiaries and affiliates, in accordance with annual audit plans.
Regular meetings between the President and Representative Director and Audit & Supervisory
Board members
Audit & Supervisory Board members hold regular (monthly) meet- ings with the President and Representative Director, during which they exchange opinions on important management-related issues, including the results of audits, to ensure common understanding.
Meetings between Audit & Supervisory Board members and accounting auditors
Audit & Supervisory Board members meet regularly (six times annually) with the accounting auditors, as well as additional meet- ings as necessary, for the purpose of exchanging opinions and information. Audit & Supervisory Board members receive explana- tions and exchange opinions regarding annual audit plans and audit results. If necessary, Audit & Supervisory Board members also act as witnesses during audits conducted by the accounting auditors at remote locations and during audit reviews (23 times in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020).
Collaboration with internal audit and other departments
Audit & Supervisory Board members hold regular (monthly) meet- ings with the Internal Audit and Compliance Department, during which they receive reports and exchange opinions on the results of internal audits and, as appropriate, receive reports on inspec- tions of subsidiaries from and exchange opinions and information with the Group Governance Department. If necessary, to ensure the efficiency of audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members ask the internal audit departments to conduct investigations.
Principal Activities of Audit & Supervisory Board members in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020
77 times
101 locations
 Participation in meetings of the Board of Directors
 Participation in meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board
 Information sessions with directors and other executives of the parent company, subsidiaries and affiliated companies
 Audits conducted by Audit & Supervisory Board members at remote locations
 98.18% 98.18%
 46 SECOM REPORT 2020

 Outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
 We appoint individuals who have extensive knowledge of corpo- rate management to serve as outside directors, thereby incorpo- rating a broad range of external perspectives not constrained by the internal affairs. We thus have a structure that ensures the transparency and objectivity of management.
We appoint Audit & Supervisory Board members who have a wealth of knowledge of corporate management, legal, financial and other matters (including three outside members, who are essentially independent of the management team). We have also established an auditing organization (including the Office of Audit & Supervisory Board Members) that operates independent of day- to-day operations and a process (including periodic meetings
between the President and Representative Director, among others, and the Audit & Supervisory Board members). This ensures that Audit & Supervisory Board members’ objective and neutral opin- ions are reflected promptly in operations. As a consequence, we believe that we fulfill our responsibility to conduct independent oversight of management performance in a manner that takes into account the interests of stakeholders.
We appoint outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members on the basis of pertinent requirements set forth in Japan’s Companies Act and the standards concerning inde- pendence set forth by financial instruments exchanges.Name
Principal activitiesAttendance at Board of Directors’ meetings
Attendance at Audit & Supervisory Board meetingsOutside directorsTakaharu Hirose
Mr. Hirose offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained in the foundation and management of multiple enterprises and industry organizations. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.11/11
—Hirobumi Kawano
Mr. Kawano offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained through the holding of important positions in government. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.11/11
—Hajime Watanabe
Mr. Watanabe offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained through his many years of experience in corporate management. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.11/11
—Outside Audit & Supervisory Board membersHideki KatoMr. Kato offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience gained through the execution of national policies and insights gained as a result of his accomplishments at a policy think tank. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.11/1111/11Makoto Yasuda
Mr. Yasuda offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained in the management of a global enterprise. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.11/11
11/11Setsuo Tanaka
Mr. Tanaka offers advice and suggestions at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained through the holding of important positions in government. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues. He also makes efforts to understand what was discussed at Board of Directors or Audit & Supervisory Board meetings he has missed by obtaining reports on resolutions from, respectively, the individual in charge of meeting administration or an Audit & Supervisory Board member.7/8
7/8
Outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board membersNotes: 1. Information on attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board is for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
2. Setsuo Tanaka was elected and assumed the position of Audit & Supervisory Board member at the ordinary general meeting of shareholders held on July 26, 2019.
Accordingly, the figures for his attendance are for meetings of the Board of Directors meetings and the Audit & Supervisory Board held on or after that date.
SECOM REPORT 2020 47