  Integrated Report 2018 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
   
  Management Philosophy
 As an intrinsic part of people’s lives, Sapporo will contribute to
the evolution of creative,
enriching and rewarding lifestyles.
Fundamental Management Policy
The Sapporo Group strives to
maintain integrity in corporate conduct that reinforces stakeholder trust
and aims to achieve continuous growth in corporate value.
      
         01
 
COVER STORY
Becoming a Compan with Highly Unique
The Sapporo Group has inherited aspirations for the future alongside its stakeholders.
These aspirations have crystallized into the Sapporo Group brand.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 02
History
In 1876, the Sapporo Group marked its founding with the completion of the Kaitakushi Brewery in Sapporo, Hokkaido Prefecture. Throughout the over 140 years of history since its founding, the Sapporo Group has expanded its business domains to include not only Alcoholic Beverages but also Food & Soft Drinks, Restaurants, and Real Estate. Through these business domains, we have contributed to the evolu- tion of enriching and rewarding lifestyles for our customers in a variety of settings.
  y Brands
 
Integrated Report 2018
 Dialogues
The history of the Sapporo Group is one made of dialogues accumulated over time with its customers and other stakeholders. We have been deeply involved in people’s lives, developing products and services to please our customers while providing a new eating and drinking scene that delivers joy and excitement.
  Innovation & Quality
The Sapporo Group has acquired insight and understanding from dialogues with its customers and implemented them toward innovation and the pursuit of quality. Those aspirations have crystallized as our many brand assets, which we want to share with our stakeholders.
03
  
   SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
COVER STORY: Becoming a Company with Highly Unique Brands
Natural
The Sapporo Group is a food manu- facturer deeply committed to its raw materials. As we benefit from the blessings of nature, we are working
to ensure that these blessings can be inherited by future generations. Addressing and lowering the risks of climate change through the breeding of barley and hops is just one example of these efforts.
Community
We hold the connections to and relationships with regions and towns such as Ebisu, Sapporo, Ginza, and Nagoya in the highest regard; areas such as these house the contact points between us and our customers.
The Sapporo Group takes a proactive role in urban development, working to create and cultivate a “luxurious time” and “luxurious space.”
   04

   Integrated Report 2018
  Human Resources
The key to refining our brands and strengthening bonds through our brand story is our human resources. Our diverse roster of human resources are working to go beyond the boundaries of alcoholic beverages, food & soft drinks, and real estate while helping provide creative, enriching, and rewarding lifestyles to the world.
Refining our brands
Strengthening bonds through our brand story
By refining our brands, the crystallization of our history, through the pursuit of innovation and quality, and by strengthening bonds through our brand story—built upon over 140 years of that same history—we aim to be a company with highly unique brands.
   05

   Natural Natural capital
Effective use of sustainable natural resources
P.52
Manufactured
capital
Breweries, factories, equipment, and infra- structure indispensable for manufacturing
P.26
Refining our brands
Business model
P.25
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
The Sapporo Group’s Value Creation Story
Our value creation story aims to realize our Management Philosophy–“As an intrinsic part of people’s lives, Sapporo will contribute to the evolution of creative, enriching and rewarding lifestyles.” This value creation story is drawn from a brand story based on over 140 years of history that we want to share with our stakeholders.
While boldly pushing forward with a two-pronged approach that focuses on a business model for refining our brands, which have crystallized through our pursuit of innovation and quality, and our CSR activities, which strengthen bonds through our brand story, we will work to attain our 2026 Group Vision and create corporate value unique to the Company.
     Financial capital
A sound financial base and trust from the capital market
Human Human capital
Healthy employees who inherit the Sapporo Group’s DNA
P.44
Intellectual
capital
Innovative ideas and inspiration
P.42
P.48
      Dialogues Innovation
& Quality
The brand story we will inherit together with our stakeholders
History
Strengthening bonds through our brand story Basic CSR policy P.50
  Social and relationship capital
Good relationships with customers and other stakeholders
P.57
Community 06

  Alcoholic Beverages
2026 Group Vision
The Sapporo Group will be a company with highly unique brands in the fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks” around the world.
 Food
 Soft Drinks
   The Sapporo Group Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150”
P.32
Management Philosophy
Integrated Report 2018
    As an intrinsic part of people’s lives, Sapporo will contribute to the evolution of creative, enriching and rewarding lifestyles.
Value Created by the Sapporo Group
Deliver new products and services by pursuing innovation and quality
Pioneer new markets by refining tangible and intangible brand assets
Contribute to revitalizing communication among customers by providing products and services
Provide “fun,” “joy,” and “vitality for tomorrow” to all stakeholders through business expansion
Promote ESG management to contribute to realizing a sustainable society
      07

   COVER STORY
  Special Feature 1
 Special Feature 2
  SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
The Sapporo Group’s Value System
01 Management Philosophy and Fundamental Management Policy 02
Becoming a Company with Highly Unique Brands 06 The Sapporo Group’s Value Creation Story
08 Contents / Editorial Policy / Information Framework 10 Message from the President
The Sapporo Group’s Business Model
16 Our History
18 Our Businesses
20 2018 Value Creation Highlights
22 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 25 The Sapporo Group’s Business Model
The Sapporo Group’s Growth Strategies
28
Delivering Value Unique to the Sapporo Group by Refining Our Brands 32 The Sapporo Group Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150”
36 Business Strategy
42 R&D Strategy
44 Human Resource Strategy
48 Financial Strategy
The Sapporo Group’s Sustainability Management
50 Basic CSR Policy 52
Tackling Risks Stemming from Climate Change through the Breeding of Barley and Hops 54 Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
57 Stakeholder Engagement
58 Discussing Corporate Governance
62 Corporate Governance
68 Risk Management
70 Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Group Operating Officers
Results / Results Indicators
72 Eleven-Year Summary of Financial and Non-Financial Data 74 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
78 Consolidated Financial Statements
83 Corporate Data
 08
CONTENTS

 Editorial Policy
Integrated Report 2018 serves to inform all stakeholders about the Sapporo Group’s distinct value as a group with highly unique brands and expresses its direction and intentions toward the future—a future in which the Group plays an indispensable part for society. This integrated report is intended to facilitate understanding of the Group’s economic and social value creation as accom- plished through our management strategy and business and CSR activities,
and to inform readers on the state and progress of our initiatives. Our editorial policy is to provide in a clear and straightforward manner information regarding the changes that will take place moving forward.
In doing so, we hope that all stakeholders, including shareholders and other investors, will grasp the Sapporo Group’s vision toward sustainable growth.
June 2019
Note: The Sapporo Group has reclassified its business segments, starting from fiscal 2019. This change has been reflected in all sections of this integrated report excluding the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis” section on pages 74–77.
Information Framework
For more information regarding financial and non-financial matters, please visit the Company website.
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this integrated report with respect to the Company’s forecasts, perfor- mance or otherwise, are based on the Company’s judgments in light of the latest information available as of the publication
of this report and contain potential risks and contingencies. For that reason, please be aware that due to various changing factors, actual results may vary from the forecasts published in this report.
Period Covered
This report covers the fiscal year ended December 2018 (Jan. 1, 2018–Dec. 31, 2018). However, it may refer to events before or after this period as necessary.
Organizations Covered
Sapporo Holdings, Ltd. and Group companies
Referenced Guidelines
• International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), The International <IR> Framework
• Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry,
Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation
• GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)
Sustainability Reporting Standards
(International guidelines on corporate
sustainability reporting)
• International Organization for
Standardization ISO 26000
(Guidance on social responsibility)
• Ministry of the Environment
Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018
Integrated Report 2018
    • Securities reports Website • Financial results
 Integrated Report
 Communication Book
• Corporate Governance Report
• CSR information
Non-financial
 Summarized
Detailed
Supported Initiatives
• UN Global Compact
 Sapporo Holdings has signed the United Nations Global Compact.
   09
• SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals)
• TCFD (The FSB Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures)
Detailed
Financial

 Message from
the President
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 10
Masaki Oga
President and Representative Director

A “Year of Change” with Clear Intentions
To welcome 150 years since our founding in 2026, we established a series of goals in our Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150.” To achieve these goals, we created a road map separated into check- points. Fiscal 2017 marked the first year of the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020, and the first checkpoint of this road map. Fiscal 2018, mean- while, marked the end of the first half of the plan, but with preparations for the second half came the unfortunate realization that we were behind in our progress. Therefore, we have positioned fiscal 2019 as “the Year of Change,” and have embarked on a reformation of our business framework.
The idea behind the “Year of Change” is that it is a period to ascertain what businesses we need to focus on, while taking into account the issues that linger from fiscal 2017–fiscal 2018. Looking at consumption related to alcoholic beverages and soft
drinks, we have learned that current marketing and sales methods cannot hold up in light of changing customer tastes and styles of drinking, the shift in sales channels away from vending machines, chang- ing and strengthening regulations, and other factors.
Accordingly, we will strengthen our efforts in areas where we see favorable results or sense a posi- tive response, stay focused on our transition toward a more gainful period, despite the current shortfall, and remain mindful that we will see improvements as long as we continue with these efforts. However, we will not continue with businesses that show no signs of improvement. Therefore, we will draw a line, making the firm distinction between businesses where we will focus our efforts and those from which we will pull away. At the same time, we are conscious of the importance of timing for making this line clear, both inside and outside the Company, and will present concrete results of these structural reforms by fiscal 2020.
Integrated Report 2018
We envision ourselves as
“a company with highly unique brands.” To this end, we will create value unique to the Sapporo Group on a global basis in the business fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks.”
In doing so, we will create sustainable growth and realize a sustainable society.
 11

Message from the President
A Vision for Promoting Global Expansion and Our Future Business Structure
We have also reviewed our approach to business to better demonstrate our intentions. Over the past 10 years, we have expanded and accelerated our efforts in the “Food” field, initiated by our acquisition of POKKA CORPORATION. We have also ramped up our promotion of global expansion in the last decade, centered in North America and Southeast Asia. Now, overseas business accounts for over 20% of consolidated revenue, and overseas employees represent over one-fifth of the Group’s human resources. As a result, there is no longer any need to classify overseas business as a separate category. Moreover, the ratio of overseas beer sales volume to domestic beer sales volume doubled over a period of roughly 10 years. This, coupled with the gradual shift of business in Vietnam—previously a cause for concern—to profitability, means that the timing is right to significantly revise the vision for our businesses, of which overseas business is a part.
In the Alcoholic Beverages segment, control of the export business of Sapporo International Inc. was transferred to Sapporo Breweries Limited, effective January 1, 2018. Similarly, control of the Vietnam business was transferred to Sapporo Breweries Limited effective January, 1, 2019. These transfers are part of efforts to switch to an integrated system for each business unit, with a burden of responsibility built into its framework—covering everything from procurement to manufacturing, logistics, sales, brand management, and governance—and to incorporate domestic and overseas business. Under
Under a system with
clear business leaders, responsibilities, and authority, we are promoting
the Group’s growth strategy through three business segments: Alcoholic Beverages, Food & Soft Drinks, and Real Estate.
a system with clear business leaders, responsibilities, and authority, we are promoting the Group’s growth strategy through three business segments: Alcoholic Beverages, Food & Soft Drinks, and Real Estate.
A Vision for a Holding Company That Supports Its Operating Companies
As part of the vision of Sapporo Holdings as a hold- ing company, a move has been made to reassemble the entire Group into one centered in business driven by its operating companies, but this move raises some questions. Since becoming a holding company in 2003, we have seen definite results, such as success with cost-cutting reforms, by consolidat- ing common operations across Group companies. On the other hand, the transition to a holding com- pany has raised some issues. One issue brought to light is that the increase in the number of employees affiliated with the holding company has resulted in its performing functions that are fundamentally business-related. My basic opinion is that a holding company is responsible for filing financial reports, organizing general meetings of shareholders, and upgrading and strengthening corporate governance while supporting its operating companies. In that light, we will increase functionality further by leav- ing Companywide, cross-sectional functions related to IT, legal matters, and Group risk management to the holding company. However, we will also clarify the relationships and positioning between the hold- ing company and the operating companies. With these strategies in hand, we will build a holding structure best suited to current times.
Approaches to M&A, a Contributor to Increased Corporate Value
In fiscal 2018, we recorded an impairment loss on Anchor Brewing Company, with the main cause being our deviation from the original business plan established when acquiring the company. Upon reflection, we realize that there are steps that should have been taken. Before making an acquisition, we must not only be extremely diligent in conducting pre-project surveys, determining investment expen- ditures, monitoring to keep aware of capital costs
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
   12

post-investment, and formulating a post-acquisition business plan, we must also thoroughly ascertain whether we can cultivate the brand of a prospective acquisition. To that end, we will be more exact when executing post-merger integration (PMI), and will also re-examine and reconstruct our global governance structure.
Future decisions related to M&A will be subject to a thorough evaluation process judged compre- hensively, based on areas where we have developed businesses and already-successful brands. I would like to utilize the lessons learned from the acquisi- tion of Canada-based Sleeman Breweries in North America, one of the Company’s pivot points, and if there is a company with which we can collaborate after considering factors such as manufacturing, distribution, sales, and brand management, and then weighing the mutual benefits of such an action, I want to do so. Furthermore, to expand the “Food” field further, we will focus on building a greater affinity and tighter relationships with existing busi- nesses and technologies going forward. As for domestic food products, I believe that there are still untapped regions that show promise. We are also investigating regions that might aid POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage in its role as a food and beverage company and establish synergies with possible M&A candidates.
Creating New Value and Exhibiting Group Synergies
It is important that new value creation is carried out at each operating company as part of a thor- ough pursuit of “fundamental value.” Taking beer as an example, up until now, we have strived to provide a diverse set of products, packaging, and price points, while differentiating our products from competitors. However, no matter how you look at it, these are measures to increase the number of consumers who enjoy our beer. Amid changing consumer tastes, we need to concentrate on producing the most delicious glass of beer pos- sible as we move forward. One of the strengths of the Sapporo Group are spaces like its beer halls, where consumers can experience our brands and we can feel their reactions up close.
One of the strengths of
the Sapporo Group are spaces where consumers can experience our brands and we can feel their reactions up close.
Integrated Report 2018
  13
 
Message from the President
Taking the knowledge we can glean from such spaces, I believe that there are still original and creative discoveries to be made, and we are com- mitted to a thorough search for new kinds of “deli- ciousness” that we can provide to our customers. This idea is taking hold with POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage and involves lemons. Beyond expanding our product lineup, we have developed a variety of products and services centered on the value of lemons. We are also providing added value bolstered by our R&D department while further deepening existing value. In doing so, we are pro- ducing new value unique to the Sapporo Group.
On the one hand, each operating company pro- duces new value by pursuing “fundamental value” in beer and lemons. On the other hand, we can also produce Group synergies by developing products and services, improving logistics, and facilitating exchanges among human resources. For instance, by furthering exchanges between human resources at Sapporo Breweries and POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage, we make it possible for personnel with a variety of backgrounds to see, think, and conceive of things from a variety of angles. Conditions require we move away from our current model, where specialization within a single business is the goal. Rather, as a food manufacturer, we need to embrace a multifaceted approach to business, and incorporate various viewpoints and perspectives. We will use these different perspectives to introduce a system that will increase personnel mobility in pursuit of effective synergies.
ESG Management for Sustainable Growth
To continue meeting the demand of society as a company and promote sustainable growth, we have identified our CSR priority issues and determined
4 Key Promises to our stakeholders: “Contributing to Creative, Enriching and Rewarding Lifestyles Through Alcoholic Beverages, Food, and Soft Drinks,” “Promoting Coexistence with Society,” “Promoting Environmental Conservation,” and “Cultivating Highly Unique Employees.” We have worked to meet medium- to long-term targets aimed at resolving these issues. These efforts contribute to
Conditions require we move away from our current model,
where specialization within
a single business is the goal. Rather, as a food manufacturer, we need to embrace a multifaceted approach to business, and incorporate various viewpoints and perspectives.
our meeting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In addition, I believe we should leverage these efforts as a means to build brand strength and earn trust that will provide the source for growth going forward.
To provide products and services with safe and assured quality, the Sapporo Group employs the Collaborative Contract Farming System, a one-of- a-kind proprietary system to procure raw materials. Under this system, we can actively maintain com- munication with growers as we cultivate materials for our products. Although the effects of climate change and natural disasters can put at risk the quality and volume of the raw materials grown, this straightforward system serves as one measure to promote sustainable production activities. As mea- sures to promote the effective use of water resources for business activities and to combat global warm- ing, we have set goals to reduce water consumption by 6% and CO2 emissions per unit by 12% com- pared with 2013 levels, by the year 2030. We are conducting in-house investigations toward formulat- ing possible goals that suit the future beyond 2030. At the same time, we are applying our unique per- spective as we proceed with our efforts to tackle the “E,” or “Environmental,” in “ESG.”
As for the “S,” or “Social,” we have established 56 partnership agreements with municipalities and uni- versities across Japan in order to promote coopera- tive regional revitalization, cultivate the next generation of people, and prevent natural disasters. These efforts, closely rooted to local areas, are the
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 14

very same corporate activities that we have been performing since the Meiji Period. This is also true for the corporate activities of the Real Estate business segment. We have deep roots in three locations— Sapporo, Ebisu, and Ginza—each tied to our Group’s origins and closely related to our brands. As we maintain ties with these communities, we are also promoting rich urban development therein. In all regions where we have connections, which include manufacturing and raw material supply centers, we will also continue to keep our ties to their local communities close to heart, and contribute to them in ways unique to the Company.
Similarly, the livelihoods of our human resources form the basis for management. The Group pro- motes en masse health management with actions such as the formulation of the Sapporo Group Health Declaration. Valuing the health of each indi- vidual employee in turn serves to increase the sus- tainability of our business activities, which leads to Group growth. In addition, our efforts to recognize and utilize diversity have been lauded by outside organizations. Moving forward, we will continue to value efforts to help human resources prosper as members of society.
The “G,” or “Governance,” in “ESG” is one of the fundamental mechanisms for improving corporate value. As a listed entity, the Group formulated its Basic Policy on Corporate Governance—based on the purport and spirit of the Corporate Governance Code—as a means to the clarify the Group stance and operational policy toward corporate gover- nance. Our basic philosophy is to regard strengthen- ing and enhancing corporate governance as one of our top management priorities. With that in mind, we are working to clarify supervisory, business exe- cution, and auditing functions throughout the Group under the holding company framework.
By further promoting
ESG management going forward, we aim to achieve sustainable growth and
a sustainable society.
As part of our search to find an ideal approach
to business, which includes overseas business,
we utilize the opinions, suggestions, and advice from outside directors—who comprise one-third of our Board of Directors—based on the unique viewpoints and perspectives that inside directors may not pos- sess. Furthermore, in fiscal 2016 we moved ahead of other companies in the industry by appointing a woman as an inside officer. In fiscal 2018, we moved further ahead when we appointed a non-Japanese person as an outside director. In these ways, the Board of Directors is supporting the diversity and globalization efforts that are rising within the Group.
By further promoting ESG management going forward, we aim to achieve sustainable growth and a sustainable society.
To Our Stakeholders
Though I stated this earlier, I will do so again: fiscal 2019 is our “Year of Change.” As we clarify our vision for our operating companies and our holding company, my role as president is to promote action and change, connect these to concrete results and outcomes, and present them to shareholders, inves- tors, and all other stakeholders. I am confident that, as we embark on the road toward completing our organizational reforms and meeting the goals of our business plan for fiscal 2019, new prospects for the next Medium-Term Management Plan will make themselves known along the way. We have our sights locked on revenue growth as a Group. By bringing our businesses back to profitability, we will show that we are standing at the door to our next stage of progress.
I would like to ask all our stakeholders for their continued support and to look forward in anticipa- tion of the significant and sustainable growth we will achieve as we walk through this door.
Integrated Report 2018
  15
June 2019
Masaki Oga President and Representative Director

 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
       1876
1877
Launched Sapporo Lager Beer, the first product
1956
Revival of
Sapporo Beer
1964
Company name changed to SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED
1974
Entered the wine business
1979
Changed Company name to SAPPORO LION LIMITED
1984
Established SAPPORO U.S.A., INC.
   Established the Kaitakushi Brewery in Sapporo, Hokkaido
     1887
1890
Launched Yebisu Beer
     1934
Opened the Beer Hall Lion Ginza 7-chome, now the oldest existing beer hall in Japan
1899
 Established Japan Beer Brewery Company in Ginza, Tokyo
      Space to experi- ence Sapporo brand—Entered the Restaurants business
Opened YEBISU BEER HALL, Japan’s first beer hall in Ginza, Tokyo
1964
        Began exporting beer to the United States
  Entered the Soft Drinks business— Utilization of Carbon dioxide from brewing process
1957
Established Kokusai Inryo Co., Ltd., which later became Sapporo Beverage Co., Ltd.
Established Nikka Lemon Co., Ltd., which later became POKKA CORPORATION
1977
Established POKKA CORPORATION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
   With a history stretching back more than 140 years
to the founding of the Kaitakushi Brewery in Sapporo, Hokkaido Prefecture, in 1876, the Sapporo Group continues to grow. As we write the next page in our history, we will continue to be a corporate group that contributes to society.
Entered the Real Estate business by reviving former brewery sites
1988
Established Seiwa Real Estate Co., Ltd.
(now SAPPORO REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.)
1909
 Started manufacture and sale of Citron
Our History
       The Sapporo Group Brand Story from Then to Now
1890– 1896– 1914– 1949– 1957– 1963– 1976–
Yebisu Beer Anchor Ribbon Ginza Lion POKKA Lemon Shinsyu-ichi Miso BLUE SEAL Miko-chan
       16

            2003
Started operation under a holding company framework with SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED as a pure holding company
Integrated Report 2018
    2006
Entered the shochu business
2009
Opened the first YEBISU BAR jointly developed with SAPPORO BREWERIES in the Ginza Corridor district
2010
Made SAPPORO VIETNAM LTD. into a consolidated subsidiary and expanded business in Southeast Asia
2012
2017
40th anniversary of the launch of
Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label
   2019
120th anniversary of SAPPORO LION
     2017
  Made U.S.-based ANCHOR BREWING COMPANY, LLC a consolidated subsidiary
  2006
2015
Acquired 51% of the shares
of COUNTRY PURE FOODS, INC., making it a consolidated subsidiary
2015
Entered soy milk and chilled products business
Alcoholic Beverages
Food & Soft Drinks
2019
Made spice manufacturer YASUMA CO., LTD. a consolidated subsidiary
Real Estate
2019
25th anniversary of Yebisu Garden Place
  Made SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD. into a consolidated subsidiary and focused on strengthening the SLEEMAN brand
Entered the U.S. soft drinks business and acquired 51% of the shares of SILVER SPRINGS CITRUS, INC., making it a consolidated subsidiary
Made POKKA CORPORATION a wholly owned subsidiary
2013
Integrated business with POKKA CORPORATION and started operations as POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD.
2014
Completed construction of Ebisu First Square
  2011
       1993
Completed construction of Sapporo Factory commercial complex on the former site of Sapporo Brewery
1994
Completed construction of Yebisu Garden Place on the former site of Yebisu Brewery
2018
25th anniversary of Sapporo Factory
Completed construction of GINZA PLACE
2016
Made SHINSYU-ICHI MISO CO., LTD. a consolidated subsidiary
          2016
   1977 – 1988 (revival) 1993 – 1994 – 1994 – 1996 – 2003 –
Sapporo Draft Beer Sleeman Sapporo Factory Yebisu Garden Place Café de Crié Jikkuri Kotokoto Grande Polaire Black Label
     17

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
Our Businesses (Fiscal year ended December 2018)
Alcoholic Beverages
Domestically, we developed the Alcoholic Beverages segment based on our Company slogan, “Bringing more cheer to your ‘Cheers!,’” centered on beer products and which also includes wine and spirits. Overseas, we promoted our growth strategy with a focus on North America and Southeast Asia, basing it on the characteristics of each area. Our beer halls, such as GINZA LION, YEBISU BAR, and the Sapporo Beer Garden, and our other restaurants run with a Japanese style of service and spread the idea of omotenashi by offering our customers a safe, secure, and delicious dining experience in comfortable surroundings. We will always create new products in pursuit of new possibili- ties, and deliver enjoyment and richness to our customers.
Food & Soft Drinks
Domestically, this segment centers on the production and sale of a variety of items, including lemon-based products, soups, soft drinks, and soy milk yogurts. This segment also covers the operation of cafe chains. Overseas, we are developing POKKA brand drinks for roughly 60 countries and regions from our Singapore base. With novel ideas, sparks of inspiration, and overflowing passion, we will continue to create products one after another and provide a sense of “deliciousness” in each one.
Real Estate
The Sapporo Group has a business for managing, operating, and developing real estate centered in Ebisu, Sapporo, and Ginza, three locations where the Group has deep roots. Through urban development projects in these areas, such as Yebisu Garden Place, Sapporo Factory, and GINZA PLACE, we hope to create and cultivate both a “luxurious time” and “luxurious space.”
Revenue
EBITDA*
    Revenue ¥330.0
billion EBITDA
¥20.7
billion
 Revenue ¥161.3
billion EBITDA
 ¥8.1
billion
    18
Revenue ¥24.5
billion EBITDA
¥16.3
billion
4.7% Other— 1.2%
0.4%
63.2%
30.9%
* The distribution of EBITDA by segment uses figures arrived at
by a simple calculation that aggregates figures for each segment and which has not be adjusted for intersegment transactions.
Domestic 77.3%
Overseas 22.7%
45.7%
17.8%
36.1%
  
Integrated Report 2018
 Number of Employees
(As of December 31, 2018)
7,904(Consolidated) 195(Parent company)
Consolidated Subsidiaries and Equity-Method Affiliates
(As of December 31, 2018)
57(Consolidated subsidiaries) 2(Equity-method affiliates)
           Main Brands: Beer and beer-type beverages: Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label, Yebisu Beer, Mugi to Hop, Goku Zero
Wine: Grande Polaire, Penfolds Champagne: Taittinger Spirits: Bacardi, Dewar’s
Overseas brands: SAPPORO PREMIUM, SLEEMAN, ANCHOR Restaurants: GINZA LION BEER HALL, YEBISU BAR Main Sales Areas: Japan and Asia (Vietnam, Korea, Singapore, China, Australia, etc.), North America (Canada, U.S.), Europe
Main Brands: Soft drinks: Kireto Lemon, POKKA Coffee, Kaga-Bo-hojicha Roasted Green Tea Soups: Jikkuri Kotokoto Lemon-based products: POKKA Lemon 100 Soy milk: SOYAFARM, SOYBIO Cafe chain: Café de Crié Ice cream: BLUE SEAL Overseas brands: POKKA
Main Sales Areas: Japan and Asia (Singapore), North America
Main Facilities: Yebisu Garden Place, Sapporo Factory, GINZA PLACE Main Areas: Ebisu, Sapporo, Ginza
              19

 2018Value Creation
Highlights Business Operations
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
  Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label
Achieved Four Consecutive Years of Sales Growth
The “Perfect Draft Beer Taste ” event for Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label will run country- wide from June to September.
  February
Held WINE AVENUE wine-tasting event to showcase our brands
March
Began trials for lemon cultivation utilizing infor- mation and communications technology (ICT)
Launched JELEETS, a sweet jelly drink with a new sensation
Launched SOYBIO, a soy milk yogurt containing easy-to-digest soy isoflavones
April
Started joint modal shift in Kansai–Chugoku and Kyushu areas of Eastern Japan
at four beer companies
Celebrated 25 years of the Sapporo Factory
June
Celebrated 30th anniversary of Sapporo Breweries’ Chiba Brewery with total renovation of plant tour facility
Opened Grande Polaire Vineyard in Hokuto, Hokkaido Prefecture, to procure high-quality grapes
August
Launched Sapporo Chu-hi 99.99 (Four Nines), an authentic chu-hi
September
Held the Yebisu Beer Festival
October
Launched HOPPIN’ GARAGE, a next-generation beer service aimed at creating value through user innovation
Began export of
SAPPORO PREMIUM beer, aimed at Chinese markets
November
Began joint collection of beer pallets among four beer companies across six prefectures in Tohoku region
Resolved agreements to acquire three office buildings in Ebisu, advancing urban development projects
                POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage held the Lemon Sour Grand Prix 2018 in Kanto region to further topicalize lemon sours and increase fan base
July
Won gold prize and category award at Japan Wine Competition for Grande Polaire Yamanashi Koshu 2017 Barrel Fermentation, for the third consecu- tive year (an unprecedented achievement)
            20

 Management
Integrated Report 2018
 February
Certified as a 2018 Excellent Enterprise of Health and Productivity Management (White 500) (awarded to Sapporo Holdings Limited and multiple operating companies)
Received the Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister’s Award at the 27th Grand Prize for the Global Environment Awards in recognition of brewing tech- nologies utilized to advance biomass energy technology
Received the Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry Director-General’s Award in recognition of promotion of energy-saving initiatives (awarded to Tokyo Energy Service Co., Ltd.)
March
June
Published first integrated report
Selected as a repeat member of the SNAM Sustainability Index
August
Selected for the FTSE4Good Index Series and FTSE Blossom Japan Index
Presented findings for measuring the color of beer foam at the inaugural global Brewing Summit
October
Received the Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry Director-General’s Award for Factory Greenification (awarded to Sapporo Breweries’ Chiba Brewery)
Won Gold Prize at the first Gan Ally Sengen (Cancer Ally Declaration) awards for commitment as a busi- ness to accommodate employees with cancer
            Received the 2018 JSBBA Award for Achievement in Technological Research in recognition of efforts extending from hop cultivation and breeding to prod- uct sales (awarded to Sapporo Breweries Limited)
May
December
サッポロビールの がんアライ宣言
1  私たちは、がんに罹患しても 働き続けられる社会であることを望んでいます。
2.サッポロビールは、がんを経験した社員の 思いを大切にし、働きやすい制度と対話により、 会社の強さにつなげます。
     Embarked on long-term research project in Osakikamijima Town, Hiroshima Prefecture, regarding the effect of ingesting lemons on health
Selected as a 2018 Competitive IT Strategy Company Stock Selection
Established Furusato Nagoya Lemon Orchard at Togokusan Fruits Park in Moriyama-ku, Nagoya City
 Launched the Sapporo Business Contest, part of an open innovation program
   Sapporo Group’s IT Strategy
Formalizing IT Infrastructure at a Global Level, Promoting Swift Decision-Making, and Creating Effective Group Synergies
By integrating its IT infrastructure, the Sapporo Group has built a system that allows it to consistently plan and imple- ment its IT strategy. By eliminating the legacy systems operated by each Group company and promoting the standard- ization and formalization of its IT infrastructure at a global level, IT costs have been reduced by approximately 30%. Furthermore, in addition to facilitating the prompt allocation of IT resources to advance management strategies such as M&A and corporate alliances, commonizing the system allows for global IT governance and swift decision-making, which will revitalize corporate value creation. Moreover, by actively pursuing digital innovations that utilize AI, robotic process automation (RPA), and the Internet of Things (IoT), we can put our full force toward “transformation with unprecedented speed,” to realize our Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150.”
 21

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Highlights *Representations of figures from fiscal 2014–fiscal 2016 are based on JGAAP. Representations from fiscal 2017–fiscal 2018 are based on IFRS.
 Revenue (Including Liquor Tax) / Operating Margin*1
EBITDA*2 / EBITDA Margin*3
Millions of yen
600,000 500,000 400,000 300,000 200,000 100,000
0
IFRS
521,856
%
6 5 4
Millions of yen
50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
EBITDA
IFRS % 20
                   2.7% 3 2
40,391
10.1%
16
12
8
4
      14 15 16
17 18
Operating margin
1 0
Yen
200
14 15 16 17 18 0
EBITDA margin
Net sales (including liquor tax) (JGAAP) /
Revenue (including liquor tax) (IFRS)
*2 Under JGAAP, EBITDA is calculated as operating profit + depreciation + goodwill amortization. Under IFRS, EBITDA is calculated as profit from operations before non-recurring items + depreciation (excluding depreciation expenses on leased assets charged on the rent of restaurants).
*3 Under JGAAP, EBITDA margin is calculated as EBITDA ÷ by net sales excluding liquor tax. Under IFRS, however, EBITDA margin is calculated as EBITDA ÷ by revenue excluding liquor tax.
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent / ROE*5
*1 Under JGAAP, operating margin is calculated as operating profit before goodwill amortization ÷ by net sales excluding liquor tax. Under IFRS, however, operating margin is calculated as operating profit ÷ by revenue excluding liquor tax.
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent / Earnings per Share*4
親会社株主に帰属する当期純利益/ ROE(のれん償却前)
Millions of yen
12,000
9,000
6,000
3,000
0
Millions of yen
12,000
9,000
6,000
3,000
0
*5 Under JGAAP, ROE is calculated before goodwill amortization.
Net Financial Liabilities / Net Debt-to-Equity (D/E) Ratio
IFRS
IFRS % 12
8,521 9
5.1% 6 3
    8,521 150 109.40
100
50
1415161718 0
14 15 16 17 18 0 Profit attributable to owners of parent ROE
                    Profit attributable to owners of parent Earnings per share
*4 On July 1, 2016, the Company carried out a share consolidation at a ratio of 1 share for 5 shares of the Company’s common stock. Accordingly, per-share informa- tion is presented on a basis that reflects this share consolidation.
Dividend per Share*6 / Dividend Payout Ratio
Yen
50 40 30 20 10
0
*6 On July 1, 2016, the Company carried out a share consolidation at a ratio of 1 share for 5 shares of the Company’s common stock. Accordingly, per share informa- tion is presented on a basis that reflects this share consolidation.
IFRS Times 218,358 5
IFRS % 50
Millions of yen
250,000 200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000
     42
     38.4%
40 30 20 10
4 3 2 1
          1.3
     1415161718 0 Dividend per share Dividend payout ratio
0
14 15 16
22
17 18 0 Net financial liabilities Net debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio

Cash Flows from Operating Activities
and Status of Investments
Millions of yen
50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
Trends in Overseas Beer Sales Volume
IFRS
40,391 30,830
10,000 cases
2,500
2,000
44.7%
%
50
Integrated Report 2018
             29,150 1,500
1,996 40
30
20
10
08 10 12 14 16 18 0
     14 15 16 Cash flows from operating activities
10,423
17 18 Investment amount*7
1,000
500
0
Proceeds from sale of investment securities and proceeds from sale of investment property
EBITDA
*7 Investment amount = Cash flows from investing activities + proceeds from sale of investment securities and proceeds from sale of investment property
Non-Financial Highlights
Overseas beer sales volume
Ratio of overseas beer sales volume to domestic beer sales volume
 Results of Social Contribution Activities
Average Number of Years Employed*8 (by Gender)
  Society
Millions of yen 500
400 300 200 100
0
Amount spend on social contribution activities
Percentage of Women in Management Positions*9
Years 20
15
10
5
19.0 14.8
Human Resources
   415
     Human Resources
People 200
160
120
80
40
0
6 60 4 40 2 20
16 17 18 0 0 16 17 18
16 17 18
0 16 17 18 Men Women
*8 Average number of years employed at major domestic companies
Ratio of Male to Female Employees*10
% %
10 100
8.8% 21.8 151 8 80
Human Resources
         Number of women in management positions Percentage of women in management positions
*9 Percentage of women in management positions at domestic and overseas Group companies
78.2
*10 Percentage of women who are full-time employees at the Group domestically and overseas
Men Women
23

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Non-Financial Highlights
  Number of Presentations at Academic Conferences (in fiscal 2018)
16
(14 conferences, 2 lectures)
The Sapporo Group gave 16 scholarly presentations on topics including Sapporo Breweries’ diverse analyses
of hop quality and initiatives regarding their application (which earned the 2018 JSBBA Award for Achievement in Technological Research), and the devel- opment of technology to measure the color of beer foam (the first in the world).
Number of Local Partnerships
(in fiscal 2018)
56
We have formed 56 cooperative agreements with a variety of entities across Japan—including prefectures, municipalities, and universities—and are engaged in activities that contrib- ute to local communities, provide support for the next generation, and aid with disaster prevention.
Proportion of Employees Taking Childcare Leave (in fiscal 2018)
Women 100%
% 36
Eligible female employees employed at Sapporo Breweries utilized mater- nity leave at a rate of 100%.
     Alcoholic Beverages, Food, and Soft Drinks
Society
Human Resources
Men
Outside Evaluations
Included in SRI Indices
FTSE4Good Index Series
(FTSE Russell, the United Kingdom)
FTSE Blossom Japan Index
(FTSE Russell, the United Kingdom)
MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
(MSCI Inc.,
the United States)
S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
(S&P Dow Jones Indices, the United States)
SNAM Sustainability Index
(Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management, Japan)
Awards Related to R&D
Recipient of the 2018 JSBBA Award for Achievement in Technological Research from the Japan Society for Bioscience, Biotechnology, and Agrochemistry
The Group was lauded for its diverse analyses of hop quality over a span of several years and initiatives regarding its application of these analyses.
Awards Related to Our Highly Unique Employees
Certified as a 2019 Excellent Enterprise of Health and Productivity Management (White 500) for consecutive years
Note: Sapporo Holdings and Sapporo Breweries were certified for the third consecutive year, and POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage and Sapporo Lion were certified for the second year in a row.
Sapporo Breweries obtained Platinum Kurumin certification from the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare for the second consecutive year.
Sapporo Holdings obtained the 4.5 Stars Smart Work Management Award.
Other Awards
Sapporo Holdings was featured in the Competitive IT Strategy Company Stock Selection, from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry its first inclusion in the listing.
                       24

Integrated Report 2018
 The Sapporo Group’s Business Model
A Business Model for
Refining Our Brands
Our unique brands represent the crystallization of our history and dialogues as well as our pursuit of innova- tion and quality. While cultivating and strengthening these brands by further refining them through our unique value chain, we will work to sustainably improve corporate value.
Research & Development A
     Spaces to Experience Our Brands
Value chain
for refining our brands
Procurement
EB Brands
DC
   Sales
Corporate Governance P.62
We position the strengthening and enhancement of corporate governance as one of our priority management issues in order to maximize the sustainability of our business model.
Distribution
Risk Management P.68
We are working to improve sustainable corpo- rate value by reinforcing the risk management structure of the entire Group and conducting sound corporate management.
  25

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 The Sapporo Group’s Business Model
Value Chain for Refining Our Brands
Characteristics
System
       26
Flow of information
Flow of goods
   A
Research & Development
By way of our Groupwide R&D structure, “Sapporo Innovation Labs,” we improve the value we currently generate and pursue new value creation while promoting Groupwide collabora- tion and open innovation.
Raw material procurement / Marketing / Production / Logistics
Planning Product development
Research & development
Sapporo Innovation Labs
External research institution
  B
Fieldman
Procurement
Suppliers
Procurement
As part of our unique efforts to pursue quality for our beer, our fieldman communicate directly with collaborative contract farmers.* We work to procure safe, reliable, and high-quality raw materials for our products.
Collaborative contract farmers
     Production
 Distribution
Through the development of production methods C tailored to product characteristics, we are able to
deliver high-quality goods in a stable manner, in addition to preparing a waste-free supply system with an appropriate production plan.
Marketing
Production planning
   Production
Logistics
Distribution
 Planning and development
Production technology development
   Sales
We continue to work toward delivering customers D our goods and services via the most optimal
points of contact, ranging from supermarkets, convenience stores, and restaurants to specialty stores, Internet sales, and vending machines.
Marketing / Business support
Planning
Sales
Products / Service proposals
    Distribution
Customers
 Spaces to Experience Our Brands
We provide brand-inspired spaces through the
operation of our much-beloved restaurants, com- E mercial complexes, and other facilities, and in
doing so grow our brands alongside the customer. In addition, the dialogues we have with our cus- tomers provide us with knowledge and insight that we put to good use in research and develop- ment and other parts of our value chain.
Marketing
Planning
Customers
   Brand-inspired spaces
    Restaurants
Museums
Commercial complexes
      
  Proved positive effects of lactic acid bacteria SBL88 on sleep—a new health function—in 2018 Embarked on a long-term research project in Osakikamijima Town, Hiroshima Prefecture, to investigate the effects of ingesting lemons on health, beginning in May 2018
Demonstrated effective reduction of the Group’s environmental impact through the use of the “Sapporo SEPARE System,” a proprietary quality control system for draft beer
Reduced environmental impact by moving to can, six-pack, and cardboard packaging designs that lessen material use
Formulated the Sapporo Group Suppliers CSR Procurement Guideline to promote understanding and cooperation with our suppliers of raw materials, and to work together to realize a sustainable society Work to enhance communication with suppliers through policy workshops, surveys, and exchange events Hold meetings with barley and hops farmers and suppliers working under the Collaborative Contract
Farming System at the pre-season, pre-harvest, and post-harvest stages to share Company policies and approaches
   Recycle by-products and waste materials produced when manufacturing products Implement vigorous energy-saving measures and utilize renewable energy Promote more efficient water use at breweries, plants, and facilities
Reduce environmental impact by promoting a modal shift to railway and marine transportation, and by utilizing joint delivery with other manufacturers
  Promote awareness campaigns to encourage proper drinking practices and to prevent underage drinking, hold proper drinking awareness seminars for university students and companies, and make calls for attention and prevention measures for improper drinking practices
Promote sales of non-alcoholic beer taste beverages classified as a “food for specified health uses”
and Lemon no Okage Ureshio, a certified Karushio (low salt content) product
Promote sales of products produced in “cartocans,” which include thinned wood generated through domestic forest cultivation practices
“Contribute to a healthy and rich eating life” through a variety of activities to raise awareness of the positive health effects of lemons
  The Sapporo Beer Museum, one of the only beer museums in Japan
The Yebisu Beer Museum, where one can learn the history and joy of drinking Yebisu Beer Beer Hall Lion Ginza 7-chome, currently the oldest existing beer hall in Japan
The Furusato Nagoya Lemon Orchard opened in 2018
The Sapporo Factory commercial facilities, built on the former site of the Kaitakushi Brewery, the birthplace of the Sapporo Group
Yebisu Garden Place, a commercial complex built on the former site of the Yebisu Brewery
 Strengthening Bonds through Our Brand Story—CSR Initiatives at Each Stage of the Value Chain
Integrated Report 2018
   * For more details, please refer to the section “Tackling Risks Stemming from Climate Change through the Breeding of Barley and Hops” on pages 52 and 53.
27

 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
Special Feature 1
Delivering Value Unique to the Sapporo Group by Refining Our Brands
 The Sapporo brand has inherited rich traditions starting from the establishment of the Kaitakushi Brewery in 1876. DNA
The “Perfect Draft Beer Experience” Permeates Through—Four Years of Consecutive Sales Growth
To experience the deliciousness of the perfect draft beer, one looks toward Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label, the product of over 40 years of continued refinement. This is not simply a matter of product quality alone. We maintain our uncompromising dedication to quality at every step, from the research and development stage, to transport, operations, and provision.
We express high-quality brand worldviews that embody the perfect draft beer under the theme of “a draft beer loved by adults.” Using this theme, we are working to enhance appeal through communication and key visuals.
To increase the number of contact points between customers and our brand, we held “Perfect Black Label” events in 19 locations across the country and provided approximately 250,000 glasses of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label, which is only available at
drinking establishments. In order to reach the home market as well, we are running promotions on April 1, dubbed “Black Label Day.” In these ways and more, we are
working to create new opportunities for customer contact.
Spurred on by these efforts, sales of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label have grown every year for the last four years. Going forward, we will continue to pursue inno- vation and quality throughout the value chain, and focus on delivering the perfect draft beer experience.
Today, this brand demonstrates our unique presence, not only in Japan, but to the world.
      Sales Ranking by Brand
Our efforts to convey the high quality of our brand worldviews and provide distinct experiences are winning growing support among 20–30 year olds, our strategic target demographic.
         20s
2nd
2017 2018
6th
2018
5th
8th
2017 2018
6th
7th
30s
5th
50s 60s
2017 2018
10th 2017
9th 2017 2018
40s
 10th
 RISING SUN ROCK FESTIVAL is a registered trademark of WESS Inc.
Source: True Data supermarket panel 2016 to 2018; October single month; single-can purchase amount
28

 Making SAPPORO the World’s Brand of Choice,
Giving People Worldwide More Cheer for Their “Cheers!”
We will strengthen the SAPPORO PREMIUM brand by leveraging the North American market, positioned as the foundation of our overseas business, and the Southeast Asian market, an area of remarkable growth, working from our base in Vietnam.
In the U.S., the first market we were able to penetrate with the
SAPPORO PREMIUM brand, we have continued to provide the
No. 1 selling Asian beer for 32 consecutive years.* However, we are
not complacent in this position and continue to refine the SAPPORO PREMIUM brand. Previously, Sapporo U.S.A. had served as a sales company for the U.S. market, but in 2017, iconic San Francisco beer manufacturer Anchor Brewing Company came under the Group umbrella, allowing the Sapporo Group to acquire an integrated U.S. supply chain, from procurement and production to sales. Furthermore, through initiatives that include the integration of Sapporo U.S.A. and Anchor Brewing Company in April 2019, and stud- ies into SAPPORO PREMIUM brand manufacturing, we will maximize synergies, further expanding market share and achieving brand penetration.
As for Southeast Asia, the SAPPORO PREMIUM brand is steadily gaining visibility in Vietnam, where we have established a brewery. We are currently in the process of review- ing our sales channels, rebuilding our distribution network, improving production effi- ciency at our Vietnam brewery, and increasing exports to Southeast Asia and other regions. In addition, a portion of the manufacturing duties of Canada-based Sleeman Breweries are being handled by the Vietnam brewery. Through this and other actions,
we are working as an entire group to optimize our global supply chain, with a focus on Japan and Asia.
Moreover, we are actively promoting the SAPPORO PREMIUM brand across Asia as a whole, with efforts that include restarting exports for the Chinese market and increasing exports to Korea, a proven fan of Japanese beer. We also aim to establish a regional corporation in Europe and increase the SAPPORO PREMIUM brand presence there.
As we look to the future, we aim to achieve the goals of our Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150” and corporate philosophy by continuing to refine the SAPPORO PREMIUM brand, making it stronger, and delivering it to the world.
Sapporo U.S.A. sales revenue in local currency (before elimination of intercompany transactions)
* Source: The Beverage Information Group, Beer Handbook 2018, P.124–125 Imported Brand
Sapporo Beer Museum
The Founding Place of Sapporo Beer—a Bridge to
Connect Japan and the World
The Sapporo Beer Museum is one of the only beer museums in Japan. The museum helps communicate the history of Japanese beer that was created through the passionate efforts of Japanese brewers. At the same time, the museum communicates the thoughts and stories inherited and passed on through Sapporo beer. Day after day, the museum hosts a multitude of visitors from overseas who are in search of the deliciousness of Japanese beer. In doing so, the museum plays an important role as a bridge that connects Japan and the world.
Integrated Report 2018
29
U80S$ million 70
60
50
40 30 20 10
Sales revenue increase for the ninth consecutive year
0 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
JGAAP IFRS

 YEBISU BAR sales (countrywide) YEBISU BARs are well received as a space where one can experi- ence the charm and worldview of the Yebisu brand.
+17% +2%
  2016 2017 2018
 Providing 25 Years of “Luxurious Time” and
“Luxurious Space”
In 2019, Yebisu Garden Place celebrated 25 years since its redevelopment on the site of our old beer brewery, renovated and reopened as a pioneer integrated urban area. To better embody its brand message, “Ebisu, a city on the grow,” we aim to increase brand strength and user-friendliness and are promoting various measures to increase value. The Yebisu Beer Museum, located at the site where Yebisu Beer
was born, welcomes close to 260,000 visitors
from Japan and overseas every year, who see,
feel, drink, and experience the worldview of
the Yebisu brand. Yebisu Garden Place
  Special Feature 1
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
        PRIDE
Renewing the Pursuit of Value as We Look to 2020 and 130 Years of Yebisu Beer
We continue to promote Yebisu Beer as a premium Japanese beer with a rich history, and work to enhance the drinking experience by adding this unique “Japanese joy” to any special day, whether New Year’s, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, or any other special occa- sion. Our aim is to increase the role the Yebisu brand plays in creating this “Japanese joy” by enhancing the “real and genuine” characteristics Yebisu possesses, which are representative of true Japanese beer. A deep commitment to the quality of our products is key to achieving this goal.
Experiencing the Charm and Worldview of the Yebisu Brand at the YEBISU BAR
The YEBISU BAR is a place where people can fully take in the charm and experi- ence the worldview of the Yebisu Brand. There are currently 18 YEBISU BARs operating in Japan. To improve brand loyalty, we launched an YEBISU BAR app in May 2018. Unlike point cards, where benefits are geared toward discounts, the app provides benefits in the form of products such as food or beer as customers collect more stamps. The app, therefore, is special because it allows customers a more favored status. By establishing customer contact through the app, we then create an “upward spiral” where customers who eat and drink at the YEBISU BAR can enjoy Yebisu Beer at home, and vice versa.
     The year 2020 will mark 130 years of Yebisu Beer. Alongside the district of Ebisu, a hub of culture and lifestyle that takes its name from the brand of beer, Yebisu continues its evolution into the future as a beer that is loved by customers.
     30

 Integrated Report 2018
  Sales Volume of POKKA Lemon
By creating lemon-related value in the food market, we have been working to expand the market since the launch of POKKA Lemon. 5,000 kl
  4,000 kl 3,000 kl 2,000 kl 1,000 kl
1974 1980
1990 2000
2010 2018
      With a history of over 60 years, the lemon business is a core business for
POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage and is a strength in and of itself.
By proposing lemon-based eating habits, we hope to spread the fondness of lemons, be it for one customer, or for many. In that spirit, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage is working to expand the lemon market as a whole.
INSPIRATION
“Lemon-Based Eating Habits” and “Familiarity with Lemons” —Expressing the Diverse Value of Lemons
POKKA Lemon was first launched in 1957 as an easy-to-use lemon food product. Over the years, we have pursued product development for POKKA Lemon that caters to the changing times, including promoting a variety of uses for lemons and increasing variation in product containers and volume. In these ways, POKKA Lemon has continued to grow over the course of 60 years as one of our long-selling products.
In addition to promoting POKKA Lemon in a supporting role on dinner tables as a dressing for food and a flavor-booster for drinks, we have introduced a wide variety of recipes using the product that take full advantage of the delicious taste of lemons. In doing so, we are working to express their value to a wider group of customers. For children, who are the next generation, we have hosted lectures and nutritional seminars where children can have fun learning about the various health benefits of lemons. Through these actions, we have created opportunities for children to become more familiar with lemons and learn about their nutritional value.
Thoroughly Researching Lemons as a Pioneer in the Lemon Business
Note: From 1974 to 2011, totals are calculated using the period from April to March of the following year. From 2012 to 2018, totals are calculated using the period from January to December of the same year.
   Wishing to increase the number of employees able to passionately express the value and charm of
lemons to their customers, friends, and family, in 2013, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage,
having spent many years engaged in research on lemons, introduced the annual “Lemon Kentei,”
a test to spur the acquisition of basic lemon knowledge. To increase Group collaboration, employees from Sapporo Holdings and Sapporo Breweries started taking the test in 2015. By 2018, the number of participants had steadily increased to 1,404 people from the three companies. In 2018, to increase Group collaboration even further, POKKA SAPPORO conducted its first web-based test as a means to expand lemon-related studies within the Sapporo Group.
“The Lemon Bible”
 Using Lemons to Support Town Development in Nagoya, the Birthplace of POKKA
POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage is utilizing lemons in an effort to support town development in Nagoya, where the original company was first founded. In December 2018, together with the Nagoya City Green Association, a non- profit incorporated foundation dedicated to providing more spaces and opportunities
for residents to learn and experience the connection between food and agriculture,
 POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage established the Furusato Nagoya Lemon Orchard at Togokusan Fruits Park in Moriyama-ku, Nagoya City. In the future, we plan to organize events, such as hands-on lemon cultivation and harvesting activities and nutritional classes, in addition to selling lemons that have been harvested and providing lemon cookbooks.
Furusato Nagoya Lemon Orchard
31

 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 The Sapporo Group Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150”
  2026 Group Vision
The Sapporo Group will be a company with highly unique brands in the fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks” around the world.
Action Guidelines
1. Make customers’ lifestyles around the world more fulfill by creating new value through the pursuit
of innovation and quality
2. Strive to provide products and services and to nurture brands that foster communication among customers 3. Practice efficient management in tandem with addressing changes in the environment
   Three Major Strategic Themes
1 Establish Robust Profitability in the Japanese Alcoholic Beverages and Soft Drinks Businesses
In the Japanese Alcoholic Beverages business, the Group will strengthen brands in the beer business and nurture the wine business. In the Soft Drinks business, the Group will strategically shift to a profitable structure and expand overseas busi- ness. Through these measures, robust profitability will be established to drive the growth of the entire Group.
2 Accelerate Growth in the “Food” Field
We will broadly increase the presence of the Sapporo Group in the “Food” field by strengthening existing businesses and entering new businesses through the provi- sion of deliciousness, enjoyment, and fulfillment to all dining settings.
3 Promote Global Business Expansion
We will increase the Group’s presence globally by strengthening the global manage- ment platform as the Group’s growth driver and promoting the expansion of exist- ing businesses and such new business development initiatives as M&A activities.
Management Platform
R&D Pursue innovative food value creation P.42
HR Develop “Go Beyond Boundaries” personnel P.44
For the various corporate activities we pursue based on our Management Philosophy, we will work to enhance the Group’s presence among our stakeholders by strengthening our ability to communicate information to them.
Long-Term Vision Road Map
  First Medium-Term Management Plan (Fiscal 2017–Fiscal 2020)
Fundamental Policy
Transform with Unprecedented Speed
 Second Medium-Term Management Plan (Fiscal 2021–Fiscal 2023)
Proactively invest and produce results
  Third Medium-Term Management Plan (Fiscal 2024–Fiscal 2026)
Tackle the challenge of creating new opportunities
     Finance
Enhance cash-generation capabilities P.48 Strengthening Corporate Communication
  32

 Integrated Report 2018
    First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020
 Strategies for Business Activities
 While executing strategic investments in the fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks,” the Group will achieve continuous growth in existing businesses and produce results in the investment business as early as possible. The Group will enhance its cash flow generation capabilities, and allocate cash to investments in new growth opportunities.
Continuous Growth in Existing Businesses
The Group will enhance brand strength and achieve continuous growth by focusing on issues in the competitive areas identified by each business segment.
Produce Results in the Investment Business
The Group will work to enhance the profitability of the investment business and pave the way for a fast transition to an expansive growth stage.
Capture Growth Opportunities
Accelerate Growth in the “Food” Field: The Group will nurture a high-value-added food business by identifying target fields based on consumer needs, in addition to taking new approaches to value creation on both the materials and processing fronts.
Promote Global Business Expansion: The Group will explore new growth opportunities in conjunction with executing strategies based on the characteristics of each area, cen- tered on North America and Southeast Asia, and strengthening the business platform for boosting profitability.
 Group Management
 The Sapporo Group will execute Group management by taking the lead in strengthening its platform functions through the strategic shift of resources, business structural reforms, and the promotion of segment management, which will spur the Group’s growth.
By 2018, the Group will put in place an organizational structure optimal for the “Food” field, which will drive growth and expand global business growth, along with optimal Group Head Office functions for supporting that structure.
The Group will accelerate initiatives to promote growth within R&D, personnel and human resources, and finance.
Positioning of Fiscal 2019
 Fiscal 2017–2018
 Fiscal 2019
 Fiscal 2020
 Achievements
• Transformation of the Group management platform
• Strengthening of core brands
Issues
• Major changes in the alcoholic beverage and soft drinks business environments in Japan and over- seas, resulting in delayed progress
 Themes
• Structural reforms and founda- tion building
 We have positioned fiscal 2019 as a year of change in which we will clarify and tackle the issues facing the Group.
 • Law revision toward unification of liquor taxes
• Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games
• The 130th anniversary of
Yebisu Beer
 Dynamic growth of the Sapporo Group
For details regarding a review of fiscal 2017–fiscal 2018 in terms of the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020, major focal points for fiscal 2019, and “Promoting Global Business Expansion,” one of the themes of our long-term growth strategy, please refer to the “Business Strategy” section, beginning on page 36.
   33

 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 The Sapporo Group Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150”
First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020
   We aim to foster and strengthen the Group brand and achieve steady growth by restructuring our business organization, promoting international business along specific business lines and further enhancing Company management.
Seiji Ubukata
Director (Member of the Board)
 Main Initiatives for Fiscal 2019
Continuous Growth in Existing Businesses / Produce Results in the Investment Business
• Continuously enhance core beer brands (Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label, Yebisu Beer)
• Saplings planted at Hokuto, Hokkaido vineyard (first harvest expected in 2021)
• Introduce production facility for secondary in-bottle fermentation sparkling wine
• Enhance production facilities for ready-to-drink (RTD) products
Capture Growth Opportunities
1 Accelerate Growth in the “Food” Field
• Continue efforts to promote and develop lemon production in Hiroshima Prefecture, and begin in-house lemon cultivation to expand demand domestically
• Establish new, hybridized cup soup production facility at Sapporo Sendai Brewery
• Establish new soy milk yogurt production line
• Utilize spice manufacturer Yasuma Co., Ltd.’s expertise for
procurement of raw materials
2 Promote Global Business Expansion
• Integrate Sapporo U.S.A. and Anchor Brewing Company and create a framework incorporating Sleeman Breweries in North America for generating synergies
• Establish a European sales subsidiary
Management Platform
1 Overall Administration
• Streamline Head Office functions and transformation of business administration
* For details on changes by segment, please refer to page 35.
2 Research & Development
• Apply research into whiteness of beer foam to the relaunching of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label
• Apply results of research on hops, lemons, and soybeans to business
• Make proposals to create new value that leverage our strengths
March: Launch Papatto Miso Powder April: Launch RTD Lemon the Rich
3 Human Resources
• Carry out cross-border human resource development (“Go Beyond Boundaries”), workstyle reform, and promotion of diversity P.44
• Open Sapporo Logistics University (combined distribution and human resource training)
4 Finance
• Continue with initiatives to improve balance sheet quality P.48
Strengthening Corporate Communication Expand Spaces to Experience Sapporo Brands
• Utilize YEBISU BAR and other spaces to dissemi- nate our brands
• Promote Ebisu urban development, refurbish Sapporo Factory
• Establish Furusato Nagoya Lemon Orchard to build communication through lemons
    34

 Integrated Report 2018
  Structural Reform and Foundation Building
The previous five business segments of Japanese Alcoholic Beverages, International, Food & Soft Drinks, Restaurants, and Real Estate have been reorganized into three new segments: Alcoholic Beverages, Food & Soft Drinks, and Real Estate. In addition, international operations have been incorporated into Alcoholic Beverages and Food & Beverages operations, respectively. Furthermore, Restaurant operations have been incorporated into Alcoholic Beverages operations.
  Sapporo Holdings
   Sapporo Breweries
Alcoholic Beverages Sleeman Breweries (Canada)
Sapporo U.S.A. (United States) Sapporo Lion
 Food & Soft Drinks POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Country Pure Foods (United States)
 Real Estate Sapporo Real Estate
      Sapporo Holdings
  Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Sapporo Breweries
 International Sapporo International
 Food & Soft Drinks
POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage
 Restaurants Sapporo Lion
 Real Estate Sapporo Real Estate
       Alcoholic Beverages
Food & Soft Drinks
Real Estate
Quantitative Targets
Reorganization
• Enhance operations of our foundational business by integrating Asian (and Japanese) strategies and North American operations through further investments
• Produce continued growth in profitability as well as Group synergies by developing closer cooperation with restaurant operations, which serve as an important contact point with customers
Expand food operations and implement measures that realize speedy profitability and continuous improvements in global soft drinks operations
The Sapporo Group is closely linked to Ebisu, Sapporo, and Ginza, and has positioned them as key strategic areas to enhance the value of the Sapporo Group brand and contribute to growing revenue and profits while also promoting urban development
Financial Indicators
To be achieved during the four years from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2020
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
¥180.0 billion
Generate cash flows by achieving continuous growth in existing businesses and producing results
Interest-Bearing liabilities:
Target a debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio of around 1.0 times
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
¥130.0 billion
Proactively allocate cash to the business fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks”
Shareholder Returns:
Target a dividend payout ratio of 30%
      (Billions of yen)
   536.6
521.9
625.0 548.8
    EBITDA: Aim for record-high profits on a Groupwide basis
 44.5 40.4 42.0
58.0
  15 16 17 18 19 20
(Plan) (Plan) (IFRS)
First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020
 Revenue (including liquor tax) EBITDA
IFRS
35

Business Strategy
Alcoholic Beverages
Seeking No.1 by Accumulating One-of-a-Kind Products
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
             Consolidated Subsidiaries
SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED
YEBISU WINEMART CO., LTD. TANOSHIMARU SHUZO CO., LTD. SAPPORO FIELD MARKETING CO., LTD.* SHINSEIEN CO., LTD.
SAPPORO LION LIMITED NEW SANKO INC.
Strengths
Revenue (Billions of yen)
 MARUSHINKAWAMURA INC. GINRIN SUISAN INC.
SAPPORO U.S.A., INC.
ANCHOR BREWING COMPANY, LLC
SAPPORO CANADA INC. SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD.
SAPPORO ASIA PRIVATE LTD. SAPPORO VIETNAM LTD.
SAPPORO LION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
4 other companies
* Name changed from STARNET CO., LTD., as of April, 2019
Weaknesses
330.0
346.0
   • Strong standard and premium brands in the domestic market (Standard:Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label, etc.; Premium:Yebisu Beer, etc.
• The world’s sole example of the Collaborative Contract Farming System (CCFS) to breed barley and hops for the procurement of raw materials
• Operation of contact points between customers that includes Japan’s oldest beer hall
• Strong partnerships with Bacardi and Taittinger leading to a greater variety of products under distribution
• Third-largest share in the Canadian beer market with 12 consecutive years of sales growth
• No. 1 share for Asian beer in the U.S market (No. 1 Asian beer for 32 consecutive years)
S
• Process industries require a large number of assets, acting as a barrier to entry
• Business is sensitive to economies of scale, therefore, a decline in sales is linked directly to a fall in profitability
• Set period of time for conversion to income due to manufacturing process between cultivation and procurement of raw materi- als and fermentation and storage stages
W
• Changes to the Japanese Liquor Tax Act to unify definition O of beer (which will affect over 60% of beer products
produced by the Company)
• Growing Japanese wine market
• Increase in overseas visitors as a result of Tokyo 2020
Olympic and Paralympic Games
• Emerging nations in Asia seeing population growth,
economic development, and the appearance of a new middle class
T • Stricter regulations on alcoholic beverages • Uncertainty caused by political or religious turmoil, as well as changes in U.S. political
and economic situations
• Falling demand due to declining birth rate
and aging society in Japan
• Increased demand for lower prices caused
by prevailing “deflation mind-set”
• Increasing costs for distribution and labor
 Growth Strategies
Opportunities
Threats
18 19 (Plan)
EBITDA (Billions of yen) EBITDA Margin (%)
22.7 20.7
6.6%
18 19 (Plan)
EBITDA
EBITDA margin
 6.3%
 Strengthen beer brands based on revisions to the Japanese Liquor Tax Act, which will take effect from 2020
Establish the wine business as a pillar of growth, second to the beer business
Take on challenges in the growing ready-to-drink (RTD) beverage market
Pursue new initiatives aimed toward growth, such as expansion in the e-commerce market and promotion of beer export businesses
36

Major Focal Points for Fiscal 2019
Integrated Report 2018
   First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020 Initiatives
Review of Fiscal 2017–Fiscal 2018
Major Achievements
Continued aggressive investment in the beer business, in line with policy of “continuation of strengthening the beer business” for Japan. As a result, sales of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label brand canned products saw fourth year of consecutive growth. In RTD products, Sapporo Chu-hi 99.99 (Four Nines), launched in August 2018, met end-of-year sales target of two million cases in November, ahead of schedule, creating foothold in and expanding share of rapidly growing market In Vietnam, business turned profitable for the first time due to reforms at Sapporo Vietnam for improving sales methods and strengthening export sales
In North America, Canada-based Sleeman Breweries continued investment in marketing for its premium core brands, resulting in ongoing sales growth
In restaurants, YEBISU BAR saw strong performance, while organizational reforms improved profitability in Singapore
Major Issues
Growing competitiveness of new-genre market and accelerating shift toward RTD products in Japan In North America, steep increase in distribution costs, similar to Japan, with adverse effect on revenue. In addition, post-merger integration (PMI) of Anchor Brewing Company was affected by growing competition in San Francisco caused by the growing number of microbreweries amid an overall slump in demand in the U.S. market
In restaurants, lack of workers led to higher recruitment costs. This, coupled with higher prices for raw materials, had a negative effect on revenue at existing locations
In Japan, we will live up to our “Beer Revival Declaration” and continue our efforts to strengthen our beer brands, which include the renewal of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label and the launch of Yebisu Premium Ale. In RTD products, we plan to keep Sapporo Chu-hi 99.99 (Four Nines) as our central item while creating one- of-a-kind products that will surprise and delight customers. In the wine category, we will continue to strengthen our lineup of fine wines, and grow the business into our No. 2 pillar behind the beer business. Looking at restaurants, we plan to extend the areas cov- ered by mainstay formats such as GINZA LION and YEBISU BAR while also working to create new formats.
     Promoting Global Business Expansion
In North America, we have been continuously growing Sleeman Breweries and strengthening our value chain via management integration of Sapporo U.S.A. and Anchor Brewing Company. Furthermore, Sapporo Breweries is working to increase exports throughout Asia from its base in Vietnam, and has established a sales subsidiary in the Netherlands to increase its presence in Europe. As we work to strengthen our brands in each of these three areas, we are also moving forward with efforts to optimize our global supply chain management.
 37

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Business Strategy
 Food & Soft Drinks
Creating Delicious New Products That Enrich and Brighten People’s Lives
       Consolidated Subsidiaries
POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD. POKKA SAPPORO HOKKAIDO LTD. OKINAWA POKKA CORPORATION CO., LTD. POKKA CREATE CO., LTD.
FOREMOST BLUE SEAL, LTD. PS BEVERAGE LTD.
Strengths
Revenue (Billions of yen)
 YASUMA CO., LTD.
SHINSYU-ICHI MISO CO., LTD.
POKKA CORPORATION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. POKKA INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.
COUNTRY PURE FOODS, INC.
18 other companies
Weaknesses
172.2
18 19 (Plan)
EBITDA (Billions of yen) EBITDA Margin (%)
9.6 8.1
5.6%
161.3
   • Expertise in both food and soft drink businesses
• Development capabilities for lemon-based and
soup products and high market share
• High share of soy milk yogurt market
• High market share for green tea drinks in Singapore
• Research and development capabilities for both
lactic acid bacteria SBL88 and lemons, as well as processing technology for powdered and freeze- dried products, etc.
S
• Need to maintain products outside of strong categories by promoting sales from vending machines
W
• Growing demand for health foods with emphasis O on foods high in vegetable-based protein
• Growing demand for convenience and trend toward time-saving
T • Changing taxation laws and regulations in Japan and overseas
• Increasing costs for distribution and labor
  Opportunities
Growth Strategies
Threats
Strengthen lemon procurement capabilities and communicate the value of lemons through functional research
Implement capital expenditures, such as increasing soup production capacity, in accordance with market needs
Display a strong presence in the sugar-free tea and fruit juice categories, which make use of domestic ingredients
Promote business expansion centered on soy milk yogurt products
Develop stable overseas soft drinks businesses through strategic cultivation
18 19 (Plan)
EBITDA
EBITDA margin
5.0%
 38

Major Focal Points for Fiscal 2019
Integrated Report 2018
   First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020 Initiatives
Review of Fiscal 2017–Fiscal 2018
Major Achievements
In domestic soft drinks, lemon-based drinks and sugar-free teas made from domestic tea leaves, such as Kaga Bo-Hojicha, performed well
In lemon-based foods, POKKA Lemon 100 and Lemon Kaju o Hakko Sasete Tsukutta Lemon no Su (lemon vinegar made from fermented lemon juice) succeeded in capturing the health-conscious consumer market
In soy milk and chilled products, new soy milk yogurt product SOYBIO contributed to strong sales growth
Overseas, maintained the No. 1 spot in the Singapore tea drinks market, with a roughly 70% share of the green tea market
Major Issues
In Japan, growing need to pay close attention and respond to diversifying customer tastes while maintaining high management efficiency
Rising costs caused by steep increases in distribution and labor expenses, in addition to fierce competition between beverage manufacturers
Lower sales of coffee drinks, impacted by weak canned coffee market
Negative impact on exports out of Singapore due to new tax regulations in some countries overseas
In the domestic soft drinks business, we will refine the strengths of Kireto Lemon, sozai-kei (ingredi- ents), and shokkan-kei (texture), as well as other areas of our business, as it continues to carve out a unique market position.
In the domestic food business, we will make an aggressive push to expand our steadily growing instant soup business. To support that expansion, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage is construct- ing its Sendai Plant within the site of the Sendai Brewery owned by Sapporo Breweries. This plant will contain a new line for producing cup-based instant soups and granulation equipment for processing granulated materials used in its powdered soups. In the lemon-based foods category, we will continue our efforts to expand demand for POKKA Lemon 100 and lemon vinegar products, which includes spreading the word about the health benefits of lemons. With regard to commercial-use channels, we will leverage Group synergies to expand sales in all product categories, from lemon-based products to powdered teas and soups. Looking to the chilled and soy products category, we are planning to develop new soy milk-based yogurt products, which is one of our strengths in this domain. Accordingly, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage completed construction of a new soy milk yogurt manufacturing facility, replete with raw soy milk extraction equipment, at its Gunma Plant in March 2019. These efforts will further accelerate expansion in the “Food” field.
In cafe chain operations, we will continue to conduct fine-tuned marketing for the Café de Crié chain in order to stimulate business at its existing outlets and will enhance the value of the Crié brand by accelerating chain expansion.
     Promoting Global Business Expansion
In Asia, we strive to maintain our dominance in the tea and fruit drinks markets, while also expanding sales and increasing efficiency in operations. Furthermore, we plan to increase the presence of POKKA brands by developing products suited to the market needs of each country. In North America, Country Pure Foods and Silver Springs Citrus have completed their management integration and are moving quickly to put their combined management resources into effect.
 39

Business Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
  Real Estate
Offering a “Luxurious Time” in a “Luxurious Space” for Cities and for Society as a Whole
   Consolidated Subsidiaries
SAPPORO REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.
YGP REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.
TOKYO ENERGY SERVICE CO., LTD. YOKOHAMA KEIWA BUILDING CO., LTD.
Strengths
Weaknesses
Revenue (Billions of yen)
24.5 24.6
18 19 (Plan)
EBITDA (Billions of yen) EBITDA Margin (%)
16.3
66.6%
18 19 (Plan)
EBITDA
EBITDA margin
    • Superior properties and strong relationships with local communities, primarily in the Ebisu, Sapporo, and Ginza districts, grounded on the history of the Sapporo Group
• Stable cash flow generation
• Synergies with Group companies in the “Alcoholic
Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks” fields
S
• Periodic maintenance and repair required
W
• Greater interest in Ebisu, Sapporo, and Ginza due O to increase in number of visitors from overseas
• Planned reconstruction of the Souseigawa East
Area in Sapporo City
T • Changes in market conditions due to increase in property supply
• Increasing competition among cities
• Changing demand for office space amid work-
style reforms (teleworking, etc.)
  Opportunities
Growth Strategies
Threats
15.4
62.5%
Maintain high occupancy rates by increasing property value and flexibly revise rent levels in accordance with market conditions
Build and deepen long-term relationships with local communities through collaborative urban development
 40

Review of Fiscal 2017–Fiscal 2018
Major Achievements
Maintained a high occupancy rate at Yebisu Garden Place and our other major properties. In addition, aggressive efforts to raise rent levels produced results that exceeded plans
Carried out Strategic review of property portfolio and made progress with urban development efforts to improve appeal of Ebisu area
Increased performance of GINZA PLACE commercial complex in line with its concept as a “base for information dissemination and exchange”
Major Issue
Assets require regular maintenance and repair to improve their value in response to changing market conditions, etc.
We will continue our efforts to enhance the competitiveness of our real estate and related services as we seek to raise occupancy rates and rent levels at our properties. We will also continue to strategically review and revise our property portfolio and advance our urban development projects.
Major Focal Points for Fiscal 2019
Integrated Report 2018
   First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020 Initiatives
  Promoting Urban Development
—Launching the EBISU UPDATE PROJECT for “Digital Urban Development”
In March 2019, we launched the EBISU UPDATE PROJECT, a web-based “Ebisu of the Future” that takes a new approach toward increasing the brand value of the Ebisu area. The “Ebisu of the Future” is a design that exists in the digital space. It is based on the current-day image of Ebisu—an area with perceptions and lifestyles associated with high quality and refine- ment—and reflects future trends such as the Sustainable Development Goals, with the aim of responding to future social needs. The “Ebisu of the Future” employs the concept of “Social Wellness—Creating an Urban Area Where Feeling Good Benefits Society and the Planet.” As a first step based on this concept, we will promote a social wellness college (with online courses), which offers opportunities to learn about and experience social wellness, and a social wellness market (curated online marketplace), which introduces and sells products.
 41

R&D Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
    Our R&D will accelerate new food value creation to achieve further growth of the Sapporo Group.
Yasuyuki Oohira
Director (Member of the Board),
Director of Group Research and Development Division
 The Sapporo Group’s R&D Vision
We will deliver happiness and satisfaction to our customers through the continued creation and production of food.
   Sapporo Innovation Labs
The Sapporo Group established a cross-functional R&D structure, “Sapporo Innovation Labs,” with the goal of creating technology synergies. We are advancing R&D efforts that will lead to further growth as a global food company group under this structure. As part of our efforts to facilitate new value creation, we have organized the Sapporo Group’s strengths into “4 Core Technologies” and positioned them as a source of R&D competitiveness.
We provide new value to our customers through the following research and development activi- ties: breeding barley and hops that have supported beer quality for many years, exploring the functional value of materials such as lemon and soy, production processing technology to create the tastefulness of beverages and food, and brewing technology. As customer tastes grow more and more diverse, we maintain our unchanging commitment to delicious taste and will continue advancing R&D initiatives from our unique perspective.
   4 Core Technologies
New Food Value Creation
                         Learn about customers Food information science
Seek out new tasty food Research into the materials and functions
42
Create new tasty food Manufacturing and processing technology
Ensure tasty food Quality assurance
             Cross-Functional R&D Structure Sapporo Innovation Labs
 Sapporo Breweries
 Sapporo Holdings
Shinsyu-ichi Miso Sapporo Wellness Lab
 POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage

Integrated Report 2018
  TOPICS
 Proposals for New Value
Lactic Acid Bacteria
SBL88 Leads to
Improved Sleep Quality
Sapporo Holdings has confirmed via clinical study
that lactic acid bacteria SBL88 leads to improved
sleep quality, a new health function for the propri-
etary functional food ingredient. The study required
participants to ingest food products containing
SBL88 over a four-week period. Participants displayed
less drowsiness and greater fatigue recovery upon
waking up (Japanese Pharmacology Therapeutics Vol. 46
No. 10, 2018). SBL88 derived from barley was found
among various stocks of Sapporo Breweries Culture
Collection, which was constructed for research on beer quality assurance. Many beneficial health functions have been revealed during its many years of research.
  In order to achieve further growth, we established Sapporo Wellness Lab Limited (SWL) on February 4, 2019, which will generate value inside and outside the Group in a prompt manner. SWL has adopted a corporate philosophy: we support the healthy, bright smiles of our customers through deliciousness and reliable evidence.
Lactic Acid Bacteria SBL88
Health Project with Lemons in Osakikamijima Town
Osakikamijima in Hiroshima Prefecture, which has a collaborative partnership
agreement with POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage, is a major lemon
producing area. In May 2018, research on the health effects of
lemon intake began with the cooperation of approximately 500 residents. This project is being carried out through the joint research of Sapporo Holdings, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage, Prefectural Hiroshima University, and
Osakikamijima for five years.
Our goal is to contribute to the health of the people by
utilizing the research results and to play a role in production promotion of lemons in Hiroshima.
  43

 Human Resource Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
  Message from the Director of Human Resources
 By further promoting a
“Go Beyond Boundaries” mind-set, ingraining deeper diversity
and inclusion, and working
to improve employee health,
we will continue to lead the Group toward sustainable growth.
Mayumi Fukuhara
Director (Member of the Board),
Director of Human Resources Department
Promote the Current Mind-Set toward “Going Beyond Boundaries” Even Further
The underlying idea behind the Sapporo Group’s human resource strategy is to “Go Beyond Boundaries,” overcoming the unconscious walls we create ourselves, the barriers of organizations, and going beyond the boundaries of business and country. In that light, we are working to cultivate human resources with a “Go Beyond Boundaries” mind-set that provide new value and passion to customers under our Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150.”
The phrase “Go Beyond Boundaries” was coined in 2013, the year we began to accelerate growth in the “Food” field and promote global business expansion. Fortunately, the concept is simple and easy to under- stand and widely recognized by employees at Group companies, but for the idea to truly take root in corpo- rate culture, we need constant reminding of its value. Above all, as business continues to globalize at an accel- erating pace, it is crucial that we ask just how much
each and every employee can extend our customer focus from the domestic sphere to overseas, and just how many employees have the mind-set to take on this task. While there has been a considerable change in employee mind-set over the years, this is a point that needs to change even further.
To spur on the “Go Beyond Boundaries” mind-set, which in turn works to advance global development, we are making effective use of both quiet, conventional meth- ods that work within a system, and methods to support employees as they pursue their own self-driven goals. As part of the former methods, we are creating various opportunities for employees to take on challenges and gain overseas experience while they are young, in addi- tion to tracking the growth of the Group and of each employee. Moreover, we are reviewing a work cycle that combines domestic and overseas work in order to culti- vate globally minded human resources. As we review personnel systems and measures for each operating company within Japan, we are building and developing a shared platform. At the same time, we intend to
  44

actively appoint and promote human resources on a Groupwide scale. As part of more employee-driven methods, some operating companies have introduced a “window of action” where employees with ambition, aptitude, and the recommendation of their supervisor can take a simplified exam to initiate the move from general clerical work to management track positions. In these ways, we are heavily promoting that Group employees “Go Beyond Boundaries” as a way to strengthen human resources in growth areas.
Ingrain Diversity and Inclusion—Bringing Together Diverse Human Resources
In addition to cultivating personnel who “Go Beyond Boundaries,” the Sapporo Group aims to ingrain diversity and inclusion in its employees so that every individual can realize their maximum potential in rec- ognition of their and each other’s diverse ideas and ways of thinking, and to support related activities. Diversity and inclusion serve as the underlying idea for the personnel systems and measures employed by the Sapporo Group.
Looking back, our understanding of diversity as a series of individual differences such as gender, age, and nationality has changed greatly over the past 10 years. The diversification of human resources in the Company might have taken place without any special measures, simply due to the needs of society. However, one of my roles up until this point has been to find ways to accel- erate the process of diversification, to match the growth of business. The pressing question now is how to bring together a diverse group of individuals, each with their own differences, and optimize organizational strength moving forward. To address this question, it is impor- tant to ask whether the positive engagement and dyna- mism inherent in channeling all of this diversity into organizational strength are truly being conveyed; it is especially important to ask whether those in leadership positions at the top of the organization have this idea of inclusion. Looking forward, I will continue to act as a flagbearer for diversity and inclusion, and hasten efforts to ingrain and teach their necessity.
Empower Human Resources and Improve Employee Health to Improve Corporate Value
As we accelerate growth in the “Food” field and promote global business expansion, our business is becoming more sophisticated and complex. As business conditions and the business itself undergo major changes, the “learning” of each and every employee is key to keeping pace with these changes and becoming leading human resources. The Company has upgraded its training pro- gram under the motto “‘My career built by myself.”
On the other hand, one cannot expect employees to take such forward-thinking action without being mind- ful of their individual health. The Company is promoting health management by making the health of its human resources a management cornerstone. This includes the introduction of various measures to improve health, such as the “Health Creation Declaration” made the by the president of each Group company, the deployment of public health nurses, and the distribution of health apps. In addition, the Company has formulated a medium-term plan for health management to take effect from 2019, and has created new measures for balancing medical treatment and work, as well as measures for reducing smoking.
There is a “centripetal force” in keeping with our corporate philosophy, created through an emotional attachment to the Company’s unique brands, products, and services. There is also a “centrifugal force” that relies on a collective healthy body and mind of the Group’s human resources, which fosters the ambition to “Go Beyond Boundaries” and allows each individual employee to realize their maximum potential. I recognize that striking a careful balance between these two forces is the role of the Human Resources Department. Going forward, we will take honest note of the words and manner of each individual employee and continue to put forth this message while improving our corporate value.
Integrated Report 2018
    45

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Human Resource Strategy
  Nurture Human Resources Who Are Ambitious and Healthy in Both Body and Mind
Formulation of the Medium-Term Health Management Plan—Our Commitment to Employee Health
 In February 2019, the Sapporo Group formulated the 2019–2022 Medium-Term Health Management Plan. We have set three goals—“protecting life,” “improving health,” and “increasing strength through diversity”—as the basis for enhancing activities to improve employee lifestyles. Through these goals, we aim to reach our numerical targets set for 2022.
In addition, we have released a “Message
Regarding the Sapporo Group Anti-Smoking
Policy,” declaring the 22nd of every month a “No-smoking day.” We believe that, as a
company closely tied to the food industry, adopting a Groupwide anti-smoking policy will increase our trust with customers; therefore, we are working to motivate employees to quit smoking and lower smoking rates over- all. In this light, we have introduced an online no-smoking treatment program on a trial basis.
In keeping with these efforts to improve the health of all Group employees, Sapporo Holdings was among several businesses to be certified as a 2019 Excellent Enterprise of
Medium-Term Health Management Plan (2019–2022)
Protecting Life Actions
1) Steps per day:
Health and Productivity Management (White 500),
a distinction granted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry to businesses with exceptional health management.
   Message Regarding the Sapporo Group Anti-Smoking Policy
Based on the Sapporo Group Health Creation Declaration, the Sapporo Group began its anti-smoking initiative in 2019. This initiative is part of our commitment to protect the health of each and every one of our employees.
Furthermore, we aim to establish a healthy work environ- ment by eliminating second-hand smoke.
As a company closely tied to the food industry, we believe that efforts toward our no-smoking policy will increase our trust with customers.
At the Sapporo Group, we are committed to health manage- ment in order to promote the happiness of employees, their families, the Company, and our customers.
   Goal
Initiatives
2022 Numerical Targets
     · Provide examinations at medical institutions for 100% of those who may require emer- gency treatment
· Offer health checks for 100% of employees aged 40 and over with lifestyle-related diseases
· Encourage no-smoking lifestyles
· Improve sleeping patterns
 · Utilize in-house nurses
· Promote use of health apps
· Carry out wellness surveys
· Implement Companywide employees health
declaration
· Promote walking
· Implement stress checks
  · Create plan in collaboration with research department
· Ensure improved health focused on women, the elderly, and other employee groups
· Support coexistence of treatment and work
    Improving Health
Increasing Strength through Diversity
Men: 9,200 steps, Women: 8,300 steps 2) Regular daily exercise:
(30 minutes, twice a week for over a year)
Men 39%, Women 35%
3) Adequate rest through proper sleep:
90%
4) Skipping breakfast:
Under 15%
5) Percentage of smokers:
Under 12%
Employee health spreading happiness to employees, their families, the Company, and customers
   Creation of a Stronger Company by Establishing a Dialogue and Suitable Work Systems for Employees with Cancer
 In order to increase their strength, Sapporo Breweries and POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage are working to create suitable work systems for employees diagnosed with cancer and to maintain a two-way dialogue. Accordingly,
the two companies have created a manual targeting employees with cancer and their supervisors, “Supporting the Coexistence of Treatment and Work,” as an easy-to- reference manual with the necessary information on
46

 mediating between both elements. In addition, these com- panies have introduced hourly paid leave, super flex time, and teleworking to allow for more flexibility at work. Thanks to these efforts, these companies have created a system where employees can undergo treatment while still being able to perform their job duties.
In recognition of these efforts, Sapporo Breweries received the Gold Prize at the first Gan Ally Sengen (Cancer Ally Declaration) awards, held by the Gan-Ally-Bu, a privately run project dedicated to addressing the problem of mitigat- ing cancer treatment
and work.
My Career Built by Myself—Creating Opportunities to Tackle Challenges
Integrated Report 2018
    Supporting the Coexistence of Treatment and Work
· Published a manual, “Supporting the Coexistence of Treatment and Work,” for a system where necessary informa- tion is easily accessible
· Introduced hourly paid leave and super flex time for a system where employees can undergo treatment while being able to perform their job duties
· Implement health checks for lifestyle-related diseases (including checks conducted through health insurance asso- ciations and examinations for cancer and similar ailments) with costs partly covered by the Company for a system where employees can take their checks during work hours
· Assigned industrial physicians and nurses to each work location for a system where it is easy for employees to consult about their health
· Provided in-house counselors for a system where employees can consult about their careers, including matters of health and family
   In 2018, the Sapporo Group held its seventh “Global Resource Development Program for the Coming Generation” (GPC), a program that gathers young employ- ees from each Group company to create globally minded human resources. In addition to training in Japan, the program includes on-the-job training overseas, with the
aim of raising cross-cultural response skills and English communication ability. Participants in the program elect to join the program of their own accord, in the spirit of “self- driven career building.” Among these participants, we select those who are ready to do full-fledged work overseas or conduct business related to overseas work.
  Summary of GPC Program for fiscal 2018
1. Group training
2. Independent study (online English conversation classes,
customized e-learning, and writing assignments
conducted outside of official training hours)
3. Full-fledged work overseas (food product manufacturing
factory visits in Vietnam)
4. Personal research and proposals
Group Training
Company food product factory visit (Vietnam)
  The Hirameki! Lab—Beyond WorkStyle Reforms
An idea from the POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage workstyle reform pro- motion team sparked the creation of the Hirameki! Lab (“hirameki” is the Japanese word for “inspiration”). Workstyle reforms create stimulating stretches of time, producing “hirameki!” moments. The ideas produced in these times lead to changes in awareness and thinking and new initiatives while enjoying a pro- cess where people learn from each other and engage in dialogue. We are work- ing to create spaces where these moments can take place.
“What new ideas and innovations can we create?” “How can we make POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage an even better company?” “How can we change the way we work?” These are the questions that the Hirameki! Lab tackles to its fullest—questions that apply to lifestyles outside of time at work. Utilizing flex time and telework and improving work flow are the keys to creating more time, which opens the door for study groups, workshops, and seminars.
Presentation
Group work
   47

 Financial Strategy
Message from the Director of Corporate Finance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
    By strengthening our financial
base and making sound
investments in growth fields,
we will realize sustainable profitability and shareholder returns.
Shinichi Soya
Managing Director (Member of the Board)
Our Financial Strategy to Make Active Investments in Growth Fields
Under the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020, we established a financial goal to generate ¥180.0 bil- lion in cash flows from operating activities, with the intention to invest ¥130.0 billion in our core business areas: “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks.” Now that our business plan has gone slightly off course from our original road map, the pressing question is just how our businesses will generate cash. To address this question, we need to move to a profit- able structure, and naturally pursue a greater business scale. Looking at the Alcoholic Beverages business seg- ment, our policy to “strengthen the beer business” is one manifestation of our meeting this need. This involves increasing our composition ratio of products and services with high profit margins, and thereby enhancing our cash-generating capabilities. At the same time, we are working to streamline our cost-control strategies for expenses such as sales promotions and advertising, without adhering to conventional ideas and concepts. With the cash generated in this manner, we will make carefully selected and clearly prioritized investments in growth fields.
To improve our balance sheet, we made efforts to increase asset efficiency, such as converting over ¥10.0 billion in strategic holdings of shares—one-quarter of total strategic holdings of shares when measured at market value—to cash in fiscal 2017–fiscal 2018. According to our Policy Related to Strategic Holding
of Shares, which has been determined under our Basic Policy on Corporate Governance, we hold assets with
a reasonable return as a general rule; however, we want to maintain flexibility so that we may liquidate assets if it becomes necessary. In fiscal 2018, we sought to diver- sify our methods for procuring funds by issuing con- vertible bonds with a view to increasing future equity. While taking these steps to increase our cash-generating capabilities and improve our balance between direct and indirect financing, we are also working to reduce interest-bearing debt, with the aim of reaching a 1.0 debt-to-equity ratio.
At the same time, we remain committed to carrying out steady shareholder returns in line with profit growth, keeping our sights set on maintaining a dividend payout ratio of around 30%. Despite recording a reduction in operating profit in fiscal 2018, we were able to increase dividends for the second consecutive year, due to lower corporation taxes as a result of reshuffling our
 48

international businesses, which in turn led to an increase in net profit, and to reasonable use of internal reserves.
Pursuing Growth Opportunities and Managing Risks as a Company with Highly Unique Brands
The Sapporo Group has included in its Long-Term Vision a mission to be “a Company with Highly Unique Brands.” In this spirit, the Group has positioned its brands as the source of its competitive edge. The Group aims to cultivate and strengthen its brands in the three fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks,” its core businesses, and in the Real Estate busi- ness. I believe that this strategy involving a variety of brand-centric approaches is a unique feature of the Group, with its share of growth opportunities and risks.
For instance, in the Real Estate business segment, one of our “Brand Value Creation Businesses,” our active urban development efforts in Ebisu serve to not only boost the brand of the region but also enhance the brand of Yebisu as a premium beer. Generally speaking, we can also look at the Real Estate business segment as an effective financial leveraging tool. However, we are ultimately manufacturers in the business fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks.” Because of this, we aim to reduce our interest-bearing debt, meaning that we are introducing measures to manage rising interest as a future risk while also limit- ing the number of liabilities. Moreover, it is essential that we accelerate overall growth and promote global business expansion in the “Food” field to spur sustain- able growth in the medium to long term. In this light, we need to build a strong financial base that allows us to quickly respond to changing conditions and take advantage of investment opportunities. Bearing this need in mind, we are working to mitigate management risks and control volatility by building a unique portfo- lio of multiple and varied businesses with differing business cycles and terms. At the same time, we are cultivating and strengthening Company brands.
The Role of the Financial Department for Making Growth Investments and Mitigating Risks
In fiscal 2018, we recorded an impairment loss for Anchor Brewing Company. While this can be partly attributed to the amount of money spent, it is mainly
because we deviated from the original business plan we laid out at acquisition. With regard to growth invest- ments, we cannot limit our attention to the nature of an investment; we must also consider timing. Determining the right timing is the job of the financial department, and we must make an appropriate evaluation using consistent criteria. This criteria must be comprehensive, taking into account brand value and time value—fac- tors that are not reflected in financial statements or the purchase price.
To ensure thorough regulation of investments, we revised the methodology of the Financial Investing Committees established at the holding company and at each operating company. We changed systems within each committee to include better monitoring of financial investments, which includes post-monitoring integration (PMI). Furthermore, we switched to a workflow system requiring an operating company to undertake a project while incorporating a Groupwide perspective, even if said project has already been sanctioned.
Making a pertinent evaluation of business risks is another important role played by the financial depart- ment. To properly fulfill this role, the financial depart- ment must be constantly vigilant regarding risks while being aware of what is occurring on the front lines of the Company. Even when helping management divisions to be more effective and rational, the financial depart- ment applies its motto to “use digital technology to the fullest, but practice analog face-to-face communication.” We are therefore more conscious of opportunities for exchange inside and outside the Company, which then improves our sensitivity to risks as they exist on the front lines. In addition, we are working to engage in meaningful dialogues with our shareholders and inves- tors, which means working to make these dialogues deeper through the sharing of negative information in a clear manner. Documents, such as our financial materials and this integrated report, are a means to making the direction of and challenges for our Company known. We create these documents as a way to spark dialogue and facilitate communication with all of our shareholders and other investors. We look forward to gathering more frank opinions going forward, and ask for your contin- ued support and understanding as we work to do so.
Integrated Report 2018
    49

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Basic CSR Policy
 Our 4 Key Promises for Strengthening
Bonds through Our Brand Story
The Sapporo Group will inherit a brand story grounded in its over 140-year history as a collection of aspirations it wishes to share with its stakeholders. In addition, through its CSR activities, the Group aims to connect this brand story to the future.
In line with our 4 Key Promises, which summarize our CSR initiatives, we will forge ahead with our CSR endeavors in a bold and swift manner.
  Materiality
Safety, reliability, and quality
Creating new value
Alcoholic Beverage-related issues
Promise 1
Contributing to Creative, Enriching and Rewarding Lifestyles Through Alcoholic Beverages, Food, and Soft drinks
Materiality
Supporting local communities
Sustainable procurement
Promise 2
Promoting Coexistence with Society
   Alcoholic Beverages, Food, and Soft Drinks
Brand
Trust
Human
 Environment
Resources
Society
   Materiality
Preventing global warming
Promoting the 3Rs
Harmonizing with nature
Promise 3
Corporate Governance
Materiality
Health and productivity management
Diversity and human rights
Human resources development and training
Promise 4
Cultivating Highly Unique Employees
  Promoting Environmental Conservation
50

Integrated Report 2018
   The Sapporo Group’s Basic CSR Policy
 We are determined to remain a group that is trusted by society by conducting business in a way that keeps our customers happy.
Since the Sapporo Group’s founding in 1876, we have existed in harmony with society and have been sustained by the happiness of our customers as we forged our path to the present. From here on, the Sapporo Group will aim to grow as a company and contribute to sustainable social development by remaining an honest group that makes customers happy, based on its Management Philosophy: “As an intrinsic part of people’s lives, Sapporo will contribute to the evolution of creative, enriching and rewarding lifestyles.”
 Our CSR Initiatives and Our 4 Key Promises
One of the goals of the Sapporo Group Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150” is to “strengthen corporate communi- cation.” To this end, we have organized our CSR initiatives into the following four designated fields, or 4 Key Promises: “Contributing to Creative, Enriching and Rewarding Lifestyles Through Alcoholic Beverages, Food, and Soft Drinks,” “Promoting Coexistence with Society,” “Promoting Environmental Conservation,” and Cultivating Highly Unique Employees.” By pursuing these efforts while also working to enhance our corporate governance—which provides the foun- dation for all our businesses—we will contribute toward realizing the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and, at the same time, develop brands and earn the trust that will provide the source for growth going forward.
CSR Activity Implementation Structure
Sapporo Holdings formulates the over- all policy for implementing the Sapporo Group’s CSR activities and has estab- lished a Group CSR Promotion Committee. This committee is chaired by the president and representative director of the Company, who is responsible for coordination and adjust- ment within the Group.
The Strategic Planning Department, meanwhile, develops and implements various measures to promote CSR activities at each Group company, holds monthly meetings with CSR personnel, and shares information and progress via its CSR Office.
 Sapporo Holdings Ltd.
 Group CSR Promotion Committee
Chair: President and Representative Director
 Group CSR Representative
 Strategic Planning Department, CSR Office
 Quality Assurance
 Legal Affairs
 Human Resources
 General Affairs
 Corporate Communications
 Research & Development
    Sapporo Breweries Limited
CSR Representative
     POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
CSR Representative
CSR Department
    Sapporo Lion Limited
CSR Representative
CSR Department
   Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd.
CSR Representative
CSR Department
 51
CSR Department
(As of March 31, 2019)

 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
Special Feature 2
Tackling Risks Stemming from Climate Change through the Breeding of Barley and Hops
In the Future, as in the Past, the Breeding of Barley and Hops Supports the Delicious Taste of Beer.
Since its foundation, Sapporo Breweries has pursued the cultivation of barley and hops in order to realize its wish to provide great-tasting beer to customers. Breeding is a painstaking and labor-intensive process that involves the cross- fertilization and selection of varieties of barley and hops over many months and years. Sapporo Breweries is the only beer maker in the world to breed both barley and hops and procure these materials through a Collaborative Contract
 Farming System.*
Among the achievements of hop breeding and research that have continued
from the era of the Kaitakushi Brewery is the outstanding hop variety Shinshu- Wase that is still being planted today. The expertise we have developed through the breeding of and research on hops, which are disease-prone and difficult to produce, is utilized in the production guidance we give to growers and helps in the procurement of high-quality raw materials through the Collaborative Contract Farming System. Indeed, Sapporo Breweries’ breeding technologies once saved hops from a crisis. The crisis occurred around 1970 due to the out- break of a virus in the hop-growing region of Saaz, in what is now the Czech Republic. That region is known as a production area for fine aroma hops of the highest quality that are used in premium beers across the world. The virus adversely affected the quality of said hops and resulted in a decrease in yields. From 1989, Sapporo Breweries provided technological guidance in the region and created a virus-free seedling. As a result of these efforts, we succeeded in restoring the hops to their previous outstanding quality. Following that, in 1994 we founded V.F. Hunmuls in the Czech Republic, a company that continues to manufacture and sell virus-free seedlings.
Now, triggered by climate change, Sapporo Breweries continues to tackle challenges through breeding amid increasing risks associated with abnormal weather such as damage and disease of agricultural products, drought, and decreasing yields. For example, with regard to barley, concerns are growing in Hokkaido and elsewhere about pre-harvest sprouting, Fusarium head blight, and skin crackling caused by rainfall at harvest time. Sapporo Breweries is striv- ing to resolve such production and quality issues through high-quality develop- ment of varieties that also excel agriculturally, based on our knowledge and expertise regarding breeding. In addition, we have established a decentralized
Sapporo Breweries has been employing the Collaborative Contract Farming System for barley and hops since 2006.
Spring 2019 Collaborative contract farmers, engaged in cutting-edge agriculture in Canada, visited Sapporo Breweries’ Bio-research and Development Division.
  52
  
procurement system for barley and hops as a means to reduce and avoid the effects of climate change, utilizing production areas around the world. Going forward, for great-tasting beer and the happiness of our customers, we will continue to tackle challenges in beer manufacturing from the standpoint of breeding while dealing with the impacts of climate change.
Resolving Global Issues through Cooperative Partnerships between Industry and Academia
In July 2017, Sapporo Holdings concluded a comprehensive partnership agree- ment with Tokyo University of Agriculture in order to contribute to the resolu- tion of global food and environmental problems.
Tokyo University of Agriculture and Sapporo Breweries had cooperated at a departmental level on matters such as the production and use of barley and hops, even before concluding this agreement. However, with the impetus gained from expanding our relationship from a departmental level to a university-wide level, and from Sapporo Breweries to Sapporo Holdings, we are now proactively engaged in international cooperation activities through activities that contribute to the re-energization of food and related industries and support for product development.
While leveraging such cooperative partnerships between industry and aca- demia, the Sapporo Group is tackling risks stemming from climate change head-on. At the same time, while transforming risks into opportunities, we will link the procurement of safe, secure, and high-quality raw materials with sus- tainable manufacturing activities.
Advancing Joint Research and Surveys with Tokyo University of Agriculture’s Okhotsk Campus
Tokyo University of Agriculture and Sapporo Breweries are currently conducting joint research on differences in root system development between varieties of hops, based on the hypothesis that the development of the root system may be enhancing the ability of hops to adapt to water-related stresses such as aridity.
Through such efforts, we are striving to develop varieties of hops that can cope with such effects of climate change as drought and heavy rainfall.
* The Collective Contract Farming System is Sapporo Breweries’ proprietary raw materials procurement system. Through this system, internal experts on barley and hops (“fieldman”) make direct visits to growing areas and work with growers to provide deliciousness, safety, and reliability to customers.
The three main elements of the Collective Contract Farming System are:
1. Well-defined information on barley and hop growing areas and growers
2. Well-defined information on growing methods
3. Communication exchange between the company and growers
At the signing of the comprehensive partnership agreement (on the left is President Katsumi Takano of Tokyo University of Agriculture; on the right is President and Representative Director Masaki Oga)
Integrated Report 2018
     53
Joint research with students from Tokyo University of Agriculture’s Okhotsk Campus
   
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
Contributing to Creative, Enriching and Rewarding
P r o1m i s e
  Lifestyles Through Alcoholic Beverages,
Food, and Soft drinks
We will offer the joy of living and enrich the lives of our customers by creating new value through “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks.”
  Acquisition of Safety Certification for
Nine Breweries and Plants
As of May 2019, the Sapporo Group owns eight major brew- eries for alcoholic beverages with FSSC 22000 certification, which targets food manufacturing organizations and is the international standard for food safety management systems. In addition, our Gunma Plant, a dedicated food and soft drinks site, has also received the same certification. Going forward, we will continue to raise our level of quality assurance across the entire Group.
Alcoholic Beverage-Related Issues
The Sapporo Group believes that, as a corporate entity engaged in the distribution of alcoholic beverages, it bears a responsibility to communicate proper drinking practices and instill a proper understanding about the characteristics of alcohol. To this end, we are engaged in a variety of initiatives.
Spreading of Proper Drinking Awareness among
University Students
To disseminate proper knowledge regarding alcohol consump- tion among university students and to promote healthy enjoy- ment of alcoholic beverages, Sapporo Breweries has been conducting Proper Drinking
Awareness Seminars since 2015, primarily focused in metropolitan area universities. A total of 24 seminars were held by 2018, and in that same year seminars were hosted across seven universities.
Creation of New Value through
New Packaging Development
Sapporo Breweries is working to create new value by develop- ing new packaging. The Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label Korokoro Stocker and the Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label Storage BOX are two new types of packaging being developed that perfectly match customer lifestyles and serve as examples of efforts to provide enjoyment and convenience to more and more customers. In March 2019, each packaging was awarded the special prize for the second consecutive year by LOHACO, an online shopping website for everyday goods operated by ASKUL Corporation.
1 Korokoro Stocker: An eight-pack carton of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label ready-made to stock beer in a refrigerator, this packaging is notable for its playful and fun design. As cans are taken from the bottom and new cans are put in, a new can rolls into place (creating the onomatopoeic korokoro sound in Japanese), making it easier to grab the next beer while also saving fridge space.
2 Storage BOX: This box of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label contains four 12-packs of beer (48 cans in total) and features a wooden- design that is a welcome addition to any room. As an extra bonus, each box comes with an unassembled Korokoro Stocker.
    Policy Related to Proper Drinking Practices
• In light of the nature of alcohol, we will consider the social impact when engaging in the manufacture, sale, and advertisement of alcoholic beverages.
• We promote moderation in alcohol consumption con- sistent with a healthy and joyful lifestyle while moving forward with measures to prevent alcohol abuse, such as underage drinking, driving while intoxicated, and drinking by pregnant and nursing mothers.
 1
2
54

Promoting Coexistence with Society
P r o2m i s e
We will contribute to the development of local communities
and solve issues as part of local society, and create a better future along with everyone in society.
   Resolution of Social Issues through
Collaborative Agreements
Since its founding, the Sapporo Group has cherished its ties to the areas and local communities where the Group has a long history. Beginning with a comprehensive collaborative agree- ment with Hokkaido Prefecture in 2007, the Sapporo Group has established 56 agreements with local municipalities and universities across Japan. These agreements are part of our ongoing efforts to promote regional contribution, urban development, and disaster prevention.
33 Years of Support for the Hakone Ekiden
The Hakone Ekiden is a relay marathon synonymous with the Japanese New Year. The single-minded attitude that goes into running for the honor of one’s alma mater and one’s col- leagues goes hand-in-hand with Sapporo Breweries’ “heart and conviction for craftsmanship.”
Sapporo Breweries has supported the Hakone Ekiden since 1987, for a total of 33 years. Employees of the company sell original sports goods around the finish area, with part of the proceeds donated to the Hakone Trust Fund, established by the town of Hakone, Kanagawa Prefecture, and dedicated to environmental conservation.
Education for Suppliers about
Our CSR Procurement Policy
Based on the Sapporo Group Procurement Basic Policy and the Sapporo Group Suppliers CSR Procurement Guideline, the Group has chosen six main subjects to frame two-way com- munication with suppliers and undertake cooperative CSR efforts: Safety and quality, compliance with laws, human rights and labor, environmental conservation, coexistence with society, and alcoholic beverage-related issues. Through these efforts, we aim to realize a
healthy and enriching society.
At supplier-oriented infor- mation sessions about our operating policies, we provide explanations and education regarding the Sapporo Group’s approach to procurement.
Support for Raising
the Next Generation
through the Shareholder Benefit Plan
Since fiscal 2008, Sapporo Holdings has employed a system whereby shareholders can choose to forego special benefits (material rewards) and donates an equivalent value toward social programs, which the Company matches with an equiva- lent donation. Sapporo Holdings has been providing restora- tion support to the Tohoku region since 2012 following the Great East Japan Earthquake, and about ¥3.5 million raised in 2017 was put toward the following programs in 2018.
Support for “Tsubaki-themed learning” in Funato City, Iwate Prefecture (“Tsubaki” is the Japanese word for the camellia tree)
Support for “hometown studies” as a pillar of elementary and junior high school learning in the town of Otsuchi, Iwate Prefecture
Support for project for overseas and domestic high school students to disseminate safety information about food grown in Fukushima, Fukushima Prefecture
Integrated Report 2018
        55

     Sapporo Breweries’ Chiba Brewery Receives Award for Superior Greening Efforts
Sapporo Breweries’ Chiba Brewery was commended for 30 years of activities dedicated to promoting greenification and local community contribution activities, a practice that has been ongoing since the brewery’s construction. For these efforts, it received the Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry Director-General’s Factory Greening Award in October 2018. Moving
forward, we aim for all our breweries to con- tinue their contributions to society through proac- tive environmental con- servation efforts.
Support for Regional Conservation
Sapporo Breweries launched a limited release of
the Shinshu Environmental Support Can of
Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label in Nagano
Prefecture. One yen for every can sold is donated
toward the ongoing environmental conservation
efforts of Shinshu (the traditional Japanese name
for Nagano Prefecture). Furthermore, Sapporo Breweries entered into the Biodiversity Protection Partnership Agreement in 2017, and continues to work in conjunction with Nagano Prefecture to promote environmental conservation.
Promotion of the 3Rs
The Sapporo Group promotes the 3Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle) to lower its environmental impact. To this end, it utilizes resources as effectively as possible and spreads its efforts across each stage of production, from the procurement of raw materials to disposal and recycling. Sapporo Breweries and POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage strive for a 100% recy- cling rate for by-products and waste created in the product manufacturing process. Canada-based Sleeman Breweries, which has worked to
incorporate environmental conservation into its supply chain, was recognized with a gold level standing by the Recycling Council of Ontario for these efforts.
Installation of Solar Panels on Plant Rooftops
POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage has had solar panels installed on the rooftop of its Gunma Plant as part of efforts to reduce its environmen-
tal impact. Each month,
these panels generate an average of 100,000 kWh.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
Promoting Environmental Conservation
  P r o3m i s e
In order to pass on nature’s bounty to the future, we will strive to prevent global warming, promote the 3Rs, and achieve symbiosis with nature at every phase.
      Cultivating Highly Unique Employees
P r o4m i s e
As part of the Sapporo Group Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150,” the Group is committed to developing personnel who “Go Beyond Boundaries.” To this end, the Group is promoting initiatives toward enhancing health and shifting human resources to
   growing business areas.
For details, please refer to the Human Resource Strategy section on pages 44–47.
We respect the wide-ranging diversity of employees and bolster the development of an environment that allows all employees to demonstrate their abilities to the maximum extent.
  For information on our medium-term goals aimed at resolving CSR priority issues and the current status of our efforts, please visit the Sapporo Group website.
https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/en/csr/policy/systems/
56

 Integrated Report 2018
 Stakeholder Engagement
 As a business practice done in earnest and in accordance with its basic CSR policy, the Sapporo Group works toward proac- tive and appropriate disclosure of information and mutual communication in order to deepen trust between the Group and its stakeholders. These efforts serve to strengthen bonds with stakeholders through our brand story, and help us achieve “stronger corporate communications,” one of the pillars of its Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150.”
Customers
Providing valuable products and services that build trust
• Customer service centers • Brewery and plant tours • Events, etc.
Shareholders / Investors
Adhering to the Corporate Governance Code, implementing appropriate shareholder returns
• General Meeting of Shareholders
• Financial results briefings
• Individual dialogues with domestic
and overseas institutional investors
• Publication of reports, etc.
Suppliers
Respecting human rights and promoting environment-friendly procurement
• Daily communication
• Group procurement basic policy,
procurement from a CSR perspective, etc.
Community / Society
Implementing training/food educa- tion for next generation, regional activities, and environmental conservation using each business’ characteristics
• Next-generation training
• Regional contribution activities
• Disaster-recovery efforts
• Environmental conservation
activities, etc.
Employees
Creating an environment that embraces diversity, promotes health improvement, and encourages employees to tackle challenges
• Graduate and department-specific training
• Mental healthcare
• Open recruitment system for human resources, etc.
Sapporo Breweries begins its management meetings by listening to the frank opinions of its customers gathered from customer service centers. In addition, breweries and sales bases have been holding events for employees to listen to customer feedback. By taking an active interest in customer feedback and always keeping the cus- tomer’s perspective in mind, Sapporo Breweries aims to provide an “enriching and rewarding lifestyle for our customers,” part of our corporate philosophy.
Sapporo Holdings is committed to maintaining a dialogue with all of its shareholders and investors. The Company holds information sessions with individual investors several times a year, as well as conference calls every first and third quarter and financial results briefings every second and fourth quarter for institutional investors. Furthermore, the Company holds an overseas roadshow twice a year, held in overseas locations to accommodate institutional inves- tors outside of Japan. By carrying out these IR activities, we are able to gather the opinions and requests of our shareholders and investors and provide regular feedback to management and related departments of the Company.
The Sapporo Group is carrying out CSR initiatives throughout its supply chain while working to promote understanding and coop- eration among suppliers of raw materials. Sapporo Breweries makes regular visits to suppliers of packaging materials to conduct quality control inspections and employee training. These visits also serve as opportunities to hold exchange events where the Company and suppliers can share knowledge and opinions related to CSR and SDG initiatives.
The Sapporo Group has formed 56 cooperative agreements with a variety of entities across Japan—including prefectures, municipali- ties, and universities. In the Shibuya ward of Tokyo, where the Group headquarters is located, the Group concluded the “Shibuya Social Action Partner (S-SAP)” agreement, a comprehensive partner- ship agreement, in 2016. Through this agreement, the Group is engaged in urban development, focused on Yebisu Garden Place, and is working to resolve social issues. To help raise the next gen- eration, the Group has provided support for the Shibuya Ward Kodomo (Children’s) Table and for Orange Ribbon activities to spread awareness for preventing child abuse.
The Sapporo Group holds workplace visits to promote communica- tion between employees and their families. POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage held its first workplace visit at its Nagoya Plant
in March 2019. These visits increase employee motivation and also help promote exchanges between co-workers and their families. Such initiatives will help create a comfortable working environment.
          57

Group is working to upgrade and enhance its corporate governance, powered by the voice of its stakeholders.
Mr. Shizuka Uzawa, an outside director, and Mr. Tsutomu Kamijo, chairman and director, sat down to discuss
the current state of governance and its ideal future.
The following section is a transcription of this dialogue.
We always try to be aware
 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
Discussing Corporate Tsutomu Kamijo Shizuka Uzawa
Chairman and Director Outside Director (Independent Officer)
In order to realize its Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150” and improve corporate value, the Sapporo
 of whether our envisioned management structure and system designs make sense from the outside looking in.
Tsutomu Kamijo
01
A Vision of Corporate Governance Tailored to the Sapporo Group
Kamijo: It’s important to always keep in mind that strengthening corporate governance is not a task with a set finish but an evolutionary process—there is no such thing as “an absolute solution.” We need to bear in mind alternatives and ideas that exist outside of the Company while addressing the question of “Why?” as in why we follow a certain corporate philosophy, and why we have certain systems in place. This question should always be clear from both inside and outside of the Company. At the same time, we must resolve issues with a company-minded approach while bear- ing in mind discussions with investors and other stakeholders. As an example of how these discussions aid us, I understand that outside officers are of the opinion that a director at a holding company should serve concurrently as president of an operating
  58
 
  Governance
I have to take the third-party stance of a shareholder or investor and, from time to time, throw out
a startling observation or statement.
Shizuka Uzawa
Soft Drinks segment. There are a few advantages to this action. Not only does it make the Group easier to understand as a whole, it also makes it easier to explain business endeavors to our stakeholders.
Needless to say, the shift to a three-segment business structure is a reflection of the president’s deliberation and intent, but it is also the product of discussions based on the suggestions and opinions of outside directors. In terms of governance, the prevailing opin- ion is that it is more appropriate to have a system where it’s possible to monitor each business and their overseas operations. We always try to be aware of whether our envisioned management structure and system designs make sense from the outside in. Uzawa: Information that is difficult for institutional investors, analysts, the press, and other outside par- ties to understand is usually pretty difficult for out- side officers to understand as well. Conversely speaking, if something is discussed until it’s clear to outside officers, then it will likely be more compre- hensible to those outside parties. What this shows is that much consideration is being put toward building an ideal composition of the Board of Directors, which involves the incorporation of outside officers. Kamijo: We have highlighted global development centered in North America and Southeast Asia as a strategic theme and are putting the right people in place to advance our growth strategy. Both myself and Mr. Uzawa number among several associated with the Company who have experience overseas as expat employees. Among them is Mr. Shuji Fukuda, whom we welcomed as an outside director, and we expect that his wealth of experience working in the Pacific Rim will result in useful suggestions. And Mr. Mackenzie Clugston, from Canada, who has served as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Canada to Japan and to ASEAN, is familiar with
Integrated Report 2018
  company. In light of such opinions and suggestions, we are gathering frank opinions and viewpoints as we pursue and evolve toward a vision of governance that is tailored to the Group.
Uzawa: The question of how to upgrade and enhance Group governance is one that should be given time for thorough discussion. No organization or system ever reaches a “final” form, so we should focus our discussions on how to evolve. Here and now, the Board of Directors is holding such lively discussions, which has led to a holding structure that has helped with business supervision.
Kamijo: We shifted to a three-segment business struc- ture that consists of Alcoholic Beverages, Food & Soft Drinks, and Real Estate and which incorporates overseas business operations. Furthermore, we switched over to a policy of a separate growth strat- egy by business. We accordingly adopted a structure that puts the Alcoholic Beverages segment under the supervision of the Company president, and charged the managing director with overseeing the Food &
59
 
Discussing Corporate Governance
conditions in North America and Southeast Asia and provides opinions from a viewpoint outside Japan. Uzawa: The members of the Board are not there to fill a certain number of slots; they form a roster of people with tested abilities. One characteristic of people with experience in the industry such as myself, as well as several outside directors, is a willingness to listen to perspectives differing from those of business- to-consumer companies. On the other hand, auditors bear the burden of managing specialized legal and accounting duties. In addition, several companies appoint women directors from outside the company in consideration of diversity, and it is worth noting that one member of the Company’s Board of Directors is a woman who rose through the
Company ranks to be an inside director. It takes many years to develop management human resources, but I fully expect the Company to produce a succes- sion of inside women directors in the future.
02
The Advisory Committee to the Board of Directors and Management Human Resources
Kamijo: We discuss the election of human resources charged with the future management of the Company and director compensation with the Nominating Committee and the Compensation Committee, both of which fall under the Advisory Committee to the Board of Directors. These commit- tees, which were established in 1998 and form part of the history of the Company, have allowed us to maintain a fertile breeding ground for human
resources where choices aren’t handled by the presi- dent and human resource officer alone. Each com- mittee comprises three outside directors, such as Mr. Uzawa, and the president.
When selecting and dismissing officers, an impor- tant issue is how we analyze not only directors of the holding company but also the presidents and directors of operating companies and other personnel with significant business responsibilities. Accordingly, the Nominating Committee considers methods of analysis in addition to the ideal evaluation methods. Outside directors maintain an understanding of projects and their progress from meetings held once or twice a year attended by directors of Group operating companies with an executive rank or higher. I think these face-to- face explanations are a good chance for the outside directors to gain better understanding of the manage- ment human resources within the Group.
Uzawa: As a member of the Nominating Committee, I can say that these meetings provide a valuable opportunity to get in touch with personnel who will be responsible for the next generation of Company management. In that sense, it promotes input from those most suitable to speak on a topic of discussion, as opposed to just hearing from the president of an operating company. This gives us more chances to get in touch with the next line of people who will fill management roles in the future. As opposed to trans- parency for the sake of it, I believe a culture where the next generation of young personnel can chime in on discussions is a wonderful thing.
Kamijo: We are “Food” manufacturers, so naturally eating and drinking together makes for a good opportunity as well. That seems to me like another way to understand the thought processes of human resources ahead of being put before the Nominating Committee. This includes human resources at operat- ing companies.
Uzawa: The Outside Director Committee gives us outside directors a chance to have frank discussions about topics of most interest to the president. These discussions are very much “free discussions” that don’t demand previously prepared documents. Because the number of participants is lower than that attending Board meetings, the Outside Director Committee meeting provides a highly effective opportunity to engage in straightforward exchanges of opinions. In recent times, there are an increasing number of com- panies forming however many arbitrary committees
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
  60

of various types, but it’s rare to have a committee where such free and easy dialogue is possible.
03
Realizing the Long-Term Management Vision and Promoting Sustainable Growth
Kamijo: As chairman of the Board, I believe that honest opinions and suggestions from outside direc- tors serve to deepen discussions with inside directors. Ultimately, I hope that these discussions go on to serve as an encouraging force to inside officers as they execute their duties. To that end, I make inside officers aware that people outside of the Group pos- sess a variety of viewpoints and ways of thinking as we take in the spirited comments of outside officers. We use stakeholder opinions as a point of reference using that same mind-set. In the end, it’s the presi- dent who forms the final opinion, and directs the discussion based on his thoughts, ideas, and judgments. Uzawa: I think lively discussions on the execution side are taking place at the management conferences and elsewhere. However, in Board meetings, even inside directors will clam up the moment the discus- sion moves outside of their own field of interest. This is an unfortunate point and is not limited to Sapporo. However, it’s a director’s implicit responsibility to increase their body of knowledge outside of their own area of expertise, and it should be expected that they ask questions when they don’t understand some- thing and receive logical answers in return.
As an outside director of the Company, I want to be part of the “cheering section” and contribute to the Sapporo Group’s sustainable development. To make a meaningful contribution in this role, I can’t always roll in the same direction as the execution side. I have to take the third-party stance of a share- holder or investor and, from time to time, throw out a startling observation or statement.
Kamijo: In our financial report for fiscal 2018, we recorded an impairment loss on Anchor Brewing Company. Now, I believe that the pressing question for us is how to improve effective accuracy, which also applies to post-acquisition post-merger integra- tion, and how to support effective and accurate exe- cution throughout the entire Group.
Uzawa: M&A doesn’t always go as planned. When it
doesn’t, it is important to have a way to correct things. One must consider the extreme option of withdrawing from the process. It is also necessary to strengthen monitoring as a holding company.
To promote global business expansion, the Company needs to leverage its unique brands and high technological expertise as a base. Fortunately, the Company has a stable source of revenue in its Real Estate segment. It is necessary to act boldly while making careful decisions about using the acquired cash for growth investment.
Kamijo: We are aiming for higher growth, so we have to tighten our belts and move forward with business. Japan is experiencing a population decline, but con- sumers are seeking more diverse value, necessitating a wider variety of initiatives. In light of this situation, I believe that we are providing products and services that garner the enthusiasm and interest of consum- ers, and that under these circumstances our brands will shine through.
As stated in our Long-Term Management Vision, we aim to be “a company with highly unique brands.” Management must communicate this aim continuously, so that each and every individual of the Company will keep that aim in mind as well. It is my hope that we can cultivate human resources who share this goal.
Uzawa: In 2026, Sapporo will celebrate its 150th year. By then, the organization and the business will be undergoing considerable change. The process of cultivating in-house, overseas human resources, as well as local human resources in North America and Vietnam, is well underway. As an outside director,
I look forward to more discussions with these people in the future.
Integrated Report 2018
  61

Corporate Governance
Governance Digest
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
   Format
While Sapporo Holdings is a Company with Company Auditors, we voluntarily established a Nominating Committee and a Compensation Committee in November 1998 and have been making efforts to enhance the transparency of our management relating to the nomination and remuneration of directors, and to preserve a sound management structure. Furthermore, in December 2015, we set up the Outside Director Committee in an effort to strengthen the exchange of information and sharing of knowledge with the independent outside directors regarding such matters as Groupwide management strategies and corporate governance issues.
 History of Corporate Governance Reforms
We continue to introduce corporate governance reforms in order to better increase effectiveness.
1997
Outside directors 1
Committees by type
1998 2003
5–6
Nominating Committee Compensation Committee
2007
8–10
2 3
By age
60 years or order 5
2009 2015 2018
  Number of directors
            Notes: 1. The Company began operations under a holding company framework in 2003. 2. The term for directors was shortened to one year from March 2005.
Board of Directors Constituent members
Independent outside directors
Female
Audit & Supervisory Board Constituent members
Independent outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Independent Outside Directors Committee
Under 55 years
1
Under 60 years
3
       Basic Governance Approach
The Sapporo Group has enacted the Basic Policy on Corporate Governance for the purpose of specifying its thinking and opera- tional policy regarding corporate governance with the goal of attaining sustained growth and enhanced corporate value over the medium to long term, and in light of the purport and spirit of the Corporate Governance Code set forth in the Listing Rules of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
As part of the policy, the Group’s basic philosophy is to regard strengthening and enhancing corporate governance as one of its top management priorities. The Group is working to clarify supervisory, business execution, and auditing functions throughout the Group under the holding company framework. The Group is also working to strengthen management supervisory functions to increase management transparency and achieve management goals.
For details on the Company’s basic approach to corporate governance, management direction, and other policies, please refer to the Basic Policy on Corporate Governance. https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/en/csr/gri/pdf/basic_governance_approach.pdf
62

Integrated Report 2018
   Corporate Functions and Internal Control Relationships
 Appointment / Dismissal
Supervision
Supervision
Appointment / Dismissal
Election / Supervision
Supervision
Appointment / Dismissal
Supervision
General Meeting of Shareholders
  3 Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  Accounting Auditor (Independent Auditor)
      Report
 1 Board of Directors Directors Outside Directors
  President
4 Nominating Committee Compensation Committee
5 Independent Outside Directors Committee
    6 Audit Department
Internal Auditing
Internal Auditing
2 Business Execution Departments
Management Council Group Management Council
Group Risk Management Committee Group Information Protection Committee Group CSR Committee
Other Expert Committees
     2 Group Companies
1 Board of Directors
The Board of Directors performs a supervisory role and makes decisions on statutory matters and important matters related to business execution stipulated by the Board’s regulations. The Board of Directors also elects and supervises the business execution of the representative director, president, directors, Group operating officers, and other key personnel.
About Independent Outside Directors
Three of the nine members of the Company’s Board of Directors are independent outside directors. All three have submitted notification to the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Sapporo Securities Exchange of their independent director status as stipulated by the exchange regula- tions. The independent outside directors are expected to objectively advise and supervise the management team from a neutral standpoint, based on their high perception. The independent outside directors offer advice and suggestions from their independent and objective stand- points and are expected to fulfill a role raising corporate value.
Reasons for appointment of directors
  Name
  Reasons for appointment
  Tsutomu Kamijo
Masaki Oga
Shinichi Soya
Mayumi Fukuhara
Yasuyuki Oohira
Mr. Kamijo was representative director of the Company from 2011 and has a wealth of experience, a rich track record, and great insight as a manager. The Company has determined that he will be the right administrator and supervisor of overall Group management.
Mr. Oga has served as representative director of the Company and president and representative director of an operating company, and has a wealth of experience, a rich track record, and great insight as a manager. The Company has determined that he will be the right person to promote Group management and strengthen the corporate governance of the Company.
Mr. Soya has extensive experience in the accounting and finance departments of operating companies and has been in charge of corporate planning and international departments. He therefore has the experience, track record, and insight for overall corporate planning. The Company has determined that he will be the right person to strengthen the Group management structure and global management of the Company.
Ms. Fukuhara has been in charge of the human resource departments of operating companies. She therefore has the experience, track record, and insight for overall human resource strategy. The Company has determined that she will be the right person to promote the diversity and strengthen human resource development of the Sapporo Group.
Mr. Oohira has substantial knowledge and experience in overall corporate management, having long-standing experience in the engineering department of an operating company, and having served as the person in charge of a corporate planning department, production technology department, research and development department, and supply chain management department. The Company has determined that he will be the right person to promote the broad supply chain system and the research and development of the Sapporo Group.
              63

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Corporate Governance
  Name
  Reasons for appointment
   Seiji Ubukata
Shizuka Uzawa
Outside Director
Mackenzie Clugston
Outside Director
Shuji Fukuda
Outside Director
Mr. Ubukata has substantial experience, a rich track record, and great insight in overall corporate strategy, having been in charge of human resources and the sales and marketing departments at operating companies, and having served as the president of Sapporo U.S.A., Inc.
The Company has determined that he will be the right person to formulate and promote the Sapporo Group’s growth strategies as well as its global strategies.
Mr. Uzawa has a wealth of experience, a rich track record, and great insight as the president of a holding company as well as extensive insight in the treasury and corporate management fields. Based on this experience, Mr. Uzawa offers pertinent opinions and advice to the Company’s Board of Directors from his objective standpoint, independent of the management team engaged in executing the operations of the Company. The Company has determined that he will contribute greatly to the corporate governance of the Company in such areas as the strengthening of the Group’s management structure.
Mr. Clugston has extensive insight in the fields of diplomacy and trade in North America and Southeast Asia where the Company is pursuing business development. Based on that wealth of experience, a rich track record, and great insight, Mr. Clugston can offer pertinent opinions and advice to the Board of Directors of the Company from his objective standpoint, independent of the management team engaged in execut- ing the operations of the Company. The Company has determined that he will contribute greatly to the corporate governance of the Company, which is moving forward with global expansion.
Mr. Fukuda has a wealth of experience, a rich track record, and great insight as the president of a business corporation. Based on his experi- ence in overall treasury, human resources, and corporate management fields up to the present, Mr. Fukuda can offer pertinent opinions and advice to the Board of Directors of the Company from his objective standpoint, independent of the management team engaged in executing the operations of the Company. The Company has determined that he will contribute greatly to the corporate governance of the Company in such areas as strengthening of the Group’s management structure.
              2 Group Operating Officers
The president controls business execution across the entire Group based on the resolutions of the Board of Directors. The Group operating officers, under the direct authority of the president, control business execution in the main business segments.
3 Audit & Supervisory Board
Sapporo Holdings Ltd. uses the Audit & Supervisory Board member system, in which Audit & Supervisory Board members, who are completely independent from the Board of Directors, audit the job performance of directors from an independent standpoint.
About Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Sapporo Holdings has four Audit & Supervisory Board members, two of whom are independent outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. Both independent outside Audit & Supervisory Board members have submitted notification to the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Sapporo Securities Exchange of their independent auditor status as stipulated by the exchange regulations. The independent outside Audit & Supervisory Board members audit the duties executed by the directors from an objective and neutral standpoint, and offer input where fitting to preserve the propriety and appropriateness of decisions by the directors. Similarly, the independent outside Audit & Supervisory Board members are expected to provide input where needed during discussions on proposals and fulfill their roles to secure sound management.
Reasons for appointment of directors
    Name
Reasons for appointment
   Toshio Mizokami
Tetsuo Seki
Junya Sato
Kazuo Sugie
Mr. Mizokami has gained substantial knowledge and experience from working in accounting and finance departments. He has also served as a director and as an executive Group operating officer of the Company, and has a wealth of experience, a rich track record, and great insight. The Company has therefore determined that Mr. Mizokami will audit the performance of duties by directors from an objective and fair perspective.
Mr. Seki has developed strong insight into the finance and accounting fields from having served as the person in charge of the accounting and finance departments of a business corporation. He also has a wealth of experience, a rich track record, and excellent insight as president of a financial institution. The Company has therefore determined that Mr. Seki will audit the performance of duties by direc- tors from an objective and fair perspective.
Although Mr. Sato has not been directly involved with the management of a company, he has a deep well of experience working as an outside director or auditor at companies with which he has been associated. In addition, as a lawyer, he has specialized knowledge regarding corporate and general law. The Company has therefore determined that Mr. Sato will audit the performance of duties by directors from an objective and fair perspective.
Mr. Sugie possesses strong insight based on a wealth of experience, and a wide breadth of knowledge and information gained as presi- dent of a business corporation. The Company has therefore determined that Mr. Sugie will audit the performance of duties by directors from an objective and fair perspective.
       Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
    Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  Standards and Policies Regarding Independence of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Sapporo Holdings’ Nominating Committee recommends personnel as candidates for an outside director position provided that they meet the standards for independence set out by financial instrument exchanges that have applied them, and that they have a strong background, track record, and insight into corporate management or certain specialist fields that will enable them to offer accurate proposals and advice on the Company’s management issues. Moreover, outside Audit & Supervisory Board member candidates are required to meet the standards for independence set out by financial instrument exchanges that have applied them.
For details on the Company’s standards for the independence of outside officers, please refer to the separate document Basic Policy on Corporate Governance. https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/en/csr/gri/pdf/basic_governance_approach.pdf
64

Integrated Report 2018
  All of the Company’s outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members satisfy the applicable standards of inde- pendence specified by the financial instruments exchanges and are therefore registered as independent officers with the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Sapporo Securities Exchange.
 Name
  Important concurrent occupations or positions at other organizations
  Policy on independence
  Directors
Shizuka Uzawa
Mackenzie Clugston
Shuji Fukuda
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Junya Sato
Kazuo Sugie
Mr. Uzawa was engaged in business execution at Nisshinbo Holdings Inc. until June 2016. No transactions have or are being made between said company and the Company or its subsidiaries, and the Company has determined Mr. Uzawa is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with shareholders. Accordingly, the Company has determined that Mr. Uzawa is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with the shareholders in light of the “Standards for Independence of Outside Officers” established by the Company.
In September 2016, Mr. Clugston assumed office as a consultant of the Company, and since then, the Company’s management has been receiving advice from him. The annual remu- neration paid to Mr. Clugston was compensation for his advice to the Company manage- ment based on his experience and insight, and such remuneration was ¥5.0 million or less. Accordingly, the Company has determined that Mr. Clugston is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with the shareholders in light of the “Standards for Independence of Outside Officers” established by the Company.
Mr. Fukuda was involved in business execution at Taiheiyo Cement Corporation until March 2018. Currently, although there have been transactions between said company and the Company’s subsidiaries, the amount of such transactions in the most recent business term has been less than 0.1% of either the consolidated revenue of the Company or the consolidated net sales of said company. Accordingly, the Company has determined Mr. Fukuda is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with the shareholders in light of the “Standards for Independence of Outside Officers” established by the Company.
Mr. Sato is currently a lawyer at the law offices of Oku, Katayama & Sato. No transactions have or are being made between said firm and the Company or its subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Company has determined Mr. Sato is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with shareholders. Accordingly, the Company has determined that Mr. Sato is unlikely to have
a conflict of interest with the shareholders in light of the “Standards for Independence of Outside Officers” established by the Company.
Mr. Sugie was involved in business execution at DIC Corporation until March 2015. Although there have been transactions of said company’s products between said company and the Company’s subsidiaries, the amount of such transactions in the most recent busi- ness term has been less than 0.1% of either the consolidated net sales of the Company or the consolidated net sales of said company. Accordingly, the Company has determined Mr. Sugie is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with shareholders. Accordingly, the Company has determined that Mr. Sugie is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with the shareholders in light of the “Standards for Independence of Outside Officers” established by the Company.
    External Executive Director of Japan Finance Corporation
Outside Director of Nichirei Corporation
   Outside Director of KAMEDA SEIKA CO., LTD.
Professor under special tenure program of Kwansei Gakuin University
Outside Director of Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd.
   Chairman and Director of Taiheiyo Cement Corporation
Director of Yakushima Denko Co., Ltd.
               Lawyer at the Law Offices of Oku, Katayama & Sato
Outside Director of Nikki Co., Ltd.
Outside Director of Mitsui Mining & Smelting Co., Ltd.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings, Co., Ltd.
         4 Nominating and Compensation Committees
Although Sapporo Holdings is a Company with Company Auditors, it has also established a Nominating Committee and a Compensation Committee with the goals of increasing transparency with respect to the nomination and remuneration of directors and preserving a sound management structure. The three outside directors and the president and representative director generally comprise the four members of both committees, while the committee chair of each committee is selected from the outside directors. However, regarding the Nominating Committee, when it recommends Audit & Supervisory Board member candidates, a standing Audit & Supervisory Board member joins the committee, thereby increasing its members to five. Furthermore, when choosing presi- dent and representative director candidates from among Group operating officers, the committee chair will stand in place of the incumbent president and representative director on the committee.
 Nominating Committee
Standing Audit & Independent Supervisory Board
outside directors member
The committee President and chair representative
director
Compensation Committee
Independent outside directors
  The committee chair
President and representative director
65

Corporate Governance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
  5 Outside Director Committee
In December 2015, the Company established the Outside Director Committee. This committee works to share information with the Company’s independent outside officers pertaining to Groupwide management strategies, corporate governance policies, and other matters, thereby fostering and strengthening a mutual understanding.
 Assessment of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Every year, the Company conducts an analysis and assessment of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors based on the self- evaluations of each director. The Company also discloses an overview of the results of the analysis and assessment.
(1) Initiatives in Response to the Results of Board of Directors’ Effectiveness Assessment for Fiscal 2017
In response to the issues identified based on the results of the Board of Directors’ effectiveness assessment for fiscal 2017, we changed restrictions on the format and number of Board materials. In addition, the Company endeavored to create ample opportunities for the provision of the information necessary for decision-making processes, including reports starting from the project evaluation stage, as well as prior explanations as needed. These efforts were undertaken with the aim of ensuring constructive discussions based on medium- to long-term policies and the direction of management strategies. In order to achieve the goals of the Medium-Term Management Plan, both inside and outside directors attended off-site meetings other than Board meetings. In doing so, a wide range of opinions could be exchanged and discussed based on issues raised and points of improvement suggested by outside directors for use in future business execution plans.
(2) Results of Board of Directors’ Effectiveness Assessment for Fiscal 2018
With respect to the Board of Directors’ effectiveness assessment for fiscal 2018, in continuation of similar practices in fiscal 2017, all directors underwent an anonymous survey. In consideration of the results of this survey, the Board of Directors held a discussion at a Board meeting in December 2018 with the aim of ascertaining the current state of affairs and recognizing current issues.
In that discussion it was determined that the Board of Directors was effective as a whole, and functioning properly in terms of its composition, operations, roles and responsibility, provision of information to outside directors, and utilization of the advisory committee.
By means of an evaluative comparison with the results of the fiscal 2017 assessment and other similar activities, necessary actions regarding execution of the Medium- to Long-Term Management Vision and the Medium-Term Management Plan were shared and confirmed—specifically the necessity to continue deepening the discussions regarding both the direction of corporate strategy and achieving plan goals from a broader perspective, as well as the need to maintain continuous awareness of ongoing progress.
Through the resolution of acknowledged issues and the implementation of continuous assessments that make use of appropriate methods, the Company is making an effort to further improve the effectiveness of its Board of Directors.
Compensation for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Compensation for directors is decided within remuneration limits set by the General Meeting of Shareholders. Compensation consists of a base salary for each director, determined by the duties performed, and that may, based on predetermined criteria, be adjusted in line with job performance in the previous fiscal year. Compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board members is also decided within remuneration limits set by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and consists of a base salary for each Audit & Supervisory Board member calculated in accordance with standards decided by the Audit & Supervisory Board.
The compensation amounts in 2018 were as follows.
Directors (including outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board members (including outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Total (including outside officers)
10 (4) 189 (28)
4 (2) 49 (19)
14 (6) 238 (47)
 Classification
  Payment recipient
  Payment amount (Millions of yen)
        Notes: 1. The Company had nine directors and four Audit & Supervisory members as of December 31, 2018.
2. Figures include one director who resigned mid-term.
3. Payment amounts to directors do not include employee-portion salaries
4. At the 93rd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 30, 2017, it was determined that director remuneration amounts should not exceed ¥500
million. This figure includes a limit of ¥50 million for outside directors, but does not include salaries in instances where employees serve as directors.
5. At the 83rd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 29, 2007, it was determined that Audit & Supervisory Board member remuneration
amounts should not exceed ¥84 million.
In addition to the abovementioned payment amounts, Sapporo Holdings has introduced a performance-linked, stock-based com- pensation system (Board Benefit Trust, or BBT) for directors (excluding outside directors), and contributed ¥446 million (over three business years) in accordance with the officer stock benefit rules stipulated by the system. The system is separate from the above- mentioned directors compensation, in accordance with a resolution of the 92nd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 30, 2016. The system applies to Group operating officers of the Company, including directors (excluding outside directors), and some of the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, with the total number as of December 31, 2018 being 27 persons.
66

Integrated Report 2018
  6 Internal Audits
Under instructions from the president, Sapporo Holdings has established an Audit Department as an internal auditing organization independent of the executive chain of command. The Audit Department performs internal audits across the entire Group, including operating companies and their subsidiaries. The Audit Department and the Audit & Supervisory Board members meet regularly to exchange views on the results of the internal audits, the status of internal control, and other related matters. The internal audit report of the Audit Department is read by the Audit & Supervisory Board members as part of the information that they share.
Upgrading the Internal Control Systems
To ensure thorough implementation of the basic policies decided by the Board of Directors and carry out ongoing development and strengthening of systems across the entire Group, the Board of Directors takes responsibility for appointing directors with specific responsibilities and promoting specific measures. Moreover, the Guidelines on the Construction of Internal Control Systems at Sapporo Group have been enacted to set out specific matters in relation to internal control systems at the Group, and these guide- lines are used to confirm the level of progress being made in individual measures and to promote collaboration.
Risk Management
Sapporo Holdings manages risks relating to itself and its subsidiaries and prepares crisis management measures. To achieve a more robust risk management structure for the entire Group, the Company has formulated basic policies and management systems for Group risk management, as well as crisis management regulations. Specifically, Sapporo Holdings and its subsidiaries upgrade and develop systems for managing risks associated with important decisions made during business execution or risks inherent to it, and systems for managing crisis situations that may arise. These efforts are governed by the basic policies for the development of internal control systems.
Compliance
The Group has set out the Sapporo Group Code of Business Conduct to provide a solid set of ethical guidelines for the conduct
of all executives and employees. The Group Risk Management Committee has created a Groupwide compliance system and estab- lished a Whistle-Blower’s Hotline and Helpline to help with prevention and early detection of misconduct, with the General Affairs Department serving as secretariat. In addition, the Audit Department, which is an internal auditing body that is independent of the executive chain of command, audits the general business operations of Sapporo Holdings and its subsidiaries to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, and internal rules.
 Strategic Holding of Shares
(1) Policy on Strategic Holding of Shares
The Company operates such businesses as alcohol and non-alcoholic beverages, food, and real estate, which are closely connected with its customers’ lifestyles, and believes it to be necessary—in terms of business strategy—to have cooperative relationships with many different companies along its supply chain, ranging from development to procurement, manufacturing, logistics, and sales. Based on this viewpoint, the Company may in some cases own strategically-held shares if, after comprehensively considering the state of such cooperative relationships, the Company finds that doing so would help raise corporate value over the medium-to-long term. The Board of Directors will regularly verify every year whether the Company’s strategically-held shares are appropriately owned and managed in accordance with its strategic holding policy. As a result of the above-mentioned verification, the Company’s strategically- held shares that are not deemed to meet its strategic holding policy will be reduced.
(2) Details of Verification Pertaining to Strategically-Held Shares
In fiscal 2018, the Board of Directors verified whether the Company’s strategically-held shares were being appropriately retained and managed in accordance with its strategic holding policy from the viewpoints of objectives, risks, returns, and capital efficiencies, etc. As a result of the verification, the Company decided to sell a portion of strategically-held shares and sold such portion in a timely and appropriate manner.
(3) Exercise of Voting Rights Pertaining to Strategically-Held Shares
In the exercise of voting rights pertaining to strategically-held shares, the Company will comprehensively weigh the pros and cons from a medium- and long-term perspective, taking into consideration the Company’s holding policy and the common interests of the shareholders in the investments. Regarding the contents of agenda and other issues pertaining thereto, the Company will, whenever necessary, have dialogues with the invested companies.
67

Risk Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
  Basic Policy on Risk Management
Sapporo Holdings is working to conduct sound corporate management and improve corporate value in a sustainable manner by strengthening Groupwide risk and crisis management structures. In addition, the Company recognizes the pos- sibility of new risks occurring as it promotes strategies aimed at realizing the Sapporo Group Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150.” Accordingly, the Company and its subsidiaries are carrying out appropriate risk and crisis management. In particular, the Company is focusing on the following three tasks.
• Preventing the loss of life and maintaining safety • Pursuing quality • Thoroughly implementing compliance Risk Management Structure
 The Sapporo Group has established a structure for managing risks inherent in the decision-making and business execu- tion processes that are essential for carrying out its operations. The Group has also set up a crisis management structure for times of emergency. The Group will draw on these structures to put into motion a PDCA cycle.
      Operating companies, subsidiaries, and affiliated companies
  Manage risks inherent in the decision-making and business execution processes essential for carrying out operations
Declare states of emergency when they occur and identify issues that have the potential to cause a state of emergency
 Crisis management organization of operating companies, etc.
      Sapporo Holdings (SH)
  Management Council and Secretariat to Group Management Strategy Council (SH General Affairs Department)
  Manage risks related to the decision-making process for individual agenda items
 Manage risks involved with the business execution process through monthly forecasts
    Management Council
Group Management Strategy Council
 Business Strategy Council
Secretariat to Group Risk Management Committee (SH General Affairs Department)
Crisis management
 Group Risk Management Committee
   SH president and representative director
SH Board of Directors
  SH Audit & Supervisory Board
          Major Business-Related Risks
   Risk
Details
Measures
       The strengthening of legal regulations, such as the Liquor Tax Act, or the introduction of new regulations, could restrict business operations. Consequently, the Group could incur new expenses.
      Laws, regulations, and tax systems
Litigation could be brought against the Group in terms of issues pertaining to the Product Liability Act, intellectual property laws, tax laws, or other regulations.
      The Group’s overseas business activities are subject to a variety of factors that could have a negative impact on operating results.
    In the event that market interest rates rise or the Group’s credit rating is lowered due to a comparatively high ratio of financial liabilities to total assets, the Group could become weighed down by financial burden and face adverse conditions for procuring funds.
          Fluctuations in foreign currency translations and market interest rates
• Maintain constant watch over the Liquor Tax Act and other related regulations in order to keep up to date on their status, and respond proactively.
• Ensure proper understanding of and thorough compliance with laws and regulations through in-house training on legal affairs.
• Establish a response system to litigation supported by specialized lawyers able to provide accurate advice and support for each legal field.
• Gather and disseminate information related to laws and regulations of each country and region where we conduct overseas business.
• Carry out currency forward transactions, interest swap transactions, and currency swap transactions so as to limit fluctuation-related risks.
• Engage in market monitoring.
The cost of sales could increase due to a rise in the price of raw materials and supplies.
  68
Risks related to business environment

Integrated Report 2018
     Risk
Details
Measures
     The Group could sustain damage as a result of a large- scale natural disaster or a secondary disaster. This, in turn, could disrupt the supply of products.
      The Group’s overseas business activities are subject to
a variety of factors that could adversely affect operating results.
       Delayed responses to either climate change or social issues could hinder procurement of raw materials.
         Climate change, natural disasters, and infectious diseases
Changes in economic conditions and population movements
Climate change may lead to changes in consumer prefer- ences, which may negatively affect operating results.
Assets under management could drop in value.
A lack of human resources or a drop in quality of work could have a negative impact on operating results.
• Strengthen safety and management systems at offices, commercial complexes, residences, and other facilities under possession.
• Ensure that a distribution network is in place for when a disaster occurs.
• Decentralize risks by dividing portfolio by country.
• Breed and research raw materials that can mitigate cli- mate change risks.
• Select growing areas with consideration given to effects of climate change.
• Collect information from suppliers related to crop condi- tions and cultivation of raw materials.
• Collect information related to disasters and how they will affect transportation of raw materials.
• Develop products to meet changing consumer preferences.
• Gain an understanding of these trends and analyze their effect on business; formulate a response plan and execute.
• Develop products that are appropriate for these shifting trends.
• Monitor entire market.
• Establish strict investment criteria.
• Promote Groupwide utilization of human resources, personnel allocation plans, workstyle reforms, and the employment and flourishment of senior personnel, and redouble business process reengineering (BPR) efforts.
• Establish a complete internal auditing system, and execute appropriate risk assessments.
• Correct understanding of laws and regulations and compliance through legal education and timely internal sharing of legal information.
• Analyze possible society-wide risks and develop preven- tive measures.
• Carry out continuous simulation training of related risks.
• Optimize distribution costs based on changing conditions while complying with all relevant laws and regulations.
• Form a network of production and distribution points.
• Diversify transportation methods to include cooperative transportation.
• Improve logistical literacy.
• Build and update information management systems. • Carry out thorough internal and outsourced auditing. • Promote thorough employee training.
• Implement appropriate security measures for information management systems, and incorporate advanced surveil- lance handled by security specialists.
• Implement measures to ensure stable information man- agement systems, including operation at secure data centers, constant network monitoring, and a protocol for system and data backups.
• Maintain thorough management over hardware and software licensing life cycles.
• Expand business activities into other business fields and overseas regions.
• Implement monitoring and appropriate risk assessments.
• Maintain vigorous management over scheduling and progress.
• Formulate a long-term real estate investment plan.
         An economic downturn and other changes in macroeco- nomic trends could cause a drop in shipments of major products or cause unit prices to decline, which could in turn have an adverse effect on operating results.
     Changes to living trends including lifestyles, consumer tastes, and distribution channels could cause a drop in shipments of major products or cause unit prices to decline, which could in turn have an adverse effect on operating results and revenue.
                     A lack of respect for diversity or underutilization of diverse human resources could cause work conditions to deteriorate, which, if not dealt with in a timely manner, could have an adverse effect on operating results.
   Governance
Failure to operate according to the Guidelines on the Construction of Internal Control Systems at Sapporo Group could cause confusion in organizational management, which could have a negative effect on operating results.
       Ineffective governance of overseas Group companies or ineffective monitoring of these companies from Group headquarters could adversely affect operating results.
   Compliance
When producing and providing products and services, there is a possibility that legal violations and compliance violations may occur if the laws and regulations required for each business are not thoroughly understood and if such knowledge is not continuously reinforced.
     Stable provision of products and services
If situations arise related to product and service safety that exceed the scope of our quality assurance efforts,
or if a new, quality-related problem affects the whole of society, this may affect operating results due to a suspen- sion of sales, product recalls, or a cessation of operations.
        A lack of drivers or a rise in distribution costs could cause costs to rise and lead to lost opportunities throughout the supply chain, which could affect operating results.
   Leaks of personal information could result in higher expenses due to claims for damages or loss of trust, affecting operating results.
       Information leaks and information management systems
The loss, leak, or falsification of information, as well as a suspension or interruption of information management systems caused by computer viruses, unauthorized access and other security breaches, or by natural disasters, could have a negative impact on operating results.
   Dependence on specific business fields
Due to the high reliance on the domestic performance
of the Alcoholic Beverages business segment, a decline in sales in the domestic market may adversely affect operat- ing results.
   Business and capital alliances
The deterioration of the business operations of an alliance partner or investee could have a negative impact on operating results.
   Capital investments
Schedule delays, investment budget overruns, and other factors could adversely affect operating results.
                 69
Risks related to business environment Risks related to business execution

         Tsutomu Kamijo Chairman and Director
(January 6, 1954)
Apr. 1976 Mar. 2001
Mar. 2007
Mar. 2009
Mar. 2011
Jan. 2017 Mar. 2019
Joined the Company
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Sales Planning Department, of Sapporo Beverage Co., Ltd. Director (Member of the Board), Director of Corporate Planning Department of the Company
Managing Director (Member of the Board) of the Company
President of Sapporo Beverage Co., Ltd.
President of the Company and CEO of the Group Chairman and Representative Director
Chairman and Director (up to the present)
Apr. 1982 Oct. 2006
Mar. 2009 Mar. 2010
Mar. 2013
Mar. 2015 Jan. 2017 Mar. 2017
Joined the Company
Director, Tokyo Headquarters Office,
Tokyo Metropolitan Area Sales and Marketing Division of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Operating Officer, Director of Hokkaido Sales & Marketing Division of Sapporo Breweries Limited Director (Member of the Board) and Managing Officer, Director of Marketing Department of
Sapporo Breweries Limited
President and Representative Director of
Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director (Member of the Board) and
Group Operating Officer of the Company
Group Operating Officer of the Company
President and Group Operating Officer of the Company President and Representative Director of the Company (up to the present)
Joined the Company
Director of Engineering Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Operating Officer and Director of Chiba Brewery of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director (Member of the Board) and Operating Officer, Director of Corporate Planning Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director (Member of the Board),
Managing Executive Officer, Director of Research
and Development Headquarters of
POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board) and Managing Executive Officer of POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Research & Development Division of the Company
(up to the present)
Joined Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development Canada
Consul General of Canada in Osaka
Minister, Embassy of Canada in Japan
Ambassador of Canada to the Republic of Indonesia, to the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste and to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Canada to Japan
Consultant of the Company
Outside Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)
Apr. 1986 Oct. 2006
Nov. 2009
Mar. 2015
Mar. 2016
Mar. 2018 Mar. 2019
Joined the Company
Director of Strategic Planning Department, Hokkaido Headquarters, of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director (Member of the Board) of POKKA CORPORATION (currently POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.)
Director (Member of the Board) and Managing Executive Officer of POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Corporate Finance and Business Management Department of the Company
Director, Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd.
(up to the present)
Managing Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)
Apr. 1988 Mar. 2013
Mar. 2014 Mar. 2016
Joined the Company
Director of Human Resources and General Affairs Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited Director of Human Resources Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Human Resources Department of the Company (up to the present)
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2006
Mar. 2011 Sept. 2012
Mar. 2016
Mar. 2017 Mar. 2019
June 1982
Aug. 2000 Aug. 2003 Aug. 2009
Nov. 2012
Sept. 2016 Mar. 2018
Apr. 1987 Sept. 2008 Mar. 2009 Mar. 2012
Oct. 2014 Mar. 2015
Mar. 2019
Joined the Company
Vice President of SAPPORO U.S.A., INC.
President of SAPPORO U.S.A., INC.
Director of Human Resources and General Affairs Department of the Company
Director of Group Human Resources and General Affairs Department of Sapporo Group Management Ltd. Director of Human Resources Department and Business Planning Department of the Company
Senior Operating Officer, Director of Hokkaido Sales & Marketing Division and Representative of Hokkaido Head Office of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director (Member of the Board) of the Company
(up to the present)
Joined Onoda Cement Co., Ltd.
(currently Taiheiyo Cement Corporation)
Director, Managing Executive Officer and General Manager of Human Resources Department, of
Taiheiyo Cement Corporation
President and Representative Director of
Taiheiyo Cement Corporation
Chairman and Director of Taiheiyo Cement Corporation (up to the present)
Outside Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Group Operating Officers
 As of March 28, 2019
Board of Directors
Masaki Oga
President and Representative Director
(December 2, 1958)
Shinichi Soya Managing Director
(September 20, 1963)
         Mayumi Fukuhara Director
(April 2, 1964)
Yasuyuki Oohira Director
(March 25, 1961)
Seiji Ubukata Director
(November 1, 1964)
         Shizuka Uzawa
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
(January 30, 1946)
Apr. 1969 June 2001 June 2009 June 2013 Mar. 2015 June 2016
Joined Nisshinbo Industries, Inc.
(currently Nisshinbo Holdings Inc.)
Director (Member of the Board), Chief of Accounting and Finance Division of Nisshinbo Industries, Inc. President and Representative Director of
Nisshinbo Holdings Inc.
Chairman and Representative Director of
Nisshinbo Holdings Inc.
Outside Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)
Advisor of Nisshinbo Holdings Inc.
Apr. 1974 Aug. 2010
Apr. 2012 Apr. 2018 Mar. 2019
Mackenzie Clugston
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
(June 19, 1950)
70
Shuji Fukuda
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
(December 20, 1951)

Integrated Report 2018
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
      Toshio Mizokami
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(April 16, 1959)
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2008
Mar. 2011 Mar. 2012
Sept. 2013 Mar. 2014
Mar. 2016
Mar. 2017 Mar. 2019
Apr. 1982
Oct. 1990 Apr. 2011 Mar. 2012
Joined the Company
Director of Accounting & Finance Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Managing Officer, Director of Accounting & Finance Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director of Accounting & Finance Department
of the Company
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Group Accounting & Finance Department of Sapporo Group Management Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board) of Sapporo Group Management Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Corporate Finance and Business Management Department,
of the Company
Managing Director (Member of the Board)
of the Company
President and Representative Director of
Sapporo Group Management Ltd.
Executive Group Operating Officer of the Company Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (up to the present)
Registered as a lawyer (Daiichi Tokyo Bar Association) Joined the Law Offices of Furness, Sato & Ishizawa (currently the Law Offices of Oku, Katayama & Sato) (up to the present)
Registered as a lawyer in the state of New York Vice Chairman of Daiichi Tokyo Bar Association Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (up to the present)
Apr. 1963 June 1993
Mar. 2007 Oct. 2007 Oct. 2008 June 2015 Mar. 2016
Joined Yawata Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (currently NIPPON STEEL & SUMITOMO METAL CORPORATION)
Director (Member of the Board) of Nippon Steel Corporation (currently NIPPON STEEL & SUMITOMO METAL CORPORATION)
Outside Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (until September 2008)
Chairperson of the Japan Audit & Supervisory Board Members Association
President and Representative Director of The Shoko Chukin Bank, Ltd.
Honorary Advisor of The Shoko Chukin Bank, Ltd. (up to the present)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (up to the present)
Joined Dainippon Ink and Chemicals, Inc. (currently DIC Corporation)
Director of Dainippon Ink and Chemicals, Inc. Representative Director, President and CEO of DIC Corporation
Chairman of the Board of DIC Corporation Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (up to the present)
Senior Advisor of DIC Corporation
Group Operating Officers
Hideya Takashima Executive Group Operating Officer
President and Representative Director, Sapporo Breweries Limited
Yoshihiro Iwata Executive Group Operating Officer
President and Representative Director, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
Yuichiro Miyake Executive Group Operating Officer
President and Representative Director, Sapporo Lion Limited
Hiroshi Tokimatsu Executive Group Operating Officer
President and Representative Director, Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd.
Hirofumi Kishi Group Operating Officer
President and Representative Director, Sapporo Group Management Ltd.
Yasuhiro Hanazawa Group Operating Officer
President & CEO
SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD.
Tetsuo Seki
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(July 29, 1938)
      Junya Sato
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent Officer)
(May 4, 1953)
Kazuo Sugie
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent Officer)
(October 5, 1945)
Aug. 1970
June 2001 Apr. 2009
Apr. 2012 Mar. 2013
Mar. 2015
  71
  
Eleven-Year Summary of Financial and Non-Financial Data
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
      For the Year:
Net sales / Revenue
Including liquor tax
Excluding liquor tax
Profit from operations before non-recurring items*1
Operating profit before goodwill amortization
Operating profit
EBITDA*2
Profit before tax
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Capital expenditures (cash basis)
Depreciation
Goodwill amortization
Cash flows from operating activities
Free cash flow
At Year-End:
Total assets
Net assets / Total equity
Net financial liabilities*3
Other Indicators:
Overseas sales ratio / overseas revenue ratio (excluding liquor tax)
Operating profit to net sales / Operating profit to revenue
Excluding liquor tax; before goodwill amortization
Excluding liquor tax
Net debt-to-equity ratio (times)
Equity ratio
ROE (before goodwill amortization)
2008
414,558
284,411
—
15,552
14,685
37,157
—
7,640
27,342
21,604
867
22,291
39,147
527,286
116,862
166,758
8.8%
5.5%
5.2%
1.4
22.1%
7.0%
2009
387,534
264,604
—
13,922
12,895
36,469
—
4,535
21,909
22,546
1,027
12,454
(19,773)
506,874
118,590
190,406
8.5%
5.3%
4.9%
1.6
23.4%
4.7%
3.9%
3.5
3,895
—
—
—
2010
389,244
269,874
—
16,575
15,403
39,080
—
10,772
19,801
22,504
1,172
27,431
24,837
494,798
126,645
167,944
9.4%
6.1%
5.7%
1.3
25.3%
9.8%
8.9%
7.6
3,983
—
—
—
2011
449,452
336,837
—
21,994
18,883
46,476
—
3,164
13,422
24,482
3,110
22,313
(28,578)
550,784
124,775
209,963
11.0%
6.5%
5.6%
1.7
22.4%
5.1%
2.5%
6.2
6,649
—
—
—
                                                          ROE 6.3%
  Interest coverage ratio*4 (times)
Number of employees*5 (people)
Groupwide ratio of women in management positions*5, 6
Groupwide CO2 emissions*7 (kt)
Domestic Groupwide water use*8 (1,000 m3)
6.0
3,858
—
—
—
          *1 Profit from operations before non-recurring items is calculated as revenue – cost of sales – selling, general and administrative expenses
*2 Under JGAAP, EBITDA is calculated as operating profit + depreciation + goodwill amortization. Under IFRS, however, EBITDA is calculated as profit from operations
before non-recurring items + depreciation (excluding depreciation expenses on leased assets charged on the rent of restaurants).
*3 Net financial liabilities include commercial papers, but do not include the balance of leased liabilities.
*4 Interest coverage ratio is calculated as operating cash flow divided by interest payment.
*5 As of December 31 of each period.
*6 Percentage of women in management positions at domestic and overseas Group companies.
72

  2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
  2018
     492,490 509,834 518,740 533,748 541,847 536,585
 521,856
  379,792 395,377 401,813 418,319 424,059 406,810
 398,745
  — — — — — 17,445
   14,409
 18,294 19,329 18,493 18,103 24,188
14,414 15,344 14,728 13,950 20,267
12,806
 10,828
  44,099 44,388 42,974 42,327 46,529 44,479
 40,391
  — — — — — 11,538
 9,492
  5,393 9,451 340 6,108 9,469 7,187
 8,521
  53,870 13,768 19,133 20,339 21,809 15,253
 23,036
  25,805 25,058 24,481 24,224 22,341 27,034
   25,981
 3,879 3,985 3,764 4,153 3,920 —
—
  29,618 32,861 22,284 35,265 32,570 33,794
 30,830
  (29,867) 19,593 5,055 25,510 4,984 15,921
 12,103
        597,636 616,752 625,439 620,388 626,351 664,731
   639,692
 134,946 155,366 160,004 163,822 166,380 175,710
164,735
  247,891 236,275 237,775 224,310 227,553 221,363
 218,358
        14.1% 18.3% 19.2% 22.6% 20.5%
 22.4%
 22.7%
     4.8% 4.9% 4.6% 4.3% 5.7%
3.8% 3.9% 3.7% 3.3% 4.8%
3.1%
 2.7%
  1.8 1.5 1.5 1.4 1.4 1.3
 1.3
  22.1% 24.6% 25.0% 25.5% 25.7% 25.9%
   25.2%
 7.3% 9.5% 2.7% 6.5% 8.4%
4.2% 6.7% 0.2% 3.9% 5.9%
4.4%
 5.1%
  8.4 11.9 8.9 14.8 14.9 14.6
 14.0
  7,264 7,434 7,014 7,484 7,858 7,902
   7,904
 — — — 8.1% 7.6% 8.1%
8.8%
  — 259.1 239.3 263.7 263.1 255.4
   — 6,861 6,492 6,498 6,500 6,409
       The Sapporo Group has voluntarily applied International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), beginning in fiscal 2018. For comparison, IFRS has also been applied to figures from fiscal 2017. Furthermore, figures prior to fiscal 2017 have been rounded down to the nearest specified unit. Figures from fiscal 2017 onward have been rounded up or down to the nearest unit.
 Integrated Report 2018
  Millions of yen
  JGAAP
IFRS
  *7 In Japan, uses figures are based on periodic reports submitted in accordance with the Act on Rationalizing Energy Use. Applicable to Sapporo Breweries, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage, Pokka Create, Sapporo Lion, and Sapporo Real Estate. Applicable to production facilities of overseas Group companies (2013–2014: 4 companies, 2015–2017: 6 companies). Amounts totaled from April to March of the following year.
*8 Applicable to Sapporo Breweries, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage production facilities, Sapporo Lion, and Sapporo Real Estate. Amounts totaled from April to March of the following year.
73

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The Sapporo Group has chosen to adopt International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) from fiscal 2018. Accordingly, financial figures for the previous fiscal year have been reclassi- fied based on IFRS for comparison. Although reporting seg- ments for the Group have been changed for fiscal 2019, the Management’s Discussion and Analysis for fiscal 2018 has been published based on the Group’s five-segment system.
Business Overview
During the fiscal year under review, the Japanese economy showed signs of a gradual recovery due to a rebound in exports and an improved employment environment. However, natural disasters, such as July’s torrential rains and September’s Hokkaido Eastern Iburi Earthquake, also had a significant impact on the Japanese economy. Global economic conditions, meanwhile, remained clouded by U.S.–China trade frictions, rising interest rates, and political instability in many countries that affect investment.
Conditions in the industries in which the Group conducts operations were as follows.
In the Japanese alcoholic beverages industry, consumers’ well-entrenched preference for cost-cutting has shifted demand prominently to lower-priced products. Overseas, the North American beer market performed at a level lower than that of the previous fiscal year. Conditions in the Asian beer market vary widely depending on the country, but the Vietnamese market has continued to expand. Demand in the domestic soft drinks industry appears to have increased slightly year on year. Meanwhile, in the real estate industry, the office leasing market in the Tokyo metropolitan area continued to benefit from improving vacancy rates and moderate increases in rent levels.
Under these circumstances, in the Japanese Alcoholic Beverages segment, we focused our efforts on strengthening our core brands under the policy of “continuation of strengthening the beer business.” Specifically, the launch of an integrated mar- keting strategy for Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label, one of those core brands, resulted in the fourth consecutive year of sales growth for the brand, despite a decline in overall beer demand. In non-beer growth areas, we continued to build a highly diver- sified product lineup with a focus on high-value-added products in the wine and spirits business.
In the International segment, we continued to strengthen our position in North America’s premium beer market. In Canada, Sleeman Breweries Ltd., continued to engage in aggressive mar- keting activities, while in the United States, Sapporo U.S.A., Inc. and Anchor Brewing Company, LLC worked together to build a new structure to generated synergies and lead to new growth in the North American beer market. In the U.S. soft drinks market, we completed the merger of Country Pure Foods, Inc. and Silver Springs Citrus, Inc. and implemented measures to improve the management of the newly integrated entity. In the Vietnam business, we achieved profitability in fiscal 2018 as a result of various structural reforms.
In the Food & Soft Drinks segment, we continued to focus resources on core brands, investing to expand the lineup of
beverages made from the highest-quality ingredients and our core lemon-based and soup products in Japan.
In the Restaurants segment, we continued to strengthen our operations in Japan by opening new outlets and renovating existing outlets, with the focus on our core GINZA LION and YEBISU BAR outlets. We also closed unprofitable outlets or changed their format in a bid to improve profitability.
In the Real Estate segment, we benefited from high occupancy rates at our rental properties such as Yebisu Garden Place throughout the year. We also made progress with our efforts to improve the appeal of the Ebisu area through urban develop- ment, and made strategic adjustments to our property portfolio. GINZA PLACE, a commercial complex conceptualized as a “base for information dissemination and exchange” again con- tributed to earnings in fiscal 2018.
In terms of the scope of consolidation, the Company had 57 consolidated subsidiaries and two equity-method affiliates as of December 31, 2018.
Consolidated Operating Results
Revenue
Revenue decreased ¥14.7 billion, or 2.7%, year on year, to ¥521.9 billion.
The Japanese Alcoholic Beverages segment showed somewhat mixed results. Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label enjoyed strong sales thanks to brand strengthening efforts, as did Sapporo Chu-hi 99.99 (Four Nines), a new ready-to-drink (RTD) bever- age, due to aggressive investing. On the other hand, shipments of happoshu and new-genre beer fell below levels in previous fiscal years. As a result, segment revenue declined overall. In the International segment, however, we achieved revenue growth
in fiscal 2018, led by sales growth at Canada-based Sleeman Breweries and Sapporo Vietnam Ltd. In the Food & Soft Drinks segment, domestic shipments of lemon-based drinks and foods were higher than in fiscal 2017, but a weak canned coffee market and lower export sales volumes pushed segment sales below the previous year’s level. Segment revenue also decreased year on year in the Restaurants segment, mainly owing to weak sales at our Japanese food outlets in Japan.
   Revenue by Segment
Millions of yen 600,000
500,000 400,000 300,000 200,000 100,000
0
Restaurants Real Estate Other
IFRS
  12,198 24,483 27,569
127,219 79,521
250,867
             74
14 15 16 17 18
Japanese Alcoholic Beverages International Food & Soft Drinks

Operating Profit by Segment / Operating Margin*
Integrated Report 2018
  Operating Profit
Operating profit declined ¥2.0 billion, or 15.4%, year on year, to ¥10.8 billion.
Profits in the Japanese Alcoholic Beverages segment were down year on year, reflecting the drop in revenue noted above. Profits also declined year on year in the International segment as profit growth following structural reforms at Sapporo Vietnam was outweighed by the impairment loss incurred by U.S. subsid- iary Anchor Brewing Company, which saw sales volume fall due to weak demand in its core operating areas, San Francisco and the U.S. West Coast. In the Food & Soft Drinks segment, profit also declined largely due to the falling sales of canned coffee in Japan. We did, however, achieve profit growth in the Real Estate segment, supported by increases in rental income and higher rates of occupancy at core properties.
Liabilities
Total liabilities came to ¥475.0 billion, down ¥14.1 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year, primarily owing to
a decrease in current bonds and borrowings, which offset increases in retirement benefit liability and non-current bonds and borrowings.
Equity
Total equity was ¥164.7 billion, down ¥11.0 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year. This change primarily reflected the payment of year-end dividends and a decrease in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, which offset an increase in profit attributable to owners of parent.
Management Indicators
The current ratio declined 0.5 percentage point, from 72.0% to 71.5%. The decrease reflected a decline in current assets of ¥11.2 billion and a decrease in current liabilities of ¥14.2 billion, due to factors such as a fall in current bonds and borrowings.
The ratio of total equity attributable to owners of parent to total assets decreased from 25.9% in the previous fiscal year to 25.2%. This is due to the decrease in total equity attributable to owners of parent, mainly as a result of the payment of year-end dividends, and a decrease in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, despite an increase in profit attributable to owners of parent.
Return on equity (ROE) was up from 4.4% in the previous fiscal year to 5.1% due to the year-on-year rise in profit attribut- able to owners of parent.
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent / ROE*
 Millions of yen
30,000
20,000
10,000
0
IFRS
%
6
  59
 12,047 4 2.7%
2,027 2 6,711
(3,397) 0 (169) (6,451)
    (10,000) 14 15 16 17 18
(2)
Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Restaurants Real Estate
Operating margin
International Food & Soft Drinks Other Companywide elimination
* Under JGAAP, operating margin is calculated as operating profit before goodwill amortization divided by net sales excluding liquor tax. Under IFRS, operating margin is calculated as operating profit divided by revenue excluding liquor tax.
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Profit attributable to owners of parent increased ¥1.3 billion, or 18.6%, year on year, to ¥8.5 billion.
Financial Position
Assets
Total assets as of December 31, 2018, stood at ¥639.7 billion, down ¥25.0 billion from a year earlier. This decline primarily reflected decreases in other financial assets (non-current) and trade and other receivables, which offset increases in other current assets and in property, plant and equipment.
Millions of yen
12,000
10,000
8,000
6,000
4,000
2,000
IFRS % 12
8,521 10 8
             75
0
Profit attributable to owners of parent
5.1% 6 4
2 0
17 18
ROE
* Under JGAAP, ROE is calculated before goodwill amortization.
14 15 16

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio, calculated as financial liabili- ties divided by total equity, was 1.4 times due to a decline in total equity from the previous fiscal year.
Financial Liabilities (Gross) / D/E Ratio
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities came to ¥14.5 billion, up 4.4%, or ¥0.6 billion, compared with fiscal 2017.
The main cash outflows were ¥22.5 billion for repayment of long-term borrowings and ¥10.1 billion for redemption of bonds. The main cash inflow came from proceeds from issuance of bonds totaling ¥20.0 billion.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
  Millions of yen
250,000 200,000 150,000 100,000
IFRS Times 228,346 2.0
Cash Flows
Millions of yen 40,000
30,000 20,000 10,000
0 (10,000) (20,000)
        1.6 1.2 0.8 0.4
Cash and cash equivalents (collectively, “cash”) totaled ¥10.0 billion as of December 31, 2018, down ¥2.5 billion, or 20.4%, from the previous fiscal year.
The following is an explanation of consolidated cash flows by category and the factors that affected cash flows in each category.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities was ¥30.8 billion, down 8.8%, or ¥3.0 billion, from fiscal 2017.
Major sources of cash inflows included ¥28.5 billion from depreciation and amortization, ¥5.4 billion from impairment losses, and ¥4.2 billion from decrease in trade and other receiv- ables. The largest cash outflow was ¥10.7 billion in income taxes paid.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities was ¥18.7 billion, up 4.8%, or ¥0.9 billion, compared with fiscal 2017.
Major investment outflows included ¥13.6 billion for pur- chase of property, plant and equipment and ¥6.3 billion for purchase of investment securities. The major inflow from invest- ing activities was ¥7.2 billion for proceeds from sale of trust beneficiary rights (investment property).
IFRS 30,830
12,103
(14,521) (18,727)
18
1.4
              50,000
01415161718 0
Financial liabilities (gross) D/E ratio
Analysis of Resources for Capital and Liquidity of Funds
1. Cash Flows
(30,000)
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from financing activities
        76
14
15
16
17
Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flow
 
Integrated Report 2018
  2. Liquidity and Procurement of Funds
The Sapporo Group primarily allocates working capital toward operating expenses, which include production expenses related to pro- duction and sales activities as well as SG&A expenses. In the Alcoholic Beverages and Food & Soft Drinks segments, capital for invest- ment purposes is allocated as capital investments to establish and maintain plants, whereas in the Real Estate segment this capital is put toward property investment. Capital for investment purposes is also allocated to M&A in growth areas such as overseas and new businesses.
The Group has introduced a cash management system (CMS) that enables Sapporo Holdings to centrally manage fund allocation within the Group in Japan. The concentration at the Company of cash flows generated by individual Group companies helps preserve fund liquidity, while flexible and efficient fund allocation within the Group serves to minimize financial liabilities.
The Company strives to secure fund procurement channels and liquidity to ensure that there are sufficient funds to cover present and future operating activities, as well as the repayment of debts and other funding needs. The necessary funds are procured mainly from cash flows from operating activities and loans, primarily from financial institutions.
Outlook for Fiscal 2019
Fiscal 2019 is the third year of both the Sapporo Group Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150” and of the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020. Throughout the year, we will continue our efforts to supply distinctive products and services worldwide in our three core business areas—“Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks”—and to expand contact points with customers as we strive to achieve robust growth in line with these plans.
To secure reliable growth while continuing to nurture and strengthen Group brands, we have decided to restructure our business organization to promote the growth of international business along specific business lines. Accordingly, reporting segments will be reduced from five to three in fiscal 2019, a change that will enable us to strengthen management oversight of each business.
 Overall Forecasts
Fiscal 2019 forecast
Fiscal 2018 result
Difference (%)
Forecast by Segment
Real Estate
548,800
521,856
5.2
12,600 11,300 8,700
10,828 9,492 8,521
16.4 19.0 2.1
12,047 12,100 0.4
 (Millions of yen)
  Revenue
  Operating profit
  Profit before tax
  Profit attributable to owners of parent
      (Millions of yen)
 Revenue
 Operating profit
 Fiscal 2018 result
  Fiscal 2019 forecast
  Difference (%)
  Fiscal 2018 result
  Fiscal 2019 forecast
  Difference (%)
  Alcoholic Beverages
  330,009
346,000
  4.8
3,856
 9,700
  151.5
 Food & Soft Drinks
  161,331
  172,200
  6.7
  1,150
  1,700
  47.8
  24,483 24,600
0.5
 77

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
December 31, 2017 and 2018
Assets
I Current assets
1 Cash and cash equivalents 2 Trade and other receivables 3 Inventories
4 Other financial assets
5 Other current assets
Subtotal
6 Assets held for sale
Total current assets
II Non-current assets
1 Property, plant and equipment
2 Investment property
3 Goodwill
4 Intangible assets
5 Investments accounted for using equity method 6 Other financial assets
7 Other non-current assets
8 Deferred tax assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
* The Company adopted International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) beginning in December 2018. Figures from January 1, 2017 onward have been adjusted to reflect this transition.
Transition date January 1, 2017
10,476 96,574 37,619
9,967 7,386
162,022 359
162,381
151,602 223,595 21,483 10,305 372 79,278 8,921 2,176
497,733
660,114
Millions of yen
2017
12,537 98,325 37,873
9,107 6,914
164,755 —
164,755
151,334 219,658 24,942 13,339 391 78,677 9,309 2,326
499,976
664,731
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
   2018
 9,989
93,340
37,109
4,790
8,316
 153,544
—
 153,544
 152,676
215,522
21,229
12,056
410
70,205
8,526
5,523
 486,148
 639,692
                                                               78

   2018
 35,292
73,863
6,743
1,527
33,905
63,260
 214,591
 154,483
24,495
45,733
11,715
2,991
20,950
 260,367
 474,957
 53,887
40,998
(1,822)
46,065
22,373
 161,501
3,234
 164,735
 639,692
   Liabilities and equity Liabilities
I Current liabilities
1 Trade and other payables
2 Bonds and borrowings
3 Lease liabilities
4 Income tax payable
5 Other financial liabilities 6 Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
II Non-current liabilities
1 Bonds and borrowings
2 Lease liabilities
3 Other financial liabilities
4 Retirement benefit liability 5 Other non-current liabilities 6 Deferred tax liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Equity
1 Share capital
2 Capital surplus
3 Treasury shares
4 Retained earnings
5 Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of parent Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
Transition date January 1, 2017
38,460 75,580 6,609 1,570 33,108 66,424
221,750
165,235 24,623 48,125
8,996
2,689 26,455
276,122
497,872
53,887 40,706 (1,796) 36,315 28,515
157,628 4,613
162,241
660,114
Millions of yen
2017
36,488 80,716 6,533 5,207 33,277 66,590
228,809
153,184 24,295 45,956
6,283
2,621 27,872
260,212
489,021
53,887 40,825 (1,807) 44,491 34,659
172,055 3,655
175,710
664,731
Integrated Report 2018
                                                                                 79

Years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Other operating income
Other operating expenses
Operating profit
Finance income
Finance costs
Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
Profit before tax
Income tax expense
Millions of yen 2017
536,585 373,148
163,437
145,991 1,029 5,669
12,806
1,338 2,626 19
11,538
5,170
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
   2018
 521,856
362,210
 159,646
 145,237
3,009
6,590
 10,828
 1,139
2,494
19
 9,492
 1,772
 7,721
 8,521
(801)
 7,721
 109.40
104.46
                                             Profit       6,367
 Profit attributable to
Owners of parent Non-controlling interests
7,187 (820)
       Profit       6,367
 Basic earnings per share (JPY) Diluted earnings per share (JPY)
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Profit       6,367
92.27 92.25
      Millions of yen 2017
   2018
 7,721
(9,201)
(3,688)
 (12,890)
 (2,765)
(69)
 (2,834)
 (15,724)
 (8,003)
 (6,987)
(1,016)
 (8,003)
    Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total of items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Total of items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Total other comprehensive income, net of tax
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to
Owners of parent Non-controlling interests
8,202 537
8,739
1,032 114
1,146
9,884
16,252
17,183 (931)
16,252
                                     Comprehensive income
    80

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018
Balance as of January 1, 2017
Profit
Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares Disposal of treasury shares Dividends
Share-based payment transactions Transfer to retained earnings Other
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2017
Balance as of January 1, 2017
Profit
Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Dividends       (2,888) (20)
Millions of yen
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
—
1,137 1,137
—
1,137
Other components of equity
Integrated Report 2018
  Share capital
53,887
—
—
53,887
Total equity attributable to owners of parent
157,628
7,187
117 24 —
(2,756)
172,055
Share capital
Capital surplus
40,706
— 1 117
118
40,825
Millions of yen
Non-controlling interests
4,613
(820) (111) (931)
Treasury shares
(1,796)
— (17) 6
(11)
(1,807)
Total equity
162,241
6,367
9,884 16,252 (17) 7
(2,907) 117 — 17
(2,783)
175,710
Treasury shares
cash flow hedges income
(317) 28,832
126 8,195 126 8,195
(3,315) — (3,315)
(191) 33,712
Total
28,515
— 9,996 9,996 — — — —
(3,852) —
(3,852)
34,659
Retained earnings
36,315
7,187 7,187
(2,888) 3,876
989
44,491
Effective portion of net change in fair value of
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
—
537 537
(537) (537)
—
                                            9,996 17,183 (17) 7
— —
            Share-based payment transactions Transfer to retained earnings Other
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2017
Balance as of January 1, 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Issuance of convertible bonds with share
acquisition rights
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners Balance as of December 31, 2018
Balance as of January 1, 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Issuance of convertible bonds with share
acquisition rights
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners Balance as of December 31, 2018
— (24) 17 (26)
3,655
Capital surplus
Millions of yen
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Other components of equity
              Retained earnings
Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total
  53,887
   40,825
  (1,807)
  44,491
  1,137
  (191)
  33,712
  —
  34,659
 8,521
—
  (2,622)
2
(9,200)
(3,688)
(15,508)
—
—
—
8,521
(2,622)
2
(9,200)
(3,688)
(15,508)
  (20)
—
 0
5
—
182
—
  (3,122)
—
(9)
—
 (3,826)
(466)
3,688
3,222
—
173
(15)
(6,947)
—
—
(466)
3,688
3,222
  53,887
  40,998
  (1,822)
  46,065
  (1,485)
  (188)
  24,046
  —
  22,373
                           Total equity attributable to owners of parent
Millions of yen
Non-controlling interests
Total equity
  172,055
   3,655
  175,710
 8,521
 (801)
7,721
(15,508)
(215)
(15,724)
 (6,987)
 (1,016)
(8,003)
(20)
—
(20)
 6
 —
6
182
—
182
 (3,122)
 (8)
(3,130)
(9)
—
(9)
(603)
 603
—
(3,566)
595
(2,972)
  161,501
  3,234
  164,735
                          81

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018
I Cash flows from operating activities
1 Profit before tax
2 Depreciation and amortization
3 Impairment losses
4 Interest and dividend income
5 Interest expenses
6 Share of loss (profit) of investments accounted for using equity method
7 Loss (gain) on sale and retirement of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets
8 Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables
9 Decrease (increase) in inventories
10 Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables
11 Increase (decrease) in accrued alcohol tax
12 Other
Subtotal
13 Interest and dividends received
14 Interest paid
15 Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
II Cash flows from investing activities
1 Purchase of property, plant and equipment
2 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
3 Purchase of investment property
4 Purchase of intangible assets
5 Purchase of investment securities
6 Proceeds from sale of investment securities
7 Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation 8 Purchase of trust beneficiary rights (investment property)
9 Proceeds from sale of trust beneficiary rights (investment property)
10 Payments for loans receivable 11 Collection of loans receivable 12 Other
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
III Cash flows from financing activities
1 Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings 2 Net increase (decrease) in commercial papers
3 Proceeds from long-term borrowings
4 Repayment of long-term borrowings
5 Proceeds from issuance of bonds 6 Redemption of bonds
7 Dividends paid
8 Repayment of lease liabilities
9 Purchase of treasury shares 10 Other
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
IV Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents V Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
VI Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
VII Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Millions of yen 2017
11,538 29,569 3,810
(1,330) 2,397
(19)
719 (1,136)
333 (2,337)
132 (4,253)
39,422 1,383 (2,315) (4,696)
33,794
(10,598) 3,086 (2,499) (2,197) (1,020) 8,278
(11,623) —
— (68)
4,267 (5,499) (17,873)
(3,076) (1,000) 12,500
(12,603) 9,960 (10,083) (2,913) (6,686)
(17) 7
(13,911) 51
2,061 10,476 12,537
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
   2018
 9,492
28,512
5,430
(1,123)
2,368
(19)
(659)
4,209
70
(830)
(1,950)
(2,968)
 42,533
 1,150
(2,197)
(10,657)
 30,830
 (13,581)
1,729
(4,712)
(2,220)
(6,345)
1,455
—
(2,523)
7,239
(139)
4,081
(3,712)
 (18,727)
 (264)
(3,500)
12,000
(22,524)
20,021
(10,068)
(3,133)
(7,038)
(20)
6
 (14,521)
 (130)
 (2,548)
 12,537
 9,989
                            82

Corporate Data (As of December 31, 2018) Corporate Information
Stock Information
Total Number of Authorized Shares
Total Number of Issued Shares
Number of Shareholders
Securities Traded
Shareholder Register Manager
7,904 (Consolidated) 195 (Parent company)
Integrated Report 2018
  Company Name Business
Date of Establishment Head Office
Capital
Fiscal Year-End Date Number of Employees
Major Shareholders
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
Holding company
September 1, 1949
20-1, Ebisu 4-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-8522, Japan
¥53,887 million
December 31 on an annual basis
200,000,000
78,794,298
67,802
Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section Sapporo Securities Exchange (Securities Code: 2501)
Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Breakdown of Shareholders by Investor Type
 Name of Shareholder
  Number of Shares (Thousands)
  Percentage (%)
  2.08% 14.50%
16.27%
24.96%
●Japanese financial institutions ●Japanese individuals
●Japanese corporations
●Foreign institutions and individuals ●Japanese securities firms ●Treasury stock
  The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd., as retirement benefit trust assets
Mizuho Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
Nippon Life Insurance Company
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company
The Norinchukin Bank
Marubeni Corporation
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd., as trustee for Mizuho Bank Ltd.
Retirement Benefit Trust Account re-entrusted by Mizuho Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Taisei Corporation
5,944
3,337
2,237
2,236
1,875
1,649
1,438
1,400
7.62
4.28 3.13
2.87
2.87
2.40
2.11 2.04
1.84
1.79
0.96%
41.23%
32,490 thousand 19,664 thousand 12,816 thousand 11,427 thousand
1,635 thousand 760 thousand
Volume (thousand)
20,000
16,000
12,000
8,000
4,000
    2,442
         1,594
     *1 Shareholding ratios are calculated after deduction of treasury stock (760,011).
*2 The statuses of the above major shareholders are based on the shareholder register.
Trends in Stock Price and Volume
Sapporo Holdings
175
150
125
100
75
0
TOPIX
      2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
0
*1 The stock prices of Sapporo Holdings and TOPIX are indexed with the closing price data of December 2013 set at 100. *2 Stock prices have been adjusted to reflect the impact of the stock consolidation.
83

Corporate Data (As of April 30, 2019)
List of Group Companies
EUROPE
Netherlands
1 SAPPORO EUROPE B.V.
Sale of alcoholic beverages for the entire European region
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
         1
         ASIA & OCEANIA
Vietnam
2 SAPPORO VIETNAM LTD. Manufacture and sale of beer
Singapore
3 POKKA CORPORATION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. Manufacture and sale of beverages
4 POKKA INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD. Sale and marketing of beverages
5 SAPPORO LION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. Operation of restaurants
Alcoholic Beverages
SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED 8 YEBISU WINEMART CO., LTD.
TANOSHIMARU SHUZO CO., LTD.
SAPPORO FIELD MARKETING CO., LTD.
SHINSEIEN CO., LTD.
SAPPORO LION LIMITED 10 NEW SANKO INC.
MARUSHINKAWAMURA INC.
GINRIN SUISAN INC.
SAPPORO EUROPE B.V. 1
8 10 11 9
  6 7
2
345
       Malaysia
 6 POKKA (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. Manufacture and sale of beverages
7 POKKA ACE (M) SDN. BHD. Manufacture and sale of beverages
    SAPPORO U.S.A., INC. 13 ANCHOR BREWING COMPANY, LLC 12 SAPPORO CANADA INC.
SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD. 15 SLEEMAN BREWING COMPANY USA INC.
SAPPORO ASIA PRIVATE LTD.
SAPPORO VIETNAM LTD. 2 SAPPORO VIETNAM DISTRIBUTION QUEBEC LTD.
SAPPORO LION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. 5 KEIYO UTILITY CO., LTD.*
                                                                          84

            Integrated Report 2018
     12 13
JAPAN
8 SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED Manufacture and sale of beer, wine, and other alcoholic beverages
9 POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD. Beverage & food businesses, restaurant business, etc.
10 SAPPORO LION LIMITED Operation of restaurants
11 SAPPORO REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.
Leasing and rental of real estate, real estate development, hotel operation, etc.
Food & Soft Drinks
POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD. POKKA SAPPORO HOKKAIDO LTD. OKINAWA POKKA CORPORATION CO., LTD. POKKA CREATE CO., LTD.
FOREMOST BLUE SEAL, LTD.
PS BEVERAGE LTD.
PUBLIC VENDING SERVICE LTD. STAR BEVERAGE SERVICE CO., LTD. OKINAWA SUN POKKA CO., LTD. IWATA POKKA FOODS CO., LTD. OKINAWA POKKA FOODS CO., LTD. YASUMA CO., LTD.
SHINSYU-ICHI MISO CO., LTD.
POKKA CORPORATION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. POKKA INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.
POKKA ACE (M) SDN. BHD.
POKKA (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
COUNTRY PURE FOODS, INC.
15
14
13
NORTH AMERICA
United States
12 ANCHOR BREWING COMPANY, LLC Manufacture and sale of beer
13 SAPPORO U.S.A., INC. Sale of beer
14 COUNTRY PURE FOODS, INC. Manufacture and sale of chilled beverages
Canada
15 SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD. Manufacture and sale of beer
Real Estate
SAPPORO REAL ESTATE CO., LTD. 11 YGP REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.
TOKYO ENERGY SERVICE CO., LTD.
YOKOHAMA KEIWA BUILDING CO., LTD.
       9
                                THE CLUB AT YEBISU GARDEN CO., LTD.*
Other Companies
SAPPORO GROUP MANAGEMENT LTD. SAPPORO GROUP LOGISTICS CO., LTD. SAPPORO LOGISTICS SYSTEMS CO., LTD. SAPPORO WELLNESS LAB LIMITED
                                                   3 4 7 6 14
* Equity-method affiliates
                  11 other companies
85

 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
20-1, Ebisu 4-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-8522, Japan https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/en/
    Printed in Japan

 Financial Section 2018
Contents
1. Consolidated Financial Statements: P.1~
2. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements: P.10~ 3. Independent Auditor's Report: P.88
 
                        1. Consolidated Financial Statements
(1) Consolidated Financial Statements
i) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As of Note
Assets
Current assets
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
90,063
841,587 334,589 43,188
–
1,384,404 1,376,578
1,943,218
191,405
108,700 3,700
632,987 76,877 49,801
4,383,266 5,767,670
     January 1, 2017
(Transition Date) 2017
December 31, 2018
9,989
93,340 37,109 4,790
–
153,544 152,676
215,522
21,229
12,056 410
70,205 8,526 5,523
486,148 639,692
December 31,
         Cash and cash equivalents
Trade and other receivables
Inventories
Other financial assets
Other current assets 12
8 10,476 12,537
9 96,574 98,325 11 37,619 37,873 10 9,967 9,107
 7,386
 162,022
 6,914
 164,755
 8,316
 153,544
 74,977
 1,384,404
    Subtotal Assets held for sale Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment Investment property
Goodwill
Intangible assets
Investments accounted for using equity method
Other financial assets
Other non-current assets
Deferred tax assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
13 359 –
162,381 164,755 14 151,602 151,334
16 223,595 219,658 15 21,483 24,942 15 10,305 13,339
372 391
10 79,278 78,677 12 8,921 9,309 19 2,176 2,326
497,733 499,976
660,114 664,731
                                The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-1-

                                                  As of Note
Liabilities and equity Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 22 Bonds and borrowings 20 Lease liabilities 21 Income taxes payable
Other financial liabilities 24 Other current liabilities 25 Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds and borrowings 20 Lease liabilities 21 Other financial liabilities 24 Retirement benefit liability 23 Other non-current liabilities 25 Deferred tax liabilities 19 Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities Equity
Share capital
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of parent Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
December 31,
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
318,203
665,976 60,798 13,764
305,703
1,392,868
220,856 412,344 105,627
26,965 188,889 2,347,548 4,282,368
485,859 369,653 (16,425) 415,335 201,721 1,456,143 29,159 1,485,302 5,767,670
     January 1, 2017
(Transition Date) 2017
38,460 36,488
75,580 80,716 6,609 6,533
165,235 153,184
24,623 24,295
48,125 45,956
8,996 6,283
2,689 2,621 26,455 27,872 276,122 260,212 497,872 489,021
53,887 53,887 40,706 40,825
(1,796) (1,807) 36,315 44,491 28,515 34,659
157,628 172,055 4,613 3,655 162,241 175,710 660,114 664,731
December 31, 2018
35,292
73,863 6,743 1,527
154,483
24,495 45,733 11,715
2,991 20,950 260,367 474,957
53,887 40,998
(1,822) 46,065 22,373
161,501 3,234 164,735 639,692
          1,570
 33,108
 66,424
 221,750
 5,207
 33,277
 66,590
 228,809
 33,905
 63,260
 214,591
 570,376
 1,934,820
                                      The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-2-

      ii) Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
4,705,220
3,265,800
1,439,420 1,309,500
27,129 59,416 97,633
10,271
22,489
171 85,586
76,830
(7,219) 69,611
0.99 0.94
    For the fiscal year ended
Revenue Cost of sales Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Other operating income
Other operating expenses
Operating profit
Finance income
Finance costs
Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
Profit before tax
Income tax expense Profit
Profit attributable to Owners of parent Non-controlling interests Profit
Basic earnings per share (Yen or U.S. dollars) Diluted earnings per share (Yen or U.S. dollars)
Note 6, 28
31 31 6
32 32
18
19
35
35
December 31, 2017
536,585
373,148
163,437 145,991
1,029
5,669
12,806 1,338
2,626
19 11,538
7,187
(820) 6,367
92.27
92.25
December 31, 2018
521,856
362,210
159,646 145,237
3,009
6,590
10,828 1,139
2,494
19 9,492
8,521
(801) 7,721
109.40
104.46
                                   5,170
 6,367
 1,772
 7,721
 15,975
 69,611
               The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-3-

iii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
69,611
(82,963)
(33,257) (116,220)
(24,928) (624) (25,552)
(63,000)
(9,161)
(72,161)
    For the fiscal year ended Profit
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Total of items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Total of items that may be reclassified to
profit or loss
Total other comprehensive income, net of tax
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to Owners of parent
Non-controlling interests Comprehensive income
Note
33 33
33 33
December 31, 2017
6,367
8,202 537 8,739
1,032 114 1,146
17,183
(931)
16,252
December 31, 2018
7,721
(9,201)
(3,688) (12,890)
(2,765) (69) (2,834)
(6,987)
(1,016)
(8,003)
                                 9,884
 16,252
  (15,724)
 (8,003)
  (141,772)
 (72,161)
                        The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-4-

                                                          iv) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
      Other
– (317)
1,137 126 1,137 126
– – 1,137 (191)
(Millions of yen)
28,832     – 28,515 – 8,195     537 9,996 8,195     537 9,996 – – – –
components of equity
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
    Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income
    Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
   Total
       Note
Share capital
53,887
Capital surplus
40,706
Treasury shares
(1,796)
Retained earnings
36,315 7,187
7,187
(2,888)
3,876
989 44,491
     Balance as of January 1, 2017
Profit
                             Other comprehensive income
33 Comprehensive income
                               Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
––– 26 (17) 2616
                         Dividends 27
            Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained earnings
Other
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2017
Balance as of January 1, 2017
36 117
                              – 53,887
Total equity Note attributable
to owners of parent
118 40,825
Non- controlling interests
4,613 (820) (111) (931)
–
(11) (1,807)
Total equity
162,241 6,367 9,884 16,252
(17) 7
(2,907) 117 – 17
(2,783) 175,710
(3,315)
(3,315) 33,712
(537) (3,852) –
(537) (3,852) – 34,659
                            157,628 Profit 7,187
        Other comprehensive income
33 9,996 Comprehensive income 17,183
        Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
26 (17)
    26 7 –
    Dividends 27 (2,888) (20)
    Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained earnings
36 117 –
    24 Other –
(24) 17 (26) 3,655
        Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2017
(2,756) 172,055
        The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-5-

                                                                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
(Millions of yen)
        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
    Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income
    Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
   Total
       Note
33
Share capital
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
44,491 8,521
8,521
(3,122)
(3,826) (6,947) 46,065
Other
1,137 (191)
(2,622) 2 (2,622) 2
components of equity
33,712
(9,200) (9,200)
(466)
(466) 24,046
     Balance as of January 1, 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Issuance of convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2018
Balance as of January 1, 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Issuance of convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2018
53,887 40,825 (1,807)
–
(3,688) (3,688)
3,688 3,688 –
34,659
(15,508) (15,508) –
– –
–
– 3,222 3,222 22,373
                                             ––– 26 (20) 2605
                                         182
27 36(9)
– 173 53,887 40,998
(15) (1,822)
Total equity
175,710 7,721 (15,724)
(8,003) (20) 6
182
(3,130) (9) – (2,972)
164,735
– – (1,485) (188)
                                                                 Total equity Note attributable
to owners of parent
172,055 8,521 33 (15,508)
Non- controlling interests
3,655 (801) (215)
                (6,987) (1,016) 26 (20) – 26 6 –
182 –
27 (3,122) (8) 36 (9) – (603) 603 (3,566) 595 161,501 3,234
                                    The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-6-

                                                                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
      Other
10,256 (1,718)
(23,642) 22 (23,642) 22
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) components of equity
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
    Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income
    Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
   Total
       Balance as of January 1, 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Issuance of convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2018
Balance as of January 1, 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Issuance of convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2018
485,859 368,090 (16,289)
303,959
(82,953) (82,953)
(4,202)
(4,202) 216,804
–
(33,257) (33,257)
33,257 33,257 –
312,497
(139,830) (139,830) –
– –
–
– 29,054 29,054 201,721
Note
33
Share capital
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
401,143 76,830
76,830
(28,146)
(34,492) (62,638) 415,335
                                                  ––– 26 (185) 26349
                                         1,645
27
36 (86)
– 1,563 485,859 369,653
(136) (16,425)
Total equity
1,584,259 69,611 (141,772)
(72,161) (185) 52
1,645
(28,222) (86) – (26,795)
1,485,302
– – (13,386) (1,696)
                                                                 Total equity Note attributable
to owners of parent
1,551,300 76,830 33 (139,830)
(63,000) 26 (185)
Non- controlling interests
32,959 (7,219) (1,942) (9,161)
                    – 26 52 –
        1,645
27 (28,146) 36 (86) (5,438) (32,157)
1,456,143
–
(76) –
5,438
5,361 29,159
                        The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-7-

  v) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
85,586 257,074 48,962
(10,127) 21,351
(171)
(5,942)
37,952 635
(7,479) (17,583) (26,762)
383,495 10,368
(19,809) (96,085)
277,970
(122,446) 15,590
(42,489) (20,017) (57,206) 13,119
– (22,748)
65,268
(1,253) 36,799
(33,464) (168,848)
    For the fiscal year ended
Cash flows from operating activities Profit before tax
Depreciation and amortization Impairment losses
Note
December 31, 2017
11,538 29,569 3,810
December 31, 2018
9,492 28,512 5,430
(1,123) 2,368
(19)
(659)
4,209 70
(830) (1,950) (2,968)
42,533 1,150
(2,197) (10,657)
30,830
(13,581) 1,729
(4,712) (2,220) (6,345) 1,455
– (2,523)
7,239
(139) 4,081
(3,712) (18,727)
    Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of loss (profit) of investments accounted for using
equity method
Loss (gain) on sale and retirement of property, plant and
equipment, and intangible assets
Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables
Increase (decrease) in accrued alcohol tax
Other (4,253)
   Subtotal Interest and dividends received
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
(1,330) 2,397
(19)
719
(1,136) 333
(2,337) 132
39,422 1,383
(2,315) (4,696)
33,794
      Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of investment property
Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sale of investment securities
Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change
in scope of consolidation
Purchase of trust beneficiary right (investment property)
Proceeds from sale of trust beneficiary right (investment
property)
Payments for loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Other (5,499)
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
–
(68) 4,267
(17,873)
34 (11,623) –
-8-
(10,598) 3,086
(2,499) (2,197) (1,020) 8,278

(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
(2,383) (31,557)
108,196 (203,079) 180,514
(90,778) (28,249) (63,455)
(185) 52
(130,924) (1,170) (22,973)
113,035 90,063
    For the fiscal year ended Note
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings 34 Net increase (decrease) in commercial papers 34 Proceeds from long-term borrowings 34 Repayments of long-term borrowings 34 Proceeds from issuance of bonds 34 Redemption of bonds 34 Dividends paid
Repayments of lease liabilities 34 Purchase of treasury shares
Other
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 8 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 8
December 31, 2017
(3,076) (1,000)
12,500 (12,603)
9,960 (10,083) (2,913) (6,686) (17)
7 (13,911)
51 2,061 10,476 12,537
December 31, 2018
(264) (3,500)
12,000 (22,524) 20,021 (10,068)
(3,133) (7,038) (20)
6 (14,521) (130) (2,548)
12,537 9,989
                    The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-9-

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Reporting Entity
Sapporo Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a corporation domiciled in Japan. The location of its registered head office and principal place of business is Shibuya-ku, Tokyo. The consolidated financial statements, for which the reporting date is December 31, 2018, comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) and its interests in associates. The nature of the Group’s businesses and the Group’s principal activities are disclosed below in “6. Operating Segments.”
2. Basis of Preparation
(1) Compliance with IFRS
The Group’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) published by the International Accounting Standards Board. The Company meets the requirements to qualify as a “Specified Company Complying with Designated International Accounting Standards” in Article 1-2 of the Regulation on Terminology, Forms, and Preparation Methods of Consolidated Financial Statements and therefore applies the provisions of Article 93 of said regulation.
The Group first adopted IFRS from the fiscal year that began on January 1, 2018. Its date of transition to IFRS is January 1, 2017 (the “Transition Date”). The impact of transition to IFRS on the Group’s financial position, operating results and cash flows on the Transition Date and in the comparable year is disclosed below in “43. First-time Adoption.”
(2) Approval of financial statements
The Group’s consolidated financial statements presented herein were approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on March 28, 2019.
(3) Measurement basis
The Group’s consolidated financial statements were prepared on a historical cost basis with certain exceptions, most notably financial instruments as disclosed in “3. Significant Accounting Policies.”
(4) Presentation currency
The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Japanese yen, the Company’s functional currency, with monetary values rounded to the nearest million yen. For the convenience of the reader, the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 have been translated from Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts at the rate of ¥110.91=U.S. $1.00, the exchange rate as of December 31, 2018.
3. Significant Accounting Policies
(1) Basis of consolidation i) Subsidiaries
    The Group consolidates entities as subsidiaries if it has control over the entity, meaning that it has the right to directly or indirectly determine the entity’s financing and management policies to obtain benefits from the entity’s operations.
In preparing its consolidated financial statements, the Group uses its group companies’ respective financial statements
 prepared as of the same reporting date in conformity with uniform accounting policies. When accounting policies applied by a subsidiary differ from the accounting policies applied by the Group, the subsidiary’s financial statements are adjusted as needed.
Consolidation of investees begins form the date that the Group obtains control of the investee and ceases when the Group loses control of the investee.
Intra-group transactions and any receivable and payable balances and unrealized profits or losses resulting therefrom are eliminated.
Non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries’ net assets are identified separately from the Group’s ownership interest.
When the Group partially disposes of an interest in a consolidated subsidiary while retaining control of the subsidiary, it accounts for the disposal as an equity transaction. In such cases, any difference between the resultant adjustment to non- controlling interests and the fair value of the consideration received is directly recognized in equity as equity attributable to owners of parent.
When the Group loses control of a consolidated subsidiary, it remeasures the retained interest in the former consolidated subsidiary at its fair value at the date when control is lost. Any difference between said fair value and the retained interest’s carrying amount is recognized in profit or loss.
Non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group’s interests. Consolidated
-10-

 subsidiaries’ comprehensive income is attributed to the owners of the parent and to the non-controlling interests even if such attribution results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
 ii) Associates
 Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence, but not control, with respect to financing and operating policies.
The Group accounts for investments in associates using the equity method.
Under the equity method, investments in associates are recognized at cost at the acquisition date and adjusted thereafter for post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of the associate’s net assets, with such adjustments recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
The Group’s share of associates’ profit or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. In the event of a change recognized in an associate’s other comprehensive income, the Group recognizes its share of the change in other comprehensive income.
The Group adjusts its consolidated financial statements to eliminate the Group’s share in any unrealized gains or losses resulting from transactions between itself and associates.
 Associates’ financial statements are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group’s consolidated financial statements and adjusted to harmonize the associates’ accounting policies with the Group’s accounting policies.
If the Group loses significant influence over an associate, its retained investment in the associate is remeasured and recognized at fair value. Any difference between the associate’s carrying amount at the date when significant influence is lost and the sum of any retained investment’s fair value and any proceeds from disposing of an interest in the associate is recognized in profit or loss.
  (2) Business combinations
 Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method.
If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurred, the business combination is accounted for using provisional amounts that are retrospectively adjusted during a measurement period not to exceed one year from the acquisition date.
Cost is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred for the acquiree, measured at fair value at the acquisition date, and the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree.
For each business combination, non-controlling interests in acquirees are measured at either fair value or the equivalent of the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share in the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
Acquisition-related costs associated with business combinations are accounted for as expenses in the periods in which they were incurred.
When the Group acquires a business, it classifies or designates identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the basis of the contractual terms and economic and other pertinent conditions as of the acquisition date. As a general rule, identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured at their acquisition-date fair values.
In business combinations achieved in stages, the Group remeasures its equity interest in the acquiree held before obtaining control of the acquiree at acquisition-date fair value and recognizes the resulting gain or loss in profit or loss or in other comprehensive income.
Goodwill is measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and any amount recognized as a
 non-controlling interest over the net amount of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
If the aggregate of the consideration transferred and amount recognized as a non-controlling interest is less than the net amount of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the resultant gain is recognized in profit.
After initial recognition, goodwill acquired in business combinations is not amortized. It is carried at its cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
  (3) Foreign currency translation
i) Functional currency and presentation currency
  The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Japanese yen, the Company’s functional currency. Companies within the Group determine their own respective functional currencies and measure their transactions in their functional currency.
 ii) Translation of foreign currency transactions
 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency at the applicable spot exchange rate at the transaction date or a rate approximating said spot rate.
 Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated into the functional currency using the applicable spot exchange rate at the end of the reporting period. Any exchange differences arising from said translation or on the
-11-

 settlement of monetary assets/liabilities are recognized in profit or loss. However, exchange differences arising from financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and cash flow hedges are recognized in other comprehensive income.
 iii) Translation of foreign operations
(4) Financial instruments i) Financial assets
(i) Initial recognition and measurement
 Foreign operations’ assets and liabilities are translated into Japanese yen at the spot exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. Their income and expenses are translated into Japanese yen at the applicable spot exchange rate at the transaction date or a rate approximating said spot rate. Any exchange differences arising from said translation are recognized in other comprehensive income.
 On the disposal of a foreign operation, accumulated exchange differences relating to that foreign operation are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the disposal occurred.
     The Group classifies financial assets as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss or at fair value through other comprehensive income or as financial assets measured at amortized cost. It determines financial assets’ classification at initial recognition.
The Group recognizes a financial asset at the transaction date on which the Group became a party to the contractual provisions of the financial asset.
Financial assets are classified as measured at amortized cost if they meet both of the following conditions. Otherwise they are classified as measured at fair value.
 ・ The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows.
・ The financial asset’s contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
 Debt instrument financial assets are classified as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if they meet both of the following conditions. If not, they are classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss.
 ・ The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.
・ The financial asset’s contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
 Among financial assets measured at fair value, the Group designates equity instruments as measured at fair value through profit or loss or measured at fair value through other comprehensive income on an instrument-by- instrument basis and applies the designation on an ongoing basis.
All financial assets except those classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition.
 (ii) Subsequent measurement
After initial recognition, financial assets are measured as follows in accordance with their classification. (a) Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Financial assets measured at amortized cost are measured using the effective interest method. (b) Other financial assets
(iii) Derecognition
(iv) Impairment
For financial assets measured at amortized cost, the Group recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts for
     Financial assets other than those measured at amortized cost are measured at fair value.
Changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at fair value are recognized in profit or loss or in other comprehensive income.
For equity instruments designated as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income and, when they are derecognized or have decreased significantly in fair value, reclassified to retained earnings. Dividends from equity instruments are recognized in profit or loss for the period.
  Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to the benefits therefrom have expired or been transferred or when substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred.
  -12-

 expected credit losses.
At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on its financial assets has increased significantly since initial recognition. If credit risk has not increased significantly, the Group recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts at an amount equal to the 12-month expected credit losses. If credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses.
For trade receivables, contract assets and lease receivables, the Group always recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses.
If an impairment loss previously recognized for a financial asset is reduced by an event subsequent to the impairment loss’s recognition, the Group reverses the previously recognized impairment loss and recognizes the reversal in profit or loss.
 ii) Compound financial instruments
 The liability component of a compound financial instrument is measured at initial recognition at the fair value of a similar liability without an equity conversion option. The equity component is measured at initial recognition at the residual amount after deducting the liability component’s fair value from the fair value of the financial instrument as
 a whole. Direct transaction costs are allocated to the liability and equity components in proportion to their initial carrying amounts.
After initial recognition, the liability component of a compound financial instrument is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The equity component of compound financial instruments is not remeasured after initial recognition.
Interest relating to the liability component of a compound financial instrument is recognized in profit and loss as a finance cost. On conversion of a convertible instrument, the liability component is reclassified to equity, and no gain or loss is recognized.
 iii) Financial liabilities
(i) Initial recognition and measurement
(ii) Subsequent measurement
After initial recognition, financial liabilities are measured as follows in accordance with their classification. (a) Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
(b) Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
(iii) Derecognition
Financial liabilities are derecognized when the obligation has been discharged or cancelled or has expired.
iv) Offsetting of financial instruments
The Group offsets financial assets and financial liabilities and presents the net amount in its Consolidated Statement of Financial Position only when it currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
v) Derivatives and hedge accounting
The Group uses derivatives such as currency forwards and interest rate swaps to respectively hedge currency risk and interest rate risk. These derivatives are initially measured at fair value at their contract inception date and subsequently remeasured at fair value.
Changes in derivatives’ fair value are recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, except that the effective portion of cash flow hedges is recognized in other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.
At the inception of a hedge, the Group formally designates and documents the hedging relationship to which it plans to apply hedge accounting and its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. Said documentation includes the specific hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, and the nature of the risk being hedged and
  The Group classifies financial liabilities as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss or financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. It determines financial liabilities’ classification at initial recognition.
All financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, but financial liabilities measured at amortized cost are measured at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs.
    Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value. After initial recognition, interest expense and changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income to the extent that they are attributable to changes in the Group’s credit risk. Any remaining interest expense and/or changes in fair value are recognized in profit or loss.
  After initial recognition, financial liabilities measured at amortized cost are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Amortization using the effective interest method and gains and losses on derecognition are recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
    -13-

the method of assessing effectiveness of changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. The Group assesses on an ongoing basis whether its hedges are expected to be highly effective in offsetting changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows and whether they have actually been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which the hedge was designated.
Hedges that meet stringent hedge accounting requirements are classified and accounted for as follows in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”).
(a) Fair value hedges
(b) Cash flow hedges
  Changes in derivatives’ fair value are recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. Changes in hedged items’ fair value that are attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and the hedged item’s carrying amount is adjusted accordingly.
  The effective portion of gains or losses on hedging instruments is recognized in other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income; the ineffective portion is immediately recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
 The amounts recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to hedging instruments are reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss. When a hedged transaction results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the amount recognized in other comprehensive income is treated as an adjustment to the asset or liability’s initial carrying amount.
When a forecast transaction or firm commitment is no longer expected to occur or be fulfilled, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in equity through other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or is terminated or exercised without being replaced with or rolled over into another hedging instrument, or when a hedge designation is revoked, any amounts previously recognized in equity through other comprehensive income remain in equity until the forecast transaction occurs or the firm commitment is fulfilled.
 vi) Financial instruments’ fair value
When measuring the fair value of financial instruments traded in an active market as of the reporting date, the Group references publicly quoted market prices and dealer prices.
For financial instruments without an active market, the Group measures the fair value using appropriate valuation techniques.
(5) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term investments maturing within three months of their acquisition date that are readily convertible to cash and subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
(6) Inventories
The cost of inventories includes all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. In measuring cost, the Group mainly uses the gross average method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
(7) Property, plant and equipment
The Group has adopted the cost model to measure property, plant and equipment.
Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
Cost includes any costs directly related to the asset’s acquisition, estimated costs of dismantling and removing the asset and restoring the site on which it is located and any borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.
All property, plant and equipment except land are depreciated on a straight-line basis to systematically allocate their depreciable amount, calculated as cost less residual value as of the reporting date.
Expected useful lives of major classes of property, plant and equipment are as follows. Buildings and structures 2-65 years
Machinery and vehicles 2-17 years
Tools, furniture and fixtures 2-20 years
   -14-

Assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed at each fiscal year-end. Any changes therein are accounted for as a change in an accounting estimate.
(8) Goodwill and intangible assets i) Goodwill
Goodwill is measured at initial recognition as disclosed above under “(2) Business combinations.”
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. It is not amortized.
Goodwill is derecognized when an operation within the cash-generating unit (or group thereof) to which the goodwill has been allocated is disposed of. When the gain or loss on such a disposal is determined, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation.
ii) Intangible assets
The Group has adopted the cost model to measure intangible assets. Intangible assets are carried at their cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.
Separately acquired intangible assets are measured at cost at initial acquisition. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is measured at the asset’s fair value at the acquisition date. All expenditures on internally generated intangible assets except development costs that meet capitalization criteria are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their respective useful lives and tested for impairment whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
Expected useful lives of and amortization methods for intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at each fiscal year-end. Any changes therein are applied prospectively as a change in an accounting estimate.
Expected useful lives of major classes of intangible assets are as follows.
   Software
Customer relationships Other
2-5 years 2-23 years 2-32 years
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are not amortized. They are tested for impairment either separately or as part of a cash-generating unit annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
(9) Leases
The Group has early adopted IFRS 16. (Lessee)
Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of total lease payments that are not paid at the lease commencement date. Right-of-use assets are initially measured at the amount of the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability, adjusted mainly by any initial direct costs and any prepaid lease payments, plus costs including restoration obligations under the lease agreement. Right-of-use assets are systematically depreciated over the lease term.
Lease payments are allocated between finance costs and the principal portion of the lease liability’s remaining balance in a manner that equates the finance costs to a constant periodic rate of interest on the lease liability’s remaining balance. Finance costs are presented separately from depreciation charges on right-of-use assets on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
The Group determines whether a contract is a lease or contains a lease based on the contract’s substance irrespective of whether the contract is in the legal form of a lease.
For leases with an initial term of 12 months or less and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value, associated lease payments are recognized as an expense on either a straight-line basis over the lease term or another systematic basis.
(Lessor)
Leases whereby the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. In operating leases, the lease’s underlying asset is carried on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and lease payments are recognized as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
(10) Investment property
For measuring investment property, the Group has adopted the same cost model it uses to measure property, plant and equipment.
  -15-

Investment property is initially recognized at its cost inclusive of transaction costs. The cost of an investment property includes directly attributable costs, such as professional fees for legal services and property transfer taxes. Costs related to replacing part of an existing investment property are included in the property’s cost when incurred if they meet the asset recognition standard. Costs related to an investment property’s day-to-day servicing are recognized in profit or loss when incurred.
After initial recognition, investment property is measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
Property is transferred to, or from, investment property only when there is a change in use.
Investment property is derecognized on disposal or when it is permanently withdrawn from use and no longer expected to yield any future economic benefits. In such cases, the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the asset’s carrying amount is recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the asset was derecognized.
Investment property’s useful life is mainly in the 2-65 year range.
Investment property’s residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each fiscal year-end. Any changes therein are accounted for as a change in an accounting estimate.
(11) Impairment of assets
i) Impairment of non-financial assets
The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is any indication that any of its assets may be impaired. If any such indication exists and the asset in question is required to be tested for impairment annually, the Group estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. When recoverable amount cannot be estimated for assets individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit to which the assets respectively belong. If a cash- generating unit’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount, the Group recognizes an impairment loss on the cash-generating unit’s assets and reduces the assets’ carrying amount to their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal.
Value in use is measured as the present value of estimated future cash flows, calculated using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset in question.
Fair value less costs of disposal is measured using an appropriate valuation model backed by available fair-value indicators.
Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated, from the acquisition date, to each cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination.
Goodwill, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
ii) Reversals of impairment losses
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that an impairment loss recognized in prior periods for an asset other than goodwill may have decreased or may no longer exist, in cases such as when an assumption used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount has changed. If such an indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit in question. If the re-estimated recoverable amount exceeds the asset or cash-generating unit’s carrying amount, the impairment loss is reversed up to the lower of the measured recoverable amount and the carrying amount (net of amortization or depreciation) that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset or cash-generating unit in prior fiscal years. Reversals of impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss.
Impairment losses recognized for goodwill are not reversed.
(12) Employee benefits
i) Retirement benefits
The Group operates defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans as employee retirement benefit plans.
The Group separately determines the present value of its defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost and past service cost on a plan-by-plan basis using the projected unit credit method.
The discount rate is determined by reference to yields at the end of the period on high quality corporate bonds.
Liabilities or assets related to defined benefit plans are determined as the present value of defined benefit obligations less the fair value of plan assets.
Remeasurements of assets (liabilities) related to defined benefit retirement benefit plans are immediately reflected in retained earnings after being fully recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Past service costs are expensed in the period incurred.
Expenses related to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognized as expenses in the period in which the contributions occurred.
  -16-

ii) Short-term employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are recognized on an undiscounted basis as expenses when employees render the related services. Bonus payments are recognized as liabilities at the amount expected to be paid pursuant to the applicable bonus plan when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to make such payments as a result of past labor provided by employees and the amount of the liability can be reliably estimated.
(13) Share-based payments
The Group has adopted an equity-settled share-based payment plan.
Equity-settled share-based payments are accounted for by measuring the services received, and the corresponding increase in equity, at fair value (of the equity instruments) at the grant date, expensing said fair value over the applicable vesting period and recognizing an equal amount as an increase in equity.
(14) Provisions
Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
Where the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. In measuring present value, the Group uses a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
(15) Contingencies
When the Group has a potential liability at the end of a reporting period but the potential liability does not constitute a measureable obligation at the reporting date or does not meet the recognition criteria for provisions, the potential liability is disclosed in a note as a contingent liability.
Prospective inflows of economic benefits are disclosed in a note when their realization is probable but uncertain at the reporting date.
(16) Revenue
With the exception of rental income accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 and certain other income, revenue is recognized in accordance with the following five-step approach at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer.
Step 1: Identify the contract with a customer.
Step 2: Identify performance obligations in the contract.
Step 3: Determine the transaction price.
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract. Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied.
Based on the identification of performance obligations in contracts with customers in accordance with the above five-step approach, the portion of sales promotion and other expenses that is consideration paid to customers by the Group is deducted from revenue.
Additionally, alcohol taxes are deducted from revenue from transactions in regions in which the Group is involved in alcoholic beverage sales as an agent. Inflows of economic benefits after alcohol taxes are presented as revenue on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
(17) Government grants
Government grants are recognized at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the attached conditions, and that the grants will be received.
Government grants related to income are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
Government grants related to assets are recognized as deferred income that is recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the related asset’s useful life.
     -17-

 (18) Income taxes
Current taxes for current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be paid to (or recovered from) the taxation authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred taxes are accounted for using an asset and liability approach to differences between assets and liabilities’ carrying amount for accounting purposes and their tax base (temporary differences) at the end of the reporting period.
As a general rule, deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences while deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, unused tax credit carryforwards, and tax loss carryforwards to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be available against which the deferred tax assets can be recovered.
In certain exceptional cases, however, no deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability is recognized for temporary differences.
Deferred tax assets’ carrying amounts (including unrecognized deferred tax assets) are reassessed at the end of each reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting date.
(19) Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing profit or loss attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (ordinary shares issued less treasury shares) during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
(20) Non-current assets held for sale
Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. The requirements for said classification are met only when the Group’s management is committed to a plan to sell the asset (or disposal group), its sale is highly probable within one year and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Non-current assets (or disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortized.
(21) Equity
i) Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares are carried at their issue price in share capital and capital surplus.
ii) Treasury shares
When the Group acquires treasury shares, the consideration paid for the shares is recognized as a deduction from equity.
When the Group sells treasury shares, any difference between their carrying amount and the consideration received from their sale is recognized in capital surplus.
(22) Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the asset’s cost. All other borrowing costs are recognized as an expense in the period incurred.
4. Significant Accounting Estimates and Judgments Involving Estimations
In preparing consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS, management is required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect accounting policies’ application and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Estimates and their underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised as warranted. Accounting estimate revisions’ effects are recognized in the accounting period in which the revision occurred and accounting periods subsequent thereto.
Management judgments and estimates that have a significant effect on amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements are as follows.
(1) Inventory valuation (Significant accounting policy, (6) Inventories) -18-
    
Inventories are measured at cost, but if their net realizable value at the end of a reporting period has fallen below their cost, inventories are measured at their net realizable value and the difference between their cost and net realizable value is recognized in cost of sales as a general rule. Additionally, inventory held for longer than the normal operating cycle is generally measured at net realizable value that reflects future demand and market trends. If inventories’ net realizable value decreases significantly as a result of the market environment deteriorating more than expected, the Group may incur losses.
(2) Impairment of non-financial assets (Significant accounting policy, (11) Impairment of assets)
The Group tests property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, including goodwill, for impairment. In measuring assets’ recoverable amount for impairment testing, the Group make certain assumptions regarding variables such as assets’ useful lives, future cash flows, pre-tax discount rates and long-term growth rates. These assumptions are determined based on management’s best estimates and judgment, but the variables to which they pertain may be affected by the results of uncertain future changes in economic conditions. If the assumptions need to be revised, amounts recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements, etc. for the next fiscal year and beyond may be significantly affected.
(3) Measurement of defined benefit obligation (Significant accounting policy, (12) Employee benefits)
The Group has various post-employment benefit plans, including defined benefit plans. These plans’ respective defined benefit obligation’s present value, relevant service costs and other accounting inputs are estimated based on actuarial assumptions. The actuarial assumptions require estimates and judgments regarding a variety of variables, including discount rates, retirement rates and mortality rates. The Group obtains advice from external pension actuaries on the appropriateness of its actuarial assumptions that include the foregoing variables.
The actuarial assumptions are determined based on management’s best estimates and judgment, but the variables to which they pertain may be affected by the results of uncertain future changes in economic conditions and/or amendment or promulgation of related laws. If the actuarial assumptions need to be revised, the amounts recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the next fiscal year and beyond may be significantly affected.
(4) Recoverability of deferred tax assets (Significant accounting policy, (18) Income taxes)
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. In assessing the probability of taxable profits being available when recognizing a deferred tax asset, the Group reasonably estimates amounts and timing of the future taxable profits it is capable of earning and measures the deferred tax asset’s amount accordingly.
Taxable profits’ timing and amounts may be affected by uncertain future changes in economic conditions. If taxable profits’ timing and/or amount differs from previous estimates thereof, the amounts recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the next fiscal year and beyond may be significantly affected.
(5) Financial instruments’ fair value (Significant accounting policy, (4) Financial instruments)
When measuring certain financial instruments’ fair value, the Group uses valuation techniques that utilize inputs that are unobservable in markets. Such unobservable inputs may be affected by the results of uncertain future changes in economic conditions. If they are revised, the Group’s consolidated financial statements may be significantly affected.
(6) Contingencies (Significant accounting policy, (15) Contingencies)
The Group discloses contingencies that could significantly affect its future operations, taking into account all evidence available at the reporting date and contingencies’ probability of occurrence and monetary impact.
5. New Standards and Interpretations Not Yet Applied
Of the standards and interpretations newly established or revised by the date the consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance, those not early applied by the Group would not significantly affect the consolidated financial statements.
6. Operating Segments
(1) Overview of reportable segments
 The Group’s reportable segments are components of the Group for which discrete financial information is available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Company’s Board of Directors to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and assess their performance.
Each operating company, under the Company, a pure holding company, proposes business development and strategies for products, services and sales markets in which it is involved and conducts business activities.
-19-

 Accordingly, the Company’s segments have been organized on the basis of the differences in products, services, and sales markets in which each of operating companies and their subsidiaries and associates is involved, and its reportable segments are composed of five businesses: “Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business,” “International Business,” “Food & Soft Drinks Business,” “Restaurants Business,” and “Real Estate Business.”
The “Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business” segment manufactures and sells alcoholic beverages in Japan. The “International Business” segment manufactures and sells alcoholic beverages and soft drinks outside Japan. The “Food & Soft Drinks Business” segment manufactures and sells food and soft drinks. The “Restaurants Business” segment operates various styles of restaurants. The “Real Estate Business” segment’s activities include leasing of real estate.
In conjunction with a reorganization effective January 1, 2018, Sapporo International Inc.’s export business, previously part of the “International Business” segment, has been transferred to Sapporo Breweries Ltd. in the “Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business” segment. Segment information for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, was prepared based on the revised segmentation.
(2) Segment revenue and performance
The Company’s revenue, operating profit (loss) and selected other items are presented below by reportable segment. The Company monitors segment performance based on operating profit.
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
          Japanese Alcoholic Beverages
International
Food & Soft Drinks
Restaurants
28,639 1 28,640
(515)
2,717 655
–
Real Estate
23,893 2,670 26,563 10,271
5,050 –
1
Real Estate
24,483 2,824 27,307 12,047
5,177 –
Other
11,846 21,002 32,848
(137)
100 165
Total Adjustment
(Millions of yen) Consolidated
          Revenue
Revenue from external customers
Intersegment revenue Total
Operating profit (loss)
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment losses
Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
261,489 78,626 132,092 3,381 108 282 264,870 78,735 132,374 10,038 (2,728) 2,430
9,276 3,908 6,812 – 2,686 362
19 ––
536,585 – 27,445 (27,445) 564,030 (27,445) 19,359 (6,553)
27,865 1,704 3,868 (58)
                                                                                 – 19 –
536,585 – 536,585 12,806
29,569 3,810
19
(Millions of yen) Consolidated
521,856 – 521,856 10,828
28,512 5,430
            For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
                     Revenue
Revenue from external customers
Intersegment revenue Total
Operating profit (loss)
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment losses
Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
Japanese Alcoholic Beverages
250,867 3,011 253,878 6,711
8,841 227
19
International
79,521 500 80,021
(3,397)
3,839 4,397
Food & Soft Drinks
127,219 276 127,494 2,027
6,617 450
Restaurants
27,569 1 27,570
(169)
2,423 488
Other
12,198 21,169 33,368
59
101 –
–
Total
521,856 27,781 549,637 17,279
26,998 5,562
19
Adjustment
– (27,781) (27,781) (6,451)
1,514 (132)
                                                                                ––
–0
– 19
           -20-

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
           Japanese Alcoholic Beverages
2,261,895 27,147 2,289,042 60,512
79,709 2,046
168
Food & Soft
International Drinks Restaurants RealEstate Other Total Adjustment
Consolidated
4,705,220 – 4,705,220 97,633
257,074 48,962
171
          Revenue
Revenue from external customers
Intersegment revenue Total
Operating profit (loss)
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment losses
Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
716,986 4,505 721,491
(30,628)
34,617 39,649
1,147,043 2,485 1,149,528 18,278
59,661 4,055
248,570 11 248,582
(1,522)
21,851 4,398
220,743 25,463 246,207 108,618
46,674 –
109,982 4,705,220 190,871 250,482 300,853 4,955,701
536 155,793
908 243,419 – 50,149
– 171
– (250,482) (250,482) (58,160)
13,654 (1,187)
–
                                                                                ––
–4
          “Other” is a business segment not included in reportable segments and includes a logistics business. Adjustments include corporate costs not allocated to any reportable segment and intersegment eliminations. Corporate costs consist of general and administrative expenses not attributable to reportable segments.
(3) Information about geographical areas
A geographical breakdown of revenue from external customers and non-current assets is presented below.
 Revenue from external customers
For the fiscal year ended
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
3,783,810 704,382 217,027
4,705,220
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
3,896,939 403,767 82,560 4,383,266
      December 31, 2017
December 31, 2018
419,662 78,123 24,071
521,856
December 31, 2018
432,210 44,782 9,157 486,148
    Japan 433,914 North America 77,287 Other 25,384
            Total 536,585
(Note) Revenue is disaggregated based on the location of sales destination.
     Non-current assets
As of
Japan
North America Other
Total
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
448,368 37,824 11,540
497,733
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
439,236 51,166 9,573 499,976
                                -21-

 (4) Information about major customers
Customers accounting for 10% or more of the revenue reported on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss are listed below.
    (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
556,142
   Name
KOKUBU GROUP CORP.
Related Segment
Japanese Alcoholic Beverages, Food & Soft Drinks
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
72,127
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
61,682
          7. Business Combinations
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
Acquisition of equity in Anchor Brewing Company, LLC (1) Overview of business combination
i) Name and business description of acquiree
Name:
Location:
Business description:
Anchor Brewing Company, LLC (and one other company) San Francisco, California, USA
Beer brewing and sales
ii) Primary reasons for business combination
In November 2016, the Group formulated the Sapporo Group Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150” through 2026, marking its 150th anniversary of establishment. The “SPEED150” sets forth as 2026 Group Vision that the Sapporo Group will be a company with highly unique brands in the fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks” around the world.
Among the three major strategic themes, as for “Promote Global Business Expansion,” a key driver for the Group’s growth strategy, the Group is promoting a unique plan that prioritizes expanding business in “North America,” the Group’s business platform, and booming “Southeast Asia.”
The Group expects further synergies from the equity acquisition that added the strong brand power of Anchor Brewing Company, LLC to the Group’s US beer business portfolio and accelerates the growth of the Group’s US business.
iii) Counterparty to share acquisition Anchor Brewing Company, LLC
iv) Date of business combination August 31, 2017
v) Legal form of business combination
Equity shares were acquired for a cash consideration.
vi) Name of acquiree after combination No change.
vii) Percentage of equity shares acquired 100%
viii) Main basis for determining the acquirer
A consolidated subsidiary of the Company acquired the equity shares for a cash consideration.
(2) Consideration for acquisition
Consideration for the acquisition was 11,914 million yen, paid in cash.
  -22-

(3) Assets acquired and liabilities assumed
The acquisition-date fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are presented below.
    Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade and other receivables Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets Current liabilities Non-current labilities
Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net Goodwill
Amount (Millions of yen)
1,126 232 382 8,035 3,942 4,034 778 2 8,381 3,533
                       The goodwill mainly reflects excess earnings power due to business merger synergies. The amount of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.
(4) Acquisition-related costs
Acquisition-related costs were 404 million yen. They are included in “selling, general and administrative expenses” on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
(5) Impact on the Group’s operating results
The Group’s Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss includes 842 million yen of revenue generated and 207 million yen of loss incurred by Anchor Brewing Company, LLC from the acquisition date through December 31, 2017.
If the business combination had hypothetically occurred on January 1, 2017, the Group’s consolidated revenue and profit would have been 539,163 million yen and 6,241 million yen, respectively (unaudited information).
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
The Group acquired trust beneficiary rights in investment and rental property. Details are disclosed under “16. Investment Property, (1) Changes in carrying amounts.”
  8. Cash and Cash Equivalents
A breakdown of cash and cash equivalents is presented below.
       As of
Cash and deposits
Time deposits maturing over three months
Total
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
10,589 (114)
10,476
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
12,718 (181)
12,537
December 31, 2018
10,971 (982)
9,989
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
98,918 (8,855)
90,063
                    -23-

Cash outflow for leases is presented below.
   For the fiscal year ended
Total cash outflow for leases 13,878
9. Trade and Other Receivables
A breakdown of trade and other receivables is presented below.
December 31, 2018 14,298
December 31, 2017
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 128,918
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
                  As of
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total
(Millions of yen)
January 1, 2017 December 31, (Transition Date) 2017
96,657 98,428 (82) (103) 96,574 98,325
December 31, 2018
93,460 (120) 93,340
842,665 (1,079) 841,587
                    Trade and other receivables are classified as financial assets measured at amortized cost.
They are presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
10. Other Financial Assets
(1) Breakdown of other financial assets
A breakdown of other financial assets is presented below.
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
Stocks 67,856 Bonds –
                      Derivative assets
Accounts receivable - other
Loans receivable
Guarantee deposits
Other 179 Allowance for doubtful accounts (1,195)
Total 89,246
Current assets 9,967 Non-current assets 79,278 Total 89,246
(Millions of yen) December 31, 2017
71,818 1,000 823 3,978 4,698 5,892 790 (1,216) 87,784
9,107 78,677 87,784
December 31, 2018 59,483
5,000 217 3,821 555 5,985 1,193 (1,260) 74,995
4,790 70,205 74,995
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 536,314 45,082 1,960 34,455 5,008 53,961 10,761 (11,365) 676,175
43,188 632,987 676,175
3,158 3,938 9,109 6,201
                                                       Other financial assets are presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
Stocks and bonds are classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, derivative assets (excluding those subject to hedge accounting) as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, and accounts receivable - other, loans receivable and guarantee deposits as financial assets measured at amortized cost.
-24-

(2) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
The Group’s main holdings classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and their fair values are presented below.
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date) Issuer
Resorttrust, Inc.
Imperial Hotel, Ltd.
FUJIO FOOD SYSTEM Co., Ltd. SHIBUYA CORPORATION Keikyu Corporation
Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. TAISEI CORPORATION
Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd. Marubeni Corporation
PALACE HOTEL CO., LTD.
As of December 31, 2017
Resorttrust, Inc.
Imperial Hotel, Ltd.
FUJIO FOOD SYSTEM Co., Ltd. SHIBUYA CORPORATION PALACE HOTEL CO., LTD. TAISEI CORPORATION Marubeni Corporation
Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd. Keikyu Corporation
Central Japan Railway Company
(Millions of yen)
7,233 5,193 3,081 2,378 2,045 1,675 1,636 1,596 1,547 1,405
(Millions of yen)
8,584 5,475 4,752 3,269 2,543 2,244 1,905 1,736 1,634 1,332
Amount
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
  Amount
                        Issuer
Amount
                      As of December 31, 2018
Issuer
Amount (Millions of yen)
       FUJIO FOOD SYSTEM Co., Ltd. Resorttrust, Inc.
Imperial Hotel, Ltd.
SHIBUYA CORPORATION TAISEI CORPORATION Marubeni Corporation
Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd. Central Japan Railway Company Rengo Co., Ltd.
Keikyu Corporation
5,582 50,332 5,400 48,685 4,678 42,176 2,471 22,279 1,882 16,969 1,803 16,254 1,587 14,309 1,529 13,785 1,389 12,525 1,356 12,225
                              -25-

The Group holds stocks mainly to maintain or strengthen commercial, collaborative and/or financial relationships and therefore designates them as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
(3) Derecognition of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Certain financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income were sold (derecognized), mainly as a result of business strategy revisions. Their fair value at the date of the sale and the cumulative gains or losses associated with their sale are presented below.
Cumulative gains or losses (net of tax) that had been recognized in equity through other comprehensive income were reclassified to retained earnings upon the assets’ sale.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 13,089 7,413
   For the fiscal year ended Fair value
Cumulative gains (losses)
December 31, 2017 8,278 4,836
December 31, 2018 1,452 822
            Recognized dividend income from financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income is presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 85
8,731
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
   For the fiscal year ended Derecognized financial assets Financial assets held at fiscal year-end
December 31, 2017 273
889
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
            11. Inventories
A breakdown of inventories is presented below.
December 31, 2018 9
968
December 31, 2018
       January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
21,238
As of
Merchandise and finished goods Raw materials and supplies
The amount of inventories recognized in cost of sales in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, was 350,799 million yen and 340,196 million yen (3,067,319 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
The amount of inventory valuation losses recognized as an expense in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, was 883 million yen and 1,069 million yen (9,636 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
            16,381 Total 37,619
22,476 22,876 206,260 15,397 14,233 128,329 37,873 37,109 334,589
            -26-

12. Other Assets
A breakdown of other current assets and other non-current assets is presented below.
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
5,141 410 5,619 3,126 1,927 16,223
6,914
9,309 16,223
December 31, 2018
4,942 2,236 4,530 3,010 2,125
16,842
8,316
8,526 16,842
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
44,558 20,156 40,841 27,136 19,163
151,854
74,977
76,877 151,854
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
– –
       As of
Prepaid expenses
Income taxes receivable
Long-term prepaid expenses
Other investments
Other 2,258
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
     4,954 798 5,098 3,199
                         Total
Current assets Non-current assets Total
16,308
7,386
8,921 16,308
                         13. Assets Held for Sale
A breakdown of assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated therewith is presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
    As of
Property, plant and equipment
Total assets
January 1, 2017 December 31, (Transition Date) 2017
359 359
December 31, 2018
     – –
– –
          The assets held for sale at the Transition Date were mainly land holdings of the Food & Soft Drinks Business segment. The Group decided to divest them to refocus its operations on selected business domains. The asset sales were completed in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.
-27-

                                                                                                                                  14. Property, Plant and Equipment
(1) Changes in property, plant and equipment
Changes in the carrying amount, cost and accumulated depreciation and impairment losses of property, plant and equipment are presented below.
(Millions of yen)
        Carrying amount
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
Acquisitions
Transfer from construction in progress
Acquisitions through business combinations
Depreciation
Impairment losses
Sales and disposals
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Other changes
As of December 31, 2017
Acquisitions
Transfer from construction in progress
Depreciation
Impairment losses
Sales and disposals
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Other changes
As of December 31, 2018
Carrying amount
As of December 31, 2017
Acquisitions
Transfer from construction in progress
Depreciation
Impairment losses
Sales and disposals
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Other changes
As of December 31, 2018
Buildings and structures
55,628
2,599
1,018
(4,037) (1,176) (378)
97
(8) 54,326 948 3,650
(3,922) (332) (844)
(439)
(40) 53,348
Buildings and structures
489,820 8,551 32,910
(35,362) (2,994) (7,607)
(3,960)
(359) 480,999
Machinery and vehicles
31,803
4,411 855
(6,237) (2,284) (75)
388
29,920 1,338 7,521 (5,730)
(72) (522)
(1,382)
(15) 31,058
Machinery and vehicles
269,767 12,066 67,810
(51,668) (649) (4,707)
(12,457)
(131) 280,031
Tools, Right-of-use furniture assets
and fixtures
2,543 25,769
1,007 – 16 –
(893) (6,833) (58) (272) (59) (36)
16 106
(522) 2,742 25,340 204 8,557 850 –
(871) (6,490) (40) (486) (22) (189)
(42) (360)
(36) (1,119) 2,785 25,254
Tools, Right-of-use furniture assets
and fixtures
24,721 228,471
1,835 77,156
7,662 – (7,849) (58,513) (363) (4,379) (201) (1,702)
(374) (3,247)
(321) (10,092) 25,109 227,694
Land
33,131
32
1,935
–
(16) (184)
(10)
(38) 34,849 – 26 –
(117) (693)
(99)
(210) 33,755
Land
314,209 – 236 –
(1,058) (6,251)
(896)
(1,895) 304,345
Construction in progress
2,728
(8,049)
118
– – –
(14)
(919) 4,158 15,142
(12,047) –
– –
(47)
(728) 6,477
Total
151,602
– 3,942
(18,001) (3,806) (732)
583
(1,332) 151,334 26,189 –
(17,013) (1,047) (2,270)
(2,369)
(2,147) 152,676
                              583
904
169
7,127
–
10,293
19,076
                                             155
–
                                (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
        Construction in progress
37,487 136,522
Total
1,364,475 236,130 –
                (108,618)
– (153,392)
– (9,443) – (20,468)
(426) (21,362)
(6,564) (19,361) 58,401 1,376,578
                -28-

      (Millions of yen)
        Cost
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
As of December 31, 2017 As of December 31, 2018
Cost
As of December 31, 2018
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
As of December 31, 2017 As of December 31, 2018
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
As of December 31, 2018
Buildings and structures
178,698 180,226 179,992
Buildings and structures
1,622,864
Buildings and structures
123,070 125,900 126,644
Buildings and structures
1,141,865
Machinery and vehicles
Tools, furniture and fixtures
Right-of-use assets
34,895 37,618 40,661
Land
34,091 35,825 34,731
Land
313,149
Land
960 976 976
Construction in progress
2,728 4,158 6,477
Total
493,040 501,703 507,773
               227,264 15,363 228,444 15,431 230,617 15,294
                                               Machinery Tools, Right-of-use
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Construction
in progress Total
58,401 4,578,242
(Millions of yen)
and vehicles
2,079,320
Machinery and vehicles
furniture and fixtures
137,900
Tools, furniture and fixtures
assets
366,608
Right-of-use assets
9,127 12,278 15,407
Construction in progress
– – –
Total
341,437 350,369 355,097
                                       195,461 12,819 198,525 12,690 199,559 12,510
                                Machinery Tools, Right-of-use
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Construction
in progress Total
– 3,201,664 and “selling, general and administrative
and vehicles 1,799,289
furniture assets and fixtures
112,791 138,915
Land 8,804
                 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is mainly included in “cost of sales” expenses” on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
 (2) Right-of-use assets
A breakdown of right-of-use assets is presented below.
       As of
Right-of-use assets for which buildings and structures are the underlying asset Right-of-use assets for which machinery and vehicles are the underlying asset Right-of-use assets for which tools, furniture and fixtures are the underlying asset
Right-of-use assets for which land is the underlying asset
Total right-of-use assets
(3) Borrowing costs
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
14,595 2,947
6,567
1,661 25,769
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
15,534 2,625
5,589
1,592 25,340
December 31, 2018
16,266 2,971
4,833
1,183 25,254
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
146,660 26,787
43,579
10,668 227,694
                               In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, no borrowing costs were capitalized as part of the cost of
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, 12 million yen (109 thousand U.S. dollars) of borrowing costs were capitalized. The capitalization rate applied was 0.6%.
-29-
a qualifying asset. In

15. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
(1) Changes in goodwill and intangible assets
Changes in carrying amount, cost and accumulated amortization and impairment losses of goodwill and intangible assets are presented below.
    Carrying amount
Acquisitions through business combinations
Intangible assets
Customer Software relationships
4,052 3,638 1,803 – 28 –
(1,865) (294) – (0) – – (154) –
(73) 5 (111) – (1) (10) 24,942 3,868 3,223
(Millions of yen) Total
31,788 1,864 7,566
(2,489) (5) (269) (195)
22 38,281 2,245
(2,265) (4,383) (14) (468) (112)
4,828
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Goodwill
21,483 Acquisitions –
Other 2,615
60 4,006 (330)
(4) (115) (16)
33 6,248 130
(375) (919) (0) (142) (113)
         As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
      3,533 Amortization –
Impairment losses
Sales and disposals
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Other changes
As of December 31, 2017
Acquisitions – Amortization –
2,116 – (1,609) (281) (3) –
(14) – (11) (62) 2 –
4,348 2,880
Intangible assets
Customer Software relationships
34,872 29,063
19,076 – (14,507) (2,534) (25) –
(126) – (101) (561) 16 –
39,204 25,969
            Impairment losses
Sales and disposals
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Other changes
As of December 31, 2018
Carrying amount
(3,461) –
(253) –
21,229
Goodwill
33,285
                          As of December 31, 2017 224,887
Acquisitions –
Amortization –
Impairment losses (31,205)
Sales and disposals –
Other 56,336
1,168 (3,385) (8,288)
(1) (1,280) (1,022)
43,527
Total
345,158 20,243 (20,426)
(39,518) (127) (4,219) (1,006)
300,105
      Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
(2,277) Other changes – As of December 31, 2018 191,405
             -30-

(Millions of yen) Goodwill Customer Total
    Cost
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
As of December 31, 2017 As of December 31, 2018
Cost As of December 31, 2018
Accumulated amortization losses
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
As of December 31, 2017 As of December 31, 2018
Accumulated amortization losses
As of December 31, 2018
21,483 24,942 24,690
Goodwill 222,610
Goodwill
– 3,461
Goodwill 31,205
Software 23,716 23,593 24,001
Software 216,403
Software 19,664 19,725 19,653
Software 177,199
relationships 4,172
4,047 3,971
Intangible assets
Customer relationships
35,800
Intangible assets
Customer relationships
534
824 1,090
Intangible assets
Customer relationships
9,831
Other
9,075 58,445
13,137 65,719 12,283 64,944
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Total
Intangible assets
                                                    and impairment
and impairment
–
Other 110,747
Other 6,460
6,889 7,455
585,559
(Millions of yen)
Total
26,657 27,438 31,660
                            (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
    Total 67,219 285,454
   Other
            Internally generated intangible assets are mainly software. Their cost at January 1, 2017 (Transition Date), December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, was 11,874 million yen, 11,994 million yen and 12,358 million yen (111,422 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively and their accumulated amortization and impairment losses at January 1, 2017 (Transition Date), December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, totaled 10,664 million yen, 11,218 million yen and 11,621 million yen (104,778 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
Amortization is included in “cost of sales” and “selling, general and administrative expenses” on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
Of the above intangible assets, those with indefinite useful lives had an aggregate carrying amount at January 1, 2017 (Transition Date), December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, of 824 million yen, 800 million yen and 785 million yen (7,075 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively. Said intangible assets are trademarks, most of which were recognized when the Group acquired a North American soft drink company. The Group deems the trademarks to be intangible assets with indefinite useful lives because they are basically perpetual as long as said company continues to exist.
(2) Significant intangible assets
Significant intangible assets carried on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position are mainly trademarks recognized in conjunction with the 2017 acquisition of Anchor Brewing Company, LLC, and customer relationships recognized in conjunction with the 2015 acquisition of a North American soft drink company.
The carrying amount at December 31, 2018, of the trademarks recognized in conjunction with Anchor Brewing Company’s acquisition was 2,864 million yen (25,821 thousand U.S. dollars) (December 31, 2017: 3,975 million yen). The carrying amount at December 31, 2018, of the customer relationships recognized in conjunction with the North American soft drink company’s acquisition was 2,880 million yen (25,969 thousand U.S. dollars) (January 1, 2017 (Transition Date): 3,638 million yen, December 31, 2017: 3,223 million yen).
The trademarks are being amortized using the straight-line method; their remaining amortization period is 31 years. The customer relationships are being amortized mainly using the straight-line method; their remaining amortization periods range from one to 19 years.
-31-

 (3) Impairment test of intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
Major intangible assets with indefinite useful lives were tested for impairment as follows in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.
When tested for impairment, the North American soft drink company’s trademarks recognized upon the Company’s acquisition had a carrying amount of 776 million yen (7,000 thousand U.S. dollars) (January 1, 2017 (Transition Date): 816 million yen, December 31, 2017: 791 million yen).
Their recoverable amount was measured based on value in use for each cash-generating unit. Value in use was measured by discounting future cash flows at a 10.0% discount rate (December 31, 2017: 9.5%). Said discount rate was determined in reference to the weighted-average cost of capital.
Future cash flows are based on a growth rate of 3.0% (December 31, 2017: 3.0%) and management-approved business plans prepared to reflect past experience and external information with planning horizons generally no longer than five years. Said growth rate was determined in light of conditions in the market(s) to which the cash-generating units are dedicated.
If the key assumptions used to test for impairment were to change, the change would pose a risk of impairment loss, but the Group concluded that value in use exceeds the tested cash-generating units’ carrying amount and is unlikely to fall below their carrying amount even if said key assumptions change within a reasonably foreseeable range.
16. Investment Property
(1) Changes in investment property
Changes in carrying amount, cost and accumulated depreciation and impairment losses of investment property are presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
1,980,503 37,669 22,721 (55,938) (41,737) 1,943,218
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
3,310,381 3,304,301
   During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
Balance at beginning of period
Acquisitions 2,693
Balance at end of period
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
219,658 4,178 2,520 (6,204) (4,629) 215,522
Carrying amount
    223,595
        Acquisitions through business combination (Note)
– Sales and disposals (2,037) Depreciation (4,593)
            219,658
     (Note) “Acquisitions through business combination” refers to a November 30, 2018, acquisition of all trust beneficiary rights in investment and rental property in Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, the objective of which was to further increase revenue through property value appreciation, community development and property portfolio restructuring in the Ebisu District of Shibuya-ku. The transaction was accounted for as a business acquisition. The assets acquired in
 the transaction consist solely of investment property. No liabilities were assumed. The assets’ acquisition-date fair value was 2,520 million yen 22,721 thousand U.S. dollars). The consideration paid was 2,520 million yen (22,721 thousand U.S. dollars) in cash. Acquisition-related costs, and information on revenue and profit or loss of the acquiree from the acquisition date onward and revenue and profit or loss if the transaction had hypothetically occurred on January 1, 2018 (unaudited information), are omitted because the transaction’s effects on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss were insignificant.
    (Millions of yen)
   Cost
Balance at beginning of period Balance at end of period
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
367,476 367,154
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
367,154 366,480
             -32-

   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
1,329,878 1,361,083
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
3,480,230
   Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
Balance at beginning of period Balance at end of period
(2) Fair value
Investment property’s fair value is presented below.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
147,497 150,958
December 31, 2018
385,992
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
143,881 147,497
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
372,753
                   January 1, 2017
 (Transition Date)
   As of
Investment property
365,406
           Fair value is measured mainly based on discounted cash flow valuations provided by external real estate appraisers or similar properties’ market prices.
Investment property’s fair values in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, are recognized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
The fair value hierarchy is disclosed under “37. Financial Instruments, (8) Financial instruments’ fair value.”
(3) Income from and expenses arising from investment property
Rental income from investment property and direct operating expenses incurred in the generation thereof are presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 208,947 116,825
   For the fiscal year ended Rental income
Direct operating expenses
December 31, 2017 22,647 12,681
December 31, 2018 23,174 12,957
            The direct operating expenses do not include expenses arising from investment property that did not generate rental income.
17. Impairment Losses
(1) Breakdown of recognized impairment losses by main asset class and segment
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
Segment Cash-generating unit International Business Alcoholic Beverages (Japan & Asia)
Impairment losses (Millions of yen)
2,686
Class of assets
Machinery and equipment and other
             The carrying amount of beer brewing facilities owned by Sapporo Vietnam Ltd. was reduced to its recoverable amount because recovery of the investment in the facilities is no longer probable, largely as a result of a decrease in income. The impairment losses consisted of a 627 million yen impairment loss on buildings and structures, a 2,058 million yen impairment loss on machinery and vehicles and a 2 million yen impairment loss on tools, furniture and fixtures.
The recoverable amount was measured at 988 million yen based on fair value less costs of disposal.
Fair value was measured by multiplying replacement value by a liquidation value ratio. It is in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
-33-

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
     Segment Cash-generating unit
International Business Alcoholic Beverages (North America)
Impairment losses (Millions of yen)
4,377
Impairment losses (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
39,466
Class of assets Goodwill and other
          The carrying amount of the goodwill and a portion of the intangible assets recognized upon acquisition of equity in Anchor Brewing Company, LLC, was reduced to their recoverable amount because attainment of initial income projections is no longer probable as a result of weak overall demand on the U.S. West Coast, a key geographic market. The impairment losses consisted of a 3,461 million yen (31,205 thousand U.S. dollars) impairment loss on goodwill and a 916 million yen (8,261 thousand U.S. dollars) impairment loss on intangible assets.
The recoverable amount was measured at 6,544 million yen (59,000 thousand U.S. dollars) based on fair value less costs of disposal.
Fair value was measured by discounting future cash flows at 8.0%. It is in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
(2) Goodwill impairment test
Carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to cash-generating units (groups of cash-generating units) are presented below.
         Cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units)
Alcoholic Beverages (North America) Soft Drinks (North America)
Food & Soft Drinks (Japan & Asia) Restaurants
Total
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
6,784
4,111 10,208 380 21,483
(Millions of yen)
As of December 31, 2017
10,366 3,989 10,208 380 24,942
As of December 31, 2018
6,728
3,913 10,208 380 21,229
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) As of December 31, 2018
60,659 35,281 92,040
3,424 191,405
                               Goodwill was tested for impairment mainly as follows.
Alcoholic Beverages (North America)
Recoverable amounts were measured based on value in use.
 Value in use was measured by discounting future cash flows at 9.0% (December 31, 2017: 9.0%). Said discount rate was determined in reference to the cash-generating unit’s weighted average cost of capital.
Future cash flows are based on a growth rate of 2.5% (December 31, 2017: 2.5%) and management-approved business plans prepared to reflect past experience and external information with planning horizons generally no longer than five years. Said growth rate was determined in light of conditions in the market(s) to which the cash-generating unit is dedicated.
Goodwill’s carrying amount at December 31, 2017, included 3,542 million yen of goodwill recognized in conjunction with the acquisition of Anchor Brewing Company, LLC, a separate cash-generating unit. Said goodwill was measured at fair value less costs of disposal.
Soft Drinks (North America)
Recoverable amounts were measured based on value in use.
Value in use was measured by discounting future cash flows at 10.0% (December 31, 2017: 9.5%). Said discount rate was determined in reference to the cash-generating unit’s weighted average cost of capital.
Future cash flows are based on a growth rate of 3.0% (December 31, 2017: 3.0%) and management-approved business plans prepared to reflect past experience and external information with planning horizons generally no longer than five years. Said growth rate was determined in light of conditions in the market(s) to which the cash-generating unit is dedicated.
 Fair value less costs of disposal was measured by estimating future cash flows based on an assumed growth rate of 2.5% and management-approved business plans prepared to reflect past experience and external information with planning horizons generally no longer than five years and then discounting the cash flows to present value using an adjusted discount rate based on weighted average cost of capital (8.0% discount rate in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017).
The resultant fair value is in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
 -34-

If the key assumptions used to test for impairment were to change, the change would pose a risk of impairment loss, but the Group concluded that value in use exceeds the cash-generating unit’s carrying amount and is unlikely to fall below its carrying amount even if said key assumptions change within a reasonably foreseeable range.
Food & Soft Drinks (Japan & Asia)
Recoverable amounts were measured based on value in use.
Value in use was measured by discounting future cash flows at 5.8% (December 31, 2017: 5.6%). Said discount rate was determined in reference to the cash-generating unit’s weighted average cost of capital.
Future cash flows are based on management-approved business plans prepared to reflect past experience and external information with planning horizons generally no longer than five years. The growth rate used for impairment testing is set at 0% (December 31, 2017: 0%) as a practical expedient.
If the key assumptions used to test for impairment were to change, the change would pose a risk of impairment loss, but the Group concluded that value in use exceeds the cash-generating unit’s carrying amount and is unlikely to fall below its carrying amount even if said key assumptions change within a reasonably foreseeable range.
 18. Investments Accounted for Using Equity Method
Carrying amounts of investments accounted for using the equity method are presented below.
       As of
Carrying amount of investments in associates
(Millions of yen)
January 1, 2017 December 31, (Transition Date) 2017
December 31, 2018
410
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
     372
391
3,700
     The Group’s share of profit and other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using the equity method is presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 171 171
   For the fiscal year ended
Group’s share of profit of associates accounted for using equity method
Total
December 31, 2017 19 19
December 31, 2018 19 19
            -35-

        19. Income Taxes
(1) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and changes therein are presented below broken down by main source of the deferred tax assets/liabilities.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
      January 1, 2017
4,847 3,816 2,214 1,405
Recognized in profit or loss
300 (506)
65 (161)
112 (7)
(27) 604 380
(1,828) –
440 (1,091) (2,479)
2,859
Recognized in other comprehensive income
Other (Note)
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
5,156 3,071 2,283 1,244
933 792 20 1,903 15,402
18,385
14,974 6,652 937 40,948
(25,546)
      Deferred tax assets
Fixed assets
Accrued expenses
Gift coupon gains or losses Tax loss carryforwards Provision for bonuses Marketable securities Other
–9 (239) –
               Retirement benefit liability
                          692 798 47 1,197 Total 15,016
– – – – – –
(239)
– 3,602 – 71 3,673
(3,912)
4
   –
 129
   1
   –
 102
 245
 108
  12
   –
 340
 460
(215)
                                    Deferred tax liabilities Fixed assets
        20,105
11,360 6,212 Other 1,617 Total 39,294
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) (24,278)
      Valuation differences
      Reserve for advanced depreciation of fixed assets
                        -36-

       For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
(Millions of yen)
      January 1, 2018
5,156 3,071 2,283 1,244
933 792 20 1,903 15,402
18,385 14,974 6,652 Other 937 Total 40,948
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) (25,546)
Recognized in Recognized in other
profit or loss comprehensive income
(545) – 645 1,646 6 – (134) – 77 – (279) – 2,961 – (89) – 2,642 1,646
(35) – – (4,082)
(1,418) – 550 26
(903) (4,056) 3,545 5,702
Other (Note)
(1) – (6) –
(12) –
– 187 168
(313) (19)
– (372) (704)
2,449
December 31, 2018
4,610 5,362 2,283 1,110
998
513 2,981 2,001 19,860
18,037
10,873 5,234 1,141
35,286 (15,426)
      Deferred tax assets
Fixed assets
Accrued expenses
Gift coupon gains or losses Tax loss carryforwards Provision for bonuses Marketable securities Other
Total Deferred tax liabilities
               Retirement benefit liability
                                                                      Fixed assets
       Valuation differences
      Reserve for advanced depreciation of fixed assets
                        -37-

                 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
      January 1, 2018
46,488 27,689 20,584 11,216
8,412 7,141 180 17,158 138,869
165,765 135,010 59,977 Other 8,448 Total 369,200
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) (230,331)
Recognized in profit or loss
(4,914) 5,816 54
(1,208) 694
(2,516) 26,697
(802) 23,821
(316) –
(12,785) 4,959
(8,142)
31,963
Recognized in other comprehensive income
– 14,841 – – – – – – 14,841
–
(36,805) (171)
–– 234 (3,354) (36,570) (6,347)
51,411 22,078
      Deferred tax assets
Fixed assets
Accrued expenses
Gift coupon gains or losses Tax loss carryforwards Provision for bonuses Marketable securities Other
Total Deferred tax liabilities
Other (Note)
(9) –
(54) –
(108) –
– 1,686 1,515
December 31, 2018
41,565 48,346 20,584 10,008
8,998
4,625 26,878 18,042
179,064
162,627
98,034 47,191 10,288
318,150
(139,086)
               Retirement benefit liability
                                                                      Fixed assets
(2,822)
       Valuation differences
      Reserve for advanced depreciation of fixed assets
                             (Note) “Other” mainly includes deferred tax assets/liabilities recognized in conjunction with acquisition of subsidiaries through business combinations and exchange differences on translation of foreign operations.
(2) Deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized
In recognizing deferred tax assets, the Group takes into account the probability that deductible temporary differences or tax loss carryforwards can be fully or partially utilized against future taxable profits. In assessing deferred tax assets’ recoverability, the Group takes into account scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable profits and tax planning. The Group deems recognized deferred tax assets to have a high probability of being recovered based on past taxable profit levels and projections of future taxable profits over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible.
Deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized are presented below.
       As of
Deductible temporary differences Tax loss carryforwards
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
14,727 2,708
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
15,871 3,260
December 31, 2018
12,567 3,810
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
113,309 34,349
               -38-

The following table summarizes the amounts of tax loss carryforwards for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized and their expiry dates.
       As of
3rd year
4th year
After 5th year Total
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
175
496 1,825 2,708
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
485
507 1,983 3,260
December 31, 2018
493
724 1,909 3,810
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
4,441
6,530 17,212 34,349
          1st year
69
120
187
1,683
          2nd year
144
165
497
4,484
                          (3) Taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized
 With the exception of temporary differences arising from undistributed profits scheduled to be distributed as dividends as of the end of the reporting period, the Company does not recognize deferred tax liabilities related to taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries when the Group is able to control the timing of the temporary differences’ reversal and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and interests in joint arrangements not recognized as deferred tax liabilities at January 1, 2017 (Transition Date), December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2018, were 45,773 million yen, 45,690 million yen and 54,080 million yen (487,607 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
 (4) Income tax expense
A breakdown of income tax expense is presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 47,937
(31,961)
15,975
   For the fiscal year ended Current income tax expense Deferred income tax expense
Total
December 31, 2017 8,030
(2,859) 5,170
December 31, 2018 5,317
(3,545) 1,772
            On December 22, 2017 (local time), the U.S. enacted a tax reform law lowering federal corporate tax rates effective from
January 1, 2018. In conjunction with the law’s enactment, US subsidiaries’ deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities were measured using an effective statutory tax rate based on amended tax rates.
As a result, income tax expense in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, was 366 million yen lower than it otherwise would have been.
 -39-

(5) Reconciliation between effective statutory tax rate and actual tax rate
The taxes to which the Group is subject are mainly corporation tax, inhabitants tax, and enterprise tax. Based on said taxes, its effective statutory tax rate in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, was 30.9%. Overseas subsidiaries are subject to the corporate tax and other taxes in the tax jurisdictions in which they are respectively located.
Major causes of differences between the Group’s effective statutory tax rate and actual tax rate are presented below.
   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
Effective statutory tax rate 30.9% 7.1% Unrecognized deferred tax assets 8.0%
Tax credits (2.6)% Effect of changes in tax rates (3.4)% Impairment of goodwill – Overseas consolidated subsidiaries’ tax rate differences 1.8% Income taxes for prior periods 1.7% Other 1.4%
Actual tax rate 44.8%
20. Bonds and Borrowings
(1) Breakdown of bonds and borrowings
A breakdown of bonds and borrowings is presented below. January 1, 2017
December 31, 2018
30.9%
5.9% (28.3)% (3.7)%
0.3% 10.2% 2.9%
(0.6)% 1.2% 18.7%
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
90,213 539,414 134,664 256,965 184,133 853,454
2,058,844
665,976 1,392,868 2,058,844
     Effect of nontaxable income and nondeductible expenses in determining taxable profit
                  As of
Current portion of bonds payable Bonds payable
Short-term borrowings Commercial papers
Current portion of long-term borrowings Long-term borrowings
Total
Current liabilities Non-current labilities Total
(Transition Date)
10,081 49,967 18,506 33,000 13,992
115,268 240,815
75,580 165,235 240,815
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
10,066 49,905 15,356 32,000 23,294
103,279 233,900
80,716 153,184 233,900
December 31, 2018
10,006 59,826 14,936 28,500 20,422 94,657
228,346
73,863 154,483 228,346
                                                            Bonds and borrowings are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.
Short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings’ average interest rates at January 1, 2017, (Transition Date) were 0.57% and 0.67%, respectively.
Short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings’ average interest rates at December 31, 2017, were 0.79% and 0.70%, respectively. Short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings’ average interest rates at December 31, 2018, were 1.16% and 0.63%, respectively. Long-term borrowings’ maturity dates range from 2019 to 2028.
-40-

    (2) Details of bond issues
Details of bond issues are presented below.
           As of January 1, 2017 (Transitio n Date)
  As of December 31, 2017
    As of December 31, 2018
   As of December 31, 2018
       Company name
Issue
26th Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 27th Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 28th Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 29th Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 30th Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 31st Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 32nd Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds
Date of Interest
issuance Maturity date rate Collateral
(%)
March 2, March 2, 0.64 None 2012 2017
March 14, March 14, 0.39 None 2013 2018
(Millions of yen)
9,998 – – (9,998)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
–
–
90,023
90,094 (90,094)
89,996
89,942
89,826
               9,987
9,968
9,970
9,960
9,953
–
9,998 – (9,998)
         December 5, December 4, 2013 2020
0.61 None
9,976
9,981
9,970
9,964
9,952
9,984
9,992 (9,992)
9,981
9,975
9,963
         Sapporo Holdings Limited (the Company)
September September 0.31 None 12, 2014 12, 2019
September September 0.33 None
         10, 2015
March 22, 2016
June 1, 2017
10, 2020
March 22, 2021
0.25 None
                  June 1, 2022 0.15 None
                    Euro-yen Convertible Bonds with Share Acquisition Rights due 2021
April 27, 2018
April 27, 2021
–
None
–
–
19,875
179,200
                     MARU- SHINKA- WAMURA INC.
(Note 2)
Subsidiary’s straight corporate bonds
October 2, 2012 to March 14, 2016
September 25, 2017 to February 28, 2029
0.47 to 0.65
None
212 (83)
129 (68)
61 (13)
546 (119)
          Total – – – – –
60,049 (10,081)
59,971 (10,066)
69,832 (10,006)
629,628 (90,213)
          (Notes) 1 Amounts in parentheses are bonds scheduled to mature within one year.
2 All outstanding bonds issued by subsidiary MARUSHINKAWAMURA INC. are aggregated together.
-41-

(3) Assets pledged as collateral
Assets pledged as collateral and secured liabilities are presented below.
 Assets pledged as collateral
As of
Land
Investment securities Other
Total Secured liabilities
As of
Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings
Total
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
2,051 7,498 1,076
10,625
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
5,902 15,309 21,211
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
2,051 8,693 1,090
11,833
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
5,610 14,471 20,081
December 31, 2018
2,051 7,490 1,250
10,791
December 31, 2018
5,430 12,749 18,179
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
18,490 67,532 11,270 97,292
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
48,959 114,951 163,910
                                                           In addition to the above, Pokka International Pte. Ltd.’s cash and deposits (27 million yen at January 1, 2017 (Transition Date); 28 million yen at December 31, 2017; 27 million yen (242 thousand U.S. dollars) at December 31, 2018) were pledged as collateral for a line of credit (871 million yen at January 1, 2017 (Transition Date); 913 million yen at December 31, 2017; 874 million yen (7,880 thousand U.S. dollars) at December 31, 2018). Short-term borrowings were outstanding under the line of credit (9 million yen at January 1, 2017 (Transition Date); 8 million yen at December 31, 2017; 4 million yen (33 thousand U.S. dollars) at December 31, 2018).
21. Leases
(1) Income and expense items related to right-of-use assets
Income and expense items related to right-of-use assets are presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
32,738 7,336 18,242 196 58,513 15,401 42,111 7,951 3,597
   For the fiscal year ended
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets for which buildings and structures are the underlying asset
Right-of-use assets for which machinery and vehicles are the underlying asset
Right-of-use assets for which tools, furniture and fixtures are the underlying asset
Right-of-use assets for which land is the underlying asset
Total depreciation
Expense relating to short-term leases under recognition exemptions
Expense relating to leases of low-value assets under recognition exemptions
Expense relating to variable lease payments Income from subleasing right-of-use assets
December 31, 2017
3,872 519 2,285 157 6,833 1,697 4,728 767 365
December 31, 2018
3,631 814 2,023 22 6,490 1,708 4,671 882 399
                                            -42-

 (2) Variable lease payments (Lessee)
 Some real estate leases within the Group include payment terms that vary as a function of the amount of sales generated by
 the restaurants or cafés occupying the leased premises. Such variable payment terms are used to link lease payments to cash
 flows of restaurants or cafés and minimize fixed costs.
 Fixed and variable lease payments (mainly for properties leased from external lessors) by restaurant brand are presented below.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
            Sapporo Lion Ltd. Pokka Create Co., Ltd.
Total
Fixed payments
2,058 1,358 3,417
Variable payments
447 152 599
Variable payments
466 149 615
Variable payments
4,205 1,341 5,546
(Millions of yen)
Total payments
2,505 1,510 4,016
(Millions of yen)
Total payments
2,332 1,568 3,900
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Total payments
21,023 14,142 35,164
              For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Fixed payments
            Sapporo Lion Ltd. Pokka Create Co., Ltd.
Total
1,865 1,420 3,285
              For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Fixed payments
            Sapporo Lion Ltd. Pokka Create Co., Ltd.
Total
(3) Extension options and termination options (Lessee)
16,817 12,801 29,618
               Each Group subsidiary assumes responsibility for lease management. Accordingly, the lease terms and conditions are
 negotiated on a case-by-case basis, and the resultant leases contain widely differing contractual terms.
Extension options and termination options are included mainly in
Most such leases provide an option to extend the lease for one year or a period equivalent to the original lease term and an option to terminate the lease early by furnishing six months’ advance notice in writing to the other party.
real estate leases pertaining to restaurants and warehouses. These options are used by lessees as needed in utilizing real estate in their businesses.
 (4) Residual value guarantees (Lessee)
Amounts scheduled to be payable pursuant to the residual value guarantees are presented below.
 The Group leases vending machines and plant facilities. In these leases, it guarantees the residual value of the right-of-use
 assets at the end of the contractual lease term.
        As of
(5) Sale and leaseback transactions (Lessee)
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
1,645
(Millions of yen) December 31, 2017
1,759
December 31, 2018 1,669
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 15,044
      Amounts scheduled to be payable under residual value guarantees
      From the standpoint of effective utilization of assets held, the Group monetized land and buildings at its Japanese Alcoholic Beverages segment’s Gunma Plant (Kizaki) site in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, by selling them and leasing
-43-

back a portion of the land for 10-50 years and the buildings for 10 years. The Group has no option to repurchase the assets at the end of the contractual leaseback term. The impact arising from the sale and leaseback transaction was insignificant.
(6) Finance leases (Lessor)
Finance income on net investments in leases and income relating to variable lease payments are presented below.
    (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 35
158
   For the fiscal year ended
Finance income on net investments in leases Income relating to variable lease payments
December 31, 2017 4
14
December 31, 2018 4
18
            (7) Maturity analysis (Lessor)
The Group mainly leases real estate.
Lease payments receivable balances and lease payments under operating leases are disaggregated below by due date.
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years and within 2 and within 3 and within 4 and within 5
(Millions of yen)
                Lease payments receivable Lease payments
As of December 31, 2017
Within 1 year
233
9,457
Within 1 year
286 10,839
Within 1 year
306 10,849
Within 1 year
2,758 97,818
years 193
5,805
years 111
4,152
years 57
2,773
years 17
2,228
Over 5 years
13 8,025
Total
624 32,441
                 (Millions of yen)
        Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years and within 2 and within 3 and within 4 and within 5
Over 5 years
12 9,714
Total
564 39,725
        Lease payments receivable Lease payments
As of December 31, 2018
years 158
8,942
years 71
4,517
years 30
3,095
years 2,619
6
                 (Millions of yen)
        Lease payments receivable Lease payments
As of December 31, 2018
years 204
5,725
years 119
3,379
years 74
2,857
years 60
2,572
Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years and within 2 and within 3 and within 4 and within 5
Over 5 years
220 7,334
Total
983 32,715
                         (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
        Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years and within 2 and within 3 and within 4 and within 5
Over 5 years
1,985 66,129
Total
8,860 294,970
        Lease payments receivable Lease payments
years 1,836
51,615
years 1,075
30,465
years 666
25,755
years 539
23,187
                  (8) Risk management strategy (Lessor)
 The Group collects leasehold deposits to ensure that it recovers any expenses incurred to restore leased properties to their
 status quo ante.
-44-

22. Trade and Other Payables
A breakdown of trade and other payables is presented below.
       As of
Notes and accounts payable - trade
(Millions of yen)
January 1, 2017 December 31, (Transition Date) 2017
December 31, 2018
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
318,203
     38,460 36,488
Trade and other payables are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.
35,292
     23. Retirement Benefits (1) Defined benefit plans
retirees.
 The Company and some of its consolidated subsidiaries have set up corporate pension fund plans and lump-sum payment
 plans as defined benefit plans. Certain consolidated subsidiaries have joined the Smaller Enterprise Retirement Allowance
 Mutual Aid System. Certain consolidated subsidiaries have established retirement benefit trusts. Additionally, the Company
 and some consolidated subsidiaries have established defined contribution plans and retirement benefit prepayment plans.
 Benefit amounts under defined benefit plans are calculated based on points awarded for length of service, a payment rate
 that varies as a function of length of service and other conditions. In some cases, additional amounts are paid to early
 The defined benefit plans are mainly operated by corporate pension funds legally separate from the Group in accord with the
 Defined-Benefit Corporate Pension Act. The pension funds’ governing bodies and pension management trustees are legally
 required to act in the best interests of plan members. They have assumed responsibility for managing plan assets in
 accordance with prescribed policies.
 The Group’s retirement benefit plans are exposed to multiple risks, including investment risk associated with plan assets and
 interest rate risk associated with defined benefit plans.
Defined benefit plan amounts carried on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position are presented below.
   (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
460,333 (354,706) 105,627
– 105,627 105,627
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 14,361 298 14,659
    As of
Present value of defined benefit obligations Fair value of plan assets
Net defined benefit liability
Retirement benefit asset Retirement benefit liability
Net defined benefit liability
For the fiscal year ended
Current service cost
Interest expenses and interest income
Total
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
51,563 (42,567)
8,996
– 8,996 8,996
(Millions of yen)
December 31, December 31, 2017 2018
51,352 51,056 (45,069) (39,340)
6,283 11,715 – –
6,283 11,715 6,283 11,715
(Millions of yen)
                                           Amounts recognized as expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss in relation to defined benefit plans are presented below.
      December 31, 2017 1,651 25 1,676
December 31, 2018 1,593 33 1,626
                -45-

Changes in the present value of defined benefit obligations are presented below. (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 463,008 14,361 3,011 4,562 2,757 930 875 (24,609) 460,333
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 406,357 9,327
(56,166) 17,358 (22,169) 354,706
      For the fiscal year ended
Balance at beginning of period
Current service cost
Interest expenses
December 31, 2017 51,563 1,651 197
December 31, 2018 51,352 1,593 334 506 306 103 97 (2,729) 51,056
                Remeasurements 880
Actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions Actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in financial assumptions
    3,271 (1,828) Other (564)
            Benefits paid
Balance at end of period
Changes in the fair value of plan assets are presented below.
(2,938) 51,352
           (Millions of yen)
   For the fiscal year ended Balance at beginning of period Interest income Remeasurements
Return on plan assets Company contributions Benefits paid
Balance at end of period
December 31, 2017 42,567 962
865 3,013 (2,339) 45,069
December 31, 2018 45,069 1,034
(6,229) 1,925 (2,459) 39,340
                                The values of the key actuarial assumption used to determine the present value of defined benefit obligations are presented below.
    As of
Discount rate (%)
As of Discount rate
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
December 31, 2017 0.5 to 0.7%
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2018 0.4 to 0.7%
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
(27,425) 29,888
    0.3 to 0.5%
      The effects on the defined benefit obligations of a hypothetical 0.5 percentage point increase or 0.5 percentage point decrease in the discount rate, the key actuarial assumption, are presented below. This sensitivity analysis assumes that all actuarial assumptions other than the one subject to the analysis remain constant.
           0.5 percentage point increase 0.5 percentage point decrease
December 31, 2017
(3,063) 3,339
December 31, 2018
(3,042) 3,315
         -46-

   The following table presents the fair value of plan assets by major category. As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
    Plan assets that have a quoted market price in an active market
927
11,853 4,184 7,668
16,090 12,438 3,652 – Other –
Plan assets that do not have a quoted market price in an active market
–
– – – – – –
10,017 3,693 13,710
Plan assets that do not have a quoted market price in an active market
–
– – – – – –
10,595 3,428 14,023
(Millions of yen) Total
927 11,853 4,184 7,668 16,078 12,426 3,652 10,017 3,693 42,567
(Millions of yen) Total
412 13,703 4,972 8,730 16,932 13,326 3,605 10,595 3,428 45,069
    Cash and cash equivalents Equity instruments
Domestic stocks
                  Foreign stocks Debt instruments
            Domestic bonds
      Foreign bonds
Life insurance general accounts
              Total
As of December 31, 2017
Cash and cash equivalents Equity instruments
Domestic stocks
Foreign stocks Debt instruments
Domestic bonds
28,870
Plan assets that have a quoted market price in an active market
412
13,703 4,972 8,730
16,932
13,326
                                                    Foreign bonds
Life insurance general accounts
Other –
Total 31,046
3,605
–
                -47-

      As of December 31, 2018
    Plan assets that have a quoted market price in an active market
988
10,128 3,511 6,617
15,586 12,717 2,869 – Other –
Plan assets that do not have a quoted market price in an active market
– – – – – – –
9,686
2,951 12,637
(Millions of yen) Total
988 10,128 3,511 6,617 15,586 12,717 2,869 9,686 2,951 39,340
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Total
8,913 91,321 31,660 59,661
140,529 114,660 25,869 87,336 26,608 354,706
     Cash and cash equivalents Equity instruments
Domestic stocks
                  Foreign stocks Debt instruments
            Domestic bonds
      Foreign bonds
Life insurance general accounts
                   Total
As of December 31, 2018
Cash and cash equivalents Equity instruments
Domestic stocks
Foreign stocks Debt instruments
Domestic bonds
26,703
        Plan assets that have a Plan assets that do not quoted market price in have a quoted market in an active market an active market
8,913 – 91,321 – 31,660 – 59,661 –
140,529 – 114,660 – 25,869 – – 87,336 Other – 26,608 Total 240,762 113,944
                                         Foreign bonds
Life insurance general accounts
                 The Group’s plan asset management policy aims to earn on a long-term basis overall returns required to ensure that benefits payable under defined benefit plans are paid into the future while staying within the plans’ risk tolerance.
To achieve this objective, the plans conduct pension ALM (asset-liability management) with the assistance of external entities and have formulated policy asset mixes that optimally combine asset classes from a forward-looking perspective. In the policy asset mixes, the plans set risk levels, expected rates of return and asset allocations by investable asset class and manage their assets by maintaining those allocations.
In the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019, the Group plans to contribute 1,851 million yen (16,693 thousand U.S. dollars) to the plans.
The weighted-average durations for the defined benefit obligations at January 1, 2017 (Transition Date), December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, were 10.2 to 14.8 years, 9.7 to 13.4 years and 9.1 to 13.5 years, respectively.
  -48-

(2) Defined contribution plans and public plans
Amounts recognized as expenses in relation to defined contribution plans in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, were 4,041 million yen and 3,963 million (35,733 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
The above amounts include amounts recognized as expenses in relation to public plans.
24. Other Financial Liabilities
A breakdown of other financial liabilities is presented below.
   (Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
5,861 219,434 65,151 410,903 16,698 718,046
305,703 412,344 718,046
Derivative liabilities (except those subject to hedge
through profit or loss. Accounts payable - other, deposits received, and guarantee deposits received are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.
    As of
Derivative liabilities Accounts payable - other Deposits received Guarantee deposits received Other
Total
Current liabilities Non-current labilities
Total
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
539 23,028 8,031 47,497 2,139 81,233
33,108 48,125 81,233
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
511 23,899 7,687 45,405 1,732 79,233
33,277 45,956 79,233
December 31, 2018
650 24,337 7,226 45,573 1,852 79,639
33,905 45,733 79,639
                                                       25. Other Liabilities
A breakdown of other liabilities is presented below.
accounting) are classified as
financial liabilities measured at fair value
       As of
Accrued expenses
Accrued alcohol tax
Accrued consumption taxes
Employees’ bonuses
Employee compensated absence liabilities, etc.
Other
Total
Current liabilities Non-current labilities
Total
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
18,354 34,228 4,616 2,980 999 7,934 69,112
66,424 2,689 69,112
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
18,284 34,408 4,668 3,090 968 7,793 69,211
66,590 2,621 69,211
December 31, 2018
18,330 32,363 4,946 2,180 973 7,458 66,251
63,260 2,991 66,251
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
165,267 291,798 44,594 19,658 8,776 67,248 597,341
570,376 26,965 597,341
                                                            -49-

26. Equity
The number of shares authorized and shares issued are presented below.
   For the fiscal year ended Number of authorized shares Number of shares issued
At beginning of period Changes during period At end of period
December 31, 2017 200,000
78,794 – 78,794
(Thousands of shares) December 31, 2018
200,000
78,794 – 78,794
(Thousands of shares) December 31, 2018
902 8
(2) 908
                  All shares have no par value. Issued shares are fully paid-up.
Additions to and reductions in treasury share holdings during the fiscal year are presented below.
   For the fiscal year ended At beginning of period Additions
Reductions
At end of period
December 31, 2017
   899 5
(2) 902
            The additions to treasury share holdings were odd-lot share purchases of 5,000 shares in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and 8,000 shares in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The reductions in treasury share holdings in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, consisted of odd-lot share sales of 1,000 shares and disposal of 2,000 shares in conjunction with rights exercised by the Board Benefit Trust (BBT). In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, the reductions consisted of odd-lot share sales of 1,000 shares and disposal of 1,000 shares in conjunction with rights exercised by the BBT.
Capital surplus consists of legal capital surplus and other capital surplus. Japan’s Companies Act (the “Companies Act”) stipulates that when shares are issued, at least half of the amount paid or the amount of properties delivered in consideration for the shares must be credited to share capital and the remainder must be credited to legal capital surplus.
Additionally, retained earnings consist of legal retained earnings and other retained earnings. The Companies Act stipulates that one-tenth of any amounts paid from retained earnings or other surplus as dividends must be accumulated in legal capital surplus or legal retained earnings until legal capital surplus and legal retained earnings’ sum total equals one-quarter of share capital.
27. Dividends
Dividends paid are presented below.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
      Resolution
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 30, 2017
Class of shares Ordinary shares
Total amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
2,888
Dividends per share (Yen)
37.00
Record date
December 31, 2016
Effective date
March 31, 2017
            -50-

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
  Resolution
  Class of shares
   Total amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
 Total amount of dividends (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
   Dividend s per share (Yen)
  Dividends per share (U.S. dollars)
 Record date
   Effective date
  Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 29, 2018
   Ordinary shares
    3,122
  28,146
    40.00
   0.36
  December 31, 2017
    March 30, 2018
 Dividends whose effective date falls in the following fiscal year are presented below. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
      Resolution
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 29, 2018
Class of shares Ordinary shares
Total amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
3,122
Dividends per share (Yen)
40.00
Record date
December 31, 2017
Effective date
March 30, 2018
            For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
  Resolution
  Class of shares
  Total amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
  Total amount of dividends (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
   Dividend s per share (Yen)
  Dividends per share (U.S. dollars)
 Record date
   Effective date
  Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 28, 2019
   Ordinary shares
   3,277
   29,550
    42.00
   0.38
  December 31, 2018
    March 29, 2019
 28. Revenue
(1) Disaggregation of revenue
i) Revenue recognized from contracts with customers and other sources
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 4,487,537 217,683 4,705,220
      For the fiscal year ended
Revenue recognized from contracts with customers Revenue recognized from other sources
Total
December 31, 2017 513,041 23,545 536,585
December 31, 2018 497,713 24,143 521,856
                  Revenue recognized from other sources is mostly rental income recognized pursuant to IFRS 16. Said rental income included 565 million yen and 570 million yen (5,137 thousand U.S. dollars) of income relating to variable lease payments in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2018, respectively.
-51-

ii) Revenue disaggregated by geographical area and segment For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
          Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business
International Business
Food & Soft Drinks Business
Restaurants Business Real Estate Business
Japan North America
258,941 –
– 77,211
111,803 59
27,655 –
23,893 –
Other 2,547
1,415 20,231 984 – 207 25,384 25,384 –
(Millions of yen) Total
261,489 78,626 132,092 28,639 23,893 11,846 536,585 513,041 23,545
(Millions of yen) Total
250,867 79,521 127,219 27,569 24,483 12,198 521,856 497,713 24,143
                           Other 11,622 17
Total 433,914 77,287
                Revenue recognized from contracts with customers Revenue recognized from other sources
410,370 77,287 23,545 –
           The above revenues are presented net of internal transactions between Group companies. Revenue recognized from other sources is mostly rental income recognized pursuant to IFRS 16.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 Japan
North America –
78,005 81 – – 37 78,123 78,123 –
Other 2,247
1,516 19,538 573 – 197 24,071 24,071 –
          Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business
International Business
Food & Soft Drinks Business
Restaurants Business Real Estate Business
248,620
–
107,600
26,996
24,483
                         Other 11,964
Total 419,662
               Revenue recognized from contracts with customers Revenue recognized from other sources
395,519 24,143
          -52-

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Japan North America
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Total
          Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business
Other 20,258
13,668 176,160 5,166 – 1,775 217,027 217,027 –
2,241,636 – – 703,318 970,153 729 243,404 – 220,743 – Other 107,873 335
2,261,895 716,986 1,147,043 248,570 220,743 109,982 4,705,220 4,487,537 217,683
     International Business
     Food & Soft Drinks Business
     Restaurants Business Real Estate Business
               Total
Revenue recognized from contracts with customers Revenue recognized from other sources
3,783,810 704,382 3,566,127 704,382 217,683 –
                    The above revenues are presented net of internal transactions between Group companies. Revenue recognized from other sources is mostly rental income recognized pursuant to IFRS 16.
 The Group comprises Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business, International Business, Food & Soft Drinks Business, Restaurants Business, Real Estate Business and Other Business segments as the basis of its organization. The segments’ operating results are regularly reviewed by the Company’s Board of Directors to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and assess their performance. The Group therefore presents revenues earned by these segments as revenue. Additionally, revenue is geographically disaggregated based on customers’ locations.
Revenue generated by these segments is recognized in accordance with contracts with customers. Revenue that includes variable or other such consideration is insignificant in amount. Additionally, promised amounts of the consideration do not include a significant financing component.
Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business
In the Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business segment, Sapporo Breweries Ltd. manufactures and sells beer, low-malt beer (happoshu), domestic wine and other alcoholic beverages while Yebisu Winemart Co., Ltd., sells wine, Western liquor and other alcoholic beverages through both in-store and online channels.
Sapporo Breweries’ customers are mainly retailers and wholesalers. Sapporo Breweries recognizes revenue when it transfers control of its products to the customer (i.e., when the products are delivered to the location designated by the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the products, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products are transferred to the customer and the customer gains the right to set sales prices and determine how to sell the products. Sapporo Breweries generally receives payment within three months of products’ delivery, the point in time at which its performance obligations are satisfied.
Yebisu Winemart’s customers are mainly consumers who use its stores. For such sales, Yebisu Winemart recognizes revenue when it transfers control of merchandise to the customer (i.e., when the merchandise is provided to the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the merchandise, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the merchandise are transferred to the customer. Yebisu Winemart generally receives payment of consideration upon satisfaction of its performance obligations.
International Business
In the International Business segment, Sapporo International Inc. operates in administrative and supervisory capacities as the segment’s nucleus, Sapporo U.S.A., Inc. sells beer in the U.S., Sleeman Breweries Ltd. manufactures and sells beer in Canada, and Sapporo Vietnam Ltd. manufactures and sells beer in Vietnam.
Overseas customers to which the Group sells beer are mainly retailers and wholesalers. Revenue from such sales is recognized when control of the products is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the products are delivered to the location designated by the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the products, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products are transferred to the customer and the customer gains the right to set sales prices and determine how to sell the products. Payment is generally received within three months of products’ delivery, the point in time at which performance obligations are satisfied.
    -53-

Food & Soft Drinks Business
In the Food & Soft Drinks Business segment, Pokka Sapporo Food & Beverage Ltd. manufactures and sells soft drinks, bottled water and food while Pokka Create Co., Ltd. operates cafés. Overseas, Pokka Corporation (Singapore) PTE. LTD. manufactures and sells soft drinks and food in Singapore; Pokka Ace (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. and Pokka (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. manufacture and sell soft drinks and food in Malaysia; and PT. Pokka Dima International manufactures and sells soft drinks in Indonesia.
Customers to which the Group sells food and soft drinks are mainly retailers and wholesalers. Revenue from such sales is recognized when control of the products is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the products are delivered to the location designated by the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the products, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products are transferred to the customer and the customer gains the right to set sales prices and determine how to sell the products. Payment is generally received within three months of products’ delivery, the point in time at which performance obligations are satisfied.
The café customers are mainly consumers who use the cafés. Revenue from such sales is recognized when control of merchandise is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the merchandise is served to the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the merchandise, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the merchandise are transferred to the customer. Payment of the consideration is generally received upon satisfaction of performance obligations.
Restaurants Business
In the Restaurants Business segment, Sapporo Lion Ltd. operates eating and drinking establishments in various formats, most notably the Lion chain of beer halls and restaurants. Overseas, Sapporo Lion (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. operates an eating and drinking establishment in Singapore
The various eating and drinking establishment customers are mainly consumers who use the eating and drinking establishments. Revenue from such sales is recognized when control of merchandise is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the merchandise is served to the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the merchandise, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the merchandise are transferred to the customer. Payment of the consideration is generally received upon satisfaction of performance obligations.
Real Estate Business
In the Real Estate Business segment, Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd. manages and operates Yebisu Garden Place complex that includes office space, residential units, retail stores, restaurants and cultural facilities (Shibuya-ku and Meguro-ku, Tokyo); and Sapporo Factory, a shopping and entertainment complex (Chuo-ku, Sapporo). Tokyo Energy Service Co., Ltd. supplies energy to the Yebisu Garden Place properties.
Rental income from management and operation of real estate is recognized in the period earned, in accordance with IFRS 16.
Other Business
In the Other Business segment, Shinsyu-ichi Miso Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells food.
The customers to which it sells food are mainly retailers and wholesalers. Revenue from such sales is recognized when control of the products is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the products are delivered to the location designated by the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the products, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products are transferred to the customer and the customer gains the right to set sales prices and determine how to sell the products. Shinsyu-ichi Miso generally receives payment within three months of products’ delivery, the point in time at which its performance obligations are satisfied.
The Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business, International Business and Food & Soft Drinks Business segments’ products are sometimes sold subject to special terms, including rebates contingent on achievement of a certain target such as a sales volume or sales revenue target (“target rebates”). In such cases, the transaction price is measured at the promised consideration in the contract with the customer less the estimated target rebate or other amount contingently payable to the customer. Target rebates and other amounts contingently payable to customers are estimated using the most likely amount method based on historical data and other relevant information. Revenue is recognized net of estimated rebates only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur.
When the Group pays sales promotion incentives or other such consideration to customers, revenue is measured by deducting the consideration from the transaction price if the consideration is a payment for a distinct good or service from the customer and the good or service’s fair value cannot be reasonably estimated.
    -54-

(2) Contract balances
Balances of receivables, contract assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers are presented below.
       As of
Receivables from contracts with customers
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Total
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
96,574 96,574
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017
98,325 98,325
December 31, 2018
93,340 93,340
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
841,587 841,587
                    (3) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations
The Group has no significant individual transactions with an expected contract term longer than one year. Additionally, the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations does not include consideration that has been excluded from the transaction price.
(4) Assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer
Of incremental costs of obtaining contracts with customers and costs incurred to fulfill contracts with customers, any amounts expected to be recovered are recognized as assets and carried on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as “other assets.” Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained.
 The Group has no incremental costs of obtaining contracts that are recognized as assets.
29. Employee Benefit Expenses
A breakdown of employee benefit expenses is presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
543,451 68,768 24,158
636,377
31, 2017, and December
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
11,529 6,391 9,210
27,129
   For the fiscal year ended Wages and salaries
Social security expenses Retirement benefit expenses
Total
30. Research and Development Expenditures
December 31, 2017
60,987 7,641 2,765
71,392
December 31, 2018
60,274 7,627 2,679
70,581
                    Research and development expenditures recognized as expenses in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, were 2,791 million yen and 2,901 million yen (26,155 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
31. Other Operating Income and Other Operating Expenses
A breakdown of other operating income is presented below.
For the fiscal year ended
Gain on sale of fixed assets
Valuation gain on exchange of production equipment Other
Total
(Millions of yen)
      December 31, 2017
275 – 755 1,029
December 31, 2018
1,279 709 1,021 3,009
                    -55-

A breakdown of other operating expenses is presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
5,587 48,962 – 4,868 59,416
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
1,311
8,816 145 10,271
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
15,475 5,877 1,138
– 22,489
   December 31, 2017
994 3,810 307 Other 558 Total 5,669
32. Finance Income and Finance Costs
A breakdown of finance income and finance costs is presented below. (1) Finance income
December 31, 2018
For the fiscal year ended
    Loss on sale and retirement of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets
620 5,430 – 540 6,590
    Impairment losses Compensation expenses
                   (Millions of yen)
   For the fiscal year ended Interest income
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Dividend income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
December 31, 2017
168
December 31, 2018
        1,162 Other 8 Total 1,338
145
978 16 1,139
            (2) Finance costs
For the fiscal year ended Interest expenses
(Millions of yen)
      December 31, 2017
1,750 646 87 Other 142 Total 2,626
December 31, 2018
1,716 652 126 – 2,494
    Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Lease liabilities Foreign exchange loss
                -56-

33. Other Comprehensive Income
Changes in items of other comprehensive income during each year are presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
(119,766)
36,803
(82,963)
(48,097) 14,840 (33,257)
(24,928)
–
–
(24,928)
2,204 (2,594) (234) (624) (141,772)
   For the fiscal year ended
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Amount arising during period Tax effect
Net amount
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Amount arising during period Tax effect
Net amount
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Amount arising during period Reclassification adjustments Tax effect
Net amount
Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Amount arising during period Reclassification adjustments Tax effect
Net amount
Total other comprehensive income
December 31, 2017
11,804 (3,602) 8,202
776 (239) 537
1,032 – – 1,032
159 26
(71) 114 9,884
December 31, 2018
(13,283)
4,082
(9,201)
(5,334) 1,646 (3,688)
(2,765)
–
–
(2,765)
244 (288) (26) (69) (15,724)
                                                                                                   -57-

                                                                                                        34. Cash Flows
(1) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
(Millions of yen)
      Item
Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings (Note) Bonds payable (Note)
Lease liabilities
Derivative liabilities (assets) held to hedge liabilities
January 1, 2017
18,506
33,000 129,260 60,049 31,231
Other
Changes from financing cash flows
(3,076) (1,000) (103) (123) (6,686)
– 269,486 (10,989)
Non-cash changes
Acquisition Currency of right-of- translation
use assets gains (losses)
– 39 – – – (2,697) – –
7,127 121
     Changes in
 fair values
               – – – – –
(113) 15,356 – 32,000 113 126,573 45 59,971 (965) 30,828
– (811) (920) 263,916
(Millions of yen)
– 14,936 – 28,500 – 115,079
(92) 69,832 (718) 31,238 – 125 (809) 259,710
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December Other 31, 2018
– 134,664 – 256,965 – 1,037,587
(825) 629,628 (6,473) 281,654 – 1,129 (7,298) 2,341,626
                                                                           (2,560)
– 7,127
– 1,749 (2,538) 1,749
               Total (Note)
Includes current portion of long-term borrowings During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
and current portion of bonds payable.
                 Item
January 1, 2018
15,356
32,000 126,573 59,971 30,828
Changes from financing cash flows
(264) (3,500) (10,524)
Acquisition of right-of- use assets
– – – –
Non-cash changes
Currency Changes in translation fair values
gains (losses)
(156) –
– – (970) – – – (391) – – 936 (1,518) 936
Non-cash changes
Other
        Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings (Note) Bonds payable (Note)
Lease liabilities
Derivative liabilities (assets) held to hedge liabilities
9,953 (7,038)
                                8,557 (811) – –
                Total
263,916 (11,373)
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
8,557
Acquisition of right-of- use assets
– – – –
77,156 – 77,156
             Changes from financing cash flows
(2,383) (31,557) (94,883)
89,736 (63,455)
–
Total
(Note) Includes current portion of long-term borrowings
    Item
January 1, 2018
138,454
288,522 1,141,219 540,717 277,952
(7,311)
Currency translation gains (losses)
(1,407) –
(8,749) –
(3,526) –
(13,683)
        Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings (Note) Bonds payable (Note)
Lease liabilities
Derivative liabilities (assets) held to hedge liabilities
Changes in fair values
– – – – –
8,439
8,439 payable.
                                                2,379,554 (102,543)
        and current portion of bonds -58-
December 31, 2017
 December 31, 2018

(2) Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
The Group acquired Anchor Brewing Company, LLC. Details are disclosed under “7. Business Combinations, (3) Assets acquired and liabilities assumed.”
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
The Group acquired trust beneficiary rights in investment and rental property. Details are disclosed under “16. Investment Property, (1) Changes in carrying amounts.”
35. Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share, diluted earnings per share and the basis of their calculation are presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 76,830 118 76,948
   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
Profit attributable to owners of parent 7,187
Adjustment –
December 31, 2018 8,521 13 8,534
77,891
3,783 25
81,699
109.40
104.46
            Profit used to calculate diluted earnings per share
Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during period (Thousands of shares)
Effects of dilutive potential ordinary shares (Thousands of shares)
Convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Board Benefit Trust (BBT)
Diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during period (Thousands of shares)
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
7,187 77,894
– 12
77,906
(Yen) 92.27
92.25
(U.S. dollars) 0.99
0.94
                                     (Note) The number of the Company’s own shares held by Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd.
association with the “Board Benefit Trust (BBT)” plan is included in the number of treasury shares that are deducted in the calculation of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period for the purpose of calculating earnings per share.
The weighted average number of such treasury shares for calculating earnings per share for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 was 150,253 shares and 148,386 shares, respectively.
36. Share-based Payment
(1) Overview of performance-based share-based payment plan
Effective May 31, 2016, the Company adopted a Board Benefit Trust plan (the “BBT Plan”) as a compensation plan for corporate officers pursuant to a resolution approved at the 92nd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 30, 2016.
The BBT Plan is a share-based payment plan where Company shares are acquired through a trust, using funds contributed by the Company, and compensation is paid through the trust to eligible corporate officers of the Group in the form of Company shares and cash in an amount equivalent to the market value of Company shares at end of the recipient’s tenure as an eligible corporate officer in accordance with Corporate Officer Share-Based Payment Regulations prescribed by the Company and its subsidiaries that participate in the BBT Plan. As a general rule, eligible corporate officers of the Group receive Company shares as compensation upon completion of their tenure as eligible corporate officers.
The BBT Plan’s trustee, Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd., acquired 754,600 shares by purchasing them from the Company’s treasury share holdings using money in an amount of 445 million yen, which had been entrusted by the Company on May 31, 2016. Future share acquisition plans have yet to be determined. Even after being deposited to the trust, the shares held in trust are still accounted for as treasury shares. Compensation paid by the share-based payment plan is
-59-
(Trust Account E) in

accounted for as equity-settled share-based payments.
Effective July 1, 2016, the Company implemented a five-for-one reverse split of its ordinary shares. The number of treasury shares held by the BBT trust account at December 31, 2018 was 147,920 shares.
(2) Amounts recognized on Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 29
      For the fiscal year ended
Total expenses recognized due to performance-based share-based compensation plan
December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 120 3
        Share-based payment expenses are included in “selling, general and administrative expenses.”
37. Financial Instruments (1) Capital management
The Group’s basic policy is to endeavor to increase its profitability and expand its growth businesses while appropriately allocating the resources it obtains from its operations to growth investments and solidification of its financial foundations in accord with its Medium-Term Management Plan. In terms of financial strategy, the Group plans to proactively make growth investments in pursuit of corporate value accretion and to become more stable by strengthening its financial foundations.
The key performance indicator that the Group uses for capital management is the net debt/equity ratio. The Group will scrutinize its capital efficiency more rigorously, further increase financial discipline across all of its businesses, proactively migrate to an asset-light model and manage its cash flows with an emphasis on efficiency. It will allocate capital by striving to maintain a proper balance among investment, shareholder returns and improvement in its financial condition. It aims to reduce its net debt/equity ratio to below 1.0.
The Group’s net debt/equity ratio is presented below.
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
(2) Matters pertaining to risk management
    As of December 31, 2017
1.5
Net interest-bearing debt = interest-bearing debt − (cash and cash equivalents + liquid investments)
As of December 31, 2018
    Net debt/equity ratio (Note) 1.7
1.5
    (Note) Net interest-bearing debt ÷ equity attributable to owners of parent
The Group is exposed to financial risks in the course of its business activities across a broad range of sectors in various regions and countries. To mitigate and avert these risks, the Group conducts risk management based on certain policies. With respect to derivatives, the Group’s policy is to limit its positions within the range of its actual demand for the underlying instrument or commodity and to never engage in speculative trading. Derivatives’ contract balances, fair value and other particulars are regularly reported to the corporate officer in charge of monitoring derivative exposures, in accord with internal regulations on trading authority, position limits and other such matters.
(3) Credit risk
Trade and other receivables that arise from the Group’s business activities are exposed to customers’ credit risk. Additionally, the Group’s securities holdings are exposed to the issuers’ credit risk. Moreover, derivative trades in which the Group engages to hedge financial risks are exposed to the credit risk of the financial institutions that are counterparties to the trades.
The Group regularly monitors the status of its debtors with significant trade receivable or long-term loan receivable balances in accordance with its Receivable Management Regulations. In addition to managing due dates and balances on a debtor-by- debtor basis, the Group is committed to early detection and mitigation of collection concerns due to deterioration in debtors’ financial condition. The Group’s bond holdings consist mainly of bonds issued by customers. The Group regularly checks the state of the issuers’ operations. When using derivatives, the Group trades only with highly creditworthy counterparties, mostly financial institutions, to minimize credit risk associated with contractual nonperformance by a counterparty. The Group does not have any excessive credit risk concentrations with special controls.
At the end of each fiscal year, the Group uses allowances for doubtful accounts to recognize impairment losses. For individually significant financial assets, it recognizes the impairment losses at an amount based on unrecoverable amount. For individually insignificant financial assets, it recognizes the impairment losses at an amount based on historical credit losses experience and other relevant information. Allowances for doubtful accounts associated with said financial assets are
-60-

included in “trade receivables” and “other financial assets” on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
Changes in allowances for doubtful accounts measured at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses are presented below.
For loans receivable, 12-month expected credit losses and lifetime expected credit losses do not differ significantly from each other.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 11,895 1,384
(956) (750) 870
12,443
   For the fiscal year ended
Balance at beginning of period Increase during period
Decrease during period (utilization) Decrease during period (reversal) Other changes
Balance at end of period
December 31, 2017 1,277
196 (82) (79)
6 1,319
December 31, 2018 1,319
154 (106) (83)
97 1,380
                            The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on financial assets is their post-impairment carrying amount presented on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
-61-

(4) Liquidity risk
Trade payables, borrowings and other liabilities are exposed to liquidity risk, the risk of inability to pay the liabilities when due as a result of changes in the financial environment or other such events.
The Group has adopted a cash management system in the aim of reducing consolidated interest-bearing debt and ensuring on-hand availability of sufficient liquidity through unified management of both its own funds and major consolidated subsidiaries’ funds. Finance staff manage liquidity risk by preparing funding and cash deployment plans, continually monitoring budgeted and actual cash flows and arranging overdraft facilities and other similar facilities on an ongoing basis.
Financial liability (including derivative financial instruments) balances are presented below by maturity or due date. As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
          Over 1 year and within 2 years
– – –
23,492 10,068 5,179 179 –
– 16 –
Over 2 years and within 3 years
– – –
20,518 10,013 3,553 124 –
– 144 –
Over 3 years and within 4 years
– – –
19,732 20,013 2,843 80 –
– 55 79
(Millions of yen) Over 4
         Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings Bonds payable
Lease liabilities Accounts payable - other Other (Note)
Carrying amount
38,460 18,506 33,000
129,260 60,049 31,231 23,028 57,688
Contractual cash flows
38,460 18,506 33,000
129,477 60,212 31,231 23,028 57,688
Within 1 year
38,460 18,506 33,000 13,993 10,083
6,609 22,579 10,528
2 1 –
years and within 5 years
– – –
17,468 10,008 2,091 49 –
– 148 –
Over 5 years
– – –
34,274 26 10,956 17 47,160
– 75
–
Derivative liabilities
Commodityfutures 2
2 Interest rate swaps 438 438
Cross-currency interest
transactions that they secure are ongoing.
rate swaps
(Note) “Other” mainly consists of deposits received
79 79
         and guarantee deposits received. Guarantee deposits received are classified in the “over 5 years” column because, as a general rule, they are not scheduled to be refunded as long as the business
-62-

As of December 31, 2017
         Over 1 year and within 2 years
– – –
20,455 10,013 4,651 194 –
– 78 –
Over 2 years and within 3 years
– – –
19,400 20,013 3,530 142 –
– 36 119
Over 3 years and within 4 years
– – –
19,543 10,008 2,738 77 –
– 115 –
(Millions of yen) Over 4
         Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings Bonds payable
Lease liabilities Accounts payable - other Other (Note)
Derivative liabilities Commodity futures
Interest rate swaps
Cross-currency interest
Carrying amount
36,488 15,356 32,000
126,573 59,971 30,828 23,899 54,923
17 293 119
Contractual cash flows
36,488 15,356 32,000
126,764 60,129 30,828 23,899 54,923
17 293
119
Within 1 year
36,488 15,356 32,000 23,297 10,068
6,533 23,456 9,817
17 3 –
years and within 5 years
– – –
14,540 10,003 2,621 29 –
– 60 –
Over 5 years
– – –
29,528 23 10,756 0 45,106
– – –
rate swaps
(Note) “Other” mainly consists of deposits received
received. Guarantee deposits received are classified scheduled to be refunded as long as the business
         and guarantee deposits in the “over 5 years” column because, as a general rule, they are not
transactions that they secure are ongoing. As of December 31, 2018
      Carrying amount
   Contractual cash flows
  Within 1 year
    Over 1 year and within 2 years
   Over 2 years and within 3 years
  Over 3 years and within 4 years
    Over 4 years and within 5 years
   Over 5 years
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings Bonds payable
Lease liabilities Accounts payable - other Other (Note)
35,292 14,936 28,500
115,079 69,832 31,238 24,337 54,956
35,292 35,292 14,936 14,936 28,500 28,500
115,236 20,424 70,061 10,013 31,238 6,743 24,337 23,998 54,956 9,890
– – – – – –
20,205 19,539 20,013 30,008 4,660 3,500 167 103 – –
– –
– – 24 104 142 –
(Millions of yen)
– – – – – – – – –
14,540 21,523 19,006 10,003 23 – 3,239 1,714 11,382 57 12 – – – 45,066
– – –
– – – 58 – – – – –
Derivative liabilities
Currencyforwards 8
Commodity futures
Interest rate swaps
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
8 8 172 172 172 204 204 18 142 142 –
         -63-

As of December 31, 2018
      Carrying amount
   Contractual cash flows
  Within 1 year
    Over 1 year and within 2 years
   Over 2 years and within 3 years
  Over 3 years and within 4 years
    Over 4 years and within 5 years
   Over 5 years
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings Bonds payable
Lease liabilities Accounts payable - other Other (Note)
Derivative liabilities
Currency forwards
Commodity futures
Interest rate swaps
Cross-currency interest
318,203
134,664
256,965
1,037,5 87
629,628 281,654 219,434 495,497
75 1,550 1,838 1,277
318,203
134,664
256,965
1,039,0 08
631,689 281,654 219,434 495,497
75 1,550 1,838 1,277
318,203 134,664 256,965 184,148
90,282
60,798 216,374 89,170
75 1,550 159 –
– – – – – –
182,172 176,170 180,445 270,564 42,015 31,558 1,508 933 – –
– –
– – 217 936 1,277 –
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
– – – – – – – – –
131,101 194,055 171,362 90,192 206 – 29,203 15,453 102,626
510 109 – – – 406,327
– – –
– – – 527 – –
– – –
rate swaps
(Note) “Other” mainly consists of deposits received
         and guarantee deposits received. Guarantee deposits received are classified in the “over 5 years” column because, as a general rule, they are not scheduled to be refunded as long as the business
transactions that they secure are ongoing.
(5) Currency risk
Foreign currency receivables and payables arising from the Group’s Global business operations are exposed to currency risk.
The Group hedges foreign currency trade receivables and payables, borrowings and loans receivable as necessary, using instruments such as currency forwards and currency swaps.
Exchange rate sensitivity analysis
If the yen had hypothetically been worth 1% more against the U.S. dollar than it actually was at fiscal year-end, the resultant effects on the Group’s foreign currency financial instrument holdings’ carrying amounts at fiscal year-end would have affected profit before tax on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss as shown below.
In this analysis, the effect on profit before tax was calculated by multiplying each currency risk exposure by 1% while assuming that exchange rate movements have no effect on other variables (e.g., other currencies’ exchange rates, interest rates).
      As of
U.S. dollar (1% yen appreciation)
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018
(0) 0
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 3
        (6) Interest rate risk
The Group’s interest rate risk arises from its interest-bearing debt net of cash equivalents and the like.
Loans borrowed and bonds issued by the Group are intended to raise required working capital and funding for capital
-64-

investments. A portion of Group’s borrowings and bonds payable are floating-rate instruments and therefore exposed to interest rate risk.
The Group hedges interest rate risk using derivatives (interest rate swaps).
Interest rate sensitivity analysis
If interest rates had hypothetically been 100 basis points higher than they actually were at fiscal year-end, the resultant effects on the Group’s financial instrument holdings’ carrying amounts at fiscal year-end would have affected profit before tax on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss as shown below.
This analysis applies the hypothetical increase only to financial instruments affected by interest rate movements and assumes that other factors (e.g., effects of exchange rate movements) remain constant.
      As of
Profit before tax
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018
(112) (62)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 (558)
        (7) Market risk
The Group’s holdings of marketable securities and certain other financial instruments are exposed to market risk.
The Group regularly checks marketable securities and certain other financial instruments’ fair value and assesses the financial condition of and other relevant matters concerning issuers (customers/counterparties) and reviews the status of its holdings of marketable securities and other financial instruments on an ongoing basis in light of its relationships with customers and other counterparties.
(8) Financial instruments’ fair value
Financial instruments are classified into the following three-level fair value hierarchy.
Level 1: Fair value measured based on unadjusted, publicly quoted prices in an active market for the identical asset or liability Level 2: Fair value measured using observable prices other than Level 1 quoted prices, either directly or indirectly
Level 3: Fair value measured with valuation techniques that include inputs not based on significant observable market data
At the end of each period, the Group assesses whether any significant transfers of financial instruments between levels have occurred. No significant financial instruments were transferred between levels in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.
   i) Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis
Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value are presented below. As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
          Financial assets Derivative assets Stocks
Total Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities Total
Level 1 Level 2
– 3,158 52,318 – 52,318 3,158
– 539 – 539
Level 3
– 15,538 15,538
– –
(Millions of yen) Total
3,158 67,856 71,015
539 539
                    -65-

As of December 31, 2017
     Level 1 Level 2
– 823 54,429 – 54,429 823
– 511 – 511
Level 1 Level 2
– 217 45,006 – 45,006 217
– 650 – 650
Level 1 Level 2
– 1,960 405,789 – 405,789 1,960
– 5,861 – 5,861
Level 3
(Millions of yen) Total
     Financial assets Derivative assets Stocks
Total Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities Total
As of December 31, 2018
Financial assets Derivative assets Stocks
Total Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities Total
As of December 31, 2018
Financial assets Derivative assets Stocks
Total Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities Total
– 823 17,389 71,818 17,389 72,642
                         Level 3
– 511 – 511
(Millions of yen) Total
     – 217 14,477 59,483 14,477 59,701
          – 650 – 650
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Total
               Level 3
– 130,531 130,531
– –
1,960 536,320 538,280
5,861 5,861
                         Stocks
Stocks are included in “other financial assets” on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
Fair values of marketable stocks classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy are based on unadjusted, publicly quoted prices in an active market for the identical asset or liability.
For unlisted stocks and other equity interests for which publicly quoted prices in an active market are not available and that are classified in Level 3, fair value is measured using the comparable company analysis or other appropriate valuation technique based on inputs such as comparisons with reasonably available comparable companies’ price-to-earnings and price-to-book value ratios.
-66-

Fair value is assumed to change as a function of comparisons with comparable companies’ price-to-earnings ratios and/or other valuation metrics. If unobservable inputs were changed to reflect reasonably possible alternative assumptions, fair values would not change significantly.
For financial instruments classified in Level 3, fair value is measured using a valuation method selected for the financial instrument in question by the appraiser, in accordance with valuation policies and procedures (including valuation techniques used to measure fair value) approved by qualified authorized personnel. Fair value measurement results are reviewed and approved by qualified authorized personnel.
Derivative assets and derivative liabilities
Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are respectively included in “other financial assets” and “other financial liabilities” on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and classified as financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss. They include currency forwards, currency swaps and interest rate swaps. Their fair value is measured mainly based on models that use observable inputs such as foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.
   Changes in financial instruments classified in Level 3 are presented below. (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 156,789
(29,604) 4,511
(849)
(316)
130,531 the Consolidated
      For the fiscal year ended Balance at beginning of period
Other comprehensive income (Note) Purchase
Sale
Other changes
Balance at end of period
December 31, 2017 15,538
1,791 305 (100)
(144)
17,389
December 31, 2018 17,389
(3,283) 500 (94)
(35)
14,477
                            (Note) Included in “financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” on Statement of Comprehensive Income.
ii) Financial instruments measured at amortized cost
Carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortized cost are presented below. As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
   Carrying amount
9,103 9,103
129,260 60,049 189,309
Fair value
(Millions of yen) Total
9,103 9,103
127,078 60,617 187,698
    Level 1
Level 2
– 9,103 – 9,103
– 127,078 – 60,617 – 187,698
Level 3
      Assets
Long-term loans receivable
Total
Liabilities
Long-term borrowings Bonds payable
Total
– –
– – –
                        -67-

As of December 31, 2017
   Carrying amount
Assets
Long-term loans receivable 4,694 Bonds 1,000
Total 5,694
Liabilities
Long-term borrowings 126,573 Bonds payable 59,971
Total 186,544 As of December 31, 2018
Carrying amount
Assets
Long-term loans receivable 495 Bonds 5,000
Total 5,495
Liabilities
Long-term borrowings 115,079 Bonds payable 69,832
Total 184,911 As of December 31, 2018
Carrying amount
Assets
Long-term loans receivable 4,462 Bonds 45,082
Total 49,544
Liabilities
Long-term borrowings 1,037,587 Bonds payable 629,628
Total 1,667,214
Fair value
(Millions of yen) Total
4,696 1,041 5,736
127,018 60,327 187,344
(Millions of yen) Total
497 5,201 5,698
115,662 70,158 185,820
    Level 1
Level 2
– 4,696 – 1,041 – 5,736
– 127,018 – 60,327 – 187,344
Level 3
                                 Fair value
– – –
– – –
– – –
– – –
    Level 1
Level 2
– 497 – 5,201 – 5,698
– 115,662 – 70,158 – 185,820
Level 3
                              (Thousands of U.S. dollars) Fair value
       Level 1
Level 2
– 4,480 – 46,891 – 51,371
– 1,042,846 – 632,564 – 1,675,410
Level 3
Total
4,480 46,891 51,371
1,042,846 632,564 1,675,410
      – – –
– – –
                        Instruments whose fair value approximates their carrying amount are omitted from the table above. -68-

Long-term loans receivable
The fair value of loans receivable classified in Level 2 is measured based on the present value of principal and interest expected to be received, discounted at the interest rate that would hypothetically be charged on an identical newly originated loan.
Bonds
The fair value of bonds classified in Level 2 is measured based on the present value of total principal and interest, discounted using an interest rate that factors in credit risk.
Long-term borrowings
The fair value of long-term borrowings classified in Level 2 is measured based on the present value of total principal and interest, discounted at the interest rate that would hypothetically be charged on an identical newly originated loan.
Bonds payable
The fair value of bonds payable classified in Level 2 is measured based on market prices if available. If market prices are not available, fair value is measured at the present value of total principal and interest, discounted using an interest rate that factors in the bond’s residual maturity and credit risk.
(9) Derivatives
i) Derivatives subject to hedge accounting
A maturity analysis of hedging instruments’ notional amount is presented below. As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
               Notional Within 1 amount year
951 951
(Millions of yen) Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years
        Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards
Commodity price risk
Commodity futures
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps
Interest rate and currency risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
and within 2 years
–
and within 3 years
–
and within 4 years
–
and within 5 years
–
Over 5 years
–
        122 122 – – – – –
37,563 141
11,806 5,000
4,000 11,515
5,002 –
8,457
1,804
8,950 4,500
– –
        -69-

As of December 31, 2017
        Notional amount
1,672
413
37,244
6,806
Notional amount
1,203
1,707
33,134
1,804
Within 1 year
1,672
413
4,000
5,002
Within 1 year
(Millions of yen) Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years
and within 2 years
and within 3 years
and within 4 and within 5 Over 5 years years years
        Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards
Commodity price risk
Commodity futures
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps
Interest rate and currency risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
As of December 31, 2018
Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards
Commodity price risk
Commodity futures
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps
Interest rate and currency risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
–––– –
– – – – –
11,470 8,324 8,950 4,500 –
–1,804–– –
(Millions of yen) Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years
                        and within 2 years
and within 3 years
and within 4 years
and within 5 years
–
–
–
–
Over 5 years
–
–
–
–
                1,203–––
1,707 – – –
11,442 8,242 8,950 4,500
– 1,804 – –
        -70-

 As of December 31, 2018
        Notional amount
10,848
15,390
298,748
16,269
Within 1 year
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years
and within 2 years
and within 3 years
–
and within 4 years
–
and within 5 years
–
Over 5 years
–
        Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards
Commodity price risk
Commodity futures
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps
Interest rate and currency risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
10,848 –
        15,390 – – – – –
103,163 74,315
80,696 40,573
– –
– 16,269 – – – – main contract rates, commodity futures’ main prices and interest rate swaps’ main
        Currency forwards and currency swaps’ pay rates are presented below.
Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards USD
EUR Commodity price risk
Commodity futures
Frozen concentrated orange juice futures
Interest rate risk Interest rate swaps
Pay fixed, receive floating Interest rate and currency risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps Receive JPY, pay USD
Pay fixed, receive floating
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
101.40 yen to 115.84 yen
114.80 yen
1.910 to 1.945 dollars/lb.
0.40% to 2.22%
81.35 yen to 120.45 yen
0.13 to 0.45%
As of December 31, 2017
101.40 yen to 113.37 yen
132.86 yen
1.328 to 1.550 dollars/lb.
0.40% to 2.16%
97.20 yen to 120.45 yen
0.13 to 0.45%
As of December 31, 2018
108.15 yen to 110.87 yen 126.52 yen to 132.86 yen
1.285 to 1.570 dollars/lb.
0.40% to 2.16%
120.45 yen 0.13%
                 -71-

Amounts related to items designated as hedging instruments are presented below. As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
    Notional amount
Carrying amount
(Millions of yen) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position account
Other financial assets
Other financial liabilities
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
(Millions of yen) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position account
Other financial assets
Other financial liabilities
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
(Millions of yen) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position account
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities
  Assets
Liabilities
–
2
     Cash flow hedges Currency risk
     Currency forwards 951 67 Commodity price risk
Commodity futures 122 – Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps 37,563 15
Currency and interest rate risk
Cross-currency interest rate 11,806 3,036 swaps
As of December 31, 2017
Cash flow hedges Currency risk
438
79
         Notional amount
Carrying amount
  Assets
Liabilities
          Currency forwards 1,672 15 Commodity price risk
Commodity futures 413 – Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps 37,244 41
Currency and interest rate risk
Cross-currency interest rate 6,806 765 swaps
As of December 31, 2018
Cash flow hedges Currency risk
–
17
293
119
         Notional amount
Carrying amount
  Assets
Liabilities
0 8
          Currency forwards 1,203 Commodity price risk
Commodity futures 1,707 Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps 33,134 Currency and interest rate risk
–
172
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
1,804 – 142 -72-
70 204
     
 As of December 31, 2018
    Notional amount
Carrying amount
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position account
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities
  Assets
Liabilities
75
1,550
1,838
1,277
     Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards Commodity price risk Commodity futures
Interest rate risk Interest rate swaps
Currency and interest rate risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
10,848 1
15,390 –
298,748 628
16,269 –
           Changes in fair value used to measure hedge ineffectiveness are omitted because the amount of hedge ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss was insignificant.
Amounts related to items designated as hedged items are presented below. (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2018
Cash flow hedge reserve
(75) (1,550) (1,210)
11
       As of
Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Planned purchases Commodity price risk
Planned purchases
Interest rate risk
Interest payable on borrowings
Currency and interest rate risk
Foreign currency borrowings and interest payable thereon
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date) Cash flow hedge
reserve
67 (2) (423)
(95)
December 31, 2017
Cash flow hedge reserve
15 (17) (252)
(14)
December 31, 2018
Cash flow hedge reserve
(8) (172) (134)
1
                    Changes in fair value used to measure hedge ineffectiveness are omitted because the amount of hedge ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss was insignificant.
 The effects of applying hedge accounting on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income are presented below.
-73-

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
(Millions of yen)
      Changes in hedging instruments’ fair value recognized in other comprehensive income
  Reclassification adjustments from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss accounts that include gains or losses due to reclassification adjustments
 Cash flow hedges
Currency risk – Currency forwards
Commodity price risk – Commodity futures
Interest rate risk – Interest rate swaps
Currency and interest rate risk – Cross-currency interest rate swaps
(Note) The above are amounts before tax effects. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Cash flow hedges
Currency risk – Currency forwards
Commodity price risk – Commodity futures
Interest rate risk – Interest rate swaps
Currency and interest rate risk – Cross-currency interest rate swaps
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Cash flow hedges
Currency risk – Currency forwards
Commodity price risk – Commodity futures
Interest rate risk – Interest rate swaps
Currency and interest rate risk – Cross-currency interest rate swaps
(Note) The above are amounts before tax effects.
(117) 65 Finance costs 2 (17) Finance costs 23 148 Finance costs 251 (170) Finance costs
(Millions of yen)
(8) (15) Finance costs (135) (20) Finance costs 204 (86) Finance costs 183 (167) Finance costs
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
(71) (134) Finance costs (1,214) (179) Finance costs 1,837 (775) Finance costs
              Changes in hedging instruments’ fair value recognized in other comprehensive income
  Reclassification adjustments from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss accounts that include gains or losses due to reclassification adjustments
               Changes in hedging instruments’ fair value recognized in other comprehensive income
  Reclassification adjustments from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss accounts that include gains or losses due to reclassification adjustments
     1,648 (1,507)
Finance costs
     -74-

  ii) Derivatives not subject to hedge accounting Details of derivatives are presented below.
   (Millions of yen) December 31, 2017
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
    As of
Currency forwards Currencyswaps 116 Commodity options 13
Total 1,919
January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
As of December
31, 2018
December 31,
2018
Fair value
894 –
(683) 211
Others
             Notional amount
Over 1 Fair year value
Notional Over 1 amount year
Fair Notional value amount
Over 1 year
– – – – (79) 170 – (79) 3,863 –
Fair Notional value amount
Over 1 year
             1,789
0 3,693
–
– 23 1,659 – – 0 – – –(3)92 – – 20 1,751 –
99 33,300
– – –
(76) 1,530 – 23 34,830 –
                          38. Subsidiaries
The status of major subsidiaries at December 31, 2018, is presented below.
           Name
(Subsidiaries)
SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED
Location
Capital or investments (Millions of yen)
Main business
Ownership ratio (%)
Interlocking
officers, etc. Company Company officer employee (Persons) (Persons)
Relationship
Financial Trade support transactions
Contribution Yes for the Group
management and others
Facilities leasing
                         Shibuya-ku, 10,000 Tokyo
Japanese
Alcoholic 100.0 0 Beverages
2
― ―
  SAPPORO INTERNATIONAL INC.
  Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
   17,503
 International
  100.0
   2
  3
  Yes
 Contribution for the Group management and others
  ―
   ―
  POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD.
  Naka-ku, Nagoya
   5,432
 Food & Soft Drinks
  100.0
   0
  0
  Yes
 Contribution for the Group management and others
  ―
   ―
  SAPPORO LION LIMITED
   Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
    4,878
  Restaurants
   100.0
    0
   0
   None
  Contribution for the Group management and others
   ―
    ―
  SAPPORO REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.
  Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
   2,080
 Real Estate
  100.0
   1
  5
  Yes
 Contribution for the Group management and others
  ―
   ―
  SAPPORO GROUP MANAGEMENT LTD.
  Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
   25
 Other
  100.0
   0
  4
  Yes
 Service contract of indirect operations
  Real estate leasing
   ―
 YEBISU WINEMART CO., LTD.
OKINAWA POKKA FOODS CO., LTD. POKKA CREATE CO., LTD.
FOREMOST BLUE SEAL, LTD. TOKYO ENERGY SERVICE CO., LTD.
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Kunigami-gun, Okinawa Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo Urasoe-shi, Okinawa Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
100
128 100 100 490
Japanese 100.0
Alcoholic (100.0) 0 Beverages
Food & Soft 100.0 0 Drinks (100.0)
Food & Soft 100.0 0 Drinks (100.0)
Food & Soft 99.8 0 Drinks (99.8)
1
1 1 1 5
None ―
Yes ―
Yes ― None ― None ―
― ―
― ― ― ― ― ― ― ―
                                            Real Estate
100.0 0 (100.0)
           -75-

       Capital or investments (Millions of yen)
72
7,200 thousand USD 0 thousand USD 105,676 thousand USD 299,000 thousand CAD 50,634 thousand CAD 97,445 thousand CAD 1,912,795 Province, million Vietnam VND
Main business
Ownership ratio (%)
Interlocking
(Persons) (Persons)
Relationship
     Name
(Subsidiaries) SHINSYU-ICHI MISO CO., LTD.
SAPPORO U.S.A., INC.
SAPPORO CANADA INC.
SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD.
SAPPORO ASIA PRIVATE LTD
SAPPORO VIETNAM LTD.
Location
Higashikurume -shi, Tokyo
officers, etc. Financial Trade Facilities
Others
   Company Company support transactions leasing officer employee
           Other 51.0 1
3 Yes ― ― ― 3 None ― ― ―
2 None ― ― ―
3 None ― ― ―
4 None ― ― ―
3 None ― ― ―
1 None ― ― ―
0 None ― ― ―
           New York,
New York, USA
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
100.0
(100.0) 0
100.0 0
100.0
(100.0) 0
100.0
(100.0) 0
100.0
(100.0) 0
100.0
(100.0) 0
100.0
(100.0) 0
            SAPPORO NORTH AMERICA, INC.
New York,
New York, USA
            ANCHOR BREWING
 COMPANY, LLC
San Francisco, California, USA
           Toronto, Ontario, Canada
           Guelph, Ontario, Canada
           Singapore Long An
             POKKA CORPORATION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
  Singapore
   27 million SGD
 Food & Soft Drinks
  100.0 (100.0)
   0
  1
  None
 ―
  ―
   ―
  POKKA INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.
  Singapore
   5 million SGD
 Food & Soft Drinks
  100.0 (100.0)
   0
  1
  None
 ―
  ―
   ―
  POKKA ACE (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
  Selangor, Malaysia
   27 million MYR
 Food & Soft Drinks
  50.0 (50.0)
   0
  0
  None
 ―
  ―
   ―
  POKKA (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
   Johor, Malaysia
    60 million MYR
  Food & Soft Drinks
   100.0 (100.0)
    0
   0
   None
  ―
   ―
    ―
  PT. POKKA DIMA INTERNATIONAL
 West Java, Indonesia
  200,000 million IDR
Food & Soft Drinks
 50.0 (50.0)
  0
 0
 None
―
 ―
  ―
  SAPPORO LION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
   Singapore
    4 million SGD
  Restaurants
   100.0 (100.0)
    0
   0
   None
  ―
   ―
    ―
  Other 46 companies
  ―
   ―
 ―
  ―
   ―
  ―
  ―
 ―
  ―
   ―
 -76-

             Capital or investments (Millions of yen)
600
Main business
Japanese Alcoholic Beverages
Ownership ratio (%)
20.0 (20.0)
30.0 (30.0)
Interlocking
(Persons) (Persons)
Relationship
     Name
(Affiliates)
KEIYO UTILITY CO., LTD.
Location
Funabashi-shi, Chiba
officers, etc. Financial Trade Facilities
Others
   Company Company support transactions leasing officer employee
           0 0 None ― ― ―
           THE CLUB AT YEBISU GARDEN CO., LTD.
Meguro-ku, Tokyo
200
Other7companies ― ―― ―――――――
Real Estate
0 2 None ― ― ―
                      (Notes) 1
2 The number in parentheses of ownership ratio indicates the indirect ownership ratio included in the number outside.
3 SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED, SAPPORO INTERNATIONAL INC., POKKA SAPPORO FOOD &
BEVERAGE LTD., SAPPORO REAL ESTATE CO., LTD., SAPPORO GROUP MANAGEMENT LTD., and
SAPPORO CANADA INC. are specified subsidiaries.
4 SAPPORO INTERNATIONAL INC. was merged into SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED as of January 1, 2019,
and ceased to exist.
5 Revenue (excluding internal revenue from consolidated companies) of SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED and
POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD. exceeds 10 percent of consolidated revenue. Their key profit or
The segment names are shown in the “Main business” column.
loss information (based on Japanese GAAP) is presented below. SAPPORO
POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD.
696 million yen 25,120 million yen 63,703 million yen
Key profit or loss information
(1) Net sales
(2) Ordinary profit (3) Profit
(4) Net assets
(5) Total assets
39. Related Parties
(1) Related party transactions
No significant related party transactions.
BREWERIES LIMITED
250,463 million yen
5,808 million yen
3,406 million yen 55,440 million yen 205,217 million yen
   81,799 million yen
 818 million yen
    (2) Key executives’ compensation
The Group’s key executives’ compensation is presented below.
    (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018
2,556 –
2,556
   For the fiscal year ended Short-term employee benefits Share-based payments
Total
December 31, 2017 307
30 337
December 31, 2018 284
– 284
                -77-

40. Commitments
Commitments pertaining to expenditures subsequent to the reporting date are presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 35,702 37,210 2,430
   As of
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment
Acquisition of investment property (Note)
Acquisition of intangible assets
December 31, 2017 2,101
–
December 31, 2018 3,960 4,127 269
                (Note) The investment property acquisition commitments will become contractual liabilities related to maintaining or developing investment property.
41. Contingent Liabilities (1) Guarantee liabilities
Guarantees of ordinary customers or suppliers’ borrowings from financial institutions are presented below.
   (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2018 902
1,761 2,663
   As of
Ordinary customers/suppliers
Employees (home acquisition funding)
Total
(2) Litigation matters Not applicable.
42. Significant Events after Reporting Period
2. Assets to be transferred
One investment property located in Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
December 31, 2017
502 100
December 31, 2018
        272 195 774 295
         At the Board of Directors meeting held on January 31, 2019, the Company resolved to transfer the following investment property (trust beneficiary rights) owned by Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd., a consolidated subsidiary of the Company.
1. Reason for transfer
 To strategically restructure the property portfolio as well as to diversify funding and enhance business function through real estate securitization.
   3. Overview of transferee
The transferee is a newly established domestic limited liability company (specified purpose company).
4. Date of purchase and sale agreement March 20, 2019
5. Closing date March 20, 2019
6. Transfer price
8,586 million yen (77,414 thousand U.S. dollars)
7. Effect on profit or loss
         In conjunction with the transfer, a gain on the sale of the property of 1,880 million yen (16,949 thousand U.S. dollars) is expected to be recognized in other operating income in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019.
-78-

43. First-time Adoption
The Group started to disclose the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS from the first quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The last consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Japan (“JGAAP”) were as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and the Transition Date is January 1, 2017.
As a general rule, IFRS requires a first-time adopter to apply IFRS retrospectively. IFRS 1, however, provides exemptions under which a first-time adopter may elect not to apply certain other IFRS retrospectively and exceptions that prohibit retrospective application of certain other IFRS.
Exemptions applied by the Group are as follows:
- Business combinations
A first-time adopter may elect not to apply IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” retrospectively to business combinations that occurred before the date of transition to IFRS. The Group applied such exemption and elected not to apply IFRS 3 retrospectively to business combinations that had occurred before the Transition Date with certain exceptions. As a result, the amount of goodwill in business combinations that had occurred before the Transition Date was presented at its carrying amount in accordance with JGAAP at the Transition Date. Regardless of whether there is any indication that the goodwill may be impaired, the Group tested the goodwill for impairment at the Transition Date.
- Deemed cost
With respect to items of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, IFRS 1 permits a first-time adopter to use their fair value at the date of transition to IFRS as their deemed cost at that date. For certain items of property, plant and equipment, the Group used their fair value at the Transition Date as their deemed cost at that date.
- Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
In accordance with IFRS 1, the cumulative translation differences for foreign operations may be deemed to be zero at the date of transition to IFRS. The Group elected to deem the cumulative translation differences for foreign operations to be zero at the Transition Date.
- Designation of financial instruments recognized before the Transition Date
With respect to the classification described in IFRS 9, IFRS 1 permits a first-time adopter to assess financial assets on the basis of the facts and circumstances that exist at the date of transition to IFRS, instead of those that existed at the initial recognition. In addition, a first-time adopter may designate changes in the fair value of equity instruments as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income on the basis of the facts and circumstances that exist at the date of transition to IFRS. For the classification described in IFRS 9, the Company assessed financial assets on the basis of the facts and circumstances that existed at the Transition Date and designated certain equity instruments as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
- Leases as lessee
When a first-time adopter that is a lessee recognizes lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, for all of its leases, IFRS 1 permits it to measure the lease liabilities and right-of-use assets at the date of transition to IFRS. The Group measured lease liabilities at the Transition Date at the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate at the Transition Date. The Group also measured right-of-use assets at the Transition Date at an amount equal to the lease liabilities. For leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of the Transition Date and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value, the Group recognizes the lease payments associated with those leases as an expense on either a straight-line basis over the lease term or another systematic basis.
Reconciliations required by IFRS 1 are presented below. “Reclassification” in the following reconciliations includes items that do not affect retained earnings or comprehensive income. “Recognition and measurement difference” includes items that affect retained earnings or comprehensive income.
      -79-

Reconciliations of equity as of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
      Account under JGAAP
Assets Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Merchandise and finished goods
Raw materials and supplies
Other
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets Goodwill
Other
Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Long-term loans receivable
Other
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total non-current assets Total assets
JGAAP
10,589 96,851
24,657
13,315 – – 15,213 3,640
Reclassificati- on
(114) (82)
(24,657)
(13,315) 38,343 7,452
Recognition and measurement difference
– (194)
–
– (724)
2,516 (131)
IFRS
10,476 96,574
–
– 37,619 9,967 7,386 –
–
162,022 359 162,381
151,602
21,483
10,305 223,595
–
372
79,278
–
8,921 2,176
–
497,733 660,114
Note
i
i vi
iii, iv
v
vi
ii
(Millions of yen) Account under IFRS
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables
Inventories
Other financial assets Other current assets
Subtotal Assets held for sale Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill
Intangible assets Investment property
Investments accounted for using equity method
Other financial assets
Other non-current assets Deferred tax assets
Total non-current assets Total assets
      (7,696) (3,640)
– (82) 82 –
      164,184 – 164,184
345,496
27,439 10,511 –
59,296
–
–
4,790
14,760 1,071
(1,195)
462,168 626,352
(3,627) 359
(3,269) (223,544)
– (409)
223,595
(59,296)
372 –
1,466 – 1,466
29,651
(5,956) 202 –
            68,783
(4,790)
(6,265) (3,308)
1,195
(3,666) (6,935)
10,495 –
426 4,414
–
39,231 40,697
–
                   -80-

      Account under JGAAP
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable - trade
Short-term loans payable Commercial papers Current portion of bonds
Lease obligations Income taxes payable
Provision for bonuses Accrued alcohol tax Deposits received Other
Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable Long-term loans payable
Net defined benefit liability
Lease obligations
Guarantee deposits received
Other
Deferred tax liabilities Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities Net assets
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling interests Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
JGAAP
38,503
30,337 33,000 10,083
– 3,024 1,681 – 2,980 34,228 8,215 50,072 212,123
50,129 114,594 – – 8,996 6,969
33,242
15,115
18,804 247,848 459,971
53,887 46,089
(1,796) 41,932
20,574
5,694 166,381 626,352
Reclassificati- on
Recognition and measurement difference
IFRS
38,460
– – –
75,580 6,609 1,570
33,108 – – – 66,424 221,750
–
– 165,235 48,125 8,996 24,623
–
2,689 26,455 276,122 497,872
53,887 40,706
(1,796) 36,315
28,515
157,628
4,613 162,241 660,114
Note
(Millions of yen) Account under IFRS
Liabilities and equity Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
Bonds and borrowings Lease liabilities
Income taxes payable Other financial liabilities
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities Non-current labilities
Bonds and borrowings Other financial liabilities Retirement benefit liability Lease liabilities
Other non-current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities Equity
Share capital Capital surplus Treasury shares Retained earnings
Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
      (30,337) (33,000) (10,083) 73,421
–
– 32,988
(2,980) (34,228) (8,215)
12,338 (96)
(50,129) (114,594)
164,723 47,609 – –
(33,242)
(14,367) (6,839) (6,839) (6,935)
– – – –
–
–
– (6,935)
– – –
2,159 3,584
(111) 120 – – – 4,014 9,724
–
– 512 517 – 17,654
–
1,941 14,490 35,113 44,837
– (5,383)
– (5,617)
7,941
(1,081) (4,140)
40,697
vi iv
vi
vii
vi vi
iv
ii
v
ix viii
– (43)
                                                  -81-

Reconciliations of equity as of December 31, 2017
      Account under JGAAP
Assets Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Merchandise and finished goods
Raw materials and supplies
Other
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets Goodwill
Other
Investments and other assets
Reclassificati- on
(181) (103)
(24,681)
(13,638) 38,718 8,216
(8,433) (3,878)
103 (3,878)
(219,266)
– (391)
219,658
JGAAP
12,718 98,605
24,681
13,638 – – 15,413 3,900
(103) 168,852
343,763
26,948 13,575 –
62,146 – – 428 Other 14,828
IFRS
12,537 98,325
–
– 37,873 9,107 6,914 –
– 164,755
151,334
24,942
13,339 219,658
–
391
78,677
–
9,309 2,326
–
499,976 664,731
Note
i
i vi
iii, iv
v
vi
ii
Recognition and measurement difference
– (176)
–
– (846)
892 (66) (22)
– (219)
26,837
(2,006) 155 –
(62,146)
391 –
(Millions of yen) Account under IFRS
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables
Inventories
Other financial assets Other current assets
Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill
Intangible assets Investment property
Investments accounted for using equity method
Other financial assets
Other non-current assets Deferred tax assets
Total non-current assets Total assets
                  Investment securities
–
Long-term loans receivable
66,904
(428)
(5,938) (5,201)
1,216
(5,201) (9,079)
11,773 –
419 6,220
–
43,398 43,179
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total non-current assets Total assets
1,306 (1,216)
461,779 630,631
                  -82-

       Account under JGAAP
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable - trade
Short-term loans payable Commercial papers Current portion of bonds
Lease obligations Income taxes payable
Provision for bonuses Accrued alcohol tax Deposits received Other
Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable Long-term loans payable
Net defined benefit liability
Lease obligations
Guarantee deposits received
Other
Deferred tax liabilities Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities Net assets
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling interests Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
JGAAP
36,530
37,882 32,000 10,068
– 2,691 5,202 – 3,090 34,408 7,817 50,484 220,173
50,061 103,578 – – 5,493 5,960
31,086
15,324
21,292 232,795 452,968
53,887 46,091
(1,807) 50,023
25,274
4,195 177,663 630,631
Reclassificati- on
Recognition and measurement difference
IFRS
36,488
– – –
80,716 6,533 5,207
33,277 – – – 66,590 228,809
–
– 153,184 45,956 6,283 24,295
–
2,621 27,872 260,212 489,021
53,887 40,825
(1,807) 44,491
34,659
172,055
3,655 175,710 664,731
Note
(Millions of yen) Account under IFRS
Liabilities and equity Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
Bonds and borrowings Lease liabilities
Income taxes payable Other financial liabilities
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities Non-current labilities
Bonds and borrowings Other financial liabilities Retirement benefit liability Lease liabilities
Other non-current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities Equity
Share capital Capital surplus Treasury shares Retained earnings
Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
      (37,882) (32,000) (10,068) 79,950
–
– 33,060
(3,090) (34,408) (7,817)
12,255 (0)
(50,061) (103,578)
153,639 45,548 – –
(31,086)
(14,462) (9,079) (9,079) (9,079)
– – – –
–
–
– (9,079)
– – –
765 3,842 5 216 – – – 3,850 8,636
–
– (455)
408
790 18,335
–
1,759 15,658 36,496 45,132
– (5,266)
– (5,532)
9,385
(539) (1,952)
43,179
vi iv
vi
vii
vi vi
iv
ii
v
ix viii
– (43)
                                                  -83-

Notes to reconciliations of equity (1) Reclassification
A. Trade and other receivables
“Notes and accounts receivable - trade” and “allowance for doubtful accounts,” which were presented separately under JGAAP, are presented as “trade and other receivables” under IFRS.
B. Inventories
“Merchandise and finished goods” and “raw materials and supplies,” which were presented separately, and work in process included in “other,” under JGAAP, are presented as “inventories” under IFRS.
C. Other financial assets and other financial liabilities
In accordance with presentation requirements of IFRS, “other financial assets” and “other financial liabilities” are presented separately.
“Investment securities” and “long-term loans receivable,” which were presented separately, and lease and guarantee deposits included in “other,” within non-current assets under JGAAP, are included in “other financial assets” under IFRS.
In addition, “deposits received” presented separately within current liabilities under JGAAP is included in “other financial liabilities” under IFRS.
D. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
“Deferred tax assets” and “deferred tax liabilities,” which were presented separately within current assets and current liabilities, respectively, under JGAAP, are reclassified to non-current since they all shall be classified as non-current under IFRS.
E. Assets held for sale
In accordance with IFRS 5, “assets held for sale” is presented separately.
F. Investment property
Under JGAAP, non-current assets that meet the definition of investment property was included in “property, plant and equipment” within non-current assets. Under IFRS, they are presented as “investment property.”
(2) Recognition and measurement difference
i. Trade and other receivables and inventories
Under JGAAP, revenue for certain transactions was recognized at the point of shipment. Under IFRS, revenue is mainly recognized upon delivery.
In addition, under JGAAP, goods mainly held for advertisement and promotion purposes were recognized as inventories. Under IFRS, they are recognized as expenses when purchased.
ii. Deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities
Amounts of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been adjusted for reasons such as temporary differences arising from adjustments from JGAAP to IFRS.
iii. Property, plant and equipment
In line with adoption of IFRS, the Group changed the depreciation method and other details of property, plant and equipment, and the carrying amount was reduced accordingly. In addition, for certain property, plant and equipment items, the Group applied the exemption that a first-time adopter may elect to use fair value at the date of transition to IFRS as deemed cost. The carrying amount of those property, plant and equipment items before the use of their fair value at the Transition Date as their deemed cost was 39,044 million yen, and their total fair value was 71,253 million yen.
iv. Lease liabilities
Under JGAAP, leases as lessee were classified into finance leases and operating leases. Operating leases were accounted for in a manner similar to accounting treatment for ordinary rental transactions. Under IFRS, leases as lessee are not
-84-

classified into finance leases and operating leases, so the Group records both lease assets (right-of-use assets) and lease obligations (lease liabilities) for leases.
v. Goodwill
Under JGAAP, goodwill was amortized on a straight-line basis over a reasonable period up to 20 years. Under IFRS, the Group ceased to amortize goodwill at the Transition Date and tests goodwill for impairment at the end of each reporting period.
In addition, under JGAAP, changes in ownership interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control (additional acquisition) were accounted for as adjustments to goodwill as external transactions. Under IFRS, such changes are accounted for as equity transactions, so “capital surplus” changes with no adjustment to goodwill.
vi. Bonds payable, borrowings, other financial assets, other financial liabilities
Under JGAAP, the Group accounted for an unlisted equity security at cost and, if necessary, recognized impairment losses according to deterioration in the financial position of the issuer. Under IFRS, the Group has elected to measure unlisted equity securities at fair value through other comprehensive income.
In addition, under JGAAP, the Group applied the exceptional treatment to interest rate swaps that meet certain criteria. Under IFRS, the Group has applied hedge accounting to them, recorded bonds payable, borrowings, and derivative assets and derivative liabilities, and recognized valuation differences in other comprehensive income.
vii. Other current liabilities
Unused paid absences, which were not required to be accounted for under JGAAP, are recognized as liabilities under IFRS.
viii. Other components of equity
Cumulative translation differences for all foreign operations under JGAAP were transferred to “retained earnings” at the Transition Date.
Under JGAAP, the Group accounted for an unlisted equity security at cost and, if necessary, recognized impairment losses according to deterioration in the financial position of the issuer. Under IFRS, the Group has elected to measure unlisted equity securities at fair value through other comprehensive income.
Under JGAAP, past service cost was recognized in net assets through other comprehensive income when it arose and was expensed over a certain number of years within the average remaining years of service of the employees. Under IFRS, past service cost is recognized in full in profit or loss when it arises.
ix. Retained earnings
The effect on retained earnings of adjustments concomitant with adoption of IFRS is presented below. The amounts in the table below are adjusted for related tax effects and non-controlling interests.
      Trade and other receivables and inventories (see i) Property, plant and equipment (see iii)
Lease liabilities (see iv)
Goodwill (see v)
Other financial assets, other financial liabilities (see vi) Other current liabilities (see vii)
Other components of equity (see viii)
Other
Total adjustments to retained earnings
As of January 1, 2017 (Transition Date)
(418) (1,610)
252 – 263
(2,739) (1,382)
16 (5,617)
(Millions of yen) As of December 31, 2017
(510) (4,851)
217 3,904 275
(2,643) (1,739) (185) (5,532)
                            -85-

Reconciliations of profit or loss and comprehensive income for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2017
(Millions of yen)
      Account under JGAAP
Net sales Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit Non-operating income Non-operating expenses Extraordinary income Extraordinary losses
Profit before income taxes Income taxes
JGAAP Reclassifica- tion
551,549 – 358,573 – 192,976 –
175,944 –
– 2,716
– 5,813 17,033 (3,097) 2,093 (2,093) 2,715 (2,715) 6,814 (6,814) 5,423 (5,423)
– 6,171 – 2,324
– 19
IFRS
536,585 373,148 163,437
145,991
1,029
5,669 12,806 – – – – 1,338 2,626
19
11,538 5,170 6,367
8,202 537 1,032
114 16,252
Note
i
i, ii, iv
i, ii, iii, iv
v
v
v iv
Account under IFRS
Revenue Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Other operating income Other operating expenses
Operating profit
Finance income
Finance costs
Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
Profit before tax Income tax expense
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Comprehensive income
Recognition and measureme- nt difference
(14,963) 14,576 (29,539)
(29,952)
(1,687) (144) (1,130)
– – – –
(4,833) 302
(0)
(6,264) (3,012) (3,252)
4,785 348 13
174 2,068
income
                                    17,802 – 8,182 – Profit 9,619 –
                  Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on other securities
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Comprehensive income
3,416 – 189 – 1,019 –
(60) – 14,184 –
            Notes to reconciliations of profit or loss and comprehensive (1) Reclassification
A. Other operating income, other operating expenses, finance income, finance accounted for using equity method
With respect to items presented in “non-operating income,” “non-operating
“extraordinary losses” under JGAAP, the Group has reclassified financial items into “finance income” or “finance costs” and other items into “other operating income,” “other operating expenses” or “share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method” in accordance with IFRS.
(2) Recognition and measurement difference
i. Revenue, cost of sales, and selling, general and administrative expenses
Under JGAAP, some rebates and other related costs were presented in “selling, general and administrative expenses.” Under IFRS, these costs are deducted from “revenue.”
Under JGAAP, revenue for certain transactions was recognized at the point of shipment. Under IFRS, revenue is mainly recognized upon delivery.
-86-
costs, and share of profit of investments
expenses,” “extraordinary income” and

ii. Cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses
As the Group changed the depreciation method and other details of property, plant and equipment in line with adoption of IFRS, depreciation included in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses has been changed.
iii. Selling, general and administrative expenses
Under JGAAP, the Group estimated a period during which goodwill would have an effect and amortized it over the period. Under IFRS, the Group ceased to amortize goodwill at the Transition Date.
iv. Cost of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses, and remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Under JGAAP, past service cost was recognized in net assets through “other comprehensive income” when it arose and was expensed using the straight-line method over a certain number of years within the average remaining years of service of the employees. Under IFRS, past service cost is recognized in full in profit or loss when it arises.
v. Income tax expense, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Under JGAAP, the Group recognized gain on sales of investment securities and tax on the gain in “extraordinary income” and “income taxes - current,” respectively. Under IFRS, an entity may designate equity instruments as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, and the Group has recognized gain on sales of designated equity instruments as “other comprehensive income.”
Adjustments to cash flows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
The main difference between the JGAAP-basis consolidated statement of cash flows and IFRS-basis consolidated statement of cash flows is that lease payments from operating leases, which are cash flows from operating activities under JGAAP, have become cash flows from financing activities as repayments of lease obligations as a result of adoption of IFRS 16.
(2) Other information
Quarterly information in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and other information
     (Cumulative period) Revenue (Millions of yen)
Profit (loss) before tax (Millions of yen)
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent (Millions of yen)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (Yen)
(Accounting period)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (Yen)
1st quarter 2nd quarter 111,342 241,740
(6,053) (3,641) (4,286) (2,516) (55.03) (32.30)
1st quarter 2nd quarter (55.03) 22.73
3rd quarter 381,044 5,712 4,209 54.04
3rd quarter 86.34
Full year 521,856
9,492
8,521 109.40
4th quarter 55.37
Full year 4,705,220
85,586 76,830 0.99
4th quarter 0.50
                                        Quarterly information in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and other information
     (Cumulative period)
Revenue (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Profit (loss) before tax (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent (Thousands of U.S. dollars) Basic earnings (loss) per share (U.S. dollars)
(Accounting period)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (U.S. dollars)
1st quarter 1,003,895
(54,573) (38,646) (0.50)
1st quarter (0.50)
2nd quarter 2,179,609
(32,828) (22,684) (0.29)
2nd quarter 0.20
3rd quarter 3,435,616 51,500 37,949 0.49
3rd quarter 0.78
                                        -87-

 -88-
