SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
Contributing to Creative, Enriching and Rewarding
P r o1m i s e
  Lifestyles Through Alcoholic Beverages,
Food, and Soft drinks
We will offer the joy of living and enrich the lives of our customers by creating new value through “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks.”
  Acquisition of Safety Certification for
Nine Breweries and Plants
As of May 2019, the Sapporo Group owns eight major brew- eries for alcoholic beverages with FSSC 22000 certification, which targets food manufacturing organizations and is the international standard for food safety management systems. In addition, our Gunma Plant, a dedicated food and soft drinks site, has also received the same certification. Going forward, we will continue to raise our level of quality assurance across the entire Group.
Alcoholic Beverage-Related Issues
The Sapporo Group believes that, as a corporate entity engaged in the distribution of alcoholic beverages, it bears a responsibility to communicate proper drinking practices and instill a proper understanding about the characteristics of alcohol. To this end, we are engaged in a variety of initiatives.
Spreading of Proper Drinking Awareness among
University Students
To disseminate proper knowledge regarding alcohol consump- tion among university students and to promote healthy enjoy- ment of alcoholic beverages, Sapporo Breweries has been conducting Proper Drinking
Awareness Seminars since 2015, primarily focused in metropolitan area universities. A total of 24 seminars were held by 2018, and in that same year seminars were hosted across seven universities.
Creation of New Value through
New Packaging Development
Sapporo Breweries is working to create new value by develop- ing new packaging. The Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label Korokoro Stocker and the Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label Storage BOX are two new types of packaging being developed that perfectly match customer lifestyles and serve as examples of efforts to provide enjoyment and convenience to more and more customers. In March 2019, each packaging was awarded the special prize for the second consecutive year by LOHACO, an online shopping website for everyday goods operated by ASKUL Corporation.
1 Korokoro Stocker: An eight-pack carton of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label ready-made to stock beer in a refrigerator, this packaging is notable for its playful and fun design. As cans are taken from the bottom and new cans are put in, a new can rolls into place (creating the onomatopoeic korokoro sound in Japanese), making it easier to grab the next beer while also saving fridge space.
2 Storage BOX: This box of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label contains four 12-packs of beer (48 cans in total) and features a wooden- design that is a welcome addition to any room. As an extra bonus, each box comes with an unassembled Korokoro Stocker.
   Policy Related to Proper Drinking Practices
• In light of the nature of alcohol, we will consider the social impact when engaging in the manufacture, sale, and advertisement of alcoholic beverages.
• We promote moderation in alcohol consumption con- sistent with a healthy and joyful lifestyle while moving forward with measures to prevent alcohol abuse, such as underage drinking, driving while intoxicated, and drinking by pregnant and nursing mothers.
 1
2
54