Promoting Coexistence with Society
P r o2m i s e
We will contribute to the development of local communities
and solve issues as part of local society, and create a better future along with everyone in society.
   Resolution of Social Issues through
Collaborative Agreements
Since its founding, the Sapporo Group has cherished its ties to the areas and local communities where the Group has a long history. Beginning with a comprehensive collaborative agree- ment with Hokkaido Prefecture in 2007, the Sapporo Group has established 56 agreements with local municipalities and universities across Japan. These agreements are part of our ongoing efforts to promote regional contribution, urban development, and disaster prevention.
33 Years of Support for the Hakone Ekiden
The Hakone Ekiden is a relay marathon synonymous with the Japanese New Year. The single-minded attitude that goes into running for the honor of one’s alma mater and one’s col- leagues goes hand-in-hand with Sapporo Breweries’ “heart and conviction for craftsmanship.”
Sapporo Breweries has supported the Hakone Ekiden since 1987, for a total of 33 years. Employees of the company sell original sports goods around the finish area, with part of the proceeds donated to the Hakone Trust Fund, established by the town of Hakone, Kanagawa Prefecture, and dedicated to environmental conservation.
Education for Suppliers about
Our CSR Procurement Policy
Based on the Sapporo Group Procurement Basic Policy and the Sapporo Group Suppliers CSR Procurement Guideline, the Group has chosen six main subjects to frame two-way com- munication with suppliers and undertake cooperative CSR efforts: Safety and quality, compliance with laws, human rights and labor, environmental conservation, coexistence with society, and alcoholic beverage-related issues. Through these efforts, we aim to realize a
healthy and enriching society.
At supplier-oriented infor- mation sessions about our operating policies, we provide explanations and education regarding the Sapporo Group’s approach to procurement.
Support for Raising
the Next Generation
through the Shareholder Benefit Plan
Since fiscal 2008, Sapporo Holdings has employed a system whereby shareholders can choose to forego special benefits (material rewards) and donates an equivalent value toward social programs, which the Company matches with an equiva- lent donation. Sapporo Holdings has been providing restora- tion support to the Tohoku region since 2012 following the Great East Japan Earthquake, and about ¥3.5 million raised in 2017 was put toward the following programs in 2018.
Support for “Tsubaki-themed learning” in Funato City, Iwate Prefecture (“Tsubaki” is the Japanese word for the camellia tree)
Support for “hometown studies” as a pillar of elementary and junior high school learning in the town of Otsuchi, Iwate Prefecture
Support for project for overseas and domestic high school students to disseminate safety information about food grown in Fukushima, Fukushima Prefecture
Integrated Report 2018
        55