Sapporo Breweries’ Chiba Brewery Receives Award for Superior Greening Efforts
Sapporo Breweries’ Chiba Brewery was commended for 30 years of activities dedicated to promoting greenification and local community contribution activities, a practice that has been ongoing since the brewery’s construction. For these efforts, it received the Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry Director-General’s Factory Greening Award in October 2018. Moving
forward, we aim for all our breweries to con- tinue their contributions to society through proac- tive environmental con- servation efforts.
Support for Regional Conservation
Sapporo Breweries launched a limited release of
the Shinshu Environmental Support Can of
Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label in Nagano
Prefecture. One yen for every can sold is donated
toward the ongoing environmental conservation
efforts of Shinshu (the traditional Japanese name
for Nagano Prefecture). Furthermore, Sapporo Breweries entered into the Biodiversity Protection Partnership Agreement in 2017, and continues to work in conjunction with Nagano Prefecture to promote environmental conservation.
Promotion of the 3Rs
The Sapporo Group promotes the 3Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle) to lower its environmental impact. To this end, it utilizes resources as effectively as possible and spreads its efforts across each stage of production, from the procurement of raw materials to disposal and recycling. Sapporo Breweries and POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage strive for a 100% recy- cling rate for by-products and waste created in the product manufacturing process. Canada-based Sleeman Breweries, which has worked to
incorporate environmental conservation into its supply chain, was recognized with a gold level standing by the Recycling Council of Ontario for these efforts.
Installation of Solar Panels on Plant Rooftops
POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage has had solar panels installed on the rooftop of its Gunma Plant as part of efforts to reduce its environmen-
tal impact. Each month,
these panels generate an average of 100,000 kWh.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
Promoting Environmental Conservation
  P r o3m i s e
In order to pass on nature’s bounty to the future, we will strive to prevent global warming, promote the 3Rs, and achieve symbiosis with nature at every phase.
     