SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
  Message from the Director of Human Resources
 By further promoting a
“Go Beyond Boundaries” mind-set, ingraining deeper diversity
and inclusion, and working
to improve employee health,
we will continue to lead the Group toward sustainable growth.
Mayumi Fukuhara
Director (Member of the Board),
Director of Human Resources Department
Promote the Current Mind-Set toward “Going Beyond Boundaries” Even Further
The underlying idea behind the Sapporo Group’s human resource strategy is to “Go Beyond Boundaries,” overcoming the unconscious walls we create ourselves, the barriers of organizations, and going beyond the boundaries of business and country. In that light, we are working to cultivate human resources with a “Go Beyond Boundaries” mind-set that provide new value and passion to customers under our Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150.”
The phrase “Go Beyond Boundaries” was coined in 2013, the year we began to accelerate growth in the “Food” field and promote global business expansion. Fortunately, the concept is simple and easy to under- stand and widely recognized by employees at Group companies, but for the idea to truly take root in corpo- rate culture, we need constant reminding of its value. Above all, as business continues to globalize at an accel- erating pace, it is crucial that we ask just how much
each and every employee can extend our customer focus from the domestic sphere to overseas, and just how many employees have the mind-set to take on this task. While there has been a considerable change in employee mind-set over the years, this is a point that needs to change even further.
To spur on the “Go Beyond Boundaries” mind-set, which in turn works to advance global development, we are making effective use of both quiet, conventional meth- ods that work within a system, and methods to support employees as they pursue their own self-driven goals. As part of the former methods, we are creating various opportunities for employees to take on challenges and gain overseas experience while they are young, in addi- tion to tracking the growth of the Group and of each employee. Moreover, we are reviewing a work cycle that combines domestic and overseas work in order to culti- vate globally minded human resources. As we review personnel systems and measures for each operating company within Japan, we are building and developing a shared platform. At the same time, we intend to
  44
actively appoint and promote human resources on a Groupwide scale. As part of more employee-driven methods, some operating companies have introduced a “window of action” where employees with ambition, aptitude, and the recommendation of their supervisor can take a simplified exam to initiate the move from general clerical work to management track positions. In these ways, we are heavily promoting that Group employees “Go Beyond Boundaries” as a way to strengthen human resources in growth areas.
Ingrain Diversity and Inclusion—Bringing Together Diverse Human Resources
In addition to cultivating personnel who “Go Beyond Boundaries,” the Sapporo Group aims to ingrain diversity and inclusion in its employees so that every individual can realize their maximum potential in rec- ognition of their and each other’s diverse ideas and ways of thinking, and to support related activities. Diversity and inclusion serve as the underlying idea for the personnel systems and measures employed by the Sapporo Group.
Looking back, our understanding of diversity as a series of individual differences such as gender, age, and nationality has changed greatly over the past 10 years. The diversification of human resources in the Company might have taken place without any special measures, simply due to the needs of society. However, one of my roles up until this point has been to find ways to accel- erate the process of diversification, to match the growth of business. The pressing question now is how to bring together a diverse group of individuals, each with their own differences, and optimize organizational strength moving forward. To address this question, it is impor- tant to ask whether the positive engagement and dyna- mism inherent in channeling all of this diversity into organizational strength are truly being conveyed; it is especially important to ask whether those in leadership positions at the top of the organization have this idea of inclusion. Looking forward, I will continue to act as a flagbearer for diversity and inclusion, and hasten efforts to ingrain and teach their necessity.
Empower Human Resources and Improve Employee Health to Improve Corporate Value
As we accelerate growth in the “Food” field and promote global business expansion, our business is becoming more sophisticated and complex. As business conditions and the business itself undergo major changes, the “learning” of each and every employee is key to keeping pace with these changes and becoming leading human resources. The Company has upgraded its training pro- gram under the motto “‘My career built by myself.”
On the other hand, one cannot expect employees to take such forward-thinking action without being mind- ful of their individual health. The Company is promoting health management by making the health of its human resources a management cornerstone. This includes the introduction of various measures to improve health, such as the “Health Creation Declaration” made the by the president of each Group company, the deployment of public health nurses, and the distribution of health apps. In addition, the Company has formulated a medium-term plan for health management to take effect from 2019, and has created new measures for balancing medical treatment and work, as well as measures for reducing smoking.
There is a “centripetal force” in keeping with our corporate philosophy, created through an emotional attachment to the Company’s unique brands, products, and services. There is also a “centrifugal force” that relies on a collective healthy body and mind of the Group’s human resources, which fosters the ambition to “Go Beyond Boundaries” and allows each individual employee to realize their maximum potential. I recognize that striking a careful balance between these two forces is the role of the Human Resources Department. Going forward, we will take honest note of the words and manner of each individual employee and continue to put forth this message while improving our corporate value.
Integrated Report 2018
    45

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
 Human Resource Strategy
  Nurture Human Resources Who Are Ambitious and Healthy in Both Body and Mind
Formulation of the Medium-Term Health Management Plan—Our Commitment to Employee Health
 In February 2019, the Sapporo Group formulated the 2019–2022 Medium-Term Health Management Plan. We have set three goals—“protecting life,” “improving health,” and “increasing strength through diversity”—as the basis for enhancing activities to improve employee lifestyles. Through these goals, we aim to reach our numerical targets set for 2022.
In addition, we have released a “Message
Regarding the Sapporo Group Anti-Smoking
Policy,” declaring the 22nd of every month a “No-smoking day.” We believe that, as a
company closely tied to the food industry, adopting a Groupwide anti-smoking policy will increase our trust with customers; therefore, we are working to motivate employees to quit smoking and lower smoking rates over- all. In this light, we have introduced an online no-smoking treatment program on a trial basis.
In keeping with these efforts to improve the health of all Group employees, Sapporo Holdings was among several businesses to be certified as a 2019 Excellent Enterprise of
Medium-Term Health Management Plan (2019–2022)
Protecting Life Actions
1) Steps per day:
Health and Productivity Management (White 500),
a distinction granted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry to businesses with exceptional health management.
   Message Regarding the Sapporo Group Anti-Smoking Policy
Based on the Sapporo Group Health Creation Declaration, the Sapporo Group began its anti-smoking initiative in 2019. This initiative is part of our commitment to protect the health of each and every one of our employees.
Furthermore, we aim to establish a healthy work environ- ment by eliminating second-hand smoke.
As a company closely tied to the food industry, we believe that efforts toward our no-smoking policy will increase our trust with customers.
At the Sapporo Group, we are committed to health manage- ment in order to promote the happiness of employees, their families, the Company, and our customers.
   Goal
Initiatives
2022 Numerical Targets
     · Provide examinations at medical institutions for 100% of those who may require emer- gency treatment
· Offer health checks for 100% of employees aged 40 and over with lifestyle-related diseases
· Encourage no-smoking lifestyles
· Improve sleeping patterns
 · Utilize in-house nurses
· Promote use of health apps
· Carry out wellness surveys
· Implement Companywide employees health
declaration
· Promote walking
· Implement stress checks
  · Create plan in collaboration with research department
· Ensure improved health focused on women, the elderly, and other employee groups
· Support coexistence of treatment and work
    Improving Health
Increasing Strength through Diversity
Men: 9,200 steps, Women: 8,300 steps 2) Regular daily exercise:
(30 minutes, twice a week for over a year)
Men 39%, Women 35%
3) Adequate rest through proper sleep:
90%
4) Skipping breakfast:
Under 15%
5) Percentage of smokers:
Under 12%
Employee health spreading happiness to employees, their families, the Company, and customers
   Creation of a Stronger Company by Establishing a Dialogue and Suitable Work Systems for Employees with Cancer
 In order to increase their strength, Sapporo Breweries and POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage are working to create suitable work systems for employees diagnosed with cancer and to maintain a two-way dialogue. Accordingly,
the two companies have created a manual targeting employees with cancer and their supervisors, “Supporting the Coexistence of Treatment and Work,” as an easy-to- reference manual with the necessary information on
46

mediating between both elements. In addition, these com- panies have introduced hourly paid leave, super flex time, and teleworking to allow for more flexibility at work. Thanks to these efforts, these companies have created a system where employees can undergo treatment while still being able to perform their job duties.
In recognition of these efforts, Sapporo Breweries received the Gold Prize at the first Gan Ally Sengen (Cancer Ally Declaration) awards, held by the Gan-Ally-Bu, a privately run project dedicated to addressing the problem of mitigat- ing cancer treatment
and work.
My Career Built by Myself—Creating Opportunities to Tackle Challenges
Integrated Report 2018
  Supporting the Coexistence of Treatment and Work
· Published a manual, “Supporting the Coexistence of Treatment and Work,” for a system where necessary informa- tion is easily accessible
· Introduced hourly paid leave and super flex time for a system where employees can undergo treatment while being able to perform their job duties
· Implement health checks for lifestyle-related diseases (including checks conducted through health insurance asso- ciations and examinations for cancer and similar ailments) with costs partly covered by the Company for a system where employees can take their checks during work hours
· Assigned industrial physicians and nurses to each work location for a system where it is easy for employees to consult about their health
· Provided in-house counselors for a system where employees can consult about their careers, including matters of health and family
   In 2018, the Sapporo Group held its seventh “Global Resource Development Program for the Coming Generation” (GPC), a program that gathers young employ- ees from each Group company to create globally minded human resources. In addition to training in Japan, the program includes on-the-job training overseas, with the
aim of raising cross-cultural response skills and English communication ability. Participants in the program elect to join the program of their own accord, in the spirit of “self- driven career building.” Among these participants, we select those who are ready to do full-fledged work overseas or conduct business related to overseas work.Summary of GPC Program for fiscal 2018
1. Group training
2. Independent study (online English conversation classes,
customized e-learning, and writing assignments
conducted outside of official training hours)
3. Full-fledged work overseas (food product manufacturing
factory visits in Vietnam)
4. Personal research and proposals
Group Training
Company food product factory visit (Vietnam)
  The Hirameki! Lab—Beyond WorkStyle Reforms
An idea from the POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage workstyle reform pro- motion team sparked the creation of the Hirameki! Lab (“hirameki” is the Japanese word for “inspiration”). Workstyle reforms create stimulating stretches of time, producing “hirameki!” moments. The ideas produced in these times lead to changes in awareness and thinking and new initiatives while enjoying a pro- cess where people learn from each other and engage in dialogue. We are work- ing to create spaces where these moments can take place.
“What new ideas and innovations can we create?” “How can we make POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage an even better company?” “How can we change the way we work?” These are the questions that the Hirameki! Lab tackles to its fullest—questions that apply to lifestyles outside of time at work. Utilizing flex time and telework and improving work flow are the keys to creating more time, which opens the door for study groups, workshops, and seminars.
Presentation
Group work
   47