ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Product Safety and Quality Assurance
   Product Safety
SDS
U-CHRIP
SDS SDS
Complying with Chemical Substances Laws and Regulations
We are digitizing our systems to handle chemical substances laws and regulations. As well, we have constructed a domestic and overseas compliance structure that encompasses an SDS*1 production support system; in-house-developed chemical safety information; and U-CHRIP, a comprehensive database for managing safety and regulatory infor- mation about chemical substances.
We manage hazardous substances in products to realize green procurement*2.
U-CHRIP: UBE-CHemical Regulation Information Platform
Stepping Up Chemicals Management
We supply local-language versions of SDSs and product labels for all products, complying with reg- ulations in Europe, the United States, and around Asia to ensure the safe use of chemical products throughout the supply chain, and maintain web- sites for key product SDSs.
Quality Assurance
Chemicals Company
Regaining Trust by Steadily Implementing Measures to Prevent Issues from Recurring
The Chemicals Company is deploying measures
to prevent a recurrence of quality inspection impro- prieties. We will regain stakeholder trust by steadily implementing the measures.
To meet quality requirements specific to pharmaceuticals, the Pharmaceutical Division will remain committed to its Pharmaceutical Quality Policy through its proprietary pharmaceutical quality system.
We will continue creating unique customer value while constantly improving our capabilities in keeping with a high awareness of quality assurance among all employees.
Construction Materials Company
Maintaining Safe and Reliable Product Supplies
The Construction Materials Company looks after many of the Group’s companies. As well as engag- ing in cement, resource recycling, and energy busi- nesses, it supplies a range of social infrastructure products in Japan and overseas, including ready-
Our sales and technical personnel obtain haz- ardous substances information on products through SDSs to get handling and disposal information that they convey as needed to customers.
Extensively Disclosing Safety Information
Since fiscal 2011, we have participated in the Japan Chemical Industry Association (JCIA)’s voluntary chemical substance risk management activities while gathering and disseminating hazard informa- tion*3 and risk assessments.
We support the International Council of Chemical Association (ICCA)’s voluntary Long-Range Research Initiative, which focuses on the effects of chemical substances on human health and the environment.
Transportation Safety
We ensure the safe distribution of chemical sub- stances by preparing information that transporta- tion companies and their drivers can use in the unlikely event of an accident.
mixed concrete, magnesia and calcia, and con- struction material products.
This company’s Quality Assurance Department oversees quality assurance and product safety.
It disseminates and implements quality initiative measures within the company and audits product safety, contributing to society by constantly endeavoring to supply the safe and secure products that customers want.
Machinery Company
Continuing to Supply Quality Products and Services That Satisfy Customers and Build Trust The Machinery Company develops products from customer-centric perspectives by amply identifying diverse needs and their underpinnings. It continues to provide safe and secure products and services across various fields, including molding machines, industrial machinery, bridges, and steel products. The company developed human resources to comply with and uphold regulations and standards relating to business activities while continuing to enhance quality management systems as part of an ongoing Groupwide pursuit of outstanding quality.
 Glossary
*1 Safety Data Sheet (SDS): Documentation containing hazard and toxicity information about chemical substances that manufacturers disclose when supplying chemical substances and products incorporating them.
*2 Green procurement: Corporate purchases of raw materials, parts, and manufacturing facilities with minimal environmental footprints. *3 Hazard information: Information on the inherent risks of chemical substances.
61