    ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Coexisting with Communities
  Basic Guidelines for Social Contribution Activities
The UBE Group established a basic policy for its social contribution activities
(in Japanese only).
The UBE Group formulated its Basic Guidelines for Social Contribution Activities to undertake initiatives in keeping with the spirit of coexistence and mutual prosperity that underpins its CSR efforts. This report focuses on our community engagement endeavors.
https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/jp/sustainability/communication/community.html
Responsible Care (RC)*1 Regional Dialogue Meetings
In fiscal 2019, we held our 12th RC Regional Dialogue Meetings*2 in Western Yamaguchi and Sakai/Senboku regions to deepen mutual under- standing with local residents about our environ- mental protection and other corporate activities.
These gatherings featured presentations by various experts. The Disaster Control Advisor of Ube City’s General Strategy Bureau spoke at the meeting in Western Yamaguchi in November 2019 about lessons from recent natural disasters. At the Sakai/Senboku gathering in February 2019, the head of the RC Department of the Japan Chemical Industry Association (JCIA) introduced RC and outlined related communications initiatives. Another expert at this gathering was a representa- tive of the Sakai City Fire Department, who high- lighted preventive first aid basics in emergencies.
Corporate Citizenship
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal (UCE) in Spain
After several years of exchanges, on April 4, 2019, the cities of Castellón and Ube formally signed a sister city agreement in Ube City. In attendance
at the signing were the Ambassador of Spain to Japan and a delegation from the UBE Group. Dur- ing 2019, UCE contributed to the exchange fund- ing the dispatch of a Castellón University student to Yamaguchi University, receiving the Ube City official mission to Castellón and shooting a special
report by Yamaguchi Broadcasting Co., Ltd. The XXI Spain-Japan Forum was held in Castellón, at which UCE and city officials presented their case as an example of urban diplomacy and introduced the “Eco-Town model in Japan” as inspiration to advance the circular economy of plastics in Spain.
The Volunteer Promotion Group participated in various volunteer events, with a total of 360 hours of voluntary work by 94 UCE employees. The UCE Open Door days for employees and family was held with 430 visitors taking part in the event.
UBE Group in Thailand (See note)
UBE Group (Thailand) emphasizes social responsi- bility in its endeavors to engage with the community as a good corporate citizen.
On August 7, 2019, the Group held an open house for 50 local residents and government officials. This annual event is an opportunity for obtaining local feedback and sharing information, such as by explaining plant situations. Attendees take part in plant tours to deepen understanding of products, manufacturing processes, and safety initiatives.
The Group will continue to undertake activities in keeping with its guidelines and work to become an even better corporate citizen.
Note: UBE Chemicals (Asia) Public Company Limited THAI SYSTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED UBE Fine Chemicals (Asia) Co., Ltd.
UBE Technical Center (Asia) Limited
RAYONG FERTILIZER TRADING CO., LTD. UBE (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
    54