     ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Environment and Safety Management
  Responsible Care Activities Plans and Achievements Pages 1–2 of the 2020 Integrated Report Supple- mentary Information (Environment and Safety) presents activities plans and results for fiscal 2019.
We engage in RC* activities through plan–do–check–act (PDCA) cycles in all businesses to drive continual improvements in areas related to occupational safety and health, process safety and disaster prevention, and environmental preservation. https://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/ir/ir_library/integrated_report/pdf/2020/integrated_report_appendix_1.pdf
The UBE Group has made safeguarding the environment, safety, and health top priorities so it can provide products and services that contribute to better lives and achieve solid and sustainable growth.
We defined priority environmental and safety measures under the UBE Group Environmental and Safety Guidelines to reflect the activities of business sites and partner companies.
 UBE Group Environmental and Safety Guidelines
We will make it our shared value to prioritize safety in everything we do, realizing safety and security in the workplace and local communities, and conserving the global environment.
(1) We will secure healthy, safe and comfortable working conditions, aiming to eliminate occupational accidents.
(2) We will ensure the safety and security of facilities and operations, aiming to eliminate facilities accidents.
(3) We will reduce our emissions of waste and chemical substances, and contribute to establishing a recycling-based society by recycling and effectively using resources.
(4) We will voluntarily and continuously work to address global environmental issues in order to contribute to a sustainable society.
(5) We will strive to maintain and improve the health of working persons, who give vitality to society and corporations.
Published on April 1, 2019 Revised on April 1, 2020
Environmental and Safety Organization
Policies and measures relating to such environmental safety components as occupational safety and health, process safety and disaster prevention, and environmen- tal preservation are key management issues. The Presi- dent and CEO chairs the Strategic Management Meeting (Environment and Safety), which deliberates and decides on these issues. The meeting also serves as a process safety headquarters prescribed in a ministerial order relat- ing to high-pressure gas safety (HPGS), discussing and determining important matters relating to process safety at certified sites for high-pressure gas.
Environmental Safety Measures
Structure of Environment and Safety-Related Meetings Strategic Management Meeting Chairman: President
(Environment and Safety) and CEO
Chemicals Company ES Department
Policy deliberations and decisions: The Strategic Management Meeting discusses and determines Companywide measures, based on which each Company formu- lates annual activity goals and schedules.
P Facilities D
Secretariat
ES Department
Construction Materials Company ES Department
ES Division of Machinery Company / UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd.
  Plan
Annual RC Activities’ PDCA Cycle
Check
   * Responsible Care (RC): Please see the glossary on page 54.
Act
Review: We improve areas in which we have identified issues and reflect progress with improvements in measures for the following fiscal year.
Check: We audit and inspect activity progress and identify concerns.
Do A
Implementation:
   Each Company and offices and facilities undertake activities as scheduled.
C
 Glossary
55