 2020
INTEGRATED REPORT
   KANSAI PAINT GROUP CORPORATE PHILOSOPHY
“Continuing to be a company required by society”
In recent years, we at the Kansai Paint Group have been accelerating the pace of our globalization in an effort to diversify our portfolio of business regions and fields.
We are striving to achieve sustainable growth with the goal of becoming a true
global player. Our Corporate Philosophy forms the foundation upon which we will achieve these goals. By sharing this vision throughout our group and ensuring that all employees understand and
put into practice the content, we aim to continue being a company needed by society.
On this basis, the Kansai Paint Group has put forth its Mission Statement—that is, its aim for existence and roles to fulfil in the world—as follows.
We leverage superior technology to contribute to our Customers and Society,
in a sustainable manner, with innovative Products and Services, through a competent workforce, built on a culture of Customer Focus, Integrity and Respect to our Stakeholders.
In addition, we have also drawn up the following six Core Values as important criteria to realize our Mission Statement.
We refer to these six Core Values collectively using the “icare!” logo.
CONTENTS
    We build strong trust with all stakeholders, by doing the right thing, and by taking decisions that enhance the reputation of the organization in Society.
We continuously strive to understand and exceed Customer expectations.
We encourage organization members to take responsibility for their own actions and decisions, show commitment to all stakeholders, and accomplish work in an appropriate and efficient manner.
We respect diversity and embrace cultural and individual characteristics of organization members, customers and communities by showing empathy and understanding the viewpoints of distinct beliefs, philosophies and cultures.
We encourage and foster an environment of learning, teamwork and cooperation, that enables the development of all organization members.
03 Message from the President
05 Material Issues of the Kansai Paint Group
06 Corporate Data   Company Profile
  Group Companies Overseas
07 3 Kansai Paint Strengths
11 Financial/Non-Financial Highlights 13 Value Creation Process
15 The 16th Medium-term Business Plan and its Progress   Target
  Progress
  Management cycle   Key principles
17 Business Review
20 TOPICS
23 Coexistence with the Global Environment
  Policies and system on environmental conservation
  Responsible care organizational structure
  Responsible care audit by top management
  ALES ECO PLAN 2021(Evaluation of FY2019 results and targets)   Responding to global warming
  Taking steps to achieve a recycling-oriented society
  Water usage
  Promoting waste management
  Materials balance
  Management of chemical substances
29 Contribution to a Comfortable and Secure Life   Approach to CSR
  Promoting supply chain management
  Improving the value of products and services   Safety of products and services
31 Measures for Diversity
  Our personnel system (basic principles)
  Human resource development concept and structure
  Systematically organized training system
  Promotion of motivation, sense of achievement among employees   Promotion of diversity
  Ensuring health and safety
  Respect for human rights and harmony with the community
33 Fair Governance
  Basic approach to corporate governance   Corporate governance organization
  Corporate governance
  Thorough compliance
  Preventing corruption
37 10-Year Summary of Consolidated Financial Indicators
39 Consolidated Balance Sheets
40 Consolidated Statements of Income
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
41 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 42 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
  We facilitate the emergence of entrepreneurial ideas that have a long-term perspective, originality in thinking, and practicality of execution, taking responsibility to see these ideas through, with ownership at all times.
   We shall continue contributing to People and Society by providing sustainable value to all stakeholders.
We pioneer Innovation by engaging our collective wisdom and knowledge to create new value propositions, and continuously strive to generate original and novel solutions for products, services, and work processes.
  We experiment in different and groundbreaking ways to deal with value-creation opportunities or challenges, through a deep understanding of the issue at hand.
12

 To all our stakeholders:
The Kansai Paint Groupʼs Mission Statement is to “leverage superior technology to contribute to our customers and society, in a sustainable manner, with innovative products and services, through a competent workforce, built on a culture of customer focus, integrity, and respect to our stakeholders.”
The Surrounding Environment and Things We Are Setting Out to Achieve
The coatings business, which is the core business of our group, is applied to various items in our daily lives. It protects materials, making them last longer, adds value through beautiful colours and designs, and imparts special functions. There is a universal demand for features such as these that offer convenience, comfort, safety and security. As such, the paint industry is expected to further expand as a growing industry, due to a global increase in new middle class populations and accompanying developments in housing and infrastructure equipment, progress in industrialization, and motorization.
On the other hand, the surrounding environment has entered into a revolution era, a time of drastic and extremely rapid change. With these changes, we expect to see needs and ideas emerge that go beyond conventional wisdom, and we must be well placed to respond to these issues. Based on this recognition, we will strive to achieve sustainable growth by maintaining a mindset that considers the short, medium and long-term, providing values that support the development of people and society while satisfying contributions made through our conventional coatings-centered business, not to mention new business areas.
Overview of the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020
During the fiscal year under review, the global economy continued to face heightened geopolitical risks and uncertainties concerning political, policy and trade developments in different countries. Under such circumstances, while Europe, China, and other emerging countries in Asia faced weaker economies, the global economy as a whole continued to enjoy moderate recovery, albeit decelerating, with robust personal consumption and government expenditures in the United States. The Japanese economy remained sluggish mainly due to weaker exports reflecting the deceleration of the world economy, despite a recovery trend supported by improvements in the employment and income environments and a pickup in personal consumption from the beginning of the fiscal year under review. Furthermore, the Japanese and overseas economies have deteriorated sharply toward a severe situation due to the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, which occurred toward the end of the fiscal year under review.
The groupʼs net sales for the fiscal year under review
were 406,886 million yen (down 4.8% year on year), and operating income was 31,510 million yen (down 2.5% year on year), impacted by the decreased net sales despite a decline in raw material prices and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses. Ordinary income ended at 34,874 million yen (up 0.1% year on year) due to an increase in equity in earnings of affiliates despite a rise in foreign currency exchange loss. While gain on the sale of investment securities decreased and all the goodwill of South Africa was amortized at once, there was a gain from share transfer in an affiliate in the Middle East and no additional provision for loss on guarantees in the previous year was made. As a result, net income attributable to owners of parent ended at 18,477 million yen, up 6.2% year on year. Annual dividends were 30 yen per share.
Outlook for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2021 and Beyond
The paint industry is one of major growth, and global demand is expected to continue expanding steadily in the mid to long term. However, the short-term outlook remains uncertain due to a number of risk factors, such as global trade issues, future prospects for the Chinese economy, trends in emerging economies, uncertainty surrounding policy, and fluctuations in the financial and capital markets.
In addition, the spread of COVID-19 will only serve to further heighten the level of uncertainty in these factors and in all of the business fields involving the group as the recipient of demand, meaning that we need to continue keeping a close eye on events as they unfold. We in the Kansai Paint Group will continue to maintain a firm course in our business activities with an eye to further improving our performance. In doing so, we will work to achieve reforms as a highly sustainable company based on the business environment as it stands, mustering our capabilities as a group with the aim of achieving our mid- to long-term management strategies along with the following core policies we set out in the 16th Medium-term Business Plan: profit expansion followed by capital productivity and profitability improvement; improve business competitiveness; and improve the comprehensive strength of the group.
Key Principles to Tackle as a Matter of Priority and Our Management Strategy
In order to achieve our Mission Statement, we have identified the following six items as key items
(materiality) to tackle as a matter of priority, and are taking active steps in these areas through our business operations:
-Contribution to a comfortable and secure life -Contribution to local community and industrial
development
-Toward new business opportunities
-Measures for diversity
-Coexistence with the global environment
-Fair governance   
We also drew up our three-year mid-term management plan, which began in FY2019. This plan sets out the following key principles for our business activities, based on which we will muster our capabilities as a group to achieve the goals we have set out.
You will find more specific details of these further on in this report.
Closing Thoughts
We in the Kansai Paint Group have worked earnestly over the past century to achieve our wish for people to live in a society that is blessed with safety, abundance and convenience.
Our group, which throughout its history has overcome adversity to achieve change and growth, will continue to work faithfully toward turning this universal wish into reality. I hope that in doing so, we will make ongoing contributions to society by providing much-needed new value and helping solve social issues, such as SDGs. I believe FY2020 will be a significant year for our group in its efforts to maintain sustainable growth, one in which we will need to unite to overcome hardships such as COVID-19 and accelerate the pace of change toward further growth.
Representative Director, President
Kunishi Mouri
        34
-Profit expansion followed by capital productivity and -profitability improvement
-Improved business competitiveness
-Improved comprehensive strength of the group
Message
 from the President

About Kansai Paint
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Material Issues of the Kansai Paint Group
Based on its Mission Statement, part of the Group Corporate Philosophy, the Kansai Paint Group has identified the following key items (materiality) to tackle as a matter of priority so as to provide sustainable value and contribute to the development of people and society.
Corporate Data
Company Profile
Established in 1918, Kansai Paint Co., Ltd. has grown into Japan’s most progressive manufacturer in various fields related to coatings.
Today, the company enjoys a well-established position as one of the world’s leading paint manufacturers.
 Name
  Kansai Paint Co., Ltd.
 Head office
6-14, Imabashi 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-8523, Japan
 Date established
 May 17, 1918
 Capitalization
 25,658 millions of yen
 Number of employees
  16,459 (consolidated)
 End of term
 March 31
  Principal business lines
Manufacturing and sale of paints
Design, manufacturing, and sale of coating equipment Control and undertaking of painting work
Design of colour schemes
 Corporate website
  https://www.kansai.co.jp/
    Process for specifying material issues
 STEP 1 Narrow down items Consider social issues and
requests based on our own management policies, plans, strengths, and issues; SDGs and their targets; and survey items from ESG evaluating bodies, and extract issues that we need to tackle from the following four perspectives: (1) Things that contribute to the development of people and society
(2) Things that lead to a sense of motivation or achievement among employees through the realization/practice of (1) (3) Things that we should obey or comply with as a member of society, such as laws and ordinances
(4) Things based on long-term aspirations
STEP 2 Prioritize → select
Evaluate and sort the items extracted during Step 1 from two angles: degree of impact on stakeholders and degree of impact on our group. Narrow down the list to 20 items with the highest impact, group these in terms of similarity of content and select 6 items as material issues.
Gain approval through deliberation at a management meeting and a resolution passed down by the Board of Directors, and specify as “Material Issues of the Kansai Paint Group.”
STEP 3
Review/approve → specify
 High
Things that contribute to the development of people and society
Contribution to comfortable and secure life
● Helping improve contentment in life ● Improving the value of products
and services
● Safety of products and services
   High
● Promoting the spread of paints
Things that lead to a sense of motivation or achievement among employees
Measures for diversity
● Creating a sense of motivation or
● Ensuring health and safety
● Respect for human rights and harmony with the community
Contribution to local community and industrial development
● Contribution to local community and industrial development
 Degree of impact on the Kansai Paint Group
●
Promoting supply chain
management
Toward new business opportunities
● Toward new business opportunities
 ●
achievement among employees Promoting diversity
Things that we should obey or comply with as a member of society
  Coexistence with the global environment
● Responding to global warming ● Utilizing natural resources
● Water usage
● Taking steps to achieve a
recycling-oriented society
● Promoting waste management
Fair governance
● Corporate governance
● Adhering to labor standards ● Thorough compliance
● Preventing corruption
 Relationship between the values of material issues and the Group Mission Statement and ESG/SDGs
Group Companies Overseas China
KANSAI PAINT (SHENYANG) CO., LTD.
TIANJIN WINFIELD KANSAI PAINT & CHEMICALS CO., LTD. GUANGZHOU KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD.
SUZHOU KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD.
CHONGQING KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD.
HUNAN XIANGJIANG KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD.
COSCO KANSAI PAINT & CHEMICALS (TIANJIN) CO., LTD. COSCO KANSAI PAINT & CHEMICALS (SHANGHAI) CO., LTD. COSCO KANSAI PAINT (SHANGHAI) CO., LTD.
COSCO KANSAI PAINT & CHEMICALS (ZHUHAI) CO., LTD. KANSAI PAINT (CHINA) INVESTMENT CO., LTD.
India
KANSAI NEROLAC PAINTS LTD.
Myanmar
KANSAI PAINT MYANMAR CO., LTD.
Thailand
THAI KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD. KANSAI RESIN (THAILAND) CO., LTD.
Malaysia
SIME KANSAI PAINTS SDN. BHD. KANSAI PAINT ASIA PACIFIC SDN. BHD.
Vietnam
KANSAI-ALPHANAM PAINT CO., LTD.
Singapore
KANSAI PAINT (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
Taiwan
TAIWAN KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD.
Hong Kong
HONG KONG KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD.
Philippines
KANSAI PAINT PHILIPPINES, INC.
Major Offices
Indonesia
PT KANSAI PAINT INDONESIA
PT KANSAI PRAKARSA COATINGS
Korea
KNK COATINGS CO., LTD.
U.K.
PPG KANSAI AUTOMOTIVE FINISHES UK, LLP
France
PPG KANSAI AUTOMOTIVE FINISHES FRANCE, SAS
Austria
KANSAI HELIOS COATINGS GMBH
Turkey
KANSAI ALTAN BOYA SANAYI VE TICARET A.S. POLISAN KANSAI BOYA SANAYI VE TICARET A.S.
U.S.A.
KANSAI PAINT (AMERICA), INC.
U.S. PAINT CORPORATION
PPG KANSAI AUTOMOTIVE FINISHES U.S., LLC
Mexico
PPG ALESCO AUTOMOTIVE FINISHES MEXICO, S.DE R.L. DE C.V. DNT KANSAI MEXICANA S.A. DE CV.
South Africa
KANSAI PLASCON AFRICA LTD.
Kenya
KANSAI PLASCON EAST AFRICA LTD.
The various products provided by the Kansai Paint Group are highly valued and trusted in a broad variety of fields, due to the important role our coatings play, such as protection, beautification, special functionality, and environmental sensitivity.
Moreover, with Kansai Paint’s proprietary research and development capabilities at its core, the company is providing its clients around the world with unparalleled customer service by expanding its manufacturing, distribution, and sales activities worldwide.
Registry Office
 33-1 Kanzaki-cho, Amagasaki, Hyogo
Head Office
 6-14, Imabashi 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka
 Plants
Amagasaki, Ono, Nagoya, Hiratsuka, Kanuma, Tokyo, Kitakyushu
R&D Center
 Hiratsuka
           Material issues Contents of material issues Core Values ESG Relevant SDGs Details
Contribution to a comfortable and secure life
Contribution to local community and industrial development
Toward new business opportunities
Measures for diversity
Coexistence with the global environment
Fair governance
● Helping improve contentment in life
● Improving the value of products and services ● Safety of products and services
● Promoting supply chain management
● Contribution to local community and industrial development
● Promoting the spread of paints
● Toward new business opportunities
● Creating a sense of motivation or achievement among employees ● Promoting diversity
● Ensuring health and safety
● Respect for human rights and harmony with the community
● Responding to global warming
● Utilizing natural resources
● Water usage
● Taking steps to achieve a recycling-oriented society ● Promoting waste management
● Corporate governance
● Adhering to labor standards ● Thorough compliance
● Preventing corruption
Customer focus
Entrepreneurial mindset
Innovation
Respect
Accountability
Integrity
ES
ES
ES
S
E
G
GOOD HEALTH AND WELL-BEING
SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES
INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE
SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES
AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY
INDUSTRY, CLIMATE INNOVATION AND ACTION INFRASTRUCTURE
GENDER DECENT WORK REDUCED
EQUALITY AND ECONOMIC INEQUALITIES GROWTH
CLEAN WATER AND SANITATION
RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION
AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY
CLIMATE ACTION
SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES
PEACE, JUSTICE AND STRONG INSTITUTIONS
    P29-30
P20
P21
P20,22 P31-32
P23-28
P33-36
           56
Corporate Mission (Established January 1967)
1. To further build company credibility with the public and to contribute to society by providing products and services that achieve customer satisfaction.
2. To build on our knowledge and strive for technological innovations in order to improve the company’s performance.
3. To harness the collective efforts of all individuals in order to maximize company returns.
Degree of impact on stakeholders

 About Kansai Paint
  Kansai Paint
Strengths
Our strengths allow us to create value that is constantly in demand. We will leverage this strength to maximize our
corporate value while meeting the needs
of stakeholders and society.
   Global Capabilities
Contribute to the development of people and societies around the world through providing products and services.
In recent years, our group has been accelerating the pace of globalization and expanding its business activities throughout the world. Our globalization is being driven in particular by the robust growth in demand for paints stemming from economic growth in developing nations. We will continue providing products and services throughout the globe based on these business foundations, even into the next stage of economic development resulting from industrialization.
● A worldwide network covering most of the globe. POINTS ● Well-balanced and robust regional portfolios.
● Wide coverage of developing nations with high growth prospects.
Strength
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
  78
Ratio of overseas employees
Ratio of overseas sales
Ratio of overseas sales percentage point increase
82.1
65.0
1.1
%
%
-
%

  About Kansai Paint
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Strength
Technical Capabilities
 Aim to achieve product-market fit by bringing together the outstanding technical capabilities of all group companies.
Our group develops high added-value products utilizing core technologies accumulated in the course of our existence, such as colour, polymer design and dispersion technologies.
The source of this lies in our ability to merge our group-wide technical resources and the networks nurtured over many years of globalization.
We excel at combining the various aspects of chemistry to provide optimal products that meet a diverse range of global market needs (product-market fit).
 POINTS
● Possession of specialist research units in such areas as colour technologies, synthetic resins and dispersion technologies.
● Technological development systems that maximize collaboration between various coatings business fields, knowledge inherited through our past activities, and information from global sources.
● Technical service systems enabling us to accurately meet the needs of customers in the shortest possible time.
Investment in technically skilled human resources and the latest R&D facilities to support
● product development and technical services.
¥
R&D expenses
Strength
3
Diversity
 Group personnel engaged in R&D activities
Patents held
802 499
Increase diversity through the promotion
of the best practices, in which employees recognize each otherʼs good points, learn from one another and complement each other.
Our group stands out for having business operations in many different regions.
Coatings business needs differ by region. In order to cope with these diverse needs, we possess a whole host of different business models and outstanding assets from various origins.
By creating a corporate climate that shares and utilizes these qualities, we take active steps to improve our competitiveness.
926 6,582 Examples of R&D
Basic Technology
Millions of yen
Japan
Overseas
Polymer synthesis, new cross-linking reactions, pigment dispersion, surface control, rheology control, environmental improvement technologies
Colour Technology & Colour Design
Attitude surveys on fashionable colours/colour design proposals, new design developments, colour designs utilizing IT
Paint and Application Technology
Waterborne 3-wet coating system, low temperature curing/thin film system, development of heat-shielding, anti-bacterial, anti-mosquito, multi-colour paints
Award History
2019 “I-System” super-metallic design coating system (SURCAR Conference: The Juryʼs Award)
2018 Development of Pre-coated Aluminum Fin Stock with Excellent Hydrophilicity and Drainage
(Development Award of Japan Aluminum Association) Development of Tin-free Hydrolyzable Antifouling Paints (Kanto District Transport Bureau Chief's Award)
2017 Functionalities of Lime Plaster Paint
(Japan Coating Technology Association Award for Outstanding Research Presentation)
Aqueous System for Self-repairing Using Computer Colour-mixing Technologies
(Japan Society of Colour Material Technology Award)
2016 Research on Scratch Resistance in Multi-layered Coated Steel Panels
(Japan Coating Technology Association Best Paper Award)
Verification of the Antiviral Properties of Lime Plaster Paint
(Japan Society of Colour Material Excellent Lecture Award)
POINTS
Marine and Protective
● A comprehensive paint manufacturer covering all business fields.
● Possession of a whole host of different business models and outstanding assets from various origins.
● Sharing and utilization of these within the group to improve competitiveness.
  Coatings
Others
8
%
Automotive
Coatings Europe
Others % 1
employees by region
Japan
18%
Decorative Coatings
27%
Auto Refinish Africa Coatings 17
Ratio of India
6%
26% 18%
   Sales by business
5%
%
% 22
 Industrial
Coatings Asia
28% 24%
 9 10

About Kansai Paint
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Financial Highlights
Net Sales (consolidated)
406,886Millions of yen (Millions of yen)
Ratio of Overseas Net Sales
65.0%
EPS
71.87 yen
Dividend per Share・Dividend Payout Ratio (consolidated)
    500,000 400,000 300,000 200,000 100,000
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) Despite growth in local currency bases in Europe and the US, our consolidated
net sales for FY2019 were adversely affected by currency conversions stemming from currency depreciation mainly in developing nations. Furthermore, with a decrease in automobile production in Japan, India and Asia, and other factors, consolidated net sales were down on the previous year.
Composition Ratio of Sales by Region/Business
50 40 30 20 10
50 41.7 40
4.8%decrease
1.1%decrease
4.19yenincrease
Dividend per Share
30
Dividend Payout Ratio
39.2
2.6% 41.7% decrease
Dividend
44.3
(%) 70
60
(yen) 150
100 50
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) Consolidated operating income fell below the previous year, but equity in net
income of affiliates increased. In addition, we recorded a gain on sale of shares of subsidiaries and affiliates by reorganizing the disposition of unprofitable assets, and the effects of the provision for loss on guarantees recorded in the previous year have disappeared. As a result, consolidated current net income increased, and EPS also increased.
yen ±0yen
23.6
22
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) Under our basic policy of stable and sustainable payouts, we paid out a
dividend of the same amount as the previous term. However, while consolidated net income increased, the dividend payout ratio decreased. Note that the dividend payout for the previous year included a 2 yen commemorative dividend celebrating our 100th anniversary. When excluding this, we paid out an increased dividend, and the dividend payout ratio also increased.
Capital Investment Costs
(yen)
Payout Ratio (%)
    401,977
427,425
406,886
65.3
66.1
65.0
     328,118
330,235
106.41
6
30 20 10
 9
3.1
        71.87
0 50 0 0 0
 57.6
68.80
67.68
17.9
19
 58.9
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
         While domestic net sales decreased slightly, overseas net sales were adversely affected by currency conversions to an even greater degree, and the ratio of overseas net sales therefore decreased.
However, the ratio of overseas net sales remains at a level exceeding 65%, meaning that the overseas segment continues to account for a significant proportion of net sales.
    2%
17% 9%
17%
6% 8% Sales by
business
26% 5%
1.5% increase
(%) 20
10
8.7%
10.1
0.5% increase
39.4% decrease 23,018
EBITDA (consolidated)
54,904 Millions of yen (Millions of yen)
Adjusted ROE
13,949 Millions of yen (Millions of yen)
  35%
20%
60,000 50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
51,296
55,075
54,067
54,904
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000 5,000
   Sales by region
27%
■ Automotive Coatings ■ Auto Refinish Coatings ■ Industrial Coatings
49,847
       11.4
16,782
13,949
 9.5
8.2
8.7
11,443
13,617
   28%
  ■ Japan ■ India ■ Asia
■ Africa ■ Europe ■ Others
■ Decorative Coatings
■ Marine and Protective Coatings ■ Others
000
     In terms of the composition ratio of sales by region, the composition continues to be largely the same as the previous year, and we maintain business operations spanning the globe. In terms of the composition ratio of sales by business, our three core business areas are automotive coatings, industrial coatings and decorative coatings.
As a result, we have constructed a robust portfolio in terms of both region and business.
Non-Financial Highlights
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) While consolidated operating income decreased due to the effects of currency
conversions, etc., equity in net income of affiliates increased in the US, and increased in the Middle East region due to curtailment resulting from business contraction and withdrawal. As such, consolidated EBITDA was up on the previous year, and the consolidated EBITDA margin increased to 13.5% (12.6% in the previous year).
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) Consolidated net income increased, and we continued to make dividend
payouts in a stable and sustainable manner. As a result, ROE improved and increased.
85 countries +2 regions
In November 2018, our group formulated and introduced a unified corporate
brand and logo for use in all sections of our group. We are currently seeking to expand this corporate brand around the world, and are in the process of lodging applications for registration of our logo as a means of improving our group image.
Note that, in line with the actual application method, we have revised our description of applications we have submitted to include countries and regions (EU, OAPI).
2018 2019 (FY) In Japan, in addition to the maintenance and upgrading of existing facilities,
we made investments intended to improve business competitiveness and efficiency, such as IT development and improving logistics functions.
In our overseas business operations, while investment in improving capabilities continued, on a consolidated basis, capital investments were down due in part to the effects of a concentration of investments in the previous year, such as new factory construction in India, the relocation of a factory in Asia, and the introduction of the latest equipment.
91manufacturing bases
To cope with increasing globalization and a robust demand for our products
and services, especially in developing nations, we are carrying out business activities rooted in regions, with local production for local consumption.
We currently have 91 bases in 33 countries, and have put in place systems for promptly providing products and services to global markets and customers of all kinds.
2015
2016
2017
 Human Capital
Overseas Employees
   Intellectual Capital
Patents Held
  Social Capital
Where We Have Submitted Applications for Our Corporate Brand
  Production Capital
Manufacturing Bases
(people) 20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
13,512 people Japan
9,637 overseas
1.3% increase 13,512
(patents) 1,500
1,000 500
1,301patents
  1,455
1,342
1,286 1,288
1,301
2019 (FY)
                11
12
11,945
12,837
00 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Japan
overseas
2015
2016 2017 2018
13,341
27
30
30
      The number of overseas employees in our group continues to rise year by year with the increasing globalization of our groupʼs business operations. In the most recent fiscal year, the composition ratio of overseas employees in our group exceeded 80%. The number of overseas employees is expected to keep rising with the expansion of our global business operations.
We constantly strive to bring about technological innovations, and take an active stance in developing new products and technologies. As a result, we occupy a superior position within the industry in terms of the number of patents held. In the case of technologies related to automobiles in particular, such as automotive coatings, we are the industryʼs top holder of patents. We file applications for new patents and make regular revisions, constantly optimizing our patents. We will continue working to improve our technical capabilities through such measures as promoting the use of patented technologies within the group.

About Kansai Paint
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Value Creation Process
 Surrounding environment
Business area Vision
Corporate Philosophy
Mission Statement
We leverage superior technology to contribute to our Customers and Society, in a sustainable manner, with innovative Products and Services, through a competent workforce, built on a culture of Customer Focus, Integrity and Respect to our Stakeholders.
Input
2%
17%
Business models
Involvement of high-grade overseas companies into global management
Diversity
Technical capabilities
Outcome
History stretching back over a century Progression of Coatings business  Coatings business, a growth industry + To contribute to the development of society through its business activities,
globalization Toward an era of revolution challenges in new business fields utilizing existing knowledge and experience
to continue to be needed by society, to continue to be a dynamic corporate group
     Truly global business expansion
■ Japan ■ India ■ Asia
■ Africa ■ Europe ■ Others
Economic values
The 16th Medium-term Business Plan (FY2021 Target)
Consolidated net sales
490,000Millions of yen (CAGR+4.7%)
Consolidated EBITDA margin
Higher than 15.5% (Higher than 2.9% points compared with FY2018)
Adjusted ROE
Higher than 10.0% (Higher than 1.8% points compared with FY2018)
Generate total cash flow from operating activities in 3 years
140,000 Millions of yen
(+40,000 millions of yen compared with total
cash flow from operating activities during the period of the 15th Medium-term Management Plan)
 Overseas
35%
 65% Japan
9% 17%
overseas companies into global management
Establishment and operation of Oversea Excom
Diverse human resources
Number of employees (consolidated)
16,459
Technical background
R&D expenses
6,582 Millions of yen
 Sales by region
  Core Values
35%
Involvement of high-grade
20%
    Japan Asia
Fair governance
Promotion and
achievement of management plans
Promotion of best practice
Active expansion overseas, including emerging markets
   Europe Oversea India Excom
    Africa
Others
Promotion of local production for local consumption
Utilization of regional strengths
    Globalization
      Social values
Contributing to protecting the earth
Contributing to protecting life
Contributing to enriching peopleʼs minds
    Sharing and utilization of group assets
Application of core technologies and the development of cutting-edge technologies
Meeting the needs of clients thoroughly
        Sound finances Equity ratio
40 30 20 10
46.0%
2017
46.2%
(%) 50
49.4%
       49.4%
0
2018
2019 (FY)
Improve business competitiveness
    13
14

About Kansai Paint
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
The 16th Medium-term Business Plan and its Progress
FY2020
FY2020
FY2020
FY2020
Key principles
1. Profit expansion followed by capital productivity and profitability improvement
Introduction of ROIC tree-based performance management
ROIC was introduced as a key performance indicator, not to provide a numerical target but with the aim of acting as a driver for ROE performance within the group.
Specifically, we will calculate ROIC as required by the performance plans of individual companies and departments, analyze this data through a logic tree, and link division budgets/targets with results.
Kansai Paint Group started implementing its 3-year 16th
Medium-term Business Plan in FY2019. The positioning of
the 16th Medium-term Business Plan is as a transformation
period to become a company that continuously grows over
the long term. 5,000(Millions of yen) FY2019 was the first year in which we accelerated our
     efforts to implement the management cycle as set out in the 16th Medium-term Business Plan. This section introduces some of the various initiatives we undertook to put in place structural reforms.
4,500
4,000 3,500
4,274
4,069
4,900
FY2021
Over 15.5
FY2021
Over 10.0
FY2021 1,400
The 16th MTP
Progress
Net sales
DO
CHECK
   Progress
Result Result Result Result
Previous year
Result Result Result Result
ACTION
Improvement
Plan Plan Plan Plan
   Key principles of the 16th Medium-term Business Plan
  Main progress during FY2019
   Profit expansion followed by capital productivity and profitability improvement
Improve business competitiveness
Improve comprehensive strength of the group
Developed and introduced a system FY2018
FY2019
13.5
FY2019
8.7
FY2019
for administering management
indicators
Prepared for the introduction of ROIC
tree-based performance management 16(%)
Actively realigned low-profit assets,
and prepared for the establishment of 15 Sub-committees for Improvement of
Business Performance aimed at 14 solving company-wide issues
Clearly redefined the division of roles 13 12.6 between the Board of Directors and
the Management Committee, and 12
clarified the roles and responsibilities
EBITDA margin
   As well as managing the budgets for each quarter, we will single out policies for achieving our final results while demonstrating the day-to-day work needed to achieve our targets, and responding to changes in the overall plan from among many options, even in the event of unforeseen circumstances.
    of oversight and business execution
FY2018
8.2
FY2018
2. Improve business competitiveness
Realignment of low-profit assets in FY2019
 From FY2020 onwards, we anticipate improved profits
resulting from the realignment of low-profit assets. Sub- 11(%) committees for Improvement of Business Performance
began operating at the beginning of FY2020, and we began 10 basing our performance management on a ROIC tree.
During FY2020, we are also set to carry out reforms to our executive organization and realign our overseas 9 management as measures to improve the comprehensive
strength of the group. 8
Kansai Shenglian(China)
PFP project
KPR(Russia)
KANSAI PAINT(CHINA)INVESTMENT CO., LTD.
Chongqing ALESCO(China)
KPE(UK)
KPME(Middle East)
KPAL(South Africa)
Nigeria
Withdrawal by selling shares to the partner
Withdrawal
KPR dormant; business will be continued by Helios, etc.
Business withdrawal; investment function only
Shutdown → Liquidation
Business suspension
Agreement is reached to sell all shares owned by us to the partner (Technology license will continue)
Remaining goodwill was amortized all at once
Agreement is reached to sell all shares owned by us to the partner (KPAL brand licensing will continue)
Annual total approx. 500 million yen
FY2020 onwards
ROE
           Target
FY2021 Target 1,500(Millions of yen)
 Cash flow from operating activities
Annual 1.5 billion yen
1.1 billion yen (FY2020, FY2021Q1)
Annual 100 million yen
  Operating results 1,000 982 Consolidated net sales: 490,000 millions of yen (CAGR:
  +4.7%)
Consolidated EBITDA margin: Higher than 15.5% (2.9 500
percent points higher than FY2018)
Adjusted ROE: Higher than 10% (1.8 percent points higher 0
than FY2018) The 15th MTP Total cash flow generated from operating activities in 3
years: 140,000 millions of yen
(+40,000 millions of yen compared with total cash flow from
operating activities during the period of the 15th Medium-
term Management Plan)
FY2019
Targeting the whole group, including in Japan, we have made steady efforts to realign individual companies, businesses within individual companies, projects, etc., that we have deemed to be low profit by assessing the past, present and future from both quantitative and qualitative aspects.
Establishment of Sub-committees for Improvement of Business Performance
A number of Sub-committees for Improvement of Business Performance were set up at the beginning of FY2020. These committees, comprising a total of 82 members made up mainly of young employees aged in their 20s to 40s, work across business departments to solve common issues and issues that affect multiple departments from a company- wide perspective.
3. Improve comprehensive strength of the group
     Corporate Planning Dept.
 ROIC Team
 Financial Management Dept.
 Shareholder return
Payment of dividends in a stable and sustainable manner
Management cycle
Steady progress being made to meet targets for profitability (EBITDA margin/ROE)
Stable dividend per share
FY2018: 30 yen; FY2019: 30 yen
  Realign low profit assets
Short-term business recovery
   Analyze
Improve ability to earn
・Topline growth ・Profit expansion ・Improve efficiency
 Management resource reorganization Focus on profitable areas
   Expansion of scale
Reinvestment in growing segments
・Business ・M&A ・Alliance
Maximize cash
  Reinforcement of management functions
Enhancement of governance at overseas subsidiaries
Promotion of diversity
●Board of Directors: Oversight of business execution and company-wide issues(strategies, human resource development, governance) ●Strategy: Make the Medium-term Business Plan the definitive set of company targets
●Management Committee: Decision-making body with highest executive authority
●Governance: Reinforce the functions of the Internal Auditing Office, and strengthen the independence of the Crisis Management Committee
●Develop systems utilizing the latest cloud technologies which increase the speed at which existing management indicators are unified and shared, and enable visualization through the ROIC tree
●Complete basic development by the end of December 2019, and commence fully fledged operation in FY2020 following tests and data transfers
●Increase number of outside directors (non-Japanese/female)
●Increase number of non-Japanese auditors
●Set up a team in the Human Resources Planning Department charged with promoting diversity
●Consider the early selection of human resources for managerial positions
   Human resource development
   During FY2019, the first year in which we set this cycle in motion, we began by analyzing the group’s resources, and realigned multiple low-profit assets.
The consolidated EBITDA margin for FY2019 was 13.5%, an improvement of 0.9 percent points over FY2018, as a result of contributions from India, Asia, Africa, and North America.
In FY2019, we also carried out a range of reforms from the perspective of improving the comprehensive strength of the group. We have clearly redefined the division of roles between the Board of Directors and the Management Committee, and clarified the roles and responsibilities of oversight and business execution. This has enabled us to improve the supervision performed by outside directors, the audit & supervisory board, etc., and to thoroughly discuss the direction of our overall strategy in light of a range of proposals and in the context of important decisions that need to be made.
In FY2020, we will make every effort to accelerate the pace of this cycle to enable us to enter the final fiscal year of the 16th 15 Medium-term Business Plan in the best possible condition.
16
PLAN
    Individual company/division targets
ROIC
Type
Margin Turnover
Department budgets/targets
KPI KPI KPI KPI
   First realignment
Second realignment
Target
Content
Profit boost effect
Period of onset
     403
 Sub-committee A Sub-committee B Sub-committee C Sub-committee D Sub-committee E
Division

About Kansai Paint
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Business Review
Net Sales
150,000 (Millions of yen)
100,000 103,256 103,431 50,000
0
Industrial Coatings Net Sales
   factors including automobile model changes
increased overseas expansion of
each region
●Emergence of new competition as a
Net Sales 30,000(Millions of yen)
20,000 19,640 10,000
0
Domestic
24,097 21,735
2018 2019
Overseas
(FY)
Market Trends and Operating Results for This Fiscal Year
In Japan, market conditions remain sluggish due to a decrease in automobile ownership and an increasing shift from car ownership to use. Amid this, our net sales were down on the previous year, despite having expanded sales of highly competitive water-based coatings, etc.
Overseas, sales in the Africa region were sluggish, down on the previous year.
Market Forecast and Outlook
While there are concerns over diminishing equilibrium in the Japanese market, we will work to expand sales of eco-friendly coatings, and will take steps toward capturing a greater market share. In addition, we will also explore creating new business opportunities by combining our groupʼs all-water-based coatings and colour matching systems along with services and support.
Overseas, in addition to improving existing businesses, we will endeavor to venture into new businesses, especially in emerging markets.
Decorative Coatings Net Sales
Net Sales 150,000(Millions of yen)
100,000
83,221
50,000
0
2015
Domestic
Market Trends and Operating Results for This Fiscal Year
As the market in Japan picked up, we worked to expand our product lineup, increase sales of functional products, etc. As a result, our groupʼs net sales grew. Overseas, amid an intensifying price war in India, the volume of demand continued to expand, and revenue grew. However, we were affected by a slowdown in demand stemming from an economic slump in the Africa region, resulting in a decrease in revenue overall.
Market Forecast and Outlook
In the short term, we expect turmoil created by COVID-19, in which business activities were suspended when India and areas of Africa were placed into lockdown, to have a major impact on our net sales. However, in Japan, we will continue to aim at increasing our revenue by expanding sales of functional products, and providing products, services and support that match the needs of clients. Overseas, the economies of emerging markets into which our group has made forays continue to grow, and forecasts suggest that demand will continue to increase.
Domestic
111,235 112,985
Overseas
(FY)
Market Trends and Operating Results for This Fiscal Year
In Japan, we worked to increase our market share, and took other measures such as increasing prices. Despite this, net sales decreased, due in part to a fall in vehicle production to 9.41 million vehicles (down 3.5% year on year) coupled with a drop in coating exports. Overseas, despite an increase in products for Japanese-affiliated automobile manufacturers in China, net sales dropped greatly due to a major fall in vehicle production in India, as well as the effects of decreased output in the ASEAN region.
Market Forecast and Outlook
Both in Japan and overseas, either automobile production has dropped or demand has stagnated as a result of COVID-19. As such, we expect this to have a major impact on our net sales. However, going forward into the mid to long term, forecasts suggest that automobile production will recover and expand on a global basis, so we will continue to strengthen our relationships of trust with customers and fulfill our obligations as a supplier.
Net Sales 150,000(Millions of yen)
100,000
81,888
50,000
0
2015
●Diverse and sound technical
Domestic
Overseas
(FY)
Market Trends and Operating Results for This Fiscal Year
In Japan, the market for automotive parts and industrial machinery, which had been performing well, stagnated during the second half of the year. As a result, net sales were down on the previous year. Overseas, in addition to the impact of currency conversions in Europe, the market for construction machinery in China was affected by a decrease in demand from major clients and economic stagnation in Africa, meaning that sales were down.
Market Forecast and Outlook
Both in Japan and overseas, demand among major clients has stagnated as a result of COVID-19. As such, we expect this to have a major impact on our net sales. However, in both, there are still many potential regions and fields that our group has yet to tap into, and going forward into the mid to long term, we foresee being able to ramp up our expansion of current businesses and move into a range of business fields. To achieve this, we will share and utilize within the group our highly functional products, technologies, know-how, and experience.
           2015 2016
2017
2018
104,981
2019
83,448
2016
111,887
2017
122,193
2018
114,782
2019
●Achievement of improved added value through high-quality products ●Solid service and support capabilities for customer lines ●Strong presence among Japanese-affiliated automobile manufacturers
●When there is a surge in raw material prices, pass-throughs slow and there is a lag in profitability improvement
●Have not completely achieved local production for local consumption in global businesses
●Cost competitiveness differs by region
capabilities resulting from a proven
●When there is a surge in raw material prices, pass-throughs slows and there is a lag in profitability improvement
Broad range of business fields and clients, meaning an increasing need to provide services on an individual basis
Radical technological innovation
  SW O T
Auto Refinish Coatings Net Sales
expected to grow
Expanded vehicle production in ●emerging markets
●Expanded supply to
Reduction in paint volumes due to ●material changes in automobiles ●Emergence of alternative materials
Growth in demand stemming from ●accelerated industrialization due to
O T
Emergence of competition with an ●overwhelming presence in specific
non-Japanese-affiliated automobile
to paint, such as film
●Reduction in domestic automobile
economic growth in emerging
business fields
●Intensification of the competitive
manufacturers
●Increased share resulting from
sales volumes due to car sharing becoming more mainstream, etc.
markets, etc.
●Growth in sales resulting from the
environment with global players in
track record in supplying to a broad
range of business fields
Strong relationships of trust through a long-term proven track record in
●●
supplying to major clients
● Possession of original technologies business fields in which demand is
in
S W ●does not occur so easily
Japanese clients
●Improved earnings and increased
result of groundbreaking technological innovation
business opportunities thanks to the horizontal expansion of technologies within the group
     19,372
2016
103,550
2017
SW
109,374
23,262
2017
SW
112,310
2018
Overseas
2019 (FY)
         17
18
Automotive Coatings Net Sales
2015
86,670
2016
●Strong market presence through the latest water-based coatings
●Highly safe product lineup complying with environment-related laws and regulations
●Delays in expanding markets in the US, China, etc.
●Low degree of recognition from non-Japanese-affiliated car manufacturers
●Presence in emerging markets and regions with high expectations for growth, such as India and Africa ●Diverse lineup of global products ●
●Delays in expanding markets in the US, China, etc.
●Low public image of paint compared to wallpaper in the Japanese interior market
  ●Advanced and efficient colour matching capabilities based on an overwhelming pool of colour-related information
●Newcomers have difficulty capturing and expanding share
Possession of diverse business models
●Newcomers have difficulty capturing and expanding market share
Potential for new business chances ●to meet changing needs due to the
O
T
Contraction in the automobile repair ●business itself due to the improved
Increase in demand due to ●expansion of middle class
O
T
Appearance of competitive products ●and services other than paint due to
shift from car sharing becoming
safety performance of cars ●Rapid changes to requirements for
population, especially in emerging
economic growth
●Price pass-through is difficult in
more mainstream
●Expansion of markets due to an
products and services due to tighter
markets
●Greater focus on functional products ●Changing sales channels, such as
some regions when there is a surge
increase in automobile ownership in
environmental regulations, etc. ●Potential for changes to the nature of competition due to the arrival of
e-commerce
in raw material prices
●Potential for changes to the nature
emerging markets
●Light repair services, etc. becoming
of competition due to the arrival of global manufacturers through M&A
more mainstream
global manufacturers through M&A

Market Trends and Operating Results for This Fiscal Year
As the market in Japan picked up, we worked to expand sales by introducing new functional products onto the market, etc., and net sales in the field of protective coatings increased slightly. Meanwhile, in the field of marine coatings, stagnation in the shipping market continues, with net sales slumping and the total net sales for both fields falling below the previous year. Overseas, we experienced growth in Asia, resulting in increased revenue.
Market Forecast and Outlook
Despite a poor short-term outlook for a recovery in demand in the field of marine coatings, we aim to increase revenue by expanding sales of products in the field of protective coatings that meet the needs of clients and society, such as process-reducing, energy-saving and fire-resistant products that help address the shortage in skilled painting and coating workers. Overseas, meanwhile, in addition to existing businesses, we aim to tap into the demand for infrastructures and acquire new clients utilizing our global alliance with JOTUN, etc.
 20,000 10,000 0
22,440 20,793
2015 2016
22,586
  ●Ability to propose process-reducing/energy-saving
2017
2018 2019 (FY) ●Delay in lineup of products meeting
global specifications
●Delay in developing the next
generation of antifouling paint
●Yet to establish a unified brand as a
global network
●Maintenance cost constraints due to a worsening of client businesses
●Pressure on profitability due to soaring market prices for raw materials, such as zinc and cuprous oxide
●Market incursion on the specifications of global manufacturers (clients and suppliers)
 
Since 2015, our group, whose business operations extend around the globe, has been running the KPJ Training Program for trainees from overseas group companies. The aims of this program are as follows:
・Nurture human resources in Japan that will forge strong ties with people on the ground in their own countries, and serve as a bridge between overseas group companies and Kansai Paint in Japan.
・Build robust relationships of trust between trainees from each country and employees in Japan to help Kansai Paint Group achieve further growth.
To date, we have accepted a total of 45 trainees from China and ASEAN countries.

In principle, training lasts for a period of one year. Before arrival in Japan, the traineeʼs supervisor in the group company concerned and the Japanese side discuss what they hope the trainee will learn during their time in Japan, and a decision is made as to in which department the trainee will undertake training. A training plan is then carefully drawn up, after which training begins. For production training, which focuses mainly on raising awareness of safety, trainees receive direct on-the-spot guidance on Japanʼs safety and quality standards. For technical training, trainees learn about the technical skills required at their group company from Japanese technicians.
All trainees are accepted as Kansai Paint employees, meaning they are treated as colleagues. During their spare time and days off, they go out for meals and on sightseeing trips with Japanese employees, enabling them to also learn about Japanese culture and customs.

Trainees in this program receive guidance while working alongside Japanese employees in their day-to-day operations. Sometimes, they visit usersʼ companies and help come up with solutions for issues occurring on the ground. Such opportunities for trainees to think and take action for themselves help them not only to learn technical skills but also to grow as individuals.
The program also serves to encourage Japanese employees to develop into more globally-minded human resources by providing them with chances to encounter the cultures and ways of thinking of overseas group companies.

Following their return home, some trainees are placed in charge of work involving users at local Japanese-affiliated companies. Trainees, who have a good understanding of the local situation, are well placed to listen to the needs of local users directly, enabling them to meet those needs more precisely. By sharing the technological development capabilities and manufacturing skills Kansai Paint has accumulated in Japan with group companies through this program, we believe we can raise the level of our group companies across the board and enrich peopleʼs lives through paint.

Automotive coatings are one of our groupʼs core product lines. To date, we have conducted a range of research and development in this field to achieve a high level of functionality in our products in terms of such factors as weather resistance, chemical resistance, scratch resistance, and enhanced appearance and design.
To add to these features, we are currently developing Easy To Clean coatings as our next high-functionality product. Our aim is to make these coatings “maintenance free” in response to the coming change in the automotive industry resulting from drastic social changes and technological innovations, known within the industry as “CASE,” and its accompanying shifts in values and consumers (for example, the popularization of sharing and the shift from individual to corporate users).
These coatings reduce the adhesiveness of a range of contaminants, such as airborne dirt, dust and stains from collisions with insects by maintaining the water and oil repellence of surfaces for a long period of time, making it possible to remove contaminants using simple cleaning methods. This coating technology can provide a variety of potential value to users. For example, it can reduce the number of man-hours required to wash vehicles, saving individual users time and cutting management costs for corporate users.
Research and development are currently underway to improve the functionality of these coatings. We hope that further technological evolutions will help to increase the value of material assets, and enable us to contribute to the automotive industry and the creation of a new society.

What kinds of content/processes are utilized for this product?
Broadly speaking, coatings have three roles: beautification, protection and functionality. Coatings which fulfill these roles require many different technologies. Our group has accumulated a variety of technologies over the years, and is also formulating new ones.
The long-term maintenance of water and oil repellence in coatings has proven a major challenge, as the fact that coatings are made up of organic matter means that degradation starts at the surface due to light and other factors. In addition to overcoming this issue, the maintenance of the productʼs functions as an automotive coating has also been an important issue in our research and development. We have conducted a number of trials to this end, and have made it possible to maintain a high level of functionality by merging organic/inorganic hybrid surface modification technology, a core technology for coatings which evolved from surface modification technology, with our existing pool of automotive coating technologies.

What kinds of values can this product provide to society over the mid to long term?
These new technologies have the potential for application in a number of fields in addition to automobiles.
In fact, we are also developing other forms of coating derived from these technologies.
These coatings are designed to be used in the fight against graffiti on public transport, a social issue overseas. By strengthening surfaces using the aforementioned technologies, the coatings help prevent the penetration of grime and chemicals, and inhibit scratch marks. In addition to graffiti, we are also exploring a range of other potential applications for these products.
Going forward, in addition to promoting technological innovation such as low-temperature curing and aqueous solutions for general-purpose use, we hope to provide solutions in response to changes in society and various industries.

Our group promotes best practice by carrying out improvement drives within the group and sharing information on success stories in a wide range of fields, such as sales and human resources.
Details of activities taking place in various countries are pooled annually, and the most outstanding examples are introduced at group-wide presentation sessions.
A total of six of these presentation sessions have been held to date, the first of which took place in 2013. The presentation themes have changed over the years, covering a wide range of topics, such as content focusing on activities to improve production sites at the time of start up, as well as on the overall supply chain and management fields.
The presentations themselves have also evolved into equally diverse formats, ranging from small groups of managers and supervisors from various regions meeting under one roof to meetings utilizing teleconferencing technologies and other methods, thus enabling many employees to attend and take part.
The content of these sessions is now starting to be shared among group companies, and unique efforts to incorporate activities within the scope of daily work are now gaining pace in various regions. These include sharing off-topic secondary information throughout the company and coordinating with regional improvement activities.

Paint is a diverse medium, with each country and region having different needs and specifications according to the field of business.
Our groupʼs operations extend throughout the globe, as a result of which we possess business models of different origins and various expertise.
We believe that by sharing these throughout the group, we will be better placed to respond rapidly and flexibly to a diverse range of needs and issues requiring solutions, as well as improve efficiency and development speed.
And we also hope to train our employees—the human resources putting this know-how into practice—to develop a global mindset grounded in diverse perspectives by giving them opportunities to acquire a variety of knowledge and experiences, as well as fostering interaction between people which transcends the boundaries of region and culture.

Today, we are in the midst of changes of a kind said to take place only once in a century, changes that promise to reshape our world. The needs of customers are changing constantly, as are the issues society will need to tackle and the things we will have to learn to cope with as individuals.
In such a climate, we shall stand united as a group, adopting a diverse range of perspectives and standpoints to create better things. This stance, we believe, will form durable foundations for us to achieve our group mission of contributing to our customers and society.
Utilizing these foundations, we will continue to create values that are of benefit to society through our business.

ESG activities
Coexistence with the Global Environment
Policies and system on environmental conservation
Kansai Paint has formulated Corporate Policies on Environmental Conservation as the framework for its Responsible Care activities. Those policies reflect our commitments in a number of areas, including protection of the safety and health of the customers who use our products and the employees who use the chemical substances from which our products are made, as well as the reduction of environmental loads caused by the use of our products and our business operations.
Responsible care organizational structure
Based on the above corporate policies on environmental conservation, Kansai Paint sets goals and formulates plans relating to responsible care, and monitors their progress. This includes efforts to reduce product-related environmental loads and promote the uptake of environmentally-friendly products, ensure product safety, disclose information to customers, ensure employee safety and health, and minimize environmental loads generated by our business operations. This work is
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
ALES ECO PLAN 2021(Evaluation of FY2019 results and targets)
 Activities and Targeted Areas
FY2019 Targets
FY2019 Results
Evaluation
      Product Safety Activities
Reduction of Hazardous Substances in Products
1. Amount of lead in products sold*1)
2. Amount of hexavalent chromium in products sold*2)
 3. Amount of T, X, EB*3) in products sold*4)
 4. Reduction of nonylphenols*5)
  1. ISO 14001 activities
   Health and Safety AssuranceProvision of safety education to local employees simultaneously with safety diagnosis at affiliated companies overseasImplemented safety diagnosis (India, Indonesia)
Distributed safety-awareness materials in English  Environmental Safety and Health
Environmental Conservation Activities
2. Preparation of environmental accounting information
3. Prevention of environmental pollution
 1)Environmental measured values
 2)Security and disaster prevention
  1. Number of occupational accidents
2. Safety assurance at affiliated companies overseas1. Energy consumption (per unit of production)
 Reduction of Operational Environmental Impacts
2-1. CO2 emissions (per unit of production: Production division including incinerators)16.5% reduction from the FY2013 level by 202120.1% reduction from the FY2013 level  2-2. CO2 emissions (total: Production division, Technology division, Head Office and so on including incinerators)3. Waste generated (per unit of production)
 4. Waste recycling ratio・Entrenchment of a system for complying with environmental regulations in Japan
・Consideration and development of a system for complying with environmental regulations overseas in accordance with market developmentsCompliance with revisions to related governmental and ministerial ordinances such as the Industrial Safety and Health Act and the Ordinance on Prevention of Hazards Due
to Specified Chemical Substances, the Export Trade Control Order, and Poisonous and Deleterious Substances Control Act, etc  User-and Customer- related Environmental Safety
Market and Environmental Safety Activities
1. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations in Japan and overseas2. Environment management system enhancement
 3. Product liability complaints: 0 claims
  Environmental Information Disclosure
1. Publication of CSR Report
 2. Publication of Corporate Report    carried out by the Environmental & Product Safety Committee, the User- and Customer-Related Environmental Safety Committee, and the Environmental Safety & Health Committee.
Use prohibited except for special applications Elimination by 2020, including special application
86% reduction from the FY2003 level
Keep below FY2015 results
Limit usage to 0.3 t Conduct enquiry into elimination by 2022
Continued implementation
Continued publication
Within standard values
Leakage outside plant premises/fires: 0 incidents
Accidents involving loss of at least one workday: 0 cases
1.0% reduction from the FY2018 level
Keep below the FY2018 results per unit of production
1.0% reduction from the FY2018 level
Maintenance of 99% or higher
Development of required systems
0 claims related to the Product Liability Law
Continued publication
*1) Amount of lead (Pb): amount of elemental lead content
*2) Amount of hexavalent chromium (Cr VI): amount of elemental hexavalent chromium content *3) Finished products: includes thinners sold
*4) “T, X, and EB”: abbreviations for “toluene, xylene, and ethylbenzene”
*5) Nonylphenols: Poly(oxyethylene)octylphenyl ether, Poly(oxyethylene)nonylphenyl ether
Kept use prohibited except for special applications. Elimination completed, including for special applications.
86% reduction from the FY2003 level
Kept below FY2015 results
Usage: 1.2 t
Continued implementation
Continued publication
Within standard values
Leakage outside plant premises/ fires: 0 incidents
Accidents involving loss of workday: 1 case
1.7% increase from the FY2018 level
1.7% increase from the FY2018 level
5.0% reduction from the FY2018 level
Full-year average: 100%
Revision of labelling/SDS system
Kansai Paint, Kansai Paint Sales, Kansai Paint Marine, Kanpe Hapio: 0 claims
August publication of Integrated Report
Target achieved
Target achieved
Target achieved
Target not achieved
Target achieved
Target achieved
Target achieved
Target achieved
Target not achieved
Target achieved
Target not achieved
Target not achieved
Target achieved
Target achieved
Target achieved
Implementation continuing for each item
Target achieved
 The activity goals and plans of these three committees are approved and reviewed and progress monitored by the RC Committee and the RC Top Management Review Panel, which are the top-level organizations for responsible care.
          RC Top Management Review Panel Company President, Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Environmental & Product Safety Committee
RC Committee for Company-wide Promotion of Quality Control and Environmental Protection
 User- and Customer-Related Environmental Safety Committee Secretariat
QA & Environment Division
Environmental Safety & Health CommitteeEnvironmental Safety & Health Audit Team Environmental & Health Subcommittee Company-wide Safety & Environment Promotion Team Central Energy Conservation & Environmental Measures Team Overseas & Affiliated Company Environmental Safety Promotion Team
 ISO14001 ActivitiesRC Committee Committee Chairman: President
Plan
Act
ALES ECO PLAN
Do
Check
● Head Office
● R&D Center
● Amagasaki Plant
● Ono Plant
● Nagoya Plant
● Hiratsuka Plant
● Kanuma Plant
● Tokyo Technical & Business Office
● Group Companies
    Responsible care audit by top management
In February 2020, the three committees submitted reports on the progress of the ALES ECO PLAN 2021, drawn up in the previous year, and trends in environmental regulations in Japan and overseas to top management, including the President, who also chairs the Responsible Care Committee. Management discussed ways to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of future initiatives.
  Top management gave a number of instructions, such as to evaluate and enhance links with SDGs in RC activities relating to product development, including by making products more eco-friendly, as well as to improve safety/ hygiene measures not only in Japan but also at overseas affiliates.
 23
24
We will further expand our RC activities in line with these directives from management to achieve the ALES ECO PLAN.
Corporate policies on environmental conservation
1. To supply products after full consideration of their potential impacts on people and the environment.
2. To undertake proactive countermeasures to cope with the potential effects of products on people and the environment.
3. To contribute to society while raising awareness about the environment, safety and health.
4. To disclose and provide information related to the environment, safety and health.

To provide products to customers, our company consumes fossil fuels, a nonrenewable energy source, in the process emitting carbon dioxide, a cause of global warming.
Therefore, we are taking steps to save energy on a daily basis and update our facilities to be more energy- efficient in the belief that it is our responsibility as a manufacturer to reduce our energy consumption and CO2 emissions at all stages of production.

As a result of energy conservation activities, the amount of carbon dioxide emitted by the Production Division decreased by 2.5%. However, CO2 emissions per unit of output were 118kg-CO2/ton, up 1.7% from the FY2018 level.

The amount of energy used by the Production Division decreased by 2.9% from the FY2018 level, resulting in an increase of 1.7% in energy consumption per production unit from the FY2018 level. We will continue working to make more efficient use of energy.

Chemical substances with a particularly high toxicity or substances which are discharged in large volumes from manufacturing plants pose a risk to paint users and manufacturers, as well as the environment. In order to reduce the impact as much as possible, we are focusing our efforts on setting a target for reduction of the volume and use of such substances alongside our Medium-term Management Plan.

Anticorrosive pigments that contain hexavalent chromium are mainly used for applications that require long-term durability, protecting steel materials from rust and maintaining the aesthetic qualities of coated materials. We are working to reduce hexavalent chromium by switching to less harmful alternatives. In FY2019, we achieved a reduction of 86% compared with FY2003.

Toluene, xylene and ethylbenzene have long been used in coatings due to outstanding properties such as excellent coating film finish and rapid drying time. As these three substances are emitted in large quantities into the atmosphere, even as components in coatings, we are controlling the amounts contained in the products we sell as a way of limiting emissions into the atmosphere. The amount in FY2019 fell below that of FY2015.

Polyoxyethylene octylphenyl ether and polyoxyethylene nonphenyl ether have long been used as key materials in water-based coatings. However, since it came to light that these substances are harmful to aquatic environments, we have been working to go greener by reducing their use in new products, or by switching to less harmful alternatives. In the case of some water-based coatings, we were unable to secure alternatives with sufficient coating performance, and the switchover period is running behind schedule. As such, we were unable to achieve our ECO PLAN 2021 targets in FY2019.

In terms of our water usage in FY2019, the amount of underground water we pumped up decreased temporarily in FY2018 with the construction of a deep well at one of our plants. As such, water usage increased by 1.8% compared with FY2018. We will continue finding ways to use water more efficiently, such as by making improvements to equipment cleaning methods.

Starting in FY2019, we made systematic efforts to reduce waste volumes under the ALES ECO PLAN. As a result, the amount of waste generated decreased by 9.0% compared with FY2018.
In FY2019, we again achieved a waste recycling ratio of 99% or higher, which has continued since FY1999.
We will continue to make efforts to reduce waste volumes through waste recycling and other initiatives.

ESG activities
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Materials balance
Raw Materials Purchasing
R&D and Production
Recovery and Recycling
INPUT
Management of chemical substances
Kansai Paint has considered the hazards and harmful effects of chemical substances and designated as “prohibited substances” those whose use in products is prohibited and as “restricted-use substances” those whose use in new designs and applications are restricted. We strive to secure the health and safety of product users and Kansai Paint technical and production personnel and conserve the environment by confirming before the materials registration and product formulation preparation stages whether or not these prohibited
substances and restricted-use substances are contained in raw materials blended into products, based on information in SDS and raw materials samples and instructions submitted by raw materials manufacturers. When handling new raw materials or when the method of handling an existing raw material is changed, technical and production personnel conduct risk assessments required under the Industrial Safety and Health Act and devise measures for safer handling of these raw materials.
Product design
Reject
Accept
      Energy inputs
Water resource inputs
Total water use 5.9×105 m3Electric power
4.9×107 kWhUtility gas
6×106 m3A-grade heavy oil
5.9×102 kLKerosene
0.5×103 kLLPG
2.2×102 kLCO2 emissions
33,900t-CO2NOx emissions
2.4tSOx emissions
5.5tCOD emissions
0.6tAmount of waste generated
17,400 tAmount of wastewater treated
10,500 tAmount of waste emitted
21tChemical substance emissions
81t  Review
  Registration of raw materials
  Yes
No No   New raw materials
Acquisition of information on raw materials
・SDS ・Samples of
raw materials, instructions, etc.
Contains prohibited substances?
  No
Yes
Yes
Contains dangerous/ toxic substances
with use restrictions?
Review on registration of raw
materials
General raw materials
Dangerous/ toxic raw materials
Raw materials with use restrictions
Review on product use
Product formulation
 YesRaw materials already registered
Restricted-use substances?
YesSearch for raw and processed materials Clean water
0.9×105 m3Groundwater
3.4×105 m3Industrial water
1.6×105 m3      Logistics
Use (Customers)
INPUT
Fuel
OUTPUT
OUTPUT
Waste (containers, etc.)
OUTPUTCO2 emissions from transport operations
7,613 t-CO2    No Energy inputsWater resource inputsAmount of waste generatedAmount of waste emittedCO2 emissionsSOx emissionsNOx emissionsChemical substance emissionsAmount of wastewater treatedCOD emissionsFuelCO2 emissions from transport operationsAmount of energy used in business activities
Amount of water used in business activitiesAmount of waste generated from business activities (excluding wastewater)
External intermediate disposal and external final disposal volume of waste generated from business activities
Amount of CO2 emitted from business activities
Amount of SOx emitted from business activities
Amount of NOx emitted from business activities
Amount of substances subject to notification under the PRTR system in the Chemical Substances Management Act emitted into the atmosphere from business activities
Amount of water discharged from business activities (amount treated as wastewater treated + amount incinerated)
Amount calculated by multiplying the COD concentration in wastewater by the amount of wastewater Diesel oil used in transport
Amount calculated from the amount of fuel used in transport (estimate)27
28

Our basic philosophy is contained in Article 1 of our Corporate Mission, which is, “To further build company credibility with the public and to contribute to society by providing products and services that achieve customer satisfaction.” In keeping with this spirit, our CSR is founded on the following two principles: 1. Continuing to provide customers with stable-quality products and services while maintaining safe and eco-friendly operations; 2. Continuing to provide people with fulfilling and comfortable lives and enriched minds through the things we make.
We in this group, along with everyone involved with us, will continue working to support the growth of people and society based on these CSR foundations, striving to foster a spirit of harmony, respect and cooperation in all we do.

At all stages of its business activities, from research and development and the procurement of materials to the production, distribution and sales of products, as well as the use and disposal of products, Kansai Paint carries out procurement activities which take into consideration the health and safety of all, including employees, local communities, and customers. In recent years, suppliers have been affected by natural disasters, which have caused many problems with the supply of materials. Given this, we carry out risk assessments on all suppliers, in which we examine such factors as their vulnerability to earthquakes, storm damage, volcanoes, etc.
We had suppliers that ranked within the top 50 in terms of level of risk complete a questionnaire survey on BCM (business continuity management).
We will hold talks with those suppliers taking an inadequate approach to BCM and request that they take steps to address the situation. In addition, we will further reinforce our own response to supply problems so as to promote the secure procurement of materials.

In November 2019, we undertook a project at Ebina Elementary School in Kanagawa Prefecture as part of our work to promote health and welfare at schools. On this occasion, we used anti-contact infection tape coated with ALES-SHIKKUI, our group’s functional lime plaster paint. As lime plaster paint possesses antibacterial and antiviral properties, this school decided to use it as a measure against influenza. This involved applying the product to sections of the building that people frequently touch and which therefore pose a risk of infection from contact, such as classroom doors and handrails. The students watched with interest as we applied the tape, which helped them understand the meaning and importance of taking anti-contact infection steps, and we received feedback from the school that our project had a secondary effect, in that it encouraged students to be more rigorous with washing their hands.

Coatings become effective once they have been applied, when they turn into dry coating film.
The incorrect use of even a safe product can lead to an accident. Kansai Paint provides information on the hazardous properties of products and handling precautions in safety data sheets (SDS), container labels and other sources. We prepare SDS and labels that comply with applicable laws and regulations, JIS standards, and guidelines issued by the Japan Paint Manufacturers Association. We will appropriately add and provide to users information necessary for the safe use of products.

In order to develop new human resources capable of responding flexibly to changes in the times, Kansai Paint has established a personnel system based on the principle of “invigoration of individuals and organizations.” We work to put in place environments enabling employees to give full play to their abilities, providing a substantial pool of power that will help invigorate the organization as a whole. In addition, we also aim to achieve a proactive corporate climate which nurtures “independence and autonomy” by encouraging all employees to think and act on their own initiative, and to take responsibility for their own actions, and in which everyone receives a fair evaluation of their efforts. These two points form the basic principles of our personnel system, which we established in the hope of becoming an attractive and competitive corporation centered on people.

We have put in place flexible worker-friendly environments that prevent long working hours and allow for diverse workstyles, enabling employees to strike a balance between work and childcare/caregiving. This, we believe, will help increase motivation among employees and give them a fuller sense of achievement.

When it comes to overtime, our levels continue to remain below the upper guidelines set in Japan’s Labor Standards Act, and we have entered into agreements on working hours with our union. Over these past five fiscal years, the average overtime hours/month per employee (union members) are as follows.

We commenced women’s participation and advancement activities in FY2016. This year, we held a forum which helped employees see these issues in a new light. While we are already on the way to putting in place the kind of environment that enables women to enjoy a long career at Kansai Paint, we will now shift our focus to providing support for women’s career advancement. First and foremost, it is important for women to have a proper career vision and the resolve to grow.

We help employees to balance work with childcare. Systems designed to support employees with childcare responsibilities include childcare leave, and the reduction of working hours until children graduate from elementary school.

I was really grateful for the maternity leave
system, as I was raising my first child and
wanted to spend as much quality time with my child as possible. I was the first person in my current department to make use of this system, but everyone was so sympathetic and resolved all of my anxieties, allowing me to take time off work with peace of mind. I was also able to extend my period of leave due to circumstances surrounding my child’s admission to daycare, for which I was grateful. Since I have returned to work, I have benefited from a more flexible working style, such as shorter hours and teleworking, which has been extremely helpful to me and my family. I hope that more people will choose to use this system, and that it will become even more convenient.

Kansai Paint considers its employees to be treasured company assets, and has initiated a range of occupational safety and health activities enabling everyone to work in safety and good health. This includes environmental safety and health inspections by management, carried out by a central HSE manager (General Manager of the Production Division) and a team of experts.

Following on from the previous fiscal year, we aimed to achieve zero accidents requiring time off work (one day or more off), but unfortunately one such accident occurred in FY2019.

We will continue working to eradicate accidents from the group by making ongoing improvements to the content of our safety activities, and fostering the kind of workplace culture in which all employees are aware of the dangers and work carefully with their colleagues to avoid risks.

The Health and Hygiene Subcommittee was established within the Environment Safety and Health Committee as a dedicated organization that engages in health management for employees of Kansai Paint Group. It works to improve mental health care for employees, mainly through Employee Assistance Program (EAP) services, in accordance with the Mental Health Promotion Plan.

We have also instituted a system for following up on employees diagnosed with medical conditions after periodic health examinations and are striving to maintain and promote the health of employees.

Awareness-raising activities during human rights week
We respect the UN’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights. During Human Rights Week, which runs from December 4 to 10 every year as set out in the declaration, we hold activities to promote awareness of human rights.
Initiatives aimed at tackling human rights issues from the perspective of a company
Through alliances with the Corporate Federation for Dowa and Human Rights Issues, Osaka; the Industrial Federation for Human Rights, Tokyo; and other industrial committees for the promotion of human rights; we actively participate in the projects of human rights groups and training held by government.

Working hand-in-hand with and for the local community
Each year, we provide paint to elementary and junior high schools neighboring the R&D Center (Hiratsuka City, Kanagawa Prefecture), our group’s R&D hub. In addition, technical instructors from our Group, including former employees, help out with painting work, thus deepening ties with the local community.


Basic approach to corporate governance
Kansai Paint Group’s mission statement within our corporate philosophy is “we leverage superior technology to contribute to our Customers and Society, in a sustainable manner, with innovative Products and Services, through a competent workforce, built on a culture of Customer Focus, Integrity and Respect to our Stakeholders.”
We believe that increasing the satisfaction of our customers through the coatings business, which is the core business of the group, is the foundation and reason for the group’s existence, and that our commitment to contributing to society at large by enhancing the corporate value through the realization of customer satisfaction enables the group to contribute to its stakeholders including the shareholders, business partners, employees and local community.

Corporate governance is regarded as an important management task in order to realize continuous improvement of corporate value. In order to ensure that the concept of “profit and fairness”, the cornerstone of our corporate activities, is understood and acted upon by group officers and employees, we will work toward improved awareness through putting into effect various measures. We disclose our policies and initiatives concerning all of the principles set out in the corporate governance code as prescribed by the stock exchange. For more details, please visit our website at the following link:

To comply with laws and regulations and fulfill our corporate social responsibility, Kansai Paint has clearly set out conduct guidelines that make “profit and fairness” the cornerstone of corporate activities. We also continuously instruct our employees about each situation. We also have set up a consultation desk for reporting compliance violations both inside and outside the company, and appropriately deal with any reports through accurate information collection and disclosure.
Kansai Paint established the Crisis Management Committee for the purpose of preventing and responding to risks that may have a significant impact on the group’s business operations. In addition, we have also established guidelines and constructed risk management systems to deal with a range of foreseeable risks. We hall administer and maintain these risk management systems to enable us to obtain various kinds of risk information at an early stage, alert employees to the situation if the need arises, understand the situation, and come up with the appropriate countermeasures.
To ensure the legality of the business activities of group companies and promote efficient operation, the company properly handles and collects necessary information and correctly records and retains the results. To increase the transparency of business activities, the company endeavors to disclose in an accurate and timely manner matters stipulated by laws and regulations, important information concerning business management, and information useful to society relating to business activities except for information recognized as trade secrets.

Efforts to improve corporate governance
Kansai Paint continues working to improve its corporate governance while responding to amendments to laws and listing rules, as well as changes in social and economic environments. By doing so, we aim to help our group achieve sustainable growth and improve its mid- to long-term corporate values, as well as encourage coexistence and mutual prosperity between a range of stakeholders, including shareholders, employees, customers, business partners, and local communities.

The Board of Directors is structured to ensure: an appropriate number of board members; a proper ratio of internal and outside directors; balance, among internal directors, of representation for production, sales, procurement, technology, and administration; and a broad scope of knowledge, experience, and expertise among outside directors. The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises internal members as well as independent, expert outside auditors.

This committee consists of two representative directors, three outside directors and two outside audit & supervisory board members (chairman: outside director).
The directors and audit & supervisory board members, who attend board meetings, were polled via a questionnaire, and the board’s efficacy evaluated based on the results. A number of points were identified as needing improvement from an outside director’s standpoint, and we will endeavor to make improvements in these areas so as to improve the efficacy of the board. The committee deliberated on performance-linked compensation and executive compensation in the preceding fiscal year. Performance-linked compensation is calculated based on these deliberations.

This committee consists of three outside directors and two outside audit & supervisory board members (chairman: outside director).
Prior to tabling the motion regarding the Election of Eight (8) Board Directors (second item of proposal) at the 156th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, the board deliberated on the candidates proposed by the representative directors, agreed unanimously with the proposal, and resolved that the proposal should subsequently be tabled as is at the AGM.

Compensation for internal directors
Compensation for internal directors consists of basic compensation, performance-linked compensation and performance-linked, stock-based compensation.
Basic compensation is a fixed amount of monetary compensation set according to the position and job content of directors. There are no set policies for determining performance-linked compensation by position. Performance-linked compensation is monetary compensation which pays out an increased or decreased amount calculated using the amount of performance- linked compensation for the previous year, taking into consideration the company’s performance and performance/achievements of individual directors and is reviewed by the Evaluation Committee. Performance- linked, stock-based compensation is implemented at the time of resignation of directors, etc. Under this system, directors are awarded points according to their position and level of achievement, etc., of our targets for each fiscal year (EBITDA, etc.). These points are then exchanged for stocks in our company, etc., equivalent to the accumulated value of the issued points (or, “issuance of stocks in our company and payment of money or an amount equivalent to the conversion of these stocks into cash”). For more details, please see the sixth item of proposal of notice of convocation of the 153rd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders entitled, “Determination of the Amount of Performance-based Stock Compensation for Board of Directors and Its Details

(https://www.kansai.com/investor-relations/meeting/ index.html).” Performance-linked compensation and performance-linked, stock-based compensation is determined as follows. First, the Evaluation Committee, a discretionary advisory committee comprising the representative director, outside directors and outside audit & supervisory board members, evaluates the individual performances of directors and executive officers, and reviews their executive compensation. Then, the Board of Directors makes a final decision based on the results of this process. An outside director is chosen as the chair of this committee, making for a fairer, more transparent system.

Compensation for outside directors is determined taking into consideration the job content, and consists mainly of a fixed amount of basic compensation. Outside directors are ineligible for performance-linked compensation and performance-linked, stock-based compensation.

Compensation for audit & supervisory board members is determined taking into consideration the job content according to whether the audit & supervisory board member is an internal or an outside audit & supervisory board member, and consists mainly of a fixed amount of basic compensation.

We have established a hotline for internal reporting as part of a system enabling employees to make reports directly to the Compliance Promotion Committee rather than going through regular routes within the organization. In addition, this hotline is run independently from management, with the stipulation that whistleblowers are granted anonymity and protected from disadvantageous treatment. In FY2019, we also established an external hotline, available for use by domestic group companies as well.

We distribute a corporate ethics handbook and continuously provide compliance education to improve employee awareness.

During training for new employees and managers, we continue to conduct a series of training sessions on overall compliance, as well as other training covering such things as competition laws and the prevention of corruption for members of the Business Division or those being posted overseas. In regard to insider trading in particular, we hold drives four times a year through our intranet to raise awareness and to deepen understanding.

Our standards for the prevention of corruption and bribery are set out in our Codes of Behavior, as follows.

This code of behavior prohibits acts of all kinds which conflict with the Anti-monopoly Law. It also states that we shall comply with not only this law in Japan but also the equivalent laws of other countries.

This code of behavior contains stipulations on how we conduct ourselves in line with commonly-accepted norms and social practices, declaring that we shall not engage in acts which are in conflict with laws and regulations on bribery, etc., such as refraining from giving gifts or entertaining staff from government offices or similar public organizations. It also states how we shall conduct ourselves in the same manner overseas, acting with an understanding of local customs, laws, regulations, etc.


*Percentages are truncated beyond the first decimal point.
Consolidated Financial Indicators
Net sales(Millions of yen)
Sales by Business Segment(Millions of yen)
 Automotive
 Auto Refinish
 Industrial
 Decorative
 Marine & Protective
 Others
Sales by Region(Millions of yen)
 Japan 146,808
 India
 Asia
 Africa
 Europe
 Others
Ratio of Overseas Net Sales(%)
Operating income(Millions of yen) Operating income to net sales ratio(%) Ordinary income(Millions of yen)
Ordinary income by Region(Millions of yen)  Japan
40,409 40,169 − 9,100 496 42.6% 21,101 8.9% 23,534
12,494 4,935 5,390
− 418 295
9.9% 12,675 47.73 7.7% 21.0% 10.00 6,277 5,582 6,976 18,252
(14,246) (4,741)
2010
236,984
2011
256,590
78,604 17,239 67,137 61,151 18,801 13,657
145,223 42,091 36,623 21,718
− 10,933 47.2% 19,315 7.5% 21,446
12,903 4,888 3,204
14 − 435
8.4% 13,996 52.70 8.3% 19.0% 10.00 13,559 5,184 7,167 10,358
(21,949)
14,684
2012
294,053
89,338 20,020 75,031 77,103 19,097 13,461
146,900 50,075 50,100 32,105
− 14,870 53.4% 24,171 8.2% 28,353
15,562 5,423 5,703
476 − 1,185
9.6% 17,758 66.62 9.6% 18.0% 12.00 18,867 5,141 6,984 25,079
(13,360) (3,424)
2013
320,453
100,871 20,601 81,944 83,232 18,999 14,804
154,287 54,956 59,548 34,801
− 16,860 55.6% 29,636 9.2% 35,471
18,347 5,392 8,363 1,186
− 2,180
11.1% 21,560 80.91 10.2% 18.5% 15.00 15,509 5,268 8,446 25,486 (16,145)
(6,511)
2014
349,333
111,015 21,054 87,309 93,532 19,893 16,528
154,004 69,521 66,232 39,543
− 20,031 59.6% 31,580 9.0% 37,725
17,760 7,799 8,293 1,443
− 2,428
10.8% 20,409 76.61 8.3% 19.6% 15.00 13,034 5,323 10,289 31,957 (19,544)
(9,632)
2015
328,118
103,256 19,640 81,888 83,221 22,440 17,670
155,367 65,800 58,897 29,251 17,772
1,029 57.6% 34,772 10.6% 39,714
21,469 9,195 7,651
(594)
703 1,289
12.1% 28,343 106.41 10.9% 17.9%
19.00 11,443 5,046 9,742 31,470 (14,789) (14,834)
2016
330,235
103,431 19,372 83,448 86,670 20,793 16,519
151,416 74,694 56,623 28,026 16,830
2,643 58.9% 35,310 10.7% 40,025
23,535 11,622 6,569
(3,732)
1,024
2017
401,977
111,235 23,262 111,887 103,550 22,586 29,455
155,552 83,432 63,300 35,132 59,098
5,461 65.3% 35,802 8.9% 33,241
19,051 13,366 431
(4,965)
4,395 963
8.3% 17,701 68.80 6.7% 39.2% 27.00 16,782 6,592 13,176 33,509
(33,756)
8,059
2018
427,425
112,985 24,097 122,193 112,310 22,081 33,758
159,339 86,922 63,828 39,446 71,934
5,954 66.1% 32,306 7.6% 34,838
19,552 11,051 5,398
(4,043)
2,360 518
8.2% 17,405 67.68 6.4% 44.3% 30.00 23,018 6,547 13,917 35,632
(17,461) (6,964)
2019
406,886
104,981 21,735 114,782 109,374 22,462 33,550
155,078 81,697 60,176 35,742 68,168
6,021 65.0% 31,510 7.7% 34,874
18,153 10,268 5,456
(2,967)
2,719
79,935 14,054 64,517 46,025 19,274 13,178
 India
 Asia
 Africa
 Europe
 Others
 Adjustment 011−
1,004 −−−−−−
Ordinary income to net sales ratio(%)
Net income attributable to owners of the parent(Millions of yen) EPS(Earnings per share)(Yen)
Adjusted ROE(Return on equity()%)
Dividend payout ratio(%)
Dividends per share(Yen)
Capital expenditures(Millions of yen)
R&D expenses(Millions of yen)
Depreciation(Millions of yen)
Cash flows from operating activities(Millions of yen)
Cash flows from investing activities(Millions of yen)
Cash flows from financing activities(Millions of yen)
12.1% 24,168 93.16 9.5% 23.6% 22.00 13,617 5,297 10,153 29,146 (97,020) 60,264
1,243
8.6% 18,477 71.87 6.9% 41.7% 30.00 13,949 6,582 14,482 40,324
(22,045) (37,403)
Financial Section
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Assets
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
Consolidated Statements of Income
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating income
Non-operating income
 Interest income
 Dividend income
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates  Miscellaneous income
 Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
 Interest expense
 Loss on disposal of inventories
 Foreign currency exchange loss
 Miscellaneous expenses
 Total non-operating expenses
Ordinary income
Extraordinary income
 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment
 Gain on sale of investment securities
 Gain on sale of shares of subsidiaries and affiliates
 Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries
 Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
 Loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment
 Loss on sale of investments in capital of subsidiaries and associates  Impairment loss
 Write-down of securities and investment securities
 Loss on liquidation of subsidiaries
 Loss on disaster
 Early extra retirement payments
 Provision for loss on guarantees
 Loss on withdrawal from business
 Amortization of goodwill
 Total extraordinary losses
Income before income taxes and non-controlling interests
Income taxes - current
Income taxes - deferred
Total income taxes
Net income
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(Millions of yen)
 As of March 31, 2020
58,618
 101,512
4,705
 35,095
5,696
23,530
 14,932
(3,152)
240,938
 58,222
31,067
8,355
25,041
6,732
129,419
3,306
2,320
 227
33,551
 19,000
58,406
 76,183
 17,414
 2,292
 9,012
 7,470
 7,626
 (4,641)
115,358
303,185
544,123
  As of March 31, 2020 
 58,694
 18,467
140
 2,070
−
9,631
 2,242
5,431
−
15,435
112,113
60,110
12,354
25,040
9,497
116
102
4,091
111,313
223,426
 25,658
 22,438
 248,511
 (25,711)
270,897
 23,322
 1,224
 (25,936)
 (631)
(2,020)
51,819
320,697
544,123
  Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2020
 406,886
     277,359
 129,527
 98,016
 31,510
     653
    1,687
    3,990
    1,831
 8,162
      1,749
    329
    1,466
    1,253
 4,798
 34,874
     49
    152
    1,708
    8
 1.919
     1,019
    39
    −
    16
    −
    60
    −
    −
    37
    1,129
 2,303
 34,490
 9,360
     1,949
 11,310
 23,179
 4,702
 18,477
    As of March 31, 2019
As of March 31, 2019
71,140 12,135 130 162 40,126 9,908 4,219 4,864 2,219 12,903
157,810
60,160 8,434 25,182 8,607 109 95 3,074 105,664
263,474
25,658
22,342 237,721 (25,537) 260,185
29,876 622
(21,439) 770
9,831
50,644
320,661
584,135
Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2019
427,425
294,161
133,264
100,958 32,306
1,342 1,680 2,786 1,096
6,905
1,872 374 635
1,491
4,373
34,838
150 2,015 855 31
3,053
431 − 673 50 294 144 410 2,219 − −
4,225
33,666
13,172
(760) 12,411
21,254
3,849
17,405
Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2019
      Liabilities
       Current assets              Current liabilities
     Cash and deposits
  Trade notes and accounts receivables   Securities
  Finished goods   Work-in-process
  Raw materials and supplies   Other
  Allowance for doubtful receivables   Total current assets  Non-current assets   Property, plant and equipment    Buildings and structures, net    Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net    Tools, furniture and fixtures, net    Land
   Construction in progress    Total property, plant and equipment   Intangible assets    Leasehold right    Software
   Software in progress    Goodwill
   Other
   Total intangible assets   Investments and other assets    Investment securities    Investments in capital    Loans receivable
   Net defined benefit asset    Deferred tax assets    Other
   Allowance for doubtful receivables    Total investments and other assets   Total non-current assets  Total assets
74,614 112,486 3,148 37,549 5,569 26,121 9,758
(3,076) 266,172
55,100 28,898 6,787 24,226 12,432
127,444
3,215 2,547 461 39,782 21,320
67,327
84,032 16,458 111 10,436 6,764 12,992
(7,604) 123,190
317,963
584,135
  Trade notes and accounts payables   Short-term borrowings   Short-termborrowingsfromunconsolidatedsubsidiariesandaffiliates   Current portion of long-term debt   Current portion of convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights   Accrued expenses
  Income and enterprise taxes payable   Provision for bonuses   Provision for loss on guarantees   Other
  Total current liabilities  Non-current liabilities   Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights   Long-term debt
  Deferred tax liabilities
  Net defined benefit liability   Retirement benefits for directors and corporate auditors   Provision for management board incentive plan trust   Other
  Total non-current liabilities  Total liabilities
Net assets
 Shareholders' equity   Common stock
  Capital surplus
  Retained earnings
  Treasury stock, at cost
  Total shareholders' equity  Accumulated other comprehensive income   Net unrealized holding gains on securities   Deferred gains on derivatives under hedge accounting   Foreign currency translation adjustments   Remeasurements of defined benefit plans   Total accumulated other comprehensive income  Non-controlling interests  Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (Millions of yen)
 Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2020
 23,179
          (5,482)
     601
     (4,497)
     (1,401)
     (2,200)
 (12,980)
 10,199
      6,625
     3,573
   Net income
Other comprehensive income
 Net unrealized holding losses on securities         (6,163)  Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting         (800)  Foreign currency translation adjustments         (12,209)  Remeasurements of defined benefit plans         (622)
                   Shares in other comprehensive income of equity method affiliates  Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to:
21,254
(5,892) (25,689) (4,434)
          Owners of the parent         (5,210)
 Non-controlling interests
  776
 39
40

Financial Section
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Cash flows from operating activities
 Income before income taxes and non-controlling interests  Depreciation and amortization
 Impairment loss
 Amortization of goodwill
Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2019
33,666 13,917 673 4,780 2,249
(Millions of yen)
Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2020
34,490 14,482 − 5,796
    Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
(April 1, 2018 - March 31, 2019)
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period
 Cash dividends paid
 Net income attributable to owners of the parent  Purchase of treasury stock
 Disposal of treasury stock
 Change in transactions with non-controlling shareholders  Net changes in items other than shareholders' equity Total changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period
 Cash dividends paid
 Net income attributable to owners of the parent  Purchase of treasury stock
 Disposal of treasury stock
 Change in transactions with non-controlling shareholders  Net changes in items other than shareholders' equity Total changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
(April 1, 2019 - March 31, 2020)
Balance at the beginning of the year Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies Restated balance
Changes during the period
 Cash dividends paid
 Net income attributable to owners of the parent  Purchase of treasury stock
 Disposal of treasury stock
 Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries  Net changes in items other than shareholders' equity Total changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies Restated balance
Changes during the period
 Cash dividends paid
 Net income attributable to owners of the parent  Purchase of treasury stock
 Disposal of treasury stock
 Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries  Net changes in items other than shareholders' equity Total changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Common stock
25,658
−
25,658
Capital surplus
13,232
0
9,110
9,110
22,342
Shareholders' equity Retained earnings 230,255
(7,617) 17,405
(2,322)
7,465
237,721
Treasury stock (25,264)
(Millions of yen)
Total shareholders' equity
243,882
(7,617) 17,405
                                                                                         Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful receivables
 Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability         (492)
 Interest and dividend income         (3,022)       (2,340)
                            (274)         (274) 00
(2,784) 273
                                           6,788
16,302
260,185
Total net assets
322,425
(7,617) 17,405
(274) 0
6,788 (18,067) (1,764)
320,661
(Millions of yen)
 Interest expense
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates         (2,786)       (3,990)  Gain on sale of investment securities         (2,015)       (152)
 Loss on sale of investments in capital of subsidiaries and associates
 Loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment, net
 Decrease (increase) in trade notes and accounts receivables         (2,408)
 Decrease (increase) in inventories         (6,783)
 Decrease in trade notes and accounts payables         (90)       (11,445)
1,872
50
 Gain on sale of shares of subsidiaries and associates         (855)       (1,708)
1,749
                               (273) (25,537)
 Write-down of investment securities
16
               Accumulated other comprehensive income Net unrealized Deferred gains on Foreign currency Remeasurements
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
32,447
(22,616) (22,616) 9,831
Non-controlling interests
46,096
4,548
4,548 50,644
− 281
39 970 10,840 2,887
          holding gains on securities
36,363
(6,486) (6,486) 29,876
derivatives under hedge accounting
1,423
(800) (800) 622
translation adjustments (6,732)
(14,706) (14,706) (21,439)
of defined benefit plans
1,393
(622) (622) 770
 Other, net
 Subtotal
 Interest and dividends received
 Interest paid           (2,078)       (1,699)
                       6,519
45,556
5,275
1,987
51,111
3,474
                         Income taxes paid
 Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
 Payments into time deposits         (1,344)       (5,417)
(13,121) 35,632
(12,561) 40,324
                       Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits  Net decrease (increase) in securities
2,078 (1,624)  Purchase of property, plant and equipment         (21,210)       (12,803)
805 5,629
                      Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment  Proceeds from sale of investment securities
1,294
 Purchase of intangible assets         (1,250)       (944)
           Common stock
25,658
25,658
−
25,658
Capital surplus
22,342
22,342
0
95
95
22,438
Shareholders' equity Retained earnings
231  Purchase of investment securities         (212)       (41)
Treasury stock 237,721 (25,537)
Total shareholders' equity
260,185
(198) 259,986
47
95
10,910
270,897
Total net assets
50,644
(39) (238)
37
399
351 (614)
(22,045) 6,579
5,431
 Repayments of long-term debt         (795)       (821)
 Redemption of convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights
 Cash dividends paid         (7,617)       (7,488)
 Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests         (1,630)       (1,890)
      (198)
237,523 (25,537)
3,083
 Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation         (1,122)       (1,247)
            (7,488) 18,477
(0)
(7,488) 18,477
−  Payments of loans receivable         (677)       (2,450)
 Payments for investments in capital         (0)
                                (221) 47
429 (221)          Proceeds from (payments for) derivative settlement, net       (975)
 Collection of loans receivable
                                          Other, net
 Net cash used in investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
 Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings         (14,570)
(1,911) (17,461)
                                                                    10,988 (173) 248,511 (25,711)
 Proceeds from long-term debt
6,779 (40,000)
                  Accumulated other comprehensive income
Net unrealized Deferred gains on Foreign currency Remeasurements Total accumulated Non-controlling
−
 Purchase of treasury stock         (9)       (157)
          holding gains on securities
29,876 29,876
(6,554) (6,554) 23,322
derivatives under hedge accounting
622 622
601
601 1,224
translation adjustments (21,439)
(21,439)
(4,497)
(4,497) (25,936)
of defined benefit plans
other comprehensive income
interests
     770
770 9,831 50,604
9,831
320,661
 Proceeds from share issuance to non-controlling shareholders  Other, net
 Net cash used in financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
12,235 (8)
(6,964) (2,171) 9,035
61,171
70,207
123 (527)
(37,403) (488) (19,612)
70,207
50,594
                                    (1,401) (11,851) 1,214 (1,401) (11,851) 1,214 (631) (2,020) 51,819
320,423
(7,488) 18,477
(221) 47 95
(10,636) 274
320,697
   41
42

  Environmentally-friendly vegetable oil is used for printing.6-14, Imabashi 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-8523, Japan
Tel: 81-6-6203-5531
Fax: 81-6-6203-5018
Japanese: https://www.kansai.co.jp/ English: https://www.kansai.com/