Since 2015, our group, whose business operations extend around the globe, has been running the KPJ Training Program for trainees from overseas group companies. The aims of this program are as follows:
・Nurture human resources in Japan that will forge strong ties with people on the ground in their own countries, and serve as a bridge between overseas group companies and Kansai Paint in Japan.
・Build robust relationships of trust between trainees from each country and employees in Japan to help Kansai Paint Group achieve further growth.
To date, we have accepted a total of 45 trainees from China and ASEAN countries.

In principle, training lasts for a period of one year. Before arrival in Japan, the traineeʼs supervisor in the group company concerned and the Japanese side discuss what they hope the trainee will learn during their time in Japan, and a decision is made as to in which department the trainee will undertake training. A training plan is then carefully drawn up, after which training begins. For production training, which focuses mainly on raising awareness of safety, trainees receive direct on-the-spot guidance on Japanʼs safety and quality standards. For technical training, trainees learn about the technical skills required at their group company from Japanese technicians.
All trainees are accepted as Kansai Paint employees, meaning they are treated as colleagues. During their spare time and days off, they go out for meals and on sightseeing trips with Japanese employees, enabling them to also learn about Japanese culture and customs.

Trainees in this program receive guidance while working alongside Japanese employees in their day-to-day operations. Sometimes, they visit usersʼ companies and help come up with solutions for issues occurring on the ground. Such opportunities for trainees to think and take action for themselves help them not only to learn technical skills but also to grow as individuals.
The program also serves to encourage Japanese employees to develop into more globally-minded human resources by providing them with chances to encounter the cultures and ways of thinking of overseas group companies.

Following their return home, some trainees are placed in charge of work involving users at local Japanese-affiliated companies. Trainees, who have a good understanding of the local situation, are well placed to listen to the needs of local users directly, enabling them to meet those needs more precisely. By sharing the technological development capabilities and manufacturing skills Kansai Paint has accumulated in Japan with group companies through this program, we believe we can raise the level of our group companies across the board and enrich peopleʼs lives through paint.

