Automotive coatings are one of our groupʼs core product lines. To date, we have conducted a range of research and development in this field to achieve a high level of functionality in our products in terms of such factors as weather resistance, chemical resistance, scratch resistance, and enhanced appearance and design.
To add to these features, we are currently developing Easy To Clean coatings as our next high-functionality product. Our aim is to make these coatings “maintenance free” in response to the coming change in the automotive industry resulting from drastic social changes and technological innovations, known within the industry as “CASE,” and its accompanying shifts in values and consumers (for example, the popularization of sharing and the shift from individual to corporate users).
These coatings reduce the adhesiveness of a range of contaminants, such as airborne dirt, dust and stains from collisions with insects by maintaining the water and oil repellence of surfaces for a long period of time, making it possible to remove contaminants using simple cleaning methods. This coating technology can provide a variety of potential value to users. For example, it can reduce the number of man-hours required to wash vehicles, saving individual users time and cutting management costs for corporate users.
Research and development are currently underway to improve the functionality of these coatings. We hope that further technological evolutions will help to increase the value of material assets, and enable us to contribute to the automotive industry and the creation of a new society.

What kinds of content/processes are utilized for this product?
Broadly speaking, coatings have three roles: beautification, protection and functionality. Coatings which fulfill these roles require many different technologies. Our group has accumulated a variety of technologies over the years, and is also formulating new ones.
The long-term maintenance of water and oil repellence in coatings has proven a major challenge, as the fact that coatings are made up of organic matter means that degradation starts at the surface due to light and other factors. In addition to overcoming this issue, the maintenance of the productʼs functions as an automotive coating has also been an important issue in our research and development. We have conducted a number of trials to this end, and have made it possible to maintain a high level of functionality by merging organic/inorganic hybrid surface modification technology, a core technology for coatings which evolved from surface modification technology, with our existing pool of automotive coating technologies.

What kinds of values can this product provide to society over the mid to long term?
These new technologies have the potential for application in a number of fields in addition to automobiles.
In fact, we are also developing other forms of coating derived from these technologies.
These coatings are designed to be used in the fight against graffiti on public transport, a social issue overseas. By strengthening surfaces using the aforementioned technologies, the coatings help prevent the penetration of grime and chemicals, and inhibit scratch marks. In addition to graffiti, we are also exploring a range of other potential applications for these products.
Going forward, in addition to promoting technological innovation such as low-temperature curing and aqueous solutions for general-purpose use, we hope to provide solutions in response to changes in society and various industries.

