Our group promotes best practice by carrying out improvement drives within the group and sharing information on success stories in a wide range of fields, such as sales and human resources.
Details of activities taking place in various countries are pooled annually, and the most outstanding examples are introduced at group-wide presentation sessions.
A total of six of these presentation sessions have been held to date, the first of which took place in 2013. The presentation themes have changed over the years, covering a wide range of topics, such as content focusing on activities to improve production sites at the time of start up, as well as on the overall supply chain and management fields.
The presentations themselves have also evolved into equally diverse formats, ranging from small groups of managers and supervisors from various regions meeting under one roof to meetings utilizing teleconferencing technologies and other methods, thus enabling many employees to attend and take part.
The content of these sessions is now starting to be shared among group companies, and unique efforts to incorporate activities within the scope of daily work are now gaining pace in various regions. These include sharing off-topic secondary information throughout the company and coordinating with regional improvement activities.

Paint is a diverse medium, with each country and region having different needs and specifications according to the field of business.
Our groupʼs operations extend throughout the globe, as a result of which we possess business models of different origins and various expertise.
We believe that by sharing these throughout the group, we will be better placed to respond rapidly and flexibly to a diverse range of needs and issues requiring solutions, as well as improve efficiency and development speed.
And we also hope to train our employees—the human resources putting this know-how into practice—to develop a global mindset grounded in diverse perspectives by giving them opportunities to acquire a variety of knowledge and experiences, as well as fostering interaction between people which transcends the boundaries of region and culture.

Today, we are in the midst of changes of a kind said to take place only once in a century, changes that promise to reshape our world. The needs of customers are changing constantly, as are the issues society will need to tackle and the things we will have to learn to cope with as individuals.
In such a climate, we shall stand united as a group, adopting a diverse range of perspectives and standpoints to create better things. This stance, we believe, will form durable foundations for us to achieve our group mission of contributing to our customers and society.
Utilizing these foundations, we will continue to create values that are of benefit to society through our business.