    37F Tokyo Opera City Bld., 3-20-2, Nishishinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 163-1437
Tel: +81-3-3370-8811 (switchboard) https://www.kanro.co.jp/en/
KANRO CORPORATE REPORT
2020
 
Introduction
Statement
Introduction
Table of Contents
A single drop of sweetness
is more than a tasty treat.
It’s a little bit of sugar,
infused with our passion and wisdom.
It’s our rally cry for energy, health,
and the birth of ideas and originality.
It’s a connection to your childhood, to your friends, to fond memories, soft expressions, and good times. This single drop of candy revives and opens doors to a brighter future.
And, it’s this future we have in mind while we create new and tasty candies to make life better.
07
07 Message from the CEO
03
03 History of Kanro
05 Businesses of Kanro
About Kanro
  Aspirations of Kanro
 11 Message from the CFO 13 Value Creation Process 15 Management Plan
19 Special Feature 1: Infusion and strengthening of brand-centric management
23 Special Feature 2: Infusion and strengthening of sustainable management
25
25 Corporate Governance
Management System
 29 Board Members
30 Outside Directors Roundtable
33
33 SCR of Kanro
 Strengtheningof Foundationfor ValueCreation
 34 Five Material Issues and Specific Measures
39
39 Financial Highlights
41 Non-consolidated Balance Sheets
42 Non-consolidated Statements of Income
43 Non-consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
44 Non-consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
45 Non-Financial Information
46 Company Information/Stock Information
Fact Sheets
 01
KANRO CORPORATE REPORT 2020
  Editorial policy
This report is designed to report financial and non-financial information to share- holders, investors and other stakehold- ers. We strived to make this Report an information disclosure tool that enables stakeholders to easily understand the activities undertaken by Kanro Inc.
Report issue date
September 2020 (this report) May 2021 (planned next report)
Covered period
January 1, 2019 - December 31, 2019 (Some of the activities included were un- dertaken outside of the covered period.)
Covered entity
This Report covers Kanro Inc.
Guidelines, etc., referenced
Ministry of the Environment
“Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018”
ISO26000
IIRC
“International Integrated Reporting Framework”
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry “Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation”
Disclaimer
The descriptions in this Report concern- ing plans, projections, strategies, judgments, etc. of the Company that are not facts of the past are predictions of future business performance resting on judgments of management based on available information at this point in time. Please be advised that actual business performance may significantly differ from the predictions due to economic situa- tions and other various factors.
● Website
https://www.kanro.co.jp/
This Report contains excerpted core activities of the Company. More detailed, comprehensive information may be found on the Company’s website.
            02
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

 About Kanro
History of Kanro
We are committed to continuing to work with the sweet things, drawing on the accumulated technologies and development capabilities related to candy as our resources,
       History of the market Kanro has created (1)
History of the market Kanro has created (2)
History of the market Kanro has created (3)
History of the market Kanro has created (4)
History of the market Kanro has created (5)
History of the market Kanro has created (6)
      Candy with soy sauce taste that is suited to the Japanese palate
This product was developed with attention paid to soy sauce Japa- nese are familiar with. Its unique taste stood out in the candy market that had been dominated by import- ed goods. In three years since the idea was gained, Kanro Ame was born with a unique production meth- od that brings out the taste of soy sauce without letting it burned. The deep taste created by soy sauce attracted not only children but also adults. Kanro Ame turned out to be a long-selling product which has later become the Company’s name.
Pursuit of functions and tastiness
When cough drops were medical products, “Kenko Nodoame” was launched as the first-of-its-kind cough drops in the confectionary and food sector. We created a new “cough drop” category in the candy market, which features voice care functions distinctive of hard candy as well as good taste of confectionary products. Later the cough drop category has grown significantly, contributing to the expansion of the candy market.
Sugar free, a new potential of sweet things
We launched sugar free products to meet the rising health consciousness and needs of less sweetness. Since 2019, we have been providing rich sweetness utilizing the sweetness of reduced starch syrup made from starch, without using artificial sweetener. This is a new category of great taste created with Kanro’s tech- nology and particular atten- tion to ingredients.
Expansion of targets based on development capability
With the launching of “Puré Gum- my” in 2002, we upgraded gummy that was a confectionery for chil- dren at that time into a confection- ery that adults can enjoy, and cultivated new buyers of gummies. Puré Gummy has a fruit-like texture with a sweet and sour flavor. Its texture has been developed with an exquisite balance of ingredients and by meeting rigorous conditions of manufacture. The segment of adult female customers Puré Gummy has developed is today the main seg- ment of the gummy market.
Novel ideals that has revitalized the market
“Don’t you sometimes want to chew something hard?” It was a question our planning team member asked a research team member. “Candemina Gummy” was developed from the aspect of “chewing” that can only be achieved by gummies in re- sponse to this subconscious feel- ing. Its chewy texture and unique visually-stimulating shape realized with a patented manufacture method has provided a new stim- ulus to the market that was otherwise considered saturated.
Tastiness leveraging ingredients
“Kinno Milk” candy is a symbol of “manufacturing leveraging ingredients” that Kanro is aspiring for. Its rich taste of genuine milk without using flavoring or artificial coloring was realized with Kanro’s unique combination of ingredi- ents and manufacturing meth- od. With its quality taste having been highly valued, Kinno Milk is loved by many customers as a product that is indispensable on sales spaces and is leading the candy market.
                1912~
1980~ 2000~
1981 1989 1991 1992 1997 2002 2002 2012 2013
                                             Reorganized into a joint-stock organization under the name of Miyamoto Seika Co., Ltd. with capital of 1 million yen
1968
Nutbon
Kenko Nodoame Kenko Ume Jushi Nonshuga Nonshuga Nodoame Gumi Nodoame Coffee Sakan
Puré Gummy Nori-to-Ume- Kinno Milk no-Hasamiyaki
New Asahi Plant was constructed in the village of Asahi in Higashichikuma, Nagano Prefecture
Opened HITOTUBU KANRO, our first retail outlet, in Tokyo Station
Celebrated our centennial anniversary on November 10
Opened the Toyosu Institute to conduct R&D in Koto-ku, Tokyo
New corporate identity introduced
Relocated its head office to the Tokyo Opera City Building
Candemina Gummy
      1912
1922
Net sales
1912
November 10 1950 Company founder Masaichi Miyamoto
opened the Miyamoto Seika-jo in the
Kiyoyama district of a village called
Shimada in Kumage, Yamaguchi 1955 Prefecture—today the city of Hikari
Constructed new plant in the
Nijigahama area in the village of 1959 Asae, which is adjacent to Shimada
village
1962 Startedautomaticpackagingopera- 1963
Relocated company head office to 1981 Toshima-ku, Tokyo
Listed on the Second Section of the
Tokyo Stock Exchange 1982
Constructed new head office building
in Arai-cho, Nakano-ku, Tokyo 1988
Constructed Hikari Plant in the city
of Hikari, Yamaguchi Prefecture 1995
1998
Launched “Nodo Ame,” first-of-its-kind cough drop 2010 in the confectionary and food sector
Relocated Matsumoto Plant to a new facility in the 2012 Sasaga district of Matsumoto in Nagano Prefecture
Relocated its head office to Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo Relocated Hikari Plant to a new facility in the Suo
         tion with new wrapping machine
Constructed Matsumoto Plant in the city of Matsumoto in Nagano Prefecture
1968
2015 district of the city of Hikari, Yamaguchi Prefecture 2017
    1960 Kanro Ame became a huge hit, and the company changed its name to
Kanro Co., Ltd.
Relocated its head office to a new building in Nakano-ku, Tokyo
2018
      03 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
04
Kanro Inc. was started as “Miyamoto Seika-jo” founded in 1912 by Masaichi Miyamoto when he was 19. The corporate stance of taking on the challenge of creating better products without sparing effort was already manifested at that time.
 1950
1970 1980
1990 2000
2010
2020
1955
Kanro Ame
Kanro Ame became so much popular after its launch that the wrapping machine was introduced for individual wrapping.
(forecast)
  Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

 About Kanro
Businesses of Kanro
Contents of business of Kanro
Hard candies
The main ingredients of hard candies are sugar and starch syrup, which is also a type of sugar. We continuously create product brands loved by many people, including our long-selling brand “Kanro Ame,” which leverages ingredients, “Kenko Nodoame,” the first-of-its-kind product that developed the category of cough drops in the confectionary area, and “Kinno Milk,” the number one milk candy brand.*
*INTAGE SRI
Milk-flavored candy market brand ranking by cumulative sales amount between September 2018 and August 2019
Kanro’s market share
The candy market over the past ten years might look stable with a modest growth. However, looking at the breakdown by cate- gory, the structure has changed drastically. The largest category of candy (hard candy) was sluggish for many years but has recov- ered in recent years due to increase in de- mand for cough drops and introduction of new packages. The gummy category’s rapid growth has been followed by a recent slow- down. Still, the category’s market size has approximately doubled compared to ten years ago.
Sales amounts of the candy market (Unit: 100 million yen) Hard candies Gummy candies Other (tablet candies, soft candies, etc.)
1,790 1,811 1,768 1,795 1,814 1,871 1,892 1,880
1,976 1,995
775 777 429 424
772 794 2018 2019
          686 218
886
2010
689 242
880
2011
669 700 250 266
849 829
2012 2013
719 806
289 329 806 736
2014 2015
776 752 377 394
739 734
2016 2017
               Source: INTAGE SRI
   Major brands
Kanro Ame Kinno Milk
Kenko Nodoame Voice Care Nodoame
Approx. 65%
Sales composition
* Based on the Company’s net sales in 2019
Approx.6% Approx.29%
Hard candies
Similar to the market movements, our cough drops have been show- ing steady growth, and other regular products such as Kinno Milk candy continue to grow. The Com- pany’s market share is expanding partly reflecting the new small bags with zip that have been highly evaluated.
Gummy candies
  We added gummy candy produc- 3 tion lines in 2019, proactively under-
taking new product development. On top of the regular products Puré Gummy and Candemina Gummy, we have added new products including “Asobon! Gummy,” which
  Healthy snacks
Gummy candies
Kanro’s market share by
Kanro’s market share by
salesamount:
No.
1
salesamount:
No.
      19.3%
Source: INTAGE SRI (January to December 2019)
13.5% targets parents and children, and “100% Gummy” that offers juicy and
       Source: INTAGE SRI (January to December 2019)
hard texture. They are continuing positive growths despite the tempo- rary lull of the market.
     Major brands
      Dialogues with customers
Retail outlet <HITOTUBU KANRO>
(GRANSTA TOKYO Shop; LUCUA osaka 1100 Shop)
We have been operating the candy shop “HITOTUBU KANRO” since 2012 with the aim of disseminating new aspects of the appeal of candy and heightening its value. Aspiring to make a shop where a tiny, single drop of sweetness creates the joy of giving and receiving, handed over from one person to another, we utilize the shop as a place for communication with customers. In recent years, the number of customers from overseas countries is increasing. We are committed to meeting more diverse needs of such customers, and at the same time, to strengthening the role of HITOTUBU KANRO as an antenna shop to spread the brand value to the world.
HITOTUBU KANRO GRANSTA TOKYO Shop Tokyo Station City GRANSTA B1F, JR Tokyo Station, 1-9-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0005
Tel: +81-3-5220-5288
Mon. to Sat.: 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.; Sun. and Holidays: 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
HITOTUBU KANRO LUCUA osaka 1100 Shop LUCUA 1100 2F 3-1-3 Umeda, Kita-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka 530-0001
Tel: +81-6-6151-1528
10:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
  Healthy snacks are natural foods offered as confectioneries. We offer high-quality healthy snacks including the easy-to-eat seedless sour plum Marugoto Oishii Hoshiume,” healthy plum-flavored pickled seaweed stems “Kukiwakame,” and on-the-go freeze- dried natto soybean snack “Puchi Pori Natto.”
Gummy candies are made by adding thickeners such as gelatin to sugar and starch syrup. They can have various food textures and take various forms. The Company’s mainstay brand “Puré Gummy” is popular for its fruit-like texture and a sweet and sour flavor. “Candemina Gummy,” popular among children and male consumers, is also growing as a popular brand trailing behind Puré Gummy. In 2020, we will seek to increase sales including by launching new products such as “Asobon! Gummy” and “100% Gummy.”
Puré Gummy
Candemina Gummy
 Key financial and non-financial indicators
   Net sales (Unit: million yen)
Ordinary income (Unit: million yen)
Return on equity (ROE) (Unit: %) 9.8
CO2 emissions per unit of sales* (Unit: t/100 million yen)
Rate of female managers (Unit: %)
Rateof employeestakingchildcareleave(maleemployees) (Unit: %) 38.5
21,301
22,949
24,039
1,001
1,045
1,007
62.71
68th Term
(2017/12) (2018/12) (2019/12)
60.86
61.05
10.4
68th Term
(2017/12) (2018/12) (2019/12)
       6.1
68th Term
(2017/12) (2018/12) (2019/12)
6.9
7.5
6.1
9.1
68th Term
(2017/12) (2018/12) (2019/12)
3.4
      68th Term
(2017/12) (2018/12) (2019/12)
69th Term
70th Term
69th Term
70th Term
69th Term
70th Term
05 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
*Perunitofsales:thevolumeofenvironmentalloadinrelationtosales
06
69th Term
70th Term
69th Term
70th Term
69th Term
70th Term
68th Term
(2017/12) (2018/12) (2019/12)
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

   Aspirations of Kanro
Message from the CEO
   Upholding the vision
towards becoming the
world’s top confectionery,
we implement the growth
strategy with our eyes set
on changing values. Kazuyasu Misu, President, CEO and CCO
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused turmoil throughout the world. I would like to offer my heartfelt condolence to those who have passed away of the infectious disease. I also wish prompt recovery to those who have been infected and are facing chal- lenging situations. I would like to express my utmost respect and gratitude to the medical service workers who are making a great effort.
Our business environment has been significantly impacted by the coronavirus but it is in this situation that we are committed to stay present with and send cheers to our stakeholders.
Corporate Philosophy
Corporate Vision
Value
Working only with the sweet things.
Mission
To contribute to health and a better society through integrity and sweetness.
Vision
To make brighter futures infused with sweetness as the world’s top confectionary.
Five visions that Kanro is aspiring for:
1. Spread the Benefits of Sugar
Our desire is to share the benefits of sugar as an essential part of life and lifestyles.
2. Grow Trust
As we pursue new products and technologies for the future, we maintain our stance on safety and reliability. We strive to inspire faith in our brand, so people choose us simply because we are Kanro.
3. Harmony with Society
Our business activities should always be a part of the solution— a solution to individual challenges, human challenges, and global challenges. As a company, we will grow with communities bringing benefits to all our stakeholders.
4. A Vibrant Workplace
We endeavor to bring people together around candy, working toward health and happiness.
Our corporate culture is one of diversity, loyalty, and pride.
5. A Smile Around the World
Each Kanro candy is made expressly to bring smiles to people all over the world.
      Reviewing market environment and business statuses of FY2019
In FY2019, changes occurred in the domestic candy market. The gummy candy category, which has contin- ued to grow in recent years, has declined from the previous year. On the other hand, in the hard candy category, the downward trend has stopped and overall revenue has increased slightly. The slowdown of the gummy candy category’s growth is partly due to the rapid growth of the tablet candy category including Ramune soda sweets. In the hard candy category, cough drops and other products with functional ingredi- ents grew while candies with Japanese taste were sluggish.
Under these circumstances, our major products such as “Kinno Milk” and “Kenko Nodoame Tatakau Manuka Honey” demonstrated strong growths. Gummy candies, too, grew in revenue, led by “Candemina Gummy.” The total net sales from the category exceeded 24 billion yen, increasing consecutively for six fiscal years and reaching the record high.
In conducting sales activities, we have expanded what we call the “Ame-Gummy Fusion (AGF)” display on retail stores’ sales floors, drawing on our position as the category leader who can propose shelving allocation, which has led to an increase in sales. In regards to sales of hard candies, the products in new small bags with zip
grew significantly. However, the sales plan set at the beginning of the term was not achieved.
The underperformance against the target is partly attributed to the delay in the operation of the new gum- my production lines. The full-scale operation of Matsu- moto Plant’s new gummy production lines, which we invested a total of 2.8 billion yen from the building to the facilities, started in February 2019. The operation of the production lines was initially planned to start from the end of 2018, and the delay has affected the launch of new products in the spring of 2019.
In FY2019, as part of upfront investment for future growth, we reformed our personnel system including raising the base pay and increasing our workforce. Also, a depreciation cost of the new gummy production lines was incurred. These increases in cost had been planned based on an anticipated revenue increase of 2 billion yen. However, the actual revenue increased by less than 1.1 billion yen, which led to a decrease in profit.
   Originality and Ingenuity
Be creative and innovative every day.
Loyalty and Sincerity
Strive for integrity and authenticity.
One Heart, Many People
Work together. Walk together. Grow together.
Management for sustainable growth and continuing existence in the society
 07 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
08
The world trend against food is changing into the one that not only guarantees safety and security, taste, and maintenance of quality, but is also gentle to the body, contributes to health promotion, and is organic-oriented and makes use of natural materials. Such trend is ex- panding worldwide from developed countries mainly in Europe and the United States, to emerging countries where the standard of life have improved.
As a manufacturing company specializing in candies and upholding the stance of working with the sweet things, the Company is proactively incorporating these needs and seeking to manufacture products that are wanted by the society by emphasizing the benefits of sweet things. From 2017, we have the product develop- ment policy as “manufacturing leveraging ingredients” and “demonstrating functionality which can only be
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

  Aspirations of Kanro
Message from the CEO
provided by candy” and make it as the pillar of our growth strategy.
Furthermore, for our sustainable future growth, we must not depend on the domestic market but seek to capture overseas business opportunities and further expand business. We have established an Overseas Business Department in the Corporate Planning Division; we are considering and preparing for business develop- ment in China and Southeast Asia as our targeted markets. We believe that the value of our products, which take advantage of ingredients and functionality and are particular about taste and quality, will be widely recognized in overseas markets.
At the same time, we are fully aware that addressing environmental and social issues is an important condi- tion for a food manufacturer’s continuing existence in the society. Our sustainable management being implement- ed towards reinforcement of management base address- es Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations as its focal point. We have estab- lished a basic sustainability promotion policy towards implementing sustainable management. Based on this policy, we formulated specific measures for five priority activity areas (materiality) identified in 2018. We are
implementing these initiatives for proactively helping solve social issues through our business activities.
Concrete actions for mitigating environment burdens we are taking as a manufacturer include reducing CO2 emissions, changing packaging materials and packages of goods to address the issue of plastic wastes, and decreasing food losses.
Furthermore, through the promotion of respect for human rights and diversity and of new workstyles, we seek to develop a workplace that is friendly to and inspiring for employees, which is essential for corporate survival. In regards to workstyles, we have begun having our employees work from home and remote work. Furthermore, under the lead of Work Reform Committee and Diversity Promotion Department, we have stream- lined our operations by eliminating unproductive work and begun implementing initiatives utilizing AI, IoT, etc.
We continue to contribute to helping solve environ- mental and social issues through addressing the agenda of SDGs and to establish a system necessary for our sustainable growth.
Management policy for FY2020
Our management policy for FY2020 succeeds FY2019’s growth strategy, “Evolving the brand-centric manage- ment,” and approach to reinforcing the management base, “Developing the sustainable management” (Rein- forcement of management base). We seek to further strengthen them and infuse them across the company. In addition, we will develop business with a focus on mea- sures being taken based on new awareness and chang- es in values in day-to-day life that have been triggered by the spread of COVID-19.
In terms of brand-centric management, we seek to increase sales of both hard and gummy candies and to expand our market share by increasing distribution of major brands and through brand extension. Furthermore, we seek to increase profits by automatizing the manufac- turing facilities for improved production efficiency while reducing fixed and variable costs ratio.
Our values are changing in response to the coronavirus pandemic. For example, people’s awareness on preven- tion of infection is rising and consciousness about calorie intake is changing. Changes in workstyles and self-quar- antine behaviors have led to the emergence of occasions of consumption that differ from conventional occasions. From the second half of FY2020, we will launch new products to capture these new market needs. We will implement a user expansion strategy by developing
To stakeholders
To comply with the Corporate Governance Code, we have partially sold off the cross holding of shares in order to reduce cross shareholdings. As a result, the market liquidity of the shares of the Company has increased. Furthermore, we changed the trading unit of shares in July 2017 and implemented a stock split in July 2019. These changes have made it easier for investors to hold our shares.
Under the lead of the IR Department established in 2019, we are strengthening our IR activities to increase our engagement with shareholders and investors.
As a result of these initiatives, the number of our share- holders doubled, increasing from 2,387 as of the end of FY2018 to 4,797 as of the end of FY2019. We are com- mitted to continuing to make our efforts towards becom- ing a company many shareholders find reliable and provide support for.
Modern companies do not grow without making changes. We have been achieving growth by changing. We will grow together with our employees by changing and becoming a company that is friendly to and inspiring for them and achieve continual prosperity together with all of our stakeholders.
products and enhancing the brand that meet the tastes and needs of the targeted segments. At the same time, we will strengthen our category management where we have competitive advantage in terms of sales activities. In regards to an organizational structure, we estab- lished the Technology Department, which is responsible for optimizing manufacturing and production and manag- ing our production technologies. Based on this new structure, we will establish technology components in relation to production methods and ingredient selection. At the same time, we seek to eliminate factors causing inefficiency in production, including in the initial stage of product development.
In regards to sustainable management, among the five priority activity areas (materiality), we will, in FY2020, especially emphasize the promotion of diversity, health management, and support for sports. Our support for sports is aligned with our mission, “to contribute to health and a better society through integrity and sweetness.” Through our support for sports, we will widely communi- cate the correct use of sweet things.
  Medium-term management plan “New KANRO 2021”
 The five-year medium-term management plan “New KANRO 2021,” which was launched in FY2017, has achieved steady results over the past three years. In the sales activities, we have improved the sales rebate and the efficiency of selling expenses by developing brand products. Efforts for cost reduction and productivity improvement have also been successful, and the trend of improving profitability has become established.
In FY2019, the third year of the medium-term man- agement plan, setting “Evolving the brand-centric man- agement” as a theme for our growth strategy, we real- ized brand management by Brand Department No. 1, Brand Department No. 2, and Brand Department No. 3 of the Marketing Division. Along with it, we have estab- lished a system in which the “Product Planning
Department” is responsible for the development of new products and new brands. At the same time, we have reorganized the research and development structure, strengthening its cooperation with the Marketing Divi- sion.
In regards to the quality assurance system, we have shifted the quality control section under the plant to the Quality Management Division under the direct control of the President, which has produced results that lead to a significant reduction in complaints. Also, with our Matsu- moto Plant obtaining the FSSC 22000 certification, an international standard for food safety management in FY2019, all of our production plants are now certified to this standard.
  Impacts of the COVID-19 crisis on our business activities
However, in 2020, our business environment and supply chain have been significantly affected by the spread of COVID-19. Due to the continuous outbreak of new cases of infection, demand for office and outing consumption has declined significantly. Given the difficulty in rationally calculating the impact of this situation at this point of time, we revised in July 2020 our full-year performance forecast for FY2020 and withdrew our numerical targets for FY2021 we had stated in the medium-term manage- ment plan “New KANRO 2021.”
In regards to raw materials, we have secured a stock of them that suffice for the immediate future. In terms of the Business Continuity Plan (BCP) for production, we are strengthening cooperation between our production
plants. We continue paying attention to the situations and taking prompt and appropriate measures.
On the other hand, our pursuit of becoming the world’s top confectionary, and our basic strategy to implement initiatives for growth and for reinforcing management base, which are stated in New KANRO 2021, remain unchanged. We are committed to continuing implemen- tation of them.
From the second half of FY2020, we will start “Can- dyell” activity. (Refer to p. 17) When many people are faced with challenges, what we can do is to be with them and support their physical and mental health through our candies. We send cheers to those many people through our candies.
 09 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
10
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

  Aspirations of Kanro
Message from the CFO
Financial strategy for creating the future based on sweet things
Kazuhiro Abe
Director, Managing Executive Officer, CFO, and Division COO, Finance & Accounting Div.
Changes in the investment plan reflecting the progress of the growth strategy
candies leads to increasing our corporate value, instead of simply jumping on a bandwagon.
In sales initiatives, drawing on our proposal-based sales capabilities, which is one of our competitive advan- tages, we have expanded our sales channels to the retail industry without relying on advertising, which has greatly contributed to sales expansion.
In regards to our performance in FY2019, the third year in the “New KANRO 2021” period, while net sales in- creased 4.7% year on year to reach 24,039 million yen, the result was below the targeted net sales of 24,600 million yen as set in the beginning of the fiscal year due to the delay in the commencement of operation of the
Impacts of COVID-19
We had anticipated increases in sales and profit for FY2020. However, our business environment, too, is significantly affected by the coronavirus pandemic. Even after the state of emergency declaration was lifted, the demand for candies for office and outing consumption continues to decline, as more people are adopting a “new lifestyle” and new cases of infection continue to be confirmed. Our financial soundness remains high reflect- ing the improved productivity with the progress of “New KANRO 2021.” We continue ordinary production to fulfill a food manufacturer’s responsibility. However, unfortu- nately, we in July revised our performance forecast downward. Also, we withdrew the profit targets for “New KANRO 2021” because it is difficult to reasonably fore- cast when the pandemic will end.
Nevertheless, despite the temporarily shrinking of the market, our share is increasing. The basic strategy of “New KANRO 2021” remains valid and appropriate towards the post-pandemic. We will continue implement- ing the strategy.
new gummy production lines. Consequently, the operat- ing profit decreased 8.0% year on year to 923 million yen, and the ordinary profit decreased 3.6% year on year to 1,007 million yen due to an increase in fixed cost reflecting the investment in capex and talent, which could not be fully covered by the sales increase. The net in- come declined significantly by 35.6% to 651 million yen, a downturn after the previous fiscal year’s recognition of an extraordinary income.
In regards to products, drawing on our product devel- opment that matches the changing values after the coronavirus pandemic, we aim for further increasing our market share. In regards to capital investment for FY2020, we plan to invest a total of approx. 2.5 billion yen for streamlining three production plants in the aim of improving productivity and hence reducing costs.
Return on equity (ROE) needs to be increased in a long term in the view of increasing our corporate value. From FY2020, we have shifted our management approach towards emphasizing the capital cost awareness. A system has been adopted for getting all departments together to seek to achieve targeted ROE levels. Specifi- cally, we conduct return on invested capital (ROIC) tree analyses to identify factors that each department should be addressing towards improving ROE and, based on that, set clear key performance indicators (KPIs), which help keep the motivation of each department’s employ- ees high.
   We have achieved revenue increases for six consecutive years since FY2014. Up to FY2018, the growth was led by hard candies, based on our selection and concentra- tion approach. The growth in FY2019 was, on the other hand, led by gummy candies. To capture the recently expanding demand for gummy candies in the candy mar- ket, we have sought to expand revenue from gummy candies. In the past years, however, our production capacity placed a limit. A breakthrough was made in February 2019 with the commencement of operation of Matsumoto Plant’s new gummy production lines. These production lines doubled the capacity for gummy can- dies, enabling growth led by gummy candies.
The medium-term management plan “New KANRO 2021” (FY2017-FY2021) anticipated 6 billion-yen capital expenditure for the five years. However, given the in- crease in actual net sales exceeding the planned in- crease, we have accelerated investment to achieve further growth. The total capital investment made in the first three years of the period exceed 5 billion yen. In the remaining two years, we plan to begin renewing our core systems and make capex investment that will help
reduce headcounts, streamline the operations, and improve quality.
Besides capital investment, we are also investing in hu- man resources such as personnel system reforms and personnel increases that accompany base-ups as part of our growth investment.
While accelerating and increasing growth investment, in FY2019, we established and adopted new criteria for investment approval to ensure disciplined investment judgment. We have established a system for screening investment projects and selecting only those contributing to increasing our corporate value, setting a hurdle rate calculated based on the capital cost and using such criteria as internal rates of return (IRR) and net present value (NPV) of future cash flows. We also review the past investments in the same criteria. If they are below the standards, we promptly make an adjustment.
Deepen dialogues with the capital markets for the future
   Progress of “New KANRO 2021” from financial perspectives
We are unique in the industry in that we are a listed company although we are a manufacturer specializing in candies. Our products are widely loved by consumers and our company name is well known to them. However, the degree of awareness on us as a listed company is not very high. We are strengthening our investor relations (IR) activities, including holding briefing sessions for analysts as well as individual investors, while seeking to increase our shares’ market liquidity in the aim of having more investors hold our shares and at the same time support us as core fans of our products.
For maximizing shareholders’ value, our policy is to increase our corporate value by implementing growth investment based on our growth strategy. In regards to dividends, our consistent basic policy is to continue stable dividend payment. For FY2020, our forecast made at the beginning of the fiscal year remains unchanged; we plan to increase the dividend.
In various stages towards medium to long-term growth, we might have to raise funds from financial institutions or capital markets for investment for building new plants and for overseas business development. We continue to deepen our dialogues with the capital mar- kets and seek to build trust as a reliable investment desti- nation.
I, as CFO, will demonstrate logics and numerical grounds helping drive the company’s initiatives towards achieving targets as well as our responses to risks while visualizing economic and social values in an integrated manner in formulating future management strategies. Your continuous guidance and advice would be highly appreciated.
In FY2017, the first year of the “New KANRO 2021” period, we introduce our new corporate identity (CI) and announced our long-term vision to aim for becoming the “world’s top confectionary.” Despite the headwind from the growing focus on low carbs, we have remained unswayed, emphasizing the benefits and value of sweet things. This stance is reflected to the corporate message we have set, “Sweeten the Future.”
Clarifying these visions promotes awareness raising of each and every employee, and while creating a flow that the entire company aligns its vectors and breaks through the shells of the past and evolves, it also produces a positive financial effect.
In product development, we sincerely pursue two policies: “leveraging ingredients” and “functionality.” We are convinced that, producing and launching genuine
11 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
12
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

  Aspirations of Kanro
Value Creation Process
Value Creation Process
Kanro recognizes its “technology to analyze the science of sugar” as its core competence and has set its Mission as “To contribute to health and a better society through integrity and sweetness.” We create value through innovation that can only be provided by Kanro, which has long been engaged with sugar, and contribute to the solution of social issues, thereby achieving sustainable growth.
 Long-term Vision
We aim to make brighter futures infused with sweetness as the world’s top confectionary
Output Outcome
  World’s top confectionary that brings smiles to people all over the world
•Products and services
Hard candy market share by sales amount
No.1 (19.3%)*
Gummy market share by sales amount
No.3 (13.5%)*
*Source: INTAGE SRI
(January to December 2019)
•Social and environ- mental impacts
∙Energy consumption ∙Recycling ratio ∙Food losses
∙ Diversity
(Rate of female managers; rate of employees taking childcare leave)
∙Employee satisfaction
•Financial value
∙ Sales
∙Increases in ROE
∙Cash flows
∙Dividends to shareholders
 Social value Kanro creates
•Contribute to people’s healthy life through sweet things
Sell candies and bring smiles to people all over the world
Contribute to health and welfare with products
Relevant SDGs
•Proactively fulfill our responsibilities for helping solve climate change and other environmental issues, involving the entire supply chain
Relevant SDGs
•Provide safe and reliable products
Relevant SDGs
•Respect and draw on diversity and realize an inspiring workplace
Relevant SDGs
                         Enhancement of management resources
Input
Solution of social issues
Value chain
  •Human capital
Diverse talent and corporate governance system
Employees number: 596 (as of the end of June 2020)
•Intellectual capital
∙ Unique technology and knowhow ∙ Enhancement of development capabili-
ty with the reorganized R&D Center
∙ Promotion of open innovation and joint development R&D expenses: 664 million yen (2019)
•Production capital
Capital investment: 6.0 billion yen in five years
∙ New gummy production lines established ∙ Investment in new manufacturing methods, facilities for quality improvement, and information systems
•Social and relationship capital
Trust relationships developed with stakeholders
over the years since the company’s foundation
Number of production plant tour visitors: 22,353 (total for 2011-2019)
Number of employees participating
in social contribution activities: 320 (as of the end of January 2020)
•Natural capital
∙ Sugar and other raw materials ∙ Energy and water consumption Food recycling rate: 92.3% (2019)
Energy consumption per unit of sales: 27.02 kl/100 million yen (2019)
•Financial capital
Capital
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period: 1,430 million yen (2019)
 Social issues and mega trends that have impacts on our business
∙Promotion of health and welfare
∙ Sustainable consumption and production ∙Food losses
∙Sustainable raw material procurement ∙Climate change
∙ Global pandemic of infectious diseases ∙Safety and hygiene of food
∙Diversity and equal opportunity ∙Promotion of decent work
∙ Governance
∙ Compliance
   Growth strategy
Reinforcement of management base
Infusion and strengthening of brand-centric management
Infusion and strengthening of sustainable management
Refer to p. 18
 Five material issues
Creating value through Sweetness
Mitigating environmental load through business Food safety and reliability Promotion of human rights and diversity Corporate governance
 Refer to p. 33
 Sweeten the Future
 Research and development
Creation of unique value with a commit- ment to sugar, seeking to leverage ingredients and enhance functional benefits
  Raw material procurement
Procurement of raw materials with safety as an absolute requirement and with attentions paid to climate change and social responsibilities
 Technologies and proprietary production Production methods developed over the course of
the company’s over-hundred-year history
 Distribution
Optimal products distribution based on the value chain-wide information sharing
 Development of optimal sales spac- Sales es, utilizing ICT and building a sales
system to meet diverse needs
 Marketing
Utilizing customers’ feedback to capture the society’s future needs
 Core value
Safety Quality Corporate governance
     13 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
14
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets
Feedback

  Aspirations of Kanro
Management Plan
Vision of Kanro
Corporate Vision
Five visions that Kanro is aspiring for: 1. Spread the Benefits of Sugar
Our desire is to share the benefits of sugar as an essential part of life and lifestyles.
2. Grow Trust
As we pursue new products and technolo- gies for the future, we maintain our stance on safety and reliability. We strive to inspire faith in our brand, so people choose us simply because we are Kanro.
3. Harmony with Society
Our business activities should always be a part of the solution— a solution to individual challenges, human challenges, and global challenges. As a company, we will grow with communities bringing benefits to all our stakeholders.
4. A Vibrant Workplace
We endeavor to bring people together around candy, working toward health and happiness.
Our corporate culture is one of diversity, loyalty, and pride.
5. A Smile Around the World
Each Kanro candy is made expressly to bring smiles to people all over the world.
Overview of FY2019
Business overview
The net sales for FY2019 increased by 1,089 million yen year on year to reach 24,039 million yen reflecting, especially, an increase in sales of gummy candies. The net sales increased for six consecutive years and reached record highs for two consecutive years.
The record setting warm weather in autumn and winter, the usually high season for candies, was a headwind for the products. Still, the net sales increased slightly year on year. Contributing factors were the strong performances of Kinno Milk, Kenko Nodoame Tatakau Manuka Honey, Non-sugar Super Menthol Nodoame, and other existing major brands and a significant increase in sales of products in new small bags with zip.
Net sales from gummy candies grew significantly by 11.5% despite the slowdown of the market growth and the delayed commencement of operation of Matsumoto Plant’s new gummy production lines which prevented the growth from achieving budget. Contributing factors included the continuous sales growth of Candemina Gummy which has grown as a popular brand trailing behind Puré Gummy.
    Value
Healthy snacks’ performance was strong owing to increases in sales of “Puchi Pori Natto” and the “Nori-no- Hasamiyaki” series.
Year-on-year changes in Kanro’s sales amount by category for 2019
Working only with the sweet things.
Mission
To contribute to health and a better society through integrity and sweetness.
Vision
To make brighter futures infused with sweetness as the world’s top confectionary.
Challenges for achieving the vision
100.3%
Hard candies
111.5%
Gummy candies
105.8%
Healthy snacks
103.6%
Total
          In 2019, we began implementing brand-centric management.
We reorganized the Marketing Division and established Brand Department to strengthen and foster mainstay brands as well as to develop new brands. In addition, we seek to strengthen R&D Center (formerly called Toyosu Institute) to realize innovation adequate for the leading candy maker.
Matsumoto Plant’s new gummy production lines commenced operation in February 2019. Now gummy candies are produced at two plants, Matsumoto and
Asahi Plants, which will not only expand capacity but also improve production efficiency.
Data: The Company’s shipment value, differing from the net sales in accounting terms
 [Growth strategy] Evolving the brand-centric management
    Innovation
Sustainability
Globalization
In product development, we are seeking to develop new markets with two approaches: “leveraging ingredients” and “functionality.”
In the future, it will be necessary to develop new markets beyond the conventional boundar- ies of candies. It is also imperative to establish a production system equipped for efficiency.
We are implementing initiatives in line with the agenda of SDGs. As a manufacturer, we are seeking to reduce waste and environment burdens and review quality design. At the same time, we position diversity as a core area of our initiatives. While we are gradually improving our workplaces to make them comfortable and inspiring for our employees, we need to give more consideration to diversity towards realizing it in its true sense.
[Reinforcement of management base] Developing the sustainable management
   Creating value through Sweetness
Mitigating environmental load through business
Food safety and reliability
Promotion of human rights and diversity
Corporate governance
In terms of reinforcement of management base, we have emphasized implementation of initiatives for SDGs with a focus on promotion of diversity. We undertook initiatives towards enabling diverse workstyles, including reviewing the flextime system and conducting trial operations towards adopting remote work. Also, we have offered various exchange opportunities including for supporting young female employees’ career designing and for having employees in the child-raising years exchange information with each other.
Furthermore, we have introduced a new personnel system with a view to establishing a compensation system suitable for the world’s top confectionary.
We have also strengthened the quality assurance system. In addition to enhanced quality assessment and
strengthened evaluation of product design, our Matsumoto Plant, where the new gummy production lines for gummy candies commenced operation, obtained the FSSC 22000 international food safety standard certification, following the certification of Asahi and Hikari Plants.
Furthermore, we have established a Finance & Accounting Division and, under the Division, Capital Market Department and IR Department in the aim of strengthening our financial and accounting functions. We also seek to enhance our plans concerning the dividend policy and measures for increasing ROE as well as our dialogues with investors.
 15 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
16
We position that globalization is an essential element to achieve our vision to bring smiles to people all over the world. When we consider overseas markets, we must address a variety of issues including differences in peoples’ senses of taste and distribution systems. We continue to undertake preparations for entering overseas markets in full scale.
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

  Aspirations of Kanro
Management Plan
Impacts of the COVID-19 crisis and response measures
The second half of FY2020
Management policy for FY2020
<Growth strategy> Infusion and strengthening of brand-centric management
About the revision of the full-year performance forecast for FY2020
 The demand for candies for office and outing consumption continues to decline, as more people are adopting a “new lifestyle” and new cases of infection continue to be confirmed. Given that this situation is expected to continue in and after the second half, we, on July 22, 2020, revised our full-year performance forecast.
Full-year performance forecast for FY2020 (Unit: million yen) Revised
25,000 24,039 1,080 923 1,100 1,007
740 651
∙ Expand market shares of mainstay brands ∙ Create and foster new brands
<Reinforcement of management base> Infusion and strengthening of sustainable management
SDGs Setting five priority activity areas, we seek to help solve social issues through our business.
  About withdrawal of the profit targets for FY2021 stated in the medium-term management plan “New KANRO 2021”
Changing consumer awareness and our responses
COVID-19 has caused consumers to develop new awareness, consciousness and values.
We have classified them into three categories with key words describing each of them. In the second half of FY2020, we will imple- ment initiatives based on the above-mentioned management policy and these three key words.
Product lineup for the second half of FY2020
We are with consumers and send cheers to them through our candies.
Our basic strategy, as stated in our five-year medium-term management plan for the period from FY2017 to FY2021, “New KANRO 2021,” is to implement both our growth strategy and reinforcement of management base towards realizing our vision to become the world’s top confection- ary. In regards to profit targets, we set a net sales target of 26 billion yen and an ROE target of 10% or more for FY2021.
However, impacts of the spread of COVID-19 on our business environment are significant to the extent it is unrealistic to rationally estimate the magnitude of the impacts.
Considering this situation, we have withdrawn the net
Candyell activity
In the second half of the current fiscal year, we will begin undertaking “Candyell” activity. Candyell activities seek to spread happiness a single candy can bring to people.
Kanro would like to send cheers through candies to those who are faced with difficult situations.
What we could do is to be with people and support their physical and mental health with candies.
In this challenging time, we would like to cheer up people with candies. Candyell activity seeks to spread happiness a single candy can bring to people.
sales target of 26 billion yen and the ROE target of 10% or more for FY2021 that we had announced in February 2020. On the other hand, our basic strategy stated in the current medium-term management plan remains un- changed and we continue to work to implement it.
Strengthen proposals for using Nodoame Series products for moisturizing and caring for throat
Introduce food for specified health use
Strengthen proposals of non-sugar candies in response to the increasing consciousness about calorie intake
CSR activities with a focus on products
Strengthen web-based promotion
Strengthen e-commerce channels
Develop products to be made available only through e-commerce channels
Develop products appropriate for new eating occasions, such as working-from-home
Proposal of recipes including on our web page, “Kanro Ame Shokudo” “Ouchide Asobon!” program
Strengthen proposals of products, such as “Asobon! Gummy” that can be enjoyed by parents and children
Kanro Ame approved for vegan certification Introduce new products that leverage ingredients
Healing
17 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
18
Net sales
Operating income
Ordinary income
Net income
23,500
800
800
550
Announced at the beginning of the fiscal year
FY2019 actual
Increase/decrease
Vs. the beginning of the fiscal year
(1,500)
(280)
(300)
(190)
YoY
(539) (123) (207) (101)
∙
∙
∙ Food safety and reliability ∙ Corporate governance
Launch of health management
Sales expansion
Expand profits with cost reduction and improved efficiency
∙ Reduce production fixed costs and production variable costs ∙ Improve efficiency of operations and begin renewing the core information system
Overseas business
Creating value through Sweetness
∙
∙ Promotion of human rights and diversity
Renew new
Renew
Mitigating environmental load through business
  Measures for the second half
    Profit targets for FY2021
Cheers we send to our customers
—
—
30 yen +α
Anxiety
Fear of the virus Feeling of insecurity about the economic downturn
Increasing awareness about infection prevention
 Health-consciousness
 Increasing social awareness
  Convenienceof theinternet
Re-acknowledge the convenience of the internet
Increasing value of the media
 Rapid growth of e-commerce
     Net sales
  ROE
Before the revision
26.0 billion yen
10% or more
After the revision
Infiltration of remote work
    Joy of day-to-day life
Various discover- ies in day-to-day life
Pleasure of life at home
   Dividend per share
30 yen +α
    Communications between family members
 Slow life
   Our retail outlet
HITOTUBU KANRO
will sell Candyell cans on which consumers can write messages freely. Also, we will donate Candyell cans to students of junior and senior high schools across Japan with messages from our employees written on them.
Cheers we send to the society
In relation to Asobon! Gummy, the gummy candies for parents and children, we will provide our partnering zoos with supports through “one zoo,” an app featuring a zoo. We send cheers to the society by using a part of our revenue to make emergency donations and having consumers enjoy the “one zoo” app on the brand’s website.
https://onezoo.jp/
Cheers we send to our employees
Increasing awareness about virus infection prevention
Needs for refreshment
Stress relieving and uplifting
new
                                 Promotion of new workstyles
∙ Recommendation of remote work ∙ Implementation of IT strategy
for improved efficiency
Health support
Health management declaration
∙ Mental health support ∙ Physical health support
new
new
Renew
Increasing awareness about calorie intake; and increasing consumption while at home
Reduced calories, tasty and healthy Enjoy with family
Renew
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

    Aspirations of Kanro
Special Feature 1: Infusion and strengthening of brand-centric management
Delivering new way of communication with “gummy” together with tastiness, pleasure and peace of mind
Gummy candy market and Kanro’s products
The candy market size for 2019 was approx. 199.5 billion yen*1, up 0.9% year on year. The gummy candy market, on the other hand, declined 1.3%.*1 However, Kanro’s revenue from gummy candies increased 11.5%*2 year on year. We, therefore, expect gummy candies to become our new growth driver. In this special feature, we will introduce gummies, the growth driver of Kanro, through the new product “Asobon! Gummy.”
*1: INTAGE SRI Data
*2: Kanro’s shipment value
Changes in sales amounts of gummy candies*1 (Unit: 100 million yen)
■Total gummy candy market    Total of Kanro’s gummy candies 377 394
     242 250 266 218
329 289
2014 2015
Pursuing safe and secure products that parents and children want, which only Kanro can realize
39
42
46
429
424
50
57
    40
40
40
 38
37
  2010
2011 2012 2013
2016 2017
2018 2019
Misu “There are no gummy candies in the current gummy market that I would not mind giving to my little child.” Those words made me realize that even the prod- ucts of Kanro that had been manufacturing safe and secure products were not chosen by parents when they consider giving them to their children. That was the trigger to launch this project. In fact, considering that little chil- dren would eat it, there was an issue that existing prod- ucts were not good enough. I wondered that there was a need for gummy candies that parents feel comfortable to give to their children. Therefore, I decided to appoint Ms. Katagiri, who returned to work from childcare leave, as the project leader and start the consideration.
Katagiri I was surprised to be appointed as a project leader immediately after returning to work from childcare leave. I was not very confident partly because I was still working for reduced hours. But I was strongly encouraged and supported by everyone around.
Misu Ms. Katagiri is a mother of two children. I thought it was her who I could entrust, because she had also engaged in the product planning.
Katagiri At first, Mr. Misu gave us key words: “Parent and Child” and “Vege.” He expected us to develop prod- ucts that get chosen by highly food-conscious parents, including vegetarians and bio-food consumers.
Misu That was the only thing I could think of. However, as the project members proceeded the project, they
reported that the concept of “vege,” which was in my mind, was difficult to incorporate.
Katagiri We had pursued realization of the concept of “vege,” but when we carefully considered the needs of both parents and children, we came to think that “vege” would not meet children’s wishes. Mr. Misu was probably very not sure about our opinion (laughter), but he accept- ed it and asked us to go ahead in the direction we pro- posed.
Misu It was a project I had already entrusted. Also, the project leader should know the target segments’ needs better than anyone else. I was impressed to see the final finished product. It was because what I was looking for was realized by combining things that I couldn’t imagine. Katagiri I was surprised with the company’s decision to run the project, appointing as its leader an ordinary em- ployee who had just returned to work. I think the compa- ny’s family-like casual culture is part of the elements that enabled every one of us to come up with ideas and move the project forward.
Misu We do have a family-like corporate culture. But we still have some old-fashioned approaches, too. We need projects where young and capable people take leadership across the organizations instead of having jobs performed customarily by someone in certain positions. Launching many such projects would revitalize our organization. I believe that, by doing so, Kanro will become a stronger company.
New brand meeting the bipolar needs of parents and children “Asobon! Gummy,” a toy-like candy
  “Asobon! Gummy” developed in the hope of making both children and their parents smile. This gummy candy product targets a new market by eliminating the gap in the needs for candies between parents and chil- dren. Targeting both little children and their parents, the market Kanro had not focused on, it was developed under the concept of toy-like candies, with attention paid to shapes, good taste and, among all, safety. The project to develop “Asobon! Gummy” was launched under the direct supervision of CEO. Developed beyond organizational boundaries, the new product is becoming the third flagship product for the gummy candy market.
   Animal world
Sea world
19 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
20
   Eri Katagiri
Project leader,
President, Making five senses excited project
CEO and CCO Marketing Division
Kazuyasu Misu
 Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

    Aspirations of Kanro
Special Feature 1: Infusion and strengthening of brand-centric management
Thoroughly pursuing from manufacturing to sales space creation to make parents and children smile
Medium-term development theme of Kanro, a company that continues to make many people a little happier
  Research Department
Yusuke Asada
Member of making five senses excited project
R&D Department, Research and Technology Division
Sales Department
In this project, as a representative of the Sales Division, I focused on work- ing as a bridge between the project team and the front-line sales force. No matter how earnestly the product has been developed, if you sell them at wrong places or with wrong approaches, the product’s attractiveness would not be communicated. Initially, I struggled because the concept of “Asobon! Gummy” was not readily understood by members of the division. In order to get buyers and customers to accept “Asobon” as good prod- ucts, it was necessary to have all of Kanro’s sales representatives under- stand its concept. Then we developed store fixture for displaying the product as well as point-of-purchase signs to communicate its concept more visually than verbally, which resonated with many people. Presently, the Sales Division is conducting in-store events for children in the aim of helping consumers deepen their understanding about sugar. Going forward, I hope we can incorporate “Asobon” into such events and offer enjoyable time for children and their parents that will be a good memory for them. I find it attractive not only to provide things, but also to offer experience. This is the first product for me I got involved in from planning to launch. My heart is in it. I hope it will be loved by consumers for many years to come.
 As a project member from the research department, I was involved in the project from prototype production in the laboratory to mass production in the factory. Needs of children and their parents are bipolar. Parents would like to ensure safety of what they give to their children. Children like something colorful and enjoyable. It was very difficult to meet both needs. We spent more time than ever in selecting ingredients. For example, we replaced thickener with foodstuffs. But without thickener, shape retention is reduced; shapes cannot be retained. However, when we consider children’s needs, shape is related to a fun world view. We persistently considered and repeated trials. At the same time, it is imperative to reduce the risks such as of aspiration. We drew on safety knowledge of toy manufacture and continued trial and error. Candies are, like Kanro’s corporate culture, not formal. Candies are small entertaining goods. We can enjoy not only with seeing but also enjoy the taste, scent and texture with all the five senses by eating them. I think that is why safety is import- ant and the research department is responsible for ensuring it. It would be our pleasure if you find our persistence within a single gummy candy.
Kanro upholds the medium-term development theme, “LIFE TIME CANDY,” in the view of being close to life at each life stage, from children, adults to seniors. In addition, we launched “Kanro Making Five Senses Excited Project,” with the hope that people of all ages will be pleasant, delighted and playful. Besides this project, we have four other cross-divi- sional projects working to create new brands that will be responsible for the next generation. Please look forward to what comes out of our continuous efforts with gummy candies as our growth driver.
       21 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
22
Naoko Takechi
Member of making five senses excited project
Strategy Team, Sales Planning Department, Sales Division
    LIFE TIME CANDY
Kanro declares:
Our candies will continue to be close to life at each life stage, from children, adults to seniors.
It is our belief that a single candy contin- ues to make people’s life “a little happier.”
        Firmly biting gummy candies during infancy stimulates children’s five senses and helps create emotional comfort.
Eating gummy candies entails firm biting and swallowing. It is scientifically demonstrated that mastication or biting stimulates parts of the brain involved with memory and various other parts. Firm biting helps increase the strength of the jaws. It helps children develop their eating/swallow- ing functions, which leads to improved oral functions.
Brain scientists say that children up to a certain age recognize only eleven colors at the maxi- mum. The package of “Asobon! Gummy” shows various colorful creatures, which is another key aspect of the product. Furthermore, the product comes with gummy candies in the shapes of various creatures. Children may learn the names of the creatures or create their own stories while playing with them, which we believe helps develop children’s imagination, stimulating their brains.
Dr. Nobuko Uchida Professor at International Pacific University Professor Emeritus at Ochanomizu University
  Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

    Aspirations of Kanro
Special Feature 2: Infusion and strengthening of sustainable management
Communicate the correct use of sweet things
Contribute to people’s healthy life through sweet things Kanro’s support for sports
The reason why Kanro supports for sports
Renofa Yamaguchi FC
A professional soccer club affiliated with the J. League based in Yamaguchi Pre- fecture. The team’s philosophy is to develop a true local team for the citizens of Yamaguchi Prefecture that is loved by the citizens of Yamaguchi Prefecture and inspires, encourages and cheers up the citizens of Yamaguchi Prefecture.
From 2020, Kanro supports Renofa Yamaguchi FC based in Yamaguchi Prefec- ture, the prefecture where our company was founded and our major production base.
In addition to the usual support programs, we also carry out our original projects. They include holding “Thank You for Your Sweet Support” events to express our gratitude to supporters with the players and sugar dietary educa- tion programs for children.
Tokyo Verdy Women’s Hockey Team
    Our support for sports is aligned with our mission to contribute to health and a better society through integrity and sweetness.
Candy’s main ingredient is sugar. Sucrose, the main component of the sugar, is a combination of glucose and fructose. Glucose is an essential nutrient that provides energy for the human brain and body. Especially, when playing a sport which significantly consumes energy, it is important to adequately take in sugar, knowing the correct way and timing.
We are strengthening our support for sugar and communicating the correct use of sweet things from the perspectives of “health management” and “creating value through sweetness.”
1st GREEN
1st GK BLUE
 Relations between sports and sugar
Dr. Ryu Miyagawa, Research Associate, Division of Nuclear Medicine, Department of Radiology, the University of Tokyo Hospital
(1) When playing a sport, take in not only sugar but other nutritive components, too. It is important to adequately take in protein, fat, vitamins, miner- als and water.
(2) Sugar is important especially when playing a sport.
It is imperative to take in sugar before exercising that, for exam- ple, involves exertion of instantaneous force.
After exercising, taking in sugar and citric acid together helps recover muscle mass. Furthermore, taking in protein and sugar together helps strengthen and increase muscle.
(3) It is a misconception that taking in sugar immediately after exercising makes you fatter. Sugar supplementation after exercising is necessary to relieve muscle fatigue.
      *Excerpted from “Sweeten the Future,” Kanro’s owned media
Founded in January 2019, Tokyo Verdy Women’s Hock- ey Team upholds its vision to be a globally competitive women’s team while based in Tokyo; to provide many children with opportunities to see and experience hockey; and to foster hockey families loving and enjoying hockey.
Kanro begins supporting the team as its corporate partner from 2020. Our sponsorship aims to contrib- ute to developing healthy life through sports and to promote diversity of talent.
Taking the opportunity of hiring our first athlete employee, we will work to create an environment where diverse human resources can fully unleash their capabilities and work with a sense of satisfaction.
In 2020, our Company name is shown on the front side of the uniforms.
Through various contents featuring Inoue, we will communicate the relations between sports and sugar, health, and attractiveness of hockey.
   Sugar
Brain
Energy
Body
Kirara Inoue
Belongs to Tokyo Verdy Women’s Hockey Team. Joined Kanro Inc. in October 2019.
    Glucose Fructose
Sitting volleyball is a form of volleyball with players playing in their sitting posture. Japan’s national women’s team is loved by people with its nickname “Kirameki Japan.”
Digestion and absorption
Japan women’s national sitting volleyball team “Kirameki Japan”
  Renofa Yamaguchi FC
Make life healthier with sweet things
https://www.kanro.co.jp/sweeten/
“Sweeten the Future” is Kanro’s owned media. It introduces a range of benefits of sweet things in the hope of helping consumers gain a correct understanding of potentials and values of sweet things.
We support sports with three approaches.
From 2020, Kanro supports “Kirameki Japan” as its special partner affiliated with Japan Para-Volleyball Association. We offer them “Puchi Pori Natto,” a highly recognized healthy snack. We are asking them to help us verify the efficacy of soy isoflavone contained in Puchi Pori Natto through continuous intake of it in terms of whether it leads to improved conditions of the athletes.
Japan Para-Volleyball Association
      Tokyo Verdy Women’s Hockey Team
Japan Para-Volleyball Association
Japan women's national sitting volleyball team “Kirameki Japan”
  +++
   23 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
24
Local revitalization
Widely communicate the correct use of sweet things
Diversity of talent
Pursue further potentials of sugar through sports
What is soy isoflavone?
Soy isoflavone is a natural constituent contained in soy beans. Because of its structure similar to estrogen, a female hormone, it is anticipated to contribute to improved conditions of women.
Sugar enables the internal delivery of soy isoflavone.
Isoflavone exists in foods such as soybeans in the form of glycoside that is nonabsorbable as is. Once isoflavone is taken into the human body, enteric bacteria removes the sugar from it, enabling the constituent to perform its func- tion. Combined with sugar, the constituent is delivered to the proper site for performing its function without getting dissolved on its way.
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

  Management System
Corporate Governance
Basic policies
The basic policies of the Company are transparent management , ensuring soundness and
increasing efficiency . Under these policies, the Company works to enhance corporate governance by placing priority on strengthening the functions of its Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board,
strengthening functions to prevent violations of laws and regulations, ensuring fair disclosure and being accountable to its shareholders. In order to achieve the foregoing, the Company has adopted the form of a company with an audit and supervisory board and appointed Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members who meet the requirements for independent officers to strengthen the management supervisory functions. At the same time, it has adopted an executive officer system to ensure more prompt and efficient decision-making and business execution.
General Meeting of Shareholders
Corporate governance framework
For decision-making on management options, the Company periodically holds meetings to facilitate effective commu- nication, specifically, meetings of the Board of Directors for statutory matters and other critical matters, and meetings of the Board of Managing Directors and the Personnel Committee that comprise mainly standing Directors and Execu- tive Officers for matters on the day-to-day execution of duties. The Company also shares information with outside officers timely using measures such as email and proactively exchange opinions to make deliberate and speedy decisions on topics specified in operational rules and business reports, and manage and supervise the progress and soundness of its business operation.
     (1) Board of Directors
The Board of Directors, comprising six members including three outside members, makes decisions on matters specified in laws and regulations or the articles of incorporation, as well as other critical matters on management after due deliberations. The four Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including three outside members) also attend the Board meetings.
The Board of Directors decides on which duties are to be handled by Executive Directors and which to be delegated to Executive Officers. The Company’s business is executed based on this segregation of duties. Executive Directors also report the status of business execution and other matters to the Board of Managing Directors and the Board of Directors, while Executive Officers report the status of business execu- tion in their responsible areas to CEO, the Board of Managing Directors, and the Board of Directors timely and appropriately.
  (3) Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board, comprising four members (including three outside mem- bers), audits the decision-making of Directors and their execution of duties pursuant to laws and regulation as well as the articles of incorporation. The internal Audit & Superviso- ry Board Members, who have extensive knowledge in the Company’s overall opera- tion, and outside members, who possess a wealth of knowledge and experience in finance, accounting, and corporate legal affairs, work collaboratively to ensure the soundness of the management.
       (1) Board of Directors
6 Directors
(including 3 Outside Directors)
(3) Audit & Supervisory Board
4 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
( including 3 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
    Consultation Recommendation
(5) Personnel Committee
Selection/Removal/Supervision
Selection/Removal/ Supervision
      President and CEO
     Policy Instruction
Cooperation Reporting
Accounting Audits Internal Control Audits
Appointment/Dismissal
Reporting
Audit by Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Instruction
    (4) BoardofManagingDirectors
Chief Compliance Officer
Executive Officers
Internal Audit Office
Internal Audits
 (4) Board of Managing Directors
The Board of Managing Directors comprises three standing Directors, two standing Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including one outside member), and Executive Officers. They receive reports from Executive Directors and Executive Officers on the day-to-day execution of duties, and deliberate on import- ant business execution matters excluding those subject to resolutions by the Board of Directors, and President and CEO makes final decisions.
     (2) Governance Committee
In 2018, the Company established the Governance Committee comprised mainly of independent outside officers as a voluntary advisory body to the Board of Directors. The Committee, comprising three Direc- tors (including two independent Outside Directors), aims to strengthen the corporate governance by playing a role of an advisory body to the Board of Directors to ensure transparency and fairness in examining matters such as the nomination and remuneration of Directors and others.
         Compliance Officers
Training/Interview Consultation/Information
Members by organizations
Compliance Committee
 Business Divisions/Departments/Branches
 (5) Personnel Committee
The Personnel Committee comprises three standing Directors and Executive Officers. To create a vibrant workplace, it deliberates on the proper formulation, operation, revision, and abolition of the personnel and organization systems, along with other important matters related to the personnel and organization, and President and CEO makes final decisions. The two standing Audit & Supervisory Board Members (includ- ing one outside member) also attend its meetings as needed.
  Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Executive Officers
Kazuyasu Misu
Toyoshige Mizuta
Kazuhiro Abe
Hiromichi Mitsuda
Takanobu Yoshida
Tetsuya Murata
Hideyuki Hada
Kazuo Takahashi
Nobuko Hanano
Hirotaka Nishiyama
Kazuhiro Ishikawa
Shunji Kaku
Hisao Yamamoto
Nobuo Tanabe
Naoki Sekiguchi
Taeko Uchiyama
Takeshi Matsumoto
Kanji Hirata
Masahiro Morita
    25 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
26
(1) Board of Directors
 (2) Governance Committee
 (3) Audit&SupervisoryBoard
 (4) BoardofManagingDirectors
 (5) Personnel Committee
 *
indicates Chair or Officer
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets
Accounting Auditor
(2) Governance Committee

  Management System
Corporate Governance
Initiatives to strengthen the corporate governance
- Established whistleblowing contacts
- Started compliance trainings for employees
- Adopted an executive officer system
- Developed the Business Continuity Plan (BCP)
- Started the evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
- Appointed Chief Compliance Officer (CCO)
- Established the Governance Committee
- Appointed Compliance Officers
- Established a system for appointing Outside Directors
- Established a system for developing and selecting succes-
sors of President and CEO
- Developed a procedure for dismissing President and CEO
- Developed a guideline for cross shareholdings
- Examined the appropriateness of shares held in cross shareholdings
- Adopted ROIC as a management indicator to focus on capi- tal cost
Systemand evaluation of effectiveness of the Board of Directors
(1) Analysis and evaluation processes
In evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, along with third-party input, we had an external organiza- tion conduct a self-assessment survey in the form of questionnaire with all Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, to analyze and evaluate the effective- ness of the Board of Directors.
(2) Summary of evaluation results
As a result of the evaluation, while the effectiveness of the Board of Directors was assured, issues such as the need to establish a mechanism to feed opinions from share- holders back to the Board were raised. Looking forward, we will take measures to improve these issues and strive to further enhance the functions of the Board of Directors.
Compliance
The Company defines compliance as acting in compliance with laws and regulations, internal regulations and general social norms and expectations. In addition, the Company works to strengthen and thoroughly implement the com- pliance system through a variety of training programs for all employees.
Appointment of Chief Compliance Officer (CCO)
“Officer in Charge of Compliance” was transformed to “Chief Compliance Officer” to demonstrate our stance on compli- ance in an easy-to-understand way, and the Company
worked to strengthen the system. The Company will contin- ue pushing forward with system building and measures even further to increase awareness among employees. Education of employees
The Company provides training on “corporate ethics/ compliance” on a regular basis and distributes handheld compliance cards that summarize important matters concerning compliance to all employees in an effort to increase awareness and promote compliance. Establishment of whistleblowing contacts
Contacts to report or consult on incidents and questions concerning non-compliance have been established inside and outside of the Company. Compliance Committee meetings will be convened to investigate, deliberate and examine cases where a report is received.
Risk management
The Company has identified risks concerning manage- ment and works to strengthen the risk management system to prevent risks from being materialized and promptly and appropriately handle the risk and minimize damage once materialized.
BCP*
Ensuring the safety of all lives, not limited to our employees and their family members, is our top priority. It is also imper- ative that we restore our operations as soon as possible and maintain continuity. This is what our Business Continui- ty Plan is designed to do. As a confectionery manufacturer, it is our duty to ensure a steady supply of safe, reliable products. Should a major disaster strike, we assess the damage at our suppliers, and in the event that the supply of a specific ingredient is interrupted, we find a way to continue or quickly resume production by securing steady supply through use of a substitute ingredient, for example. Initiatives to mitigate social media risks
The Company has set forth regulations concerning the use of social media to mitigate social media risks and thoroughly implements awareness raising and education concerning the matter for employees. The Company also works to detect risks at an earlier stage through monitoring. Protection of personal information
The Company is strongly aware of the importance of the protection of personal information and specific personal information in its possession. Accordingly, the Company strives to protect personal information appropriately in compliance with laws and regulations and various codes concerning the protection of personal information. Information security
The Company is strengthening and carrying out informa- tion management based on the information security policy to handle information appropriately. The Company also provides employees with thorough education and has departments in charge disseminate information on a regular basis, among other things.
Cross shareholdings Policy for cross-shareholdings
The Company holds shares of other companies only when we determine such holding is necessary and meaningful to increase the mid- and long-term value of the Company, in accordance with our policies for strengthening the business relationship with other companies, facilitating financing activities, and maintaining and strengthening stable business ties.
Every year at the Board of Directors meetings, the Company examines the appropriateness of shares held in cross shareholdings from the said qualitative perspectives, as well as the quantitative perspectives such as whether economic benefits including dividends and business profits are worth the capital cost, along with other eco- nomic rationality factors such as issuers’ credit ratings, profitability, and other credit risks.
For shares that we determine to have become less meaningful to hold, we will dispose of them after due consultations with their issuers, in consideration of factors such as stock price movement and impact on the market.
The Company has examined all listed shares held in cross shareholdings based on the procedures above, and started the disposal of shares that we decided to sell. As a result, the number of listed issues it holds in cross shareholdings at the end of FY2019 decreased to 17 (market value: 425 million yen) from 23 (market value: 543 million yen) at the end of FY2018.
Policy for exercising voting rights associated with cross shareholdings When exercising voting rights on the issuers, we make judgment on each agenda item in consideration of wheth- er it contributes to the continued growth and mid- to long- term enhancement of corporate value of the issuers and their business relationships with us. For agenda items that could harm our corporate value or shareholder value, we do not cast positive votes regardless of whether they are company proposals or shareholder proposals.
Directors’ Remuneration Policy, etc.
Remuneration for Directors consists of (i) basic remunera- tion (monthly remuneration), (ii) performance-linked remu- neration (bonuses), and (iii) Share-Based Compensation. The amount of remuneration to each Director is compre- hensively determined based on the overall assessment of the Company’s business results and the responsibilities and degree of contribution of each Director, which is discussed by the Governance Committee consisting mainly of independent Outside Directors and determined by resolution of the Board of Directors in accordance with the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, etc.
(1) Basic Remuneration (Monthly Remuneration) Basic remuneration for Directors is paid in cash as fixed
monthly remuneration based on the standards for remu- neration for officers that were decided and enacted after referring to the levels of other companies (manufacturing industry) learned from the surveys of external institutions.
Basic remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board Members is determined through discussions with the Au- dit & Supervisory Board based on the standards for remu- neration for officers.
(2) Performance-linked Remuneration (Bonuses)
Performance-linked remuneration for Directors is paid in cash as bonuses based on the standards for payment of bonuses to officers that were decided and enacted after referring to the levels of other companies (manufacturing industry) learned from the surveys of external institutions.
However, bonuses for Outside Directors are a fixed amount, and bonuses for Audit & Supervisory Board Members are determined through discussions with the Audit & Supervisory Board based on the standards for payment of bonuses to officers.
In the event that ordinary income is under 300 million yen, bonuses will not be paid.
(3) Share-Based Compensation
In accordance with the resolution at the 67th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 29, 2017, the Company introduced a Share-Based Compensation system (hereinafter referred to as the “System”) for the Directors (excluding Outside Directors) and Executive Officers (hereinafter referred to as “Directors, etc.”).
For share-based compensation, the trust established by way of funds contribution by the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Trust”) will acquire the Company’s shares. Directors, etc. will be awarded points in accor- dance with such standards as their respective job posi- tions, and the Company’s shares proportionate to the number of such points will be granted to Directors, etc. through the Trust. In general, the issuance of such share to Directors, etc. shall be at the time of retirement from office (if assuming office as Audit & Supervisory Board Member after retiring from office as Director, etc., the time he/she retires from office as Audit & Supervisory Board Member).
Please note that respective total amounts for Inside Directors and Outside Directors are disclosed separately.
 2011
2014
2017
2018
2019
2020
      Officer Category
Total amount of remuneration paid for FY2019 (thousand yen)
Number of eligible officers
Directors (excluding Outside Directors)
Outside Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
152,983 5
13,600 4
22,400 1
   * A Business Continuity Plan (BCP) is an action plan that outlines how the company responds in the event of a disaster, accident, or other unforeseeable events. It includes organizational frameworks, advance preparation, and post-disaster responses designed to keep critical operations up and running, or if they are interrupted, to restore them as soon as possible.
22,900 5
 27 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
28
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

    Management System
Board Members
Management System
Outside Directors Roundtable
      Board members (as of March 31, 2020) From back left
Murata I have been serving as Kanro’s Outside Director since FY2019. I had chances with working with Kanro in my early career, so I knew its prudent corporate culture. In recent years, I feel employees are becoming more and more vigorous as its sales grow. As a dedicat- ed candy manufacturer, Kanro has a strong focus on product quality and pride in its brands, and that gives Kanro a competitive edge. Mitsuda Kanro is a time-honored candy manufacturer with a strong brand power. It also has proven capabilities required of a viable B2C company in areas such as product development, manufacturing technologies, and marketing.
Yoshida Throughout my career, I have always worked for foreign companies. From that perspective, I agree with Mr. Murata that Kanro has a prudent, upright corporate culture, which is a great advantage of a Japanese company. Kanro is also a well-managed team. Leadership and initiative when something happens, however, is an issue for the future, but recently, I notice gradual improvements on these fronts as well. I used to think Kanro as a sales-oriented company with a room of improvement in brand building. But as we all know, the Company set a policy of the brand-centric management last year and has been heading in that direction.
Mitsuda Kanro has numerous brands, so my expectation for the management is to build the capacity to formulate and implement a mid- to long-term strategy for prioritizing brands and identifying areas of focus for now and the future.
Yoshida Kanro is now positively present the value, tastiness, and joy of the sweet things, which are the origin of its business, and clearly appealing to the customers its stance as a “company working only with the sweet things.” As more and more people are becoming health conscious, this is an effective communication.
Murata It is a simple, strong, and unifying message not only to the public but also to internal stakeholders.
Mitsuda During the past four years I have served as Outside Director, “Kinno Milk” became a hit and grew steadily. I think this success has brought Kanro the confidence in the sweet things. In the B2C market, consumers tend to flock around products they see in media or products with novelty, but it is hard to build a stable business on solely such products. In the case of “Kinno Milk,” the key success factor was that Kanro continued to develop the brand that appealed to consumers and successfully transformed the initial popularity into the maximum profit.
Hirotaka Nishiyama Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
From front left
Toyoshige Mizuta Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Kazuo Takahashi Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Standing)
Kazuyasu Misu President,
CEO and CCO
Nobuko Hanano Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
Kazuhiro Abe Director
Managing Executive Officer and CFO
Hideyuki Hada
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Standing)
Hiromichi Mitsuda Outside Director (External)
Takanobu Yoshida Outside Director (External)
Tetsuya Murata Outside Director (External)
Kanro’s value creation through the eyes of Outside Directors
Outside Directors oversee and provide advice on Kanro’s operations from an independent, objective standpoint. What are their views on its new “brand-centric management,” and how are they supporting it? What are their opinions on the goals of Kanro to be achieved?
Three Outside Directors shared their opinions at a roundtable discussion.
[ Outside Directors’ view on Kanro’s strength and evolution ]
             29 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
30
Hiromichi Mitsuda
Outside Director
Tetsuya Murata
Outside Director
 Takanobu Yoshida
Outside Director
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

  Management System
Outside Directors Roundtable
[ The Board of Directors and the Governance Committee as a change enabler ]
Hiromichi Mitsuda
Outside Director (External)
Joined Asahi Breweries, Ltd. in 1974. After holding key positions including Senior General Manager of Research & Development Headquarters of Asahi Brewery, he founded Mitsuda Professional Engineer Office in 2013. He has been serving as Director of Kanro Inc. since March 2016.
Yoshida Of course, it is desirable to achieve all targets set by the Company, but market conditions and competitors should also serve as one measure. In FY2019, Kanro achieved revenue growth amid the slow market. The fact that Kanro performed well while competitors struggled leads to high evaluation and expectations from business partners. Unachieved targets and decreased profit are something to be examined and addressed internally, but no need to become intimidat- ed. While recognizing the correct direction, Kanro should meet the expectations of both business partners and consumers by making preparation more than ever and continuing proactive measures.
Murata Kanro has stated the infusion and strengthening of the brand-centric management in its management policy for FY2020, and committed to initiatives for increasing both sales and profit. In particu- lar, company-wide efforts to reduce cost and improve efficiency would be critical to increase profit.
Mitsuda The key to increase profit in the sluggish market is increas- ing the share and productivity. Creating a cycle of reducing cost by optimizing efficiency and allocating the freed up capital to increase the market share would be important.
Yoshida The brand-centric management requires a strategy for clarifying the market segmentation, analyzing and understanding consumers’ tastes and needs, and thinking about where to sell such products. As the resource for investment is limited, Kanro needs to selectively invest in brands that can win or have the potential to win in the market. Currently, Kanro sells numerous products in the market to respond to the needs of business partners but a considerable portion of such products fails, not contributing to the brand building. I think Kanro needs to seek a new direction to make strong brands even stronger.
 Murata In my opinion, the Board of Directors is working adequately and effectively. As the agenda items submitted to the Board of Directors have already been discussed in the Board of Managing Directors and other meetings, the Board of Directors meetings tend to focus on Q&As and discussions by Outside Directors.
Mitsuda After the Board of Managing Directors meetings, minutes and meeting materials are also sent to Outside Directors by email. These information help us to gain a deeper understanding of the agenda items before attending the Board of Directors meetings. In this sense, I would say that Kanro gives Outside Directors enough feed- back on the execution of its business. President and CEO Kazuyasu Misu chairs the Board of Directors meetings, facilitating open and candid discussions. Four years ago, we had heated discussions over channel development as opinions differed between Inside Directors and Outside Directors.
Yoshida We also had extensive discussions about which channels to
Tetsuya Murata
Outside Director (External)
Joined Mitsubishi Corporation in 1992. In 2011, he was seconded to Life Corporation, where he held key positions including Executive Officer and General Manager of Metropolitan Area Store Support Division, and Executive Officer and General Manager of Metropolitan Area Store Division. He has been serving as Director of Kanro Inc. since March 2019.
target. We insisted on the need for development systems tailored to target channels. Things started to run smoothly after a year. Kanro needed to change its mindset from a sales battle to a strategy battle among competitors. The company is now showing good results by optimizing approaches by channel.
Murata When attending the Board of Directors meetings, I strongly feel Kanro’s openness. As you said, Kanro actively adopts opinions of outside parties into their management. In addition to the monthly Board of Directors meetings, we also participate in their management retreats held twice a year. Even at these occasions, our opinions are valued by President and other Kanro executives.
Yoshida We also hold outside officers meetings every two months or so to discuss timely topics. Attended by all Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, these meetings function as a forum for discussion where we can get briefing from persons in charge from relevant departments in Kanro and enhance our under- standing and recognition of various issues.
Mitsuda In November 2018, the Company established the Gover- nance Committee as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. It comprises three members, namely Mr. Yoshida, Mr. Misu, and me, and I serve as Chair. We mainly discuss the remuneration system and rules for human resources development and compile them into written rules. Our goal is to make Kanro a great place to work by increasing their transparency and fairness. I think we made a significant progress in the past year.
Yoshida For succession planning, the evaluation method and selection criteria have also been determined and compiled in a succession plan. The next challenge is how to pursue it.
[ Promoting the sustainable management and responding to SDGs themes ]
      [ Progress of the brand-centric management in the eyes of Outside Directors ]
Murata I am observing Kanro’s business only for one year, but I think initiatives on the sustainable management is steadily expanding. I can evaluate it as an initiative that has a well-defined sense of direction, and there is a progress from the field to the bottom-up side, not just from the top-down. As management is an endless journey, I recom- mend Kanro to continue and deepen the current efforts.
Mitsuda As a B2C company, Kanro has opportunities to demonstrate its sustainable approach to the world through production methods and packaging, among others. I want Kanro to actively engage in these communication activities as an industry leader in this field. Not everything goes well, but the challenging spirit will be passed to the next generation and lead to a sustainable growth path.
Yoshida For SDGs, Kanro is undertaking various initiatives, but in my opinion, they are not effectively communicated to outside. Looking abroad, in Europe, responding to SDG themes has become a condition for companies to survive, and many companies are working on them looking toward 50 years, or even 100 years ahead. Japan will follow
the same path. In that future, I expect Kanro to continually engage in SDGs actions, and at the same time actively communicate these efforts to the world. Core consumers are conscious of social issues, and gaining their support will enable Kanro to lead the market. How to appeal and communicate its SDG actions to the world will be increas- ingly important to Kanro.
Takanobu Yoshida
Outside Director (External)
Joined The Procter & Gamble Company of Japan Limited in 1979. In 2015, he became Representative Director of Yoshida C&M K.K. He has been serving as Director of Kanro Inc. since March 2016.
 Murata Regarding the operating results for FY2019, I evaluate it to be about 70 points out of 100. Net sales increased year on year but failed to achieve the target, and it resulted in a decrease in profit due to the expansion of upfront investment. Kanro needs to grow enough to offset the decrease in the coming years.
Mitsuda From the standpoint of the medium-term management plan, the progress over the year was not satisfactory, in part, because the gummy candy market, which was premised on sustained growth, did not grow. In the time of change, how would we estimate growth and allocate investment effectively? I think this year brought many learning opportunities to Kanro.
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

Sustainability at Kanro
Kanro defines its Basic Sustainability Promotion Policy as aiming to contribute to health and a better society through integrity and sweetness, thereby helping to realize a sustainable society. By co-creating value alongside all of its shareholders, Kanro aims to become a company beloved and trusted by everyone.

In order to achieve our corporate vision, we need to increase corporate value while contributing to the solution of social issues through business. Towards this, we selected social demands to be
addressed based on SDGs*, ISO14001, GRI Standards and various other guidelines and codes, and identified our materiality in FY2018. With KPIs set out, we are working towards achieving our targets.

In January 2020, we set up a PT consisting mainly of young employees who will shape the future of Kanro. Members from different divisions come together to dis- cuss ways to solve a range of social problems through our business activities, which in turn will help the compa- ny grow sustainably and in step with the society and also spread the understanding of sustainable management. The outcome of discussions will be submitted to a man- agement meeting with a view to reflecting them in our divi- sional plans. The PT will picture “what we want to or
should become (moonshot goals)” in 2050, and follow the “backcasting” approach to work backwards from those future goals determined by the members in setting medi- um-term targets, as well as the “forecasting” approach in finding issues to be solved immediately and in the short run.
PT meetings are suspended until the COVID-19 situa- tion has been solved, but in the meantime the members remain in high spirits, voluntarily continuing their learning and adding new issues on the agenda. It is hoped that the unprecedented pandemic will present another factor in envisioning 2050 and help the team widen their per- spective of the future.

Creating value through Sweetness
Kanro disseminates correct information on the value of sugar and contributes to the realization of a better society through products that help lead to a healthy life and candy that brings joy, fun and moments of happiness.
Relevant SDGs
     
We want our candies to be the spark that bring people closer together. Because of that, we’ve developed a unique educational program that communicates the importance of human relationships to the children who will lead the next generation. Kanro employees go out to local elementary and middle schools, and even work with employee families to educate people. As of 2018, we have also been conducting annual onsite classes, disaster area tours, garbage cleanup walks, and more in collaboration with the Iwaki City Board of Education in Fukushima Prefecture. These initiatives are aimed at helping kids grow up healthy and strong, and to raise awareness of CSR activities among participating employees.
 
Mitigating environmental load through business
Kanro aims to mitigate environmental load in every process of its business activities. We also work to proactively collaborate with the supply chain to realize the fair and sustainable procurement of raw materials.
   
In order to contribute to tackling the now-urgent matter of climate change, Kanro installed solar panels at our Asahi Plant in June 2015 and at our Hikari Plant in June 2019 to promote clean energy initiatives. In addition, we are working to reduce the environmental load from product packaging and packaging materials. In 2019, by switching the materials used in the inner boxes of our core products from corrugated cardboard to a recyclable monofilm, we were successful in reducing the size of each case and achieved a reduction in CO2 from product transportation and from packaging materials. This also made significant contributions to reducing distribution costs. Going forward, we will continue to promote further volume reduction
and simplification, and work to
reduce the environmental load of
product packaging by switching
to environmentally friendly materi-
als.

Food safety and reliability
As a food manufacturer, ensuring the food safety and reliability is our top priority. Kanro also contributes to safety and reliability in dietary life through the provision and communication of correct information to customers.

Developing materials and technologies for better human health
Kanro continues to create products mindful of the health of our customers, as well as conducting quality control for their happi- ness, trust, and peace of mind. In September 2019, we modified our Non Sugar Tea House series to use no artificial sweeteners. In March 2020, we launched the Asobon! Gummy, a kid-friendly product without artificial coloring or artificial sweeteners. Also, in September 2020, we plan to modify our Non Sugar Tea House lozenge series to use no artificial sweeteners.

Promotion of human rights and diversity
The growth of each and every one of our employees and their pride in their job duties support the growth of Kanro. Kanro creates a safe and rewarding working environment while respecting individuality to allow diverse employees to play an active role.

Promotion of Telecommuting and Cultural Reform
Kanro promotes telecommuting as one measure toward working style reform. After a test run in June 2019, presentations were made company-wide in February 2020, with full-scale implementation beginning in March. By expanding employee options for where and when they work, we are striving to enhance work-life balance, improve autonomy, bolster management skills of our managers, leverage ICT, an improve work efficiency. In addition, in order for Kanro to grow through the next hundred years, we need diverse human resources who can take on challenges without fear of change. In addition to improving systems and environments, we will bring about change in the awareness and culture of employees, forming new work styles by disseminating information through in-house social media and other channels.
Training session on LGBT understanding
In January 2020, we held a training session on LGBT understanding. We provide opportunities for each employee to think on the matter so that all members of our diverse workplace including LGBT people will be able to play their full part.

Corporate governance
In order to become a company trusted and needed by society, Kanro engages in fair business and highly transparent organizational operation. The Company listens to the opinions of stakeholders at all times and reflects them in management decisions.

Briefing sessions for individual investors
In order to hear more investor voices, we plan to hold a number of briefings for individual investors. Three of these were held in 2019. Kanro’s vision is to make brighter futures infused with sweetness as the world’s top confectionary. We appeal to investors with this vision using three facets: the necessity of sugar, an organizational culture of chal- lenge, and product creation that values its materials. The Company listens to the opinions of stakeholders at all times and uses them in its management decisions.

 Fact Sheets
Financial Highlights
   Net sales (million yen) 19,683
66th Term (Dec. 2015)
70th Term (Dec. 2019)
Non-consolidated
22,949 24,039 1,003 923 1,045 1,007 1,011 651
Net sales (Unit: million yen)
Ordinary income (Unit: million yen)
Consolidated
67th Term (Dec. 2016)
    Consolidated
Consolidated
21,303 21,301
22,949 24,039
    19,716 21,303 591 935 612 999 500 447 539 602
336 741 999 962 427 527
17,947 18,275 9,736 10,003
1,970 1,512 (213) (830) (486) (855)
2,305 2,132
69.06 62.19
1,343.39 1,395.97 30 30
21,301 947 1,001 593
19,683 19,716
   Operating income (million yen) 333
     Ordinary income (million yen) 299
612 299
999
1,001 1,045
1,007
  Profit attributable to owners (million yen) 86 of parent or net income
 Comprehensive income (million yen) 137
     Capital investment (million yen) 1,635
66th Term 67th Term 68th Term 68th Term 69th Term 70th Term
66th Term 67th Term 68th Term 68th Term 69th Term 70th Term
(2015/12) (2016/12) (2017/12) (2017/12) Consolidated
(2018/12) Non-consolidated
(2019/12)
(2015/12) (2016/12) (2017/12) (2017/12) Consolidated
Total assets (Unit: million yen)
(2018/12) (2019/12) Non-consolidated
19,997 19,169
     Depreciation (million yen) 986
 Research and (million yen) 391 development expenses
Profit attributable to owners of parent or net income (Unit: million yen)
1,011
17,344
17,947 18,275 18,064
  Total assets (million yen) 17,344
 Net assets (million yen) 9,416
      Cash flows from operating activities
(million yen) 1,469
  Cash flows from investing activities
(million yen) (1,365)
 Cash flows from financing activities
(million yen) (1,008)
 Cash and cash equivalents (million yen) 1,035 at end of period
  Basic earnings per share*2
(yen) 11.99
 Net assets per share*2 (yen) 1,298.96
 Dividend per share*2 30 (interim/year-end) (yen) (15/15)
 Payout ratio (%) 250.3
  Equity ratio (%) 54.3
 Return on equity (ROE) (%) 0.9
39 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
40
(15/15)
43.4 48.2
54.3 54.7
5.2
68th Term 69th Term*1 (Dec. 2017) (Dec. 2018)
    500
593 447
651
  (15/15)
Non-consolidated Non-consolidated
——
— 2,850
— 933
1,721
1,102
—
664
86
66th Term 67th Term 68th Term 68th Term 69th Term 70th Term
66th Term 67th Term 68th Term 68th Term 69th Term 70th Term
(2015/12) (2016/12) (2017/12) (2017/12) (2018/12) (2019/12) Consolidated Non-consolidated
Basic earnings per share*2/net assets per share*2 (Unit: yen) Basic earnings per share Net assets per share
1,298.96 1,343.39 1,395.97 1,386.56 1,487.26 1,535.52 141.19
       55.0
3.3
53.3 56.5
5.3 3.3
(2015/12) (2016/12) Consolidated
Equity ratio (%) 54.3 54.3
(2017/12)
54.7
(2017/12)
55.0
(2018/12) Non-consolidated
53.3
(2019/12)
56.5
  Return on assets (ROA) (%) 0.5
2.8 2.5
 Return on sales (ROS) (%) 1.7
3.0
21.2 26.1
69.06 11.99
62.19 82.57
92.36
*1 Following the absorption-type merger of Hikari Seika Co., Ltd. (dated July 1, 2018), the figures in the third quarter of the 69th Term and thereafter are stated on a non-consolidated basis.
*2 Kanro conducted a share consolidation of common stock at a ratio of one share for five shares as of July 1, 2017, and a share split of common stock at a ratio of two shares for one share as of July 1, 2019.
Dividend per share, net assets per share and basic earnings per share are calculated on the assumption that the share consolidation and share split concerned were carried out at the beginning of the 66th Term.
66th Term 67th Term 68th Term 68th Term 69th Term 70th Term
66th Term 67th Term 68th Term 68th Term 69th Term 70th Term
4.5
4.4
— 603
18,064 19,997
9,935 10,656
— 949
— (1,743)
— 271
— 1,800
82.57 141.19
1,386.56 1,487.26
30 32.5 (15/15) (15/17.5)
36.3 23.0
6.1 9.8
4.4 4.4
 Price-earnings ratio (PER)
(times) 103.5
19.6 12.2
19,169
10,827
2,013
(971)
(1,411)
1,430
92.36
1,535.52
30 (15/15)
32.5
6.1
3.8
17.4
   (2015/12)
(2016/12) Consolidated
(2017/12)
(2017/12)
(2018/12) Non-consolidated
(2019/12)
(2015/12)
(2016/12) Consolidated
(2017/12)
(2017/12)
(2018/12) Non-consolidated
(2019/12)
    Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets
 Fact Sheets
Non-consolidated Balance Sheets
Fact Sheets
Non-consolidated Statements of Income
Non-consolidated Statements of Income
Net sales Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating income
Non-operating income
Interest and dividend income Income from loss
Sold power income
Other
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses Sold power expenses Other
Ordinary income
Extraordinary income
Gain on sales of non-current assets Gain on donation of non-current assets Gain on sales of investment securities Gain on extinguishment of tie-in shares
Extraordinary losses
Loss on sales of non-current assets Loss on retirement of non-current assets Impairment loss
Loss on disaster
Loss on sales of investment securities
Income before income taxes
Income taxes - current Income taxes - deferred
Net income
Non-consolidated Balance Sheets
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million yen)
    69th Term (Dec. 2018)
70th Term (Dec. 2019)
  24,039
12,680
 11,358
 10,434
 923
 1,007
97
10
64
10
12
13
5
5
2
  12
1
—
10
—
139
—
136
1
—
0
 880
 226
2
 651
 69th Term (Dec. 2018)
8,928
1,860 6,018
588
20 210 112 1 114 0 11,068
9,010
2,538 208
2,554 6 255 1,689
40 1,717 218
1,839
548 0
2
8
432 16 830 19,997
70th Term (Dec. 2019)
69th Term (Dec. 2018)
6,940
1,698 1,000
465
18 1,013 1,703 283 — 589
71
98
2,399
292 25
1,943
60 77
9,340 10,457
2,864 2,550 2,141
409 5,516 298 5,218
196
42 3,720 1,258
(474)
198
198
10,656 19,997
70th Term (Dec. 2019)
  8,736
1,490
6,250
637
3
213
134
1
3
0
10,433
8,491
3,325
305
2,843
10
271
1,497
95
142
197
1,744
431
0
1
8
429
16
857
19,169
 6,046
1,692
500
292
36
632
1,806
75
215
608
67
119
2,295
—
68
2,060
90
76
8,341
10,696
2,864
2,550
2,141
409
5,934
298
5,635
184
28
4,420
1,002
(653)
131
131
10,827
19,169
 Assets
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Accounts receivable - trade
Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies Prepaid expenses Short-term loans receivable Accounts receivable - other Other
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings
Structures
Machinery and equipment
Vehicles
Tools, furniture and fixtures
Land
Leased assets Construction in progress
Intangible assets
Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Investments in capital
Long-term loans receivable from employees
Long-term prepaid expenses
Guarantee deposits Deposits on admission Deferred tax assets
Total assets
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Accounts payable - trade
Short-term loans payable
Current portion of long-term loans payable
Lease obligations
Accounts payable - other
Accrued expenses
Income taxes payable
Accrued consumption taxes
Provision for bonuses
Provision for directors’ bonuses
Other
Non-current liabilities
Long-term loans payable
Lease obligations
Provision for retirement benefits
Provision for directors’ share benefits
Other
Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Capital stock Capital surplus
Legal capital surplus
Other capital surplus Retained earnings
Legal retained earnings Other retained earnings
Reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets
Reserve for special depreciation
General reserve
Retained earnings brought forward
Treasury shares
Valuation and translation adjustments
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
22,949 12,015
10,934
9,930
1,003
58
9
5 11 30 16 5 5 5
1,045
567
501 9 0 56 293 1 55 226 10 —
1,318
384 (77)
                    1,011
    41 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
42
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

 Fact Sheets
Non-consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Non-consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Fact Sheets
Non-consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Shareholders’ equity
409 2,550 298
— —— 409 2,550 298
4,723 (472) 9,665
— —
— — (218) (218) — —
1,011 1,011 (1) (1) —
793 (1) 792 5,516 (474) 10,457
Shareholders’ equity
409 2,550 298
— —— 409 2,550 298
5,516 (474) 10,457
— —
— — (234) (234) — — 651 651 (188) (188)
99
417 (179) 238 5,934 (653) 10,696
(Unit: million yen)
207 56 (10)
(14)
(10) (14) 196 42
270 9,935
—
— (218) —
1,011 (1) — (71) (71)
(71) 720 198 10,656
(Unit: million yen)
196 42 (12)
(14)
(12) (14) 184 28
198 10,656
—
— (234) — 651 (188)
9 (67) (67)
Non-consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Income before income taxes
Depreciation 933
(Unit: million yen)
70th Term (Dec. 2019)
880 1,102 19
(3) 116 29
(10) 5
— 1 136
(1) (9)
—
— (231) (35) (6)
104 223 114
5
2,440
10 (5) (430)
2,013
(60) 60
(1,943) 1,071
(79) (52) (2)
32 — 1
(971)
(465) (500) (28) (185) (233)
(1,411)
(369)
1,800
—
        69th Term (Dec. 2018)
Capital stock
Legal capital surplus
Capital surplus
Other capital surplus
Legal retained earnings
Retained earnings
Other retained earnings
69th Term (Dec. 2018)
    Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Reversal of reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets
Reversal of reserve for special depreciation Dividends of surplus
Provision of general reserve
Net income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Reversal of reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets
Reversal of reserve for special depreciation Dividends of surplus
Provision of general reserve
Net income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Reversal of reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets
Reversal of reserve for special depreciation Dividends of surplus
Provision of general reserve
Net income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Reversal of reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets
Reversal of reserve for special depreciation Dividends of surplus
Provision of general reserve
Net income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
2,864
— 2,864
3,320
400
400 3,720
2,864
— 2,864
3,720
700
700 4,420
2,141
— 2,141
840
10
14 (218) (400)
1,011
417 1,258
2,141
— 2,141
1,258
12
14 (234) (700) 651
(256) 1,002
1,318
              Shareholders’ equity
Valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Retained earnings
Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Other retained earnings
Total retained earnings
General reserve
Retained earnings brought forward
                                  Shareholders’ equity
Valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Retained earnings
Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Other retained earnings
Total retained earnings
General reserve
Retained earnings brought forward
                  (67) 131
171 10,827
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in provision for directors’ bonuses Increase (decrease) in provision for retirement benefits Increase (decrease) in provision for directors’ share benefits Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Gain on donation of non-current assets
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
Impairment loss
Loss (gain) on sales of non-current assets
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Loss (gain) on extinguishment of tie-in shares
Loss on disaster
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable - trade Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable - trade Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes
Decrease (increase) in consumption taxes refund receivable Other
Subtotal
Interest and dividend income received Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchase of intangible assets
Payments for removal of non-current assets Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities Payments of loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Repayments of long-term loans payable
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable Repayments of lease obligations
Net purchase of treasury shares
Cash dividends paid
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from merger
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
113 36 67 36
(9) 5 (9)
55 226
(499) (0) (56)
10 (576) (213)
90
89 (137) (114) (150)
1,217
9 (5) (272)
949
(60) 70
(2,517) 928
(88) (75) (1)
0 (2) 2
(1,743)
(490) 1,000
(20) (1) (216)
271
(523)
2,013
310
 1,800
1,430
   43 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
44
Capital stock
Legal capital surplus
Other capital surplus
Total capital surplus
Total capital surplus
Legal retained earnings
Reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets
Other retained earnings
Reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets
Reserve for special depreciation
 70th Term (Dec. 2019)
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Reserve for special depreciation
Introduction About Kanro Aspirations of Kanro Management System Strengthening of Foundation for Value Creation Fact Sheets

 Fact Sheets
Non-Financial Information
Fact Sheets
Company Information/Stock Information
Environment
Corporate Data (as of June 30, 2020)
Stock information (as of June 30, 2020) CO2 emissions per unit of sales*1
Food recycling rate
(t/100 million yen)
66th Term (Dec. 2015)
65.03
67th Term (Dec. 2016)
65.53
68th Term (Dec. 2017)
69th Term (Dec. 2018)
70th Term (Dec. 2019)
  Food waste
per unit of sales*1
(t/100 million yen)
 Energy consumption per unit of sales*1
(kl/100 million yen)
27.53
  4.66
27.84
 4.66
   (%)
64.0
78.7
   Water resource input per unit of sales*1
Wastewater volume per unit of sales*1
(1,000m3/ 100 million yen)
(1,000m3/ 100 million yen)
1.23
 0.62
1.27
  0.7362.71 60.86 61.05
26.09 24.63 27.02
4.99 4.21 4.63
89.2 94.2 92.3
1.21 1.17 1.04
0.51 0.43 0.45
485 542 578
6.9 7.5 10.4
3.4 9.1 38.5
100.0 100.0 100.0
Company name: Location of head office:
Date of foundation: Capital:
Contents of business:
Number of employees:
Kanro Inc.
37F Tokyo Opera City Bld., 3-20-2, Nishishinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo Tel: +81-3-3370-8811 (switchboard)
May 6, 1950
2,864 million yen
Manufacture and sale of confections and food
596
Stock exchange listing
Total number of authorized shares Total number of issued shares Number of shareholders
Tokyo 20,000,000 7,657,802 4,875
  Major shareholders (top 5) (as of June 30, 2020)Shareholder name
No. of shares held (thousands of shares)
Ratio of voting rights held (%)
 Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Mitsubishi Corporation
Kanro Kyoei Kai
Enomoto Buhei Shoten K.K. Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
2,126 29.79 501 7.02 450 6.31 346 4.84 323 4.52
 President, CEO and CCO Director Director
Director (External) Director (External) Director (External)
Kazuyasu Misu Toyoshige Mizuta Kazuhiro Abe Hiromichi Mitsuda * Takanobu Yoshida * Tetsuya Murata
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Standing)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Standing)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
Hideyuki Hada Kazuo Takahashi Nobuko Hanano * Hirotaka Nishiyama
(as of March 27, 2020)
  Human resources
* Mr. Hiromichi Mitsuda, Mr. Takanobu Yoshida and Ms. Nobuko Hanano are “independent officers” stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
  Number of employees
(persons)
66th Term (Dec. 2015)
460
5.1
67th Term (Dec. 2016)
477
68th Term (Dec. 2017)
69th Term (Dec. 2018)
70th Term (Dec. 2019)
   Rate of female managers
5.0
   Rate of employees taking childcare leave (male employees)
(%)
(%)
0.0
8.0
   Rate of employees taking childcare leave (female employees)
(%)
100.0
100.0Rate of employees returning to work after maternity/ childcare leave (male and female employees)
(%)
66.7
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
      Rate of paid leave utilization
Number of industrial accidents (lost time injuries)
(cases)
(%)
50.0
54.1
6
51.4
2
56.9
    2
66.4
  0
2Executive Officers (as of March 27, 2020)
Distribution of shares by ownership (as of June 30, 2020)
  President, CEO and CCO
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer and CFO
Managing Executive Officer
Kazuyasu Misu Toyoshige Mizuta
Kazuhiro Abe Kazuhiro Ishikawa
Executive Officer Executive Officer Executive Officer Executive Officer Executive Officer Executive Officer and CIO Executive Officer Executive Officer
Shunji Kaku Hisao Yamamoto Nobuo Tanabe Naoki Sekiguchi Taeko Uchiyama Takeshi Matsumoto Kanji Hirata Masahiro Morita
Foreign investors 43,458 shares (0.6%)
Securities firms 54,214 shares (0.7%)
Treasury shares 502,750 shares (6.6%)
Domestic corporations 3,119,550 shares (40.7%)
Other
522,630 shares (6.8%)
Individuals 1,783,688 shares (23.3%)
   Society
Number of persons participating in social contribution activities*2
Number of educational CSR lecturers*3
Number of kid employees*4
Number of production plant tour visitors
Network
Head office
Hokkaido Branch
Tohoku Branch
Tokyo Metropolitan Area East Branch Tokyo Metropolitan Area West Branch Chubu-Hokuriku Branch Kansai Branch
Chugoku Branch
Kyushu Branch
Head office
Branch
Production plant Laboratory
Hikari Plant Matsumoto Plant Asahi Plant
R&D Toyosu Institute
Financial institutions 1,631,512 shares (21.3%)
  320 persons in total (as of end-January, 2020)69 persons in total (as of December 2019)362 persons
(as of December 2019)22,353 persons (total for 2011-2019)*1 Per unit of sales: the volume of environmental load in relation to sales
*2 Local community events, etc.
*3 Number of employees participating in the Company’s proprietary education program as a lecturer *4 Kid employees refer to children who completed the Company’s proprietary education program.
45 KANROCORPORATEREPORT2020
46
