                TSUBAKI
REPORT
2020
Integrated Report
              
       On Publishing the Integrated Report
Founded in 1917, Tsubakimoto Chain operates its business in 26 countries and regions globally as an indispensable monozukuri (manufacturing) company in the field of motion with products from machinery parts to units, modules, and systems through businesses that include chains, power transmission units and components, automotive parts, and materials handling systems.
Valuing our invisible assets, such as our technological capabilities and the human resources that underpin them, we are aiming to achieve steady growth one step at a time and carrying out a host of initiatives in order to become an essential entity that continually contributes to society for the next 100 years.
The Tsubaki Group publishes this integrated report with the goal of allowing stakeholders to understand in a comprehensive manner its medium- to long-term value creation strategies and various financial and non-financial information.
Main Disclosure Tools
Reports
 Financial information
Investor Relations Section
Discloses financial information for shareholders and investors and information on shareholders and shares
Non-financial information
Sustainability
Discloses details on initiatives regarding environmental conservation, coexistence with society, and corporate governance.
https://tsubakimoto.com/csr/
    Website
(latest information and more detailed information)
Financial statements Results Briefing Documents
Integrated Report TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
 Securities reports (Only available in Japanese)
https://tsubakimoto.com/ir/
   
 CONTENTS
The Tsubaki Group’s DNA and Evolution
2 Corporate Philosophy
3 Lead Story: Fundamental Values
8 Top Management will Provide Leadership
14 Outside Directors will Provide Support for Tsubaki’s
Transformation
16 We will Integrate Our Economic Growth with
Social Value
Snapshot of Tsubaki
20 Tsubaki’s Business Domains
22 Tsubaki Products Supporting Society in a Wide
Range of Areas
24 Value Creation Process
26 Risks and Growth Opportunities
28 Progress of Value Creation
30 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
(Consolidated)
32 Taking on the Challenge of New Value Creation
Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance
34 The Tsubaki Group’s Growth Strategies and Performance
36 Review of Sales and Growth Strategies by Business Operation
44 FYE 2020 Topics
Tsubaki’s Sustainability
46 Corporate Governance 52 The Environment
56 Society
66 Technology
Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information
67 Finance
68 Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial
Summary
70 Principal Tsubaki Group Companies 71 Corporate Data and Stock Information
     Editorial Policy
The TSUBAKI REPORT aims to present in an easy-to-understand format for our stakeholders the Tsubaki Group’s initiatives for sustainable growth and medium- to long-term value creation processes by comprehensively compiling financial and non-financial information (corporate philosophy, business overview, management strategies, technological capabilities, corporate governance, the environment, social contribution, and other areas). As more- detailed information and figures can be viewed on the Tsubaki Group’s website, please refer to it in conjunction with this report. https://tsubakimoto.com/
Forward-Looking Statements
Although this report includes information based on estimates and forecasts made by the Tsubaki Group, it does not represent a promise that it will attain these estimates and forecasts. In addition, the accuracy of data from external sources, including statistics, is not guaranteed. As a general rule, figures less than one unit have been rounded down to the nearest whole number. Also, unless otherwise specifically stated all numerical values relating to Company performance and its financial position have been calculated on a consolidated basis.
Data Regarding Environmental and Social Initiatives
This report was prepared with reference to the Ministry of the Environment of Japan’s “Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2012,” the Ministry of the Environment of Japan’s “Environmental Accounting Guidelines 2005,” and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)’s “Sustainability Reporting Standards.”
• Reporting Period: April 2019 to March 2020 (includes some activities after the reporting period)
• Scope of Data Collection: Tsubakimoto Chain Kyotanabe Plant, Saitama Plant, Nagaokakyo Plant, Hyogo Plant, Okayama Plant, and the following
subsidiaries and affiliates in Japan and overseas:
(Tsubakimoto Custom Chain, Tsubakimoto Sprocket, Tsubakimoto Bulk Systems, Tsubakimoto Mayfran, Tsubakimoto Iron Casting, Tsubaki Yamakyu Chain, U.S. Tsubaki Holdings, Tsubakimoto Europe, etc.)
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 1

 Corporate Philosophy
TSUBAKI SPIRIT
“Tsubaki Spirit” is the Tsubaki Group’s shared corporate philosophy and Code of Conduct. The formulation of this corporate philosophy entailed reevaluating the Tsubaki Group DNA inherited from predecessors as well as the value that we can offer society going forward. We then clearly expressed and systemized the attributes that we should continue to value—in addition to new challenges we should tackle—in the form of Tsubaki’s Mission, Tsubaki’s Aspiration, Tsubaki’s Code of Conduct, and a Founding Philosophy.
         2 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

          LEAD STORY
Fundamental Values Make Quality Products
TheTsubaki Group has continually pursued this doctrine, which was set forth by its founder, SetsuzoTsubakimoto.
What kind of added value will we offer to customers and society?
What kind of business operation should we have to connect better monozukuri to the future and achieve sustainable growth together with society?
Regardless of how the external environment may change, what we aim for will remain the same.
    TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 3

 The Tsubaki Group’s DNA and Evolution
Lead Story: Fundamental Values
1
Creation of NewTechnologies and Products
“Safety and Quality”
These are the two most important themes for a manufacturing company.
Tsubaki has focused on resolving customer and social issues with safety and quality as the top priorities. That approach can be seen in the initiatives of each of our business divisions.
Our chains are an example of this approach. Pursuing chains that do not stretch or break contributes to equipment energy saving for our customers and the saving of resources. Offering added value based on Tsubaki’s unique material technology, heat treatment technology, processing technology, application technology, and other technologies helps improve customers’ productivity. Moreover, we are developing and offering lube-free and low-dust emission products to the food, semiconductor, and other industries that require ultra-clean manufacturing environments.
We can find another example of this approach in our power cylinders for power transmission units and components. Compared with hydraulic and pneumatic cylinders, our power cylinders can significantly reduce electricity consumption, thereby contributing to energy saving and an improvement in the work environment for our customers.
In Automotive Parts Operations, our timing chain systems help improve fuel efficiency and environmental performance, which are important issues for the automotive industry, through the development of an optimal timing chain system that leads directly to higher engine performance, compactness, and lower noise.
In Materials Handling Systems Operations, our automatic sorting equipment exemplifies our approach. The development of a space-saving model using a multi-stage configuration, in addition to this equipment’s original characteristics of high-speed and accurate automatic sorting, contributes to resolving labor shortages, a major issue for the distribution industry. Accordingly, our automatic sorting equipment has garnered acclaim from customers.
 Fundamental Values
4 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

       Bringing innovation to the root of motion Chain Operations
         Improving the sophistication of motion and control Power Transmission Units and Components Operations
     Taking on the challenge of powertrains Automotive Parts Operations
              Controlling the flow of products and information Materials Handling Systems Operations
     TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 5

 The Tsubaki Group’s DNA and Evolution
Lead Story: Fundamental Values
Environmental Impact Reduction and Productivity Improvement Manufacturing Reform
  2
Evolution of Manufacturing
Tsubaki has not only pursued the development of new technologies and products. The seamless evolution of manufacturing methods unswayed by fixed ideas is also part of Tsubaki’s DNA.
We have improved productivity by continually implementing production reforms revising the flow of products in each production process and production system. One of these reforms is “Lean manufacturing in Kyotanabe 2025” (LinK 2025), the next-generation production reform activities promoted by Chain Operations. LinK 2025 takes on the challenge of simultaneously reforming indirect operations and manufacturing by linking all processes through information, from estimates to design and from the plant entrance to its exit.
We are also working proactively to reduce environmental impact in our production activities. We have adopted energy-saving production equipment, LED lighting, and heat insulation paint, and installed a large-scale solar-power generation system at our new factory in the Saitama Plant. The Group is also working to reduce its total CO2 emissions.
Fundamental Values
6 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

 3
Commitment to Invisible Assets
We will connect our innovative manufacturing for the next 100 years. Tsubaki is proactively working to continually strengthen its intangible assets, particularly human resources and technology, from a long-term perspective.
In 1988, we launched the Tsubaki Techno School for young engineers with the aim of steadily passing on our technology to the next generation. We also periodically hold technological exchanges, such as a Technology Forum and the Technical Skills Olympics, thereby helping to invigorate people and the organization.
Meanwhile, in terms of our management systems, we have carried out corporate governance reforms completely separating strategy formulation and oversight from business execution. Amid intensifying changes in the external environment, we will strengthen the creation of systems for swift decision making and steady and responsible execution.
Passing On Technology and Cultivating Human Resources Reinforcement of intangible assets
Swift Decision Making and Steady Execution Reform of corporate governance
Fundamental Values
            TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 7

        The Tsubaki Group’s DNA and Evolution
Top Management will Provide Leadership
The Meaning of True Value
Tsubaki has contributed to resolving social issues through the provision of products and services that help improve productivity and reduce environmental impact for customers.
Based on its DNA and fundamental values, how canTsubaki survive and continue to achieve further growth in these unprecedented times, looking toward the post-COVID-19 world?
Tsubaki will aim to achieve its own growth and contribute to society in the field of motion through further innovation.
Tsubaki’s Determination
1.Top management will provide leadership 2. Outside directors will provide support for
Tsubaki’s transformation
3. We will integrate our economic growth
with social value
           8 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

                                Isamu Osa
Chairman and CEO, Representative Director
Firmly solidify our business foundation and lay the groundwork for the future
Yasushi Ohara
President and COO, Representative Director
      TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 9
 
 The Tsubaki Group’s DNA and Evolution
Top Management will Provide Leadership
Tsubaki Will Aim to Become a Company Delivering Sustainable Growth by Increasing its Value Creation Capabilities
 Achievements of Reform
Throughout its history, the Tsubaki Group has been a monozukuri company that has adopted the making of good products as its ultimate mission. Manufacturing good products does not simply mean pursuing quality and added value. It entails continually delivering to customers and society, in a stable manner, products of the same quality and price, in the same form and in a way that does not burden the environment, regardless of any upheaval in the business environment. Achieving sustainable growth through this steady and stubborn dedication, together with investment in strengthening its business foundation that anticipates the future, is truly what the Tsubaki Group aims to achieve.
In the business environment for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, in addition to the domestic economy entering a recessionary phase from the second half of the fiscal year, we saw a rapid increase in geopolitical risks such as the intensifying of trade friction between the United States and China. Moreover, the global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic from February 2020 onward halted the movement of people, products, and money.
Although our consolidated business results were broadly in line with the plan we announced in October 2019, sales and income declined. We are conducting management with a strong sense of caution that the impact of COVID-19 on the economy will be unprecedentedly severe in its degree and extended
duration. As for our forecast at the present time regarding our business results for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, we expect consolidated net sales to decline 15.9% year on year, and consolidated operating income to decrease 59.1% year on year.
In such a business environment, we must first firmly solidify our business foundation. Further heightening awareness of the importance of reducing costs, we will ensure our survival as a company.
However, we will have no future if all we do is make cutbacks. Adopting a medium- to long-term management stance, I believe that, in severe and uncertain times in particular, it is vital to further strengthen our business foundation and continue to make investments with an eye to the future. We will unceasingly continue our monozukuri to resolve social issues in the field of motion through energy saving, automation, IoT, and other innovations.
Consolidated Business Results
 FYE 2019
FYE 2020
FYE 2021 (Forecast*)
Net sales Operating income
Operating income margin
(Billions of yen)
238.5 226.4 190.5 21.7 16.1 6.6
9.1% 7.1% 3.5% * Announced July 31, 2020
    10
Isamu Osa
Chairman and CEO, Representative Director

 Achievements of Our Initiatives to Date
Achievement One: Resurgence of Our Core Business
 Our operating income margin for Chain Operations in the early 2000s reached critical conditions as it slumped to a low single-digit percentage range due to the construction of and relocation to the Kyotanabe Plant. However, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the operating income margin for this business reached 14.3%. Even in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, when economic growth slowed, Chain Operations were able to maintain a high
level of profitability at 12.4%. I believe that evolving to an innovative production system accommodating high-variety variable-lot production, including the establishment of integrated production lines, in place of lot-based production, in addition to promoting product development thoroughly tailored to market needs, led to the resurgence of our core business.
Achievement Two: Toward Sustainable Growth Based on Technological Superiority
 The emergence of a path toward regrowth for Materials Handling Operations, which had for a long time fallen into balanced contraction, constitutes another of our achievements.
To achieve efficient growth with finite management resources, we invested management resources in a concentrated manner in the development of new products drawing on our unique technological capabilities. This approach bore fruit.
As a result, we are seeing strong sales of automatic sorting equipment with strengths in terms of speed, precision, compactness, and other features, and of bulk handling systems that are indispensable to new energy power plants, including biomass, and environmental conservation equipment.
Further, in the life science field, we have a fully automatic picking and storage system that facilitates the automated picking and storing of drug discovery samples and biological samples. Our advanced technological capabilities and solution proposals, as exemplified by the world’s first model for handling samples at the ultra-low temperature of -150°C, have been well received by customers.
Although it will take time to improve the profitability of the segment overall due to the sluggish performance of overseas subsidiaries and the increase in fixed costs stemming from the proactive recruitment of engineers, we can now clearly envision scenarios for sustainable growth over the medium-to-long term.
 Our Goal through Manufacturing Reform
There is no end to the Tsubaki Group’s strengthening of its business foundation and tackling of manufacturing reforms.
For example, with an operating income margin of 9.2% for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Power Transmission Units and Components Operations was second only to Chain Operations in terms of securing profitability. Nevertheless, to achieve sustainable growth, we are advancing structural reform in this business with a focus on the medium-to-long term. We are removing certain low-margin products from the lineup and, in a similar vein to Materials Handling Operations, concentrating management resources on products and businesses based on added value.
We are maintaining relatively strong sales of module products that leverage our proprietary zip chain
technology, even amid deteriorating economic conditions. Going forward, I would like to develop module products with more added value through technology and ideas and enter new domains.
In Automotive Parts Operations, although the recovery in global automobile production remains uncertain, we will prioritize a recovery in profitability. Augmentation of our global production system has reached a point where it can be paused, due to the acquisition of orders for new projects. Looking ahead, we will advance drastic revisions of production processes while aiming to achieve a dramatic improvement in productivity through the operation of the new tensioner factory (within the Saitama Plant). In addition, we will accelerate the development of automotive products in anticipation of
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 11

 The Tsubaki Group’s DNA and Evolution
Top Management will Provide Leadership
the shift to electric vehicles (EV).
In Chain Operations—our core business—we have
already begun to take on the challenge of next-generation manufacturing. While our previous productivity improvement activities were principally related to manufacturing processes, our activities at the Kyotanabe Plant encompass everything from estimates to design, production, and delivery, linking them all through information from the plant’s entrance through to its exit. At the same time, we are actively promoting automation
and the use of AI and the IoT. These technologies will help to reduce human-induced quality defects and lower disaster risks in the production process. By promoting the shift of people to work duties with higher added value that can only be done by people, we will also help to raise the motivation of employees.
In these ways, we are taking on the challenge of creating next-generation manufacturing suited to the AI and non-contact eras.
 Aiming to Make the Step Up to Becoming a Solutions Provision Company
The growth model common to our four businesses of chains, power transmission units and components, automotive parts, and materials handling systems entails 1) developing products that contribute to spheres that include energy-, resource-, and labor-saving, 2) producing by means of a production system that has minimal environmental impact, 3) finishing products of high quality and safety, and 4) expanding the application of these high-value-added products. Taking on the challenge of steadily strengthening our business foundation and reforming our manufacturing is indispensable to accomplishing this growth model. We will continue these activities in a consistent manner.
At the same time, we are seeing that certain aspects of the growth model based on our four-business system
alone cannot adequately meet the needs of our customers and society. We are expected to provide solutions to the issues faced by society and customers by bringing innovation to the field of motion, in addition to added value in terms of the performance and quality of each of our products (tangible goods).
In the post-COVID-19 era (the new normal), there will be increasing demands for automation, labor-saving, contactless services, and other technological developments. Innovative motion that can respond to these demands will become necessary. To develop into a solutions provision company that can contribute to resolving social issues 10 years into the future and beyond, without being constrained by the frameworks of our four existing businesses, we have begun the following initiatives.
1. Mindset Reform (Bolstering SDG Initiatives)
 Through mindset reform, we will first and foremost respond precisely to customer needs that differ from one business to another. Next, going forward it will be of the utmost importance for us to work from the broader perspective of considering the kind of solutions to provide that can contribute to resolving the issues faced by society.
About the SDGs
The Tsubaki Group will accelerate its SDG initiatives from this perspective. Besides the environment (E), society (S), and corporate governance (G) initiatives, in which we have long been engaged, we are working to narrow down material issues that leverage the strengths of each business and incorporate them into our growth strategies.
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) comprise seventeen international goals for the realization of a sustainable world that were adopted at the UN summit in September 2015.
2. Corporate Governance Reform (From System Creation to Effectiveness)
 As part of our corporate governance reform efforts, we clearly separated strategy formulation and oversight from business execution in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. The object of this move was to strengthen our functions for accurately formulating strategies that
accurately identify the issues and needs of society as a whole and to accelerate business execution. In addition, we established the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an outside director, and improved the transparency and objectivity of the process
12 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

 Yasushi Ohara
President and COO, Representative Director
for the appointment and dismissal of directors. incentives for directors of the results of improving The introduction of a restricted stock compensation Tsubaki’s corporate value.
system is also a new initiative. This system clarifies
3. Strengthening and Accelerating Development Functions
 We have divided the Development & Technology Center into sections for New Business Planning & Development and Technology & Research Development and assigned officers to take charge of each section. The aim of these
moves is to accelerate the pace of new business creation transcending traditional business domains while strengthening development of the advanced technologies that will become the cornerstone of our value creation.
4. New Long-Term Vision/Formulating the Mid-Term Management Plan
 We are working on formulating a new long-term vision with an eye to 2030 and the Mid-Term Management Plan, which will serve as an action plan for that vision.
1. Use a backcasting approach to incorporate the
long-term vision—“What Tsubaki Strives for by 2030”—into the Mid-Term Management Plan for realizing it
2. Include the broad perspective of social issues such as the SDGs and incorporate these issues into growth strategies
3. Establish important financial and non-financial issues
and key performance indicators (KPIs) and enable the progress of strategies to be checked quantitatively from inside and outside the Company
In these and other ways, we are advancing the formulation of both a long-term vision and Mid-Term Management Plan that are a clear departure from the past. We will complete the incorporation of specific strategies in the second half of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, and provide an explanation to our stakeholders.
 Aiming to Achieve Sustainable Improvement in Corporate Value
To achieve sustainable improvement in corporate value amid an increasingly uncertain external environment, it is essential to accelerate the pace of self-transformation.
1. Understand the major trends in society as a whole and
accelerate the provision of solutions based on the
Company’s advantages
2. Value intangible assets such as our technological
foundations and human resources and proactively
encourage value creation generated by these assets These two approaches will widen the number of fields in which we can resolve social issues while helping to restore capital efficiency, which has declined in recent years.
The “Tsubaki Spirit”, the Tsubaki Group’s corporate
philosophy, clarifies the social mission of the Group as advancing the “art of moving” and providing value that surpasses society’s expectations. To fulfill that mission, we must develop into a true solutions provision company that transcends value creation by business and product.
We have achieved growth by constantly taking on the challenge of transformation. We will work to accelerate the development of new businesses and other efforts aimed at regrowth, especially in these difficult and uncertain times that include COVID-19.
The Tsubaki Group will solidify its business foundation and continually invest in the future while aiming to achieve sustainable growth through the creation of new value.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 13

 The Tsubaki Group’s DNA and Evolution
Outside Directors will Provide Support for Tsubaki’s Transformation
 We will make dedicated efforts for the speedy
  Shuji Abe
Outside Director
1997 Director, Yanmar Diesel Co., Ltd. (now Yanmar Holdings Co., Ltd.)
2005 ExecutiveVicePresident, Yanmar Co., Ltd. (now Yanmar Holdings Co., Ltd.)
2007 President,YanmarAgricultural Equipment Co., Ltd.
2009 RetiredasPresident,Yanmar Agricultural Equipment Co., Ltd.
2010 Retired as Executive Vice President, Yanmar Co., Ltd. (now Yanmar Holdings Co., Ltd.)
2013 Outside Director, Tsubakimoto Chain Co. (incumbent)
Tsubaki’s Growth Opportunities and Remaining Issues
The spread of COVID-19 has prompted major changes in peoples’ lifestyle patterns and the way of economic activities. Tsubaki must unwaveringly link these changes to growth by addressing changes in society’s needs.
To that end, Tsubaki must accelerate continuous product improvement and technological development, which are among its strengths, while taking on the challenge of disruptive innovation, without being constrained by our traditional technologies. Speed and the timing of launches to market will be also crucial in these efforts. Targeting areas including energy efficiency, resource saving, and unmanned operations, it is essential that we fulfill our social responsibility with a long-term perspective.
Corporate Governance System
We have established a framework through the bold strengthening of our corporate governance system in recent years. Going forward, we will improve its effectiveness.
Tsubaki must lose no time in accelerating its SDG initiatives. Doing so will help improve our corporate value. It is vital that Tsubaki also proclaims its initiatives externally and communicates information on their status of progress to its stakeholders.
My Role
It is not possible to deal with a completely new situation such as a pandemic with knowledge alone. I am conscious that my role as an outside director is to have a strong sense of the path that a corporation should take—that is, its greater management purpose—and to guide Tsubaki unwaveringly toward the achievement of its long-term goals. I will work to realize Tsubaki’s transformation with a focus on management based on past experience and universal principles.
   Message from the Newly Appointed Outside Director
Hisae Kitayama
Outside Director
1982 Joined Asahi Accounting Company (now KPMG AZSA LLC) 1986 Registered as Certified Public Accountant
1999 Partner, Asahi Accounting Company (now KPMG AZSA LLC) 2013 Managing Executive Director (in charge of diversity), KPMG
AZSA LLC
2019 Chair, Kinki Chapter of Japanese Institute of Certified Public
Accountants
2019 Senior Executive Director, KPMG AZSA LLC, and Deputy
Chair, Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
2020 Retired from KPMG AZSA LLC, Outside Director,
 14 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Tsubakimoto Chain Co.

 transformation of Tsubaki.
  Keiichi Ando
Outside Director
2009 Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
2010 Representative Director, Deputy President, and
Executive Officer, Sumitomo
Mitsui Banking Corporation
2012 Representative Director,
President, and CEO, New Kansai International Airport Company, Ltd.
2016 Representative Director and President, Ginsen Co., Ltd.
2017 Outside Director, Tsubakimoto Chain Co. (incumbent)
2019 Retired as Representative Director and President, Ginsen Co., Ltd.
Tsubaki’s Growth Opportunities and Remaining Issues
The COVID-19 crisis is giving rise to changes in supply chains, demand structures, and markets, in addition to lifestyles and consumer consciousness. For corporations, sustainable growth, harmony with society and the environment, and innovation for resolving issues are becoming increasingly important. Product development, technological innovation, and market creation with a greater focus on the environment, society, and governance (ESG) and the SDGs are urgent priorities while the transformation to sustainable and innovative business models is imperative.
Assessment of Corporate Governance Reinforcement
A series of corporate governance reforms has improved management strategy determination capabilities and transferred authority to business execution, thereby clarifying responsibilities and accelerating management. Communication with outside officers is also progressing, as demonstrated by our participation in a follow-up meeting regarding the Mid-Term Management Plan. Internal control, such as compliance and risk management, is also being operated firmly. The Company will further increase the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (an advisory body) while advancing greater reinforcement of corporate governance and risk management that includes overseas Group companies, taking into consideration business expansion through mergers and acquisitions (M&As) and other means.
My Aspirations as an Outside Officer
Viewing SDGs initiatives as growth opportunities, the Company will determine priority issues to be addressed and incorporate these into its management and business strategies, while re-questioning what its strengths are. It is important to advance the “art of moving” and provide value that surpasses society’s expectations to remain a company that society needs, as stated in the “Tsubaki Spirit”. As an outside director,
I will accurately understand the major trends of the era, create innovations and solutions to address social issues and issues faced by the Company, and work proactively to transform and develop its business model to achieve further growth.
 The business environment surrounding corporations has become exceptionally challenging due to the COVID-19 pandemic, making it difficult to make predictions about the future and understand risks. In situations where changes are particularly pronounced, not only traditional logic but also diverse values from external eyes and new perspectives will be required.
Leveraging my knowledge and experience of accounting and auditing, as an outside director of the Company, I would like to contribute to a further improvement in its medium- to long-term corporate value (economic value and social value) and sustainable growth while balancing defensive and offensive governance using a woman’s flexible and fresh ideas.
Regarding COVID-19 as an opportunity for transformation, and viewing risk as offering possibilities for corporate value, I will engage in Companywide and integrated risk management from a new perspective, with an eye toward both positive and negative aspects.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 15

 The Tsubaki Group’s DNA and Evolution
We will Integrate Our Economic Growth with Social Value
 We will contribute to resolving social issues through growth strategies that take into
Beginning Preparations for Introducing the SDGs with a Focus on the Next 10 and 50Years
 Amid the emergence of a host of issues on a global scale that threaten the sustainability of society, such as the acceleration of climate change, interest in environmental, social, and governance (ESG)-related issues has been growing in recent years. Moves among corporations to focus efforts on the SDGs have increased rapidly as a
major trend arising from this development.
Based on a recognition that it is essential to incorporate
the perspective of the SDGs into management when looking ahead to the next 10, 50, and 100 years, the Tsubaki Group established a review team in 2018 and advanced preparations aimed at introducing the SDGs.
Implementing Our Corporate Philosophy Helps Us Contribute to the SDGs
 To introduce the SDGs, we have referred to the five steps indicated by the SDG Compass*: 1) Understanding the SDGs, 2) Defining priorities, 3) Setting goals, 4) Integrating into management, and 5) Reporting and communicating.
With the aim of instilling an SDG approach internally, we began by carrying out training for senior management, study sessions led by external instructors, and individual study sessions for executive-level employees (27 times in total). Next, we identified how the Group has contributed to the 17 goals set out in the SDGs through its initiatives to date. As a result, we were able to confirm that we have already contributed to the achievement of the issues in the SDGs through a range of activities and products, from the perspectives of both corporate social responsibility (CSR) and creating shared value (CSV). In other words, we
reached the conclusion that implementing our social mission of advancing the “art of moving” and surpassing society’s expectations, as laid out in the “Tsubaki Spirit”—our corporate philosophy—helps us contribute to the SDGs.
In order to systematize our activities thus far and tackle the SDGs as management issues from a medium- to long-term perspective, we established a project team. In April 2020, we established our Basic Policy on Sustainability to serve as a guideline for these activities.
Under this policy, various committees and bodies, including those for risk management, safety, and the environment, set material issues (priority matters) and KPIs regarding CSR and began activities.
*Action guidelines developed by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the UN Global Compact, and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) indicating how corporations can tackle the SDGs
Resolution of social issues through technological innovation
(CSV priority issues)
Reflection in Mid-Term Management Plan that will begin in FYE 2022
Creation of a sustainable society
(CSR priority issue)
  Basic Policy on Sustainability
The Tsubaki Group will contribute to the creation of a sustainable society through business activities based on the “Tsubaki Spirit”, its corporate philosophy, while improving its corporate value through technological innovation and aiming to remain a company that society needs. In addition, we will enhance management transparency and deepen relationships of trust through communication with our stakeholders.
             16 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Business activities

 and the creation of a sustainable society account the SDGs.
Incorporating SDGs into the Next Mid-Term Management Plan
 The Tsubaki Group is currently formulating its long-term vision, “What Tsubaki Strives for by 2030,” factoring in consideration of the perspective of the SDGs and premised on society in 2030.
Going forward, we must integrate the SDGs into management, as stated in the SDG Compass. Accordingly, the Group intends to reflect the SDGs in its next Mid-Term Management Plan, which will act as an implementation plan for its long-term vision. Specifically, each business division will clearly state its long-term vision of what it wants to be, based on “What Tsubaki Strives for by 2030.” We will set material issues and KPIs to achieve that vision and incorporate them into the next Mid-Term Management Plan, which will begin in April 2021.
Looking ahead, the Group will work as one to tackle technological innovation and the resolution of social issues through both CSV and CSR. At the same time, we will communicate with our stakeholders and contribute to the creation of a sustainable society as a monozukuri company.
Timetable for Introducing the SDGs
 2018
2019
First Half
of FYE 2021
Second Half of FYE 2021
• Establish project team
• Identify the relationship between the Tsubaki Group’s initiatives to date and the SDGs
• Implement study sessions regarding the SDGs centered on executive-level employees in each division
• Formulate Basic Policy on Sustainability (April)
• Commence examinations of long-term vision
• Set material issues (priority matters) and KPIs based on ESG from the perspective of CSR and commence activities
• To realize long-term vision, set material issues (priority matters) and KPIs from the perspective of CSV
• Reflect CSV issues in next Mid-Term Management Plan. Commence activities from April 2021
    Process for Identification of Material Issues (Priority Matters) Regarding Sustainability
1. To identify material issues from the dual perspectives of risks and opportunities regarding sustainability, responsible divisions identified and evaluated their own issues leveraging the 17 SDGs.
2. Defined and evaluated risks and opportunities based on their importance to stakeholders and importance to the Company (including the gap between what the Company is and what it strives to be), using the matrix on the right.
3. Carried out repeated discussions centered on responsible officers regarding the degree of importance to the Group as a whole based on number 1) and defined material issues (selection)
Major impor- tance
Minor impor- tance
Major impor- tance
  Degree of importance to operation of the Company’s business
Important domain
 Important domain
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 17
Opportunity for the Company Risk for the Company
Importance to stakeholders

 The Tsubaki Group’s DNA and Evolution
We will Integrate Our Economic Growth with Social Value
Tsubaki’s Sustainability Priority Matters and Guidelines
As follows, we defined material issues (priority matters) from the perspective of sustainability (CSR perspective) and KPIs following the identification process outlined on page 17. These initiatives contribute directly to the SDGs, and clarifying the relationship between them will help raise the awareness of employees.
 ESG Category
Material Issues (Priority Matters)
KPIs
Contribution to the SDGs
E
The Environment
Environmental conservation Climate change countermeasures
Climate change mitigation measures (CO2 emission reductions) and other environmental conservation
Number of violations of environmental laws and regulations
  Total CO2 emissions (percentage relative to FYE 2014)
 Waste recycling rate
 PRTR-substance emissions
 CDP Climate Change Response Boundary Rate*1
  S
Society
Safe and rewarding workplaces
Respect for human rights
Number of companies implementing ethics education
  Promotion of diversity
Ratio of employees with disabilities
 Ratio of companies meeting legally required employment ratios for people with disabilities
 Number of non-Japanese employees
 Ratio of senior female employees
Work style reforms (improve motivation and operational efficiency)
Ratio of paid leave acquisition
Cultivation of human resources
Number of employees dispatched overseas for training
Ensuring employee safety and well-being
Number of accidents resulting in absence from work
 Ratio of high stress employees
Provision of safe and reliable products
Quality assurance
Number of major quality issue occurrences*2
 Sustainable procurement
 Cooperation with suppliers
Number of environmental survey requests
 Survey response ratio
 Number of sustainability guidelines issued*3
 Addressing conflict minerals
G
Corporate Governance
Sound, fair, and transparent business operations
Thorough compliance
Number of serious violations of Company regulations
  Number of companies that participated in Strengthening Corporate Ethics Month
Crisis response and Business Continuity Plan
Disaster preparedness and evacuation drill implementation rate
Information security
Number of serious system incident occurrences
 Number of information security accident occurrences
Prevention of intellectual property infringement
Number of warnings received due to infringement of other companies’ rights
  Economic Value
 Balance between economic and social value
 We are currently examining material issues regarding innovation (resolution of social issues through our business activities) and finance.
•New indicators including eco-products (SDG-oriented products)
•Capital efficiency indicators
                      *1 CDP Climate Change Response Boundary Rate: Percentage of response accounted for by the entire Group on a global basis using the CO2 emissions standard in the fiscal year covered by the CDP survey
*2 According to an internally established definition
*3 A theme for which we began initiatives in FYE 2021
Please visit the following website for details. (Japanese Only)
https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/plan/
18 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

       Snapshot of Tsubaki
20 Tsubaki’s Business Domains 22 Tsubaki Products Supporting
Society in a Wide Range of Areas 24 Value Creation Process
26 Risks and Growth Opportunities 28 Progress of Value Creation
30 Financial and Non-Financial
Highlights (Consolidated)
32 Taking on the Challenge of New
Value Creation
Driving the World... and the Future
        TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 19
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Snapshot of Tsubaki
Tsubaki’s Business Domains
The Tsubaki Group advances motion technologies primarily in four business domains and contributes to global economic development while helping customers reduce their environmental impact and improve their economic performance.
FYE 2020 Net Sales (Consolidated)
¥226.4 billion
 Others
¥3.5 billion
Materials Handling Systems Operations
¥64.2 billion
Automotive Parts Operations
¥70.9 billion
Net Sales by Segment*
Chain Operations
¥67.5 billion
Power Transmission Units and Components Operations
¥23.8 billion
   * Net sales includes intersegment sales and transfers
FYE 2020 Operating Income (Consolidated)
¥16.1billion
Materials Handling Systems Operations
¥0.6 billion
Automotive Parts Operations
¥5.7 billion
Power Transmission Units and Components Operations
¥2.1 billion
Operating Income by Segment
Others
Chain Operations
¥8.4 billion
57.4%
4.1%
Japan
42.6%
    Ratio of Overseas Sales
  7.7% 7.2%
South Korea and Taiwan
 20
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
China Indian Ocean Rim
Europe 11.0% Americas 27.4%
Net sales by region*
* Overseas sales are based on the location of the customer and classified by country or region
    Chain Operations
   Power Transmission Units and Components Operations
     Automotive Parts Operations
        Materials Handling Systems Operations
          
 Origins That Underpin Motion
We provide various industries, such as the machine tool, automobile, steel, LCD/semiconductor, and food industries, with a diverse lineup of drive chains, conveyor chains, and other chains optimized for their needs.
Industrial-Use Steel Chains
No. 1 share of the global market
15%
Power Cylinders (motorized cylinders) No. 1 share* of the Japanese market
76%
Timing Chain Systems No. 1 share of
the global market
37
Tilt-Tray Sorter
No. 1 share* of the Japanese market
70
* Source: Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
Realizing High-Precision Motion & Control
We provide optimal power transmission products by utilizing a diverse lineup of reducers, actuators, clutches, and other products in the motion control field and by combining the technologies related to these products.
Response to High-Performance Powertrains
We provide timing chain systems that contribute to the high-performance, compactness, and ecological performance of automobile engines to automobile manufacturers around the world. We have also developed and have a lineup of Enedrive Chains that are compatible with next-generation eco cars such as electric vehicles.
Comfortable control of objects and information
%
Our Materials Handling Systems Operations provide sophisticated solutions that improve customer productivity by controlling the flow of objects and information through sorting, conveyance, and storage systems.
%
Product Information
https://www.tsubakimoto.com/products/
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 21

  Snapshot of Tsubaki
Tsubaki Products Supporting Society in a Wide Range of Areas
General Industrial Applications
Vehicles
Resources / Materials
    Machine part manufacturing equipment
 RS roller chains, zip chain actuators, gear reducers, other
  Automotive power sliding doors
 Cable carriers
   Offshore oilfield platforms
 Cable carriers
Chain Operations
Power Transmission Units and Components Operations
   Lines manufacturing medical rubber gloves
 Large-size conveyor chains
  Automobile assembly plants
 Four-axis Zip Chain Lifter
  Conveyor equipment for coal mines
 Mining chains
    Robots
  Machine tools
 ATC chains
 Cable carriers
   Nursing care vehicles
  Gear reducers, chains, couplings, cable carriers
    Iron ore unloaders
  Unloader chains
      Transporting machine tool swarf
 Chip conveyors
  Part conveyor equipment for vehicle service plants
 Autoran Vanguard
  Coil stockyards
 Coil Robo
Materials Handling Systems Operations
  Press plants
 Scrap conveyors
  Vehicle painting lines
 New Traverser Systems
  Cement plants
 Bucket elevators
     Automotive Parts Operations
New Business
Power Drive Chains for four-wheel drive units
  22 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Timing chain systems for automobile engines
Enedrive Chains for powertrains
(electric vehicles / hybrid electric vehicles)
 
 Food / Medicine
Infrastructure / Consumer / Environment Entertainment Facilities
   Sorting machines for apple processing plants
 Small-size conveyor chains
  Passenger boarding bridges for airports
 Power cylinders, cable carriers, other
  Claw crane arcade games
 Conveyors for conveyor belt sushi restaurants
 Cable carriers
 Plastic top chains
    Beverage plants
  Plastic top chains
   Watertight doors for subways and disaster prevention purposes
  Movable barriers for train station platforms
 Devices for opening and closing stadium roofs
 Zip chain units
 Brushless motors, timing belts, other
 Steel cableveyor system
     CT (computed tomography) scanners
 Power cylinders, gear reducers, other
   Floodgates
  Cable carriers
    Stage elevator equipment
 Escalators
 Zip chain lifter
 Step chains
     Produce sorting system
 LiniSort S-C
  Biomass power plants
 Bucket elevators, conveyor chains
   Mail-order shopping distribution systems
  Bond document management systems
 QuickSort
 Security Stocker
   Regenerative medicine / new drug research
 LaboStocker automatic ultra-low temperature storage units
  Desulfurization and denitrification devices (steel plants)
 PB Pivotveyor, NAB Aprovator
  Newspaper printing plants
 Paper-feeding AGV
            V2X bi-directional EV charging systems
 eLINK
    Plant factories
 Automatic seedling transplanter unit
Cloud server
IoT platform
Farms and plant Factories Public utilities Large facilities factories and buildings
IoT-based remote monitoring software
  MitaMon
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 23
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

   Snapshot of Tsubaki
Value Creation Process
The Tsubaki Group shares with all of its employees its corporate philosophy of contributing to society by advancing motion technologies. Under highly objective and transparent corporate governance, we promote CSV activities contributing to the resolution of social issues through our products by fully leveraging our advantages that include technological capabilities, financial strength, and global response capabilities, and CSR activities fulfilling our responsibility to society as a company.
 The Source of Our Value Creation
Sharing Our Corporate Philosophy and Basic Policies
Corporate Philosophy
TSUBAKI SPIRIT
Means of Value Creation
   Technological Innovation and the Resolution of Social Issues
Operation of CSV activities
 Basic Policy on Sustainability
Codification of “Contributing to the Creation of a Sustainable Society” and “Improving Corporate Value through Technological Innovation” as our basic policy on sustainability initiatives
    Leveraging Our Advantages to the Full
   Technological Capabilities
2,047 patents
Swiftness and visualization of decision making and business execution
Financial Stability
D/E ratio (net) of 0.06 times
Global Response Capabilities
81 companies
in 26 countries and regions
Creation of a Sustainable Society Operation of CSR activities
Corporate Governance
 24 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

 The Group will contribute to the creation of a sustainable society while aiming to be a company needed by society that continually surpasses the expectations of its stakeholders by enhancing its economic and social value.
      Promotion of the development of eco-products (SDG-oriented products)
Cultivation of the creation of new products and businesses using backcasting
Cultivation of human resources and improvement of motivation
Establishment of environment- friendly production systems
Promotion of community contribution activities
Achievements of Value Creation
Contribution to the SDGs
From a CSV perspective, we codified “What Tsubaki Strives for by 2030,” and to resolve social issues from the standpoint of the SDGs, we are formulating our next Mid-Term Management Plan.
From a CSR perspective, we completed the setting of material issues (priority matters) based on ESG and of KPIs. Through these initiatives for social issues, we will contribute to the resolution of social issues.
Maximization of Financial and Non-Financial Value
In terms of financial value, we have set new KPIs emphasizing capital efficiency, in addition to net sales and operating income, and plan to reflect these in our next Mid-Term Management Plan. Meanwhile, for non-financial value, we are bolstering activities to achieve our KPIs on sustainability, such as conserving the environment and improving the motivation of employees, in addition to increasing added value.
Proactive Shareholder Returns
Under a basic policy of reflecting consolidated business performance in dividends, we achieved a consolidated dividend payout ratio—the criterion for profit allocation—of more than 30% for four consecutive years since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. As one of management’s most important tasks, we also plan to conduct proactive shareholder returns in our next Mid-Term Management Plan.
           Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 25

 Snapshot of Tsubaki
Risks and Growth Opportunities
Amid rapid changes in the external environment, accurately and promptly identifying growth opportunities and meticulously preparing for a host of risks have become prerequisites for sustainable corporate growth. Appropriately addressing short-term and medium- to long-term environment changes, the Tsubaki Group will aim to be a company that continually improves its sustainable corporate value.
Primary External Anticipated Period of Risks Environment Changes and Opportunities
          26 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
  Changes in the Work Environment
• Decline in the working population in Japan
• Respect for workers’ basic rights and emphasis on work style reforms
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
  Acceleration of Response to Environmental Issues
• Growth of interest in energy saving and environmental conservation
• Decline of internal combustion engine vehicles (gasoline and diesel vehicles)
    Changes in International Affairs
• Emergence of developing countries
• The United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union
    Acceleration of the Information Revolution
• Expansion of demand related to AI and the IoT
• Frequent occurrence of cyberterrorism
                        
 The Tsubaki Group’s Risks and Opportunities, and Measures in Response to Them
Products and services that contribute to improving productivity for customers are related to the foundation of our competitive advantages. We will continue proactive investments for developing technologies, quickly understanding customer needs, and strengthening marketing capabilities.
At the same time, the decline in the working population in Japan is a risk to the Group, which is a manufacturing company. With this in mind, the Group is bolstering the creation of a comfortable workplace environment, in addition to the acquisition of human resources globally and diversity initiatives such as promoting the empowerment of women in Japan. In tandem with work style reforms, we are carrying out activities to realize more rewarding next-generation plants by fully leveraging AI and the IoT to free employees from monotonous and physically burdensome work.
Environment-friendly products indispensable to energy-saving and ultra-clean manufacturing environments are the Group’s mainstay products. For example, in Automotive Parts Operations, the significant contribution to improving the environmental performance of engines by making them lighter and more compact has led to our timing chain systems capturing the No. 1 share of the global market.
We are also proactively addressing the medium- to long-term risk of the decline of internal combustion engine vehicles. We are bolstering the development of automotive products for next-generation eco cars by leveraging the clutch technologies of Power Transmission Units and Components Operations, such as the development of our new Enedrive Chain products.
The Group proactively has invested in globalization from an early stage through the establishment of overseas sales and manufacturing bases. At the same time, we are accelerating the swift understanding of the needs of each market segment and the development and improvement of products most suitable for individual markets.
The Group, which has a manufacturing base in the United Kingdom, may be adversely affected by its withdrawal from the European Union. However, we believe we can minimize its impact by quickly transferring production in response to changes in economic policies through the utilization of our manufacturing bases in the Czech Republic and elsewhere in Europe.
In Power Transmission Units and Components Operations and Materials Handling Systems Operations, we are accelerating the development and sales of new products leveraging AI and the IoT. To proactively leverage the technological bases of other companies, in addition to our own information technology base, we intend to strengthen M&As and alliances.
We are also conducting a variety of initiatives regarding leaks of confidential information and preparations for cyberterrorism. We periodically hold meetings at which those in charge of IT at Group companies in Japan and overseas assemble and operate information security and cyberterrorism countermeasures on a global basis. In addition, we also focus on information security education for employees through e-learning and other methods.
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information
      TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 27

   Snapshot of Tsubaki
Progress of Value Creation
Development of Products and Businesses in Keeping with ChangingTimes
   Japan’s Rapid Modernization and Industrialization
We were founded as a manufacturer of bicycle chains in 1917. Subsequently, recognizing the progress of mechanization in Japan and elsewhere, we completely shifted to the manufacture of chains for machinery in 1928 and concentrated management resources in them.
In 1937, we delivered a large-scale conveyor plant that used chains, thereby expanding our business range to Materials Handling Systems Operations.
Chain plant at the time of the Company’s founding
The 1910s Onward
1917 Founded in Oyodo-ku (now Kita-ku), Osaka. Made bicycle chains.
1923 Taking a cue from an overseas catalog, began manufacturing chains for machinery
1928 Completely shifted from the manufacture of bicycle chains to chains for machinery
1931 Began sales via distributors throughout Asia
1937 Delivered a large-scale conveyor plant (commenced Materials Handling Systems Operations)
1938 Constructed and moved to the Tsurumi Plant in Osaka
Japan’s Postwar Reconstruction and High Economic Growth
We developed chains and conveyors for infrastructure development and public-sector investment for postwar reconstruction. We subsequently developed and mass-produced a succession of world-class drive chains and handling systems that underpinned Japan’s high economic growth.
In 1957, in anticipation that the wave of motorization would also come to Japan, we began production of automobile timing chains (Automotive Parts Operations). In 1958, we developed large chain reducers, thereby commencing Power Transmission Units and Components Operations.
Automobile assembly line handling system
The Mid-1940s Onward
1949 Listed shares on the Osaka and Tokyo Stock Exchanges
1950 Exported roller chains to the United States for the first time
1957 Began production of automobile timing chains (commenced Automotive Parts Operations)
1958 Developed large chain reducers (commenced Power Transmission Units and Components Operations)
1962 Completed construction of Saitama Plant
Drastic Change in the Industrial Structure
Responding to drastic change in Japan’s industrial structure as it shifted from heavy to light and small industry, we developed highly functional and precise chains, mechatronics, and factory automation-related systems. As we entered the 1980s, we engaged in belt production while developing smaller and lighter timing chains, amid a shift in automobile engine timing chain systems from chains to belts.
In this period, we launched local production of chains for machinery and timing chains in North America.
A double plus chain
The 1970s Onward
1970 Established a joint venture company in Taiwan (first overseas base)
1971 Established Tsubakimoto USA, Inc. (later U.S. Tsubaki Holdings, Inc.) in the U.S., entering
the North American market
1972 Established a sales company in the Netherlands. Later established sales companies in Canada and the Asian region
1986 U.S. Tsubaki Holdings, Inc. (UST) acquired a chain manufacturing company. Began production of chains for machinery in the U.S.
1989 Began local production of timing chains at UST in the U.S.
      28 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

   Diversification of Social Value and Rise of CSV Awareness
Amid growing awareness of CSV activities emphasizing the resolution of social and environmental problems, we accelerated the development of eco products (SDG-oriented products) that help customers reduce their environmental impact and improve their economic performance. Tsubaki developed high-value-added products that became hit products, such as Zip Chain Lifters using zip chains (meshing-type chains) uniquely developed by the Company, low-friction type timing chains, and LaboStocker (automated storage system) for storing samples for use by research institutions for drug discovery, DNA, and other purposes.
As part of our efforts to enter new fields, we are providing new solutions that include agribusiness, power supply systems, and monitoring business. In addition, we are steadily carrying out product development and social contribution activities that contribute to preventing the spread of COVID-19, based on the perspective of the SDGs. Please see page 32 for details
Zip Chain Lifter LaboStocker
   The Development of Globalization
 Amid domestic economic stagnation stemming from the collapse of the bubble economy, we constructed the Kyotanabe Plant. The chain factory transferred all operations to the new plant. In a challenging management environment, we made concerted efforts to improve productivity and reduce fixed costs.
At the same time, we expanded our sales and manufacturing bases to increase our business globally. In Automotive Parts Operations, we rapidly increased the global market share of our timing chain systems by strengthening our production supply system for uniform quality worldwide and developing new products.
Automotive parts production in North America
  The 1990s Onward
1992 Our roller chains plant obtained ISO 9001 certification (a first in the chain industry)
2001 Completed construction of Kyotanabe Plant
2002 Established a manufacturing subsidiary for
automotive parts in Thailand (Automotive Parts Operations became a 12-plant production system in eight countries worldwide in 2016)
2004 Introduced the executive officer system
2004 All Tsubaki Group worksites in Japan obtain ISO 14001 certification
From the Second Half of the 2000s to the Present
2010 Converted Kabelschlepp GmbH, a German manufacturer and seller of cable carriers, into a consolidated subsidiary
2012 Converted Mayfran Holdings, Inc., a manufacturer and seller of chip conveyors, into a consolidated subsidiary
Established a chain manufacturing subsidiary in Tianjin, China
2017 100th anniversary of founding. Strengthened Group capabilities through establishment of new
corporate philosophy, “Tsubaki Spirit”
2018 Converted Central Conveyor Company, LLC of the U.S., a manufacturer and seller of materials
handling systems, into a consolidated subsidiary
2019 Completely separated strategy formulation and oversight (Board of Directors) from business
execution
2020 Established the Tsubaki Group Basic Policy on Sustainability
2020 Introduced an age 65 retirement system to promote the active participation of seniors 2020 Joined the “IP Open Access Declaration against COVID-19” as a founding member
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 29
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Snapshot of Tsubaki
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights (Consolidated)
1. Sales and income declined as the market environments of the chains, power transmission units, and automotive parts businesses deteriorated due to global economic contraction and other factors from the second half of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
2. The financial base remained solid, with the equity ratio on March 31, 2020 up 2.5 percentage points from the previous fiscal year-end while maintaining the D/E ratio (net) at the low level of less than 0.1 times.
3. Achieved a dividend payout of over 30%, the Company’s standard for dividends, for the fourth consecutive
   Net Sales / Ratio of Overseas Sales
Operating Income / Operating Income Margin
(Billions of Yen)
(Billions of Yen)
(%)
100 226.4 75
50
(%)
280 210 140
238.5
21.5
21.6
20.6
21.7
15 12
  203.9
198.7
215.7
year since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (FYE 2020 ratio was 38.9%).
   54.5
54.9
55.5
59.4
57.4
70 0000
25
20
15 9 10 6
10.6
 25
(FYE) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FYE) Operating Income (left) Operating Income Margin (right)
9.6
53
16.1
   7.1
    2016 2017 2018 2019
Net Sales (left) Ratio of Overseas Sales (right)
Equity Ratio / ROE
2020
  (%)
80 60 40
Net Interest-Bearing Debt / D/E Ratio (Net)
(%) (Billions of Yen) 20 15.0
55.9 57.1 59.2 56.8 59.3 15 10.0 8.3
7.6
0.04
2019
(Times)
0.15
10.1 0.10
0.05
0
-0.05
-0.10
2020 (FYE)
(%)
120.0 50
40
30
20
10
0
2020 (FYE)
 0.06
  9.0 9.9
9.2 8.1
10
5.0
0 0.06 0.4
 0
Cash Flows
(Billions of Yen)
30 25.4 27.6 20 19.0 12.0 10.2
10 5.4 0
-5.0 0 -10.0
(FYE)
6.7
-0.03
-5.1
2018
  20 5
0.00
2017
  2016 2017 2018
2019
24.1
-7.8 -32.0
2020
20.2 6.0
-14.2
2016
Equity Ratio (left) ROE (right)
Net Interest-Bearing Debt (left)
D/E Ratio (Net) (right)
  Dividends per Share* / Payout Ratio (Yen)
   33.0
38.9
    30
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Key Points of Financial Activities
   -10
-20 -13.5 -13.4
125 100 75 50 25 0
29.3
20.0
2016
30.8 31.0
100th anniversary commemorative dividend of ¥2.0
24.0 24.0
2017 2018
120.0
2019
-30 -17.3 -40
  2016 2017 2018
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Free Cash Flow
2019
2020
(FYE)
Net Cash Used in Investing Activities
Dividends per Share (left)
Payout Ratio (right)
10.9
* Consolidated common shares at the ratio of five shares to one share on October 1, 2018. The share dividend amount shown for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was calculated based on this share consolidation.
9.1

 Key Points of Non-Financial Activities
1. Expanded the employment of diverse human resources, regardless of nationality or gender.
2. Maintained a frequency rate for industrial accidents (domestic) of less than half in comparison with the
average industrial accident rate in the domestic manufacturing industry.
3. Significantly reduced total CO2 emissions and total domestic waste emissions.
  Number of Employees / Ratio of Overseas Employees
Industrial Accident Status (domestic)
(People)
10,000 7,500 5,000 2,500
(%)
100 75 50 25
(%)
8,358
8,818
8,733
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5 0.41
  7,579 50
7,886
  000 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FYE)
98.1
5,774
98.7
6,607
98.7
6,932
97.9
6,892
97.6 (%) 100
(Products)
28
21 20 14
52
54
55
54
1.06 1.15 1.02
0.69 0.00
2016 2017 2018
Industrial accident rate (frequency rate)
Total CO2 Emissions*
(ton-CO2)
80,000 74,930 74,107 71,351
68,706
1.20 1.20
    0.66
2019 2020
0.53
    Japan (left)
Overseas (left) Ratio of Overseas Employees (right)
Number of Female Employees in Managerial Roles and Ratio of Female Employees in Senior Roles (domestic)*
(People) (%) 25 5
4.1
20 3.54 3.3 3.2
7
60,000 40,000 20,000
63,638
Domestic manufacturing industry average
(FYE)
        15 2.6 10
45,362 47,244
3 9 10 9 10 2 51
45,455
     000
    2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Number of women in middle management and above (left) Ratio of female employees in senior roles (right)
* As of April 1 for each year from 2016 to 2020.
2016 2017
Japan (11 major manufacturing bases)
2020 (FYE) Overseas (14 major manufacturing bases)
(FYE)
2018 2019
 Total Waste Emissions / Recycling Rate (domestic)
emissions factors
Eco Products (New Products): Number of Products Launched / Ratio of Net Sales
* The CO2 emissions factors for electricity are as follows.
Domestic: The “basic emission coefficient” of the “emission coefficient by electric utility”
published by the Ministry of the Environment.
Overseas: International Energy Agency (IEA), Emissions Factors (2018 edition), 2016 CO2
 (%)
80 60 40 20
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FYE) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FYE)
(ton)
10,000 7,500 5,000 2,500
Total domestic waste emissions (left) Recycling rate (right) Eco Products (New Products): Number of Products Launched (left) Ratio of Eco Products to Net Sales (right)
    6,018
75 50 25
17
22
23
21
       24.0
26.0
30.0
31.3
31.0
 7 0000
    TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
31
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Snapshot of Tsubaki
Taking on the Challenge of New Value Creation
Taking the craft of manufacturing to new heights. Centered on fields in which it can contribute to resolving social issues,
the Tsubaki Group will continually take on
Systems for Plant Factories
Proposing the Automation of Plant Factories
Leveraging our unique technologies suited to cultivating plants, we propose the automation of plant factories in agribusiness. We propose systems suited to the cultivation process, such as automatic seedling transplanters that precisely transplant cultivated seedlings, and lifters that efficiently deposit them on and retrieve them from multi-stage growing shelves. By spurring innovation at plant factories, we will address the social need for the improvement of productivity and the safe, reliable, and stable supply of plants that are less susceptible to the influence of the weather.
the challenge of creating new value.
Power Supply System
V2X Bi-Directional EV Charging System (eLINK)
eLINK is a bi-directional charging system that bi-directionally connects electric vehicles (EV) with the power grids of buildings, factories, public facilities, and other places. We are seeing an expansion in the scope of the utilization of eLINK, including its use at virtual power plant (VPP) resources, in addition to its use in emergency power supplies and peak cutting for the normal power supply at normal times. We launched a further upgraded version in 2019 and aim to contribute to the establishment of next-generation energy and social systems through this product.
Monitoring System
MitaMon Starter Kit—IoT-Enabled Remote Monitoring Package
The MitaMon Starter Kit is a packaged product that facilitates the ready introduction of an IoT system by attaching it to a three-colored stack light, such as a revolving warning light. Connecting to this product’s small server from a PC or smartphone enables this product to contribute to improving productivity in ways that include remote monitoring of the operational status of equipment and allowing the understanding of production site conditions in real time. In the second half of the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2021, we plan to launch an enhanced version that realizes the visualization of more detailed operational status.
       Pick Up !
 Participation in the “IP Open Access Declaration against COVID-19” to Prevent the Spread
of COVID-19
We have joined the “IP Open Access Declaration against COVID-19” with the aim of preventing the spread of COVID-19. In order to prevent the rampant spread of the virus, governments, industries, and academia must cooperate to advance the development and manufacture of a range of measures, including therapeutic medicines, vaccines, medical equipment, and products to prevent infection. To that end, we are making the rights for patents, utility models, design patents, and copyrights held by our life science business freely available for a certain period.
In June 2020, we donated Automated Liquid Handling & Dispensing System for research on therapeutic medicines for COVID-19 to Kitasato University’s Omura Satoshi Memorial Institute. This donation will automate the dispensing of the high-concentration COVID-19 virus and of manual processes, thereby contributing greatly to a significant reduction in accidents caused by the leakage of infectious samples and other issues and infection risks for researchers.
  32 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

       Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance
34 TheTsubaki Group’s Growth Strategies and Performance
36 Review of Sales and Growth Strategies by Business Operation
44 FYE 2020Topics
Driving the World... and the Future
        TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 33
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance
The Tsubaki Group’s Growth Strategies and Performance
  Progress of the Mid-Term Management Plan and Review
Since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, the Tsubaki Group has consistently worked to strengthen its foundation as a manufacturer in ways that include high-value-added product development, innovative and efficient production reforms, and global optimized production through three mid-term management plans, the Mid-Term Management Plan 2012, Mid-Term Management Plan 2016, and Mid-Term Management Plan 2020. These steady efforts are in line with our consistent strategy of strengthening our foundation to achieve sustainable growth from a long-term perspective. At the same time, the external environment has become more challenging and uncertain because of intensifying trade friction between the United States and China, the outbreak of COVID-19, and other issues. Under these conditions, we are accelerating our existing initiatives while formulating a new long-term vision and Mid-Term Management Plan, unswayed by the fixed ideas of our existing businesses.
(Billions of Yen)
300
200
100
0
Strengthening management foundations
Net Sales (left) Operating Income (right) Percentage of Overseas Sales
NumericalTargets and Performance
   138.2 144.8 11.0 12.0
150.0 12.5
      42%
39%
 2011 2012 2013
Mid-Term Management Plan 2012 (FYE 2011 to FYE 2013)
Background and Aims
In light of recording decreases in sales and income for two consecutive years starting with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009 as a result of the impact of the 2008 global financial crisis, we focused on measures including increasing added value and promoting global optimized production through reinforcing our earnings base and offering solutions.
Principal Targets and Rate of Achievement
Consolidated net sales ¥150.0 billion (100% rate of achievement) Consolidated operating income ¥13.5 billion (93.2% rate of achievement)
Review
• Made progress in bolstering our earnings base by improving productivity and reducing costs.
• Operating income margin recovered, rising from 4.2% in FYE 2010 to 8.4% in FYE 2013.
• Strengthened development of eco products with distinctive characteristics in environmental and economic performance.
• Conducted two M&A transactions in Chain Operations and Materials Handling Systems Operations and advanced the globalization of our operations as Chain Operations and Materials Handling Systems Operations newly established manufacturing bases in China and Indonesia, respectively.
• At the same time, operating income was lower than expected by approximately 7% because of yen appreciation, the Great East Japan Earthquake, flooding in Thailand, and other factors.
     34 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
44%
 
               53%
54%
55%
55%
56%
59%
57%
  178.0 17.3
2014
21.4 21.5
21.6
20.6
21.7
196.7 203.9 198.7
238.5 215.7
226.4
16.1
Strengthening value creation foundations with the aim of realizing the vision of becoming a leading global company
(Billions of Yen)
36 30
190.5 24 18
  12
6
0 2021 (FYE)
(Forecast)
 6.6
 2015 2016
Mid-Term Management Plan 2016 (FYE 2015 to FYE 2017)
2017
2018
2019 2020
  Background and Aims
Background and Aims
Aiming to realize our vision of becoming a leading global company, we continued to respond exhaustively to market needs and leveraged our comprehensive strengths.
Principal Targets and Rate of Achievement
Consolidated net sales ¥280.0 billion* Consolidated operating income ¥28.0 billion*
Review
• Chain Operations bolstered its earnings base through continual productivity improvement activities.
• Power Transmission Units and Components Operations executed the removal of certain low margin products from its lineup and embarked on structural reforms with an emphasis on market share and profitability.
• Materials Handling Systems Operations conducted overseas M&As. The business accelerated the development of new technologies in automatic sorting and the life science field.
• Automotive Parts Operations has seen a slowdown since FYE 2018 due to the global downturn in automobile production volumes, in addition to the burden of depreciation and amortization accompanying proactive investments in global manufacturing bases from a long-term perspective.
* Figure after revision in May 2019. The Company’s
business results forecast for FYE 2021 that was
announced in July 2020 is as shown in the graph. TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 35
Mid-Term Management Plan 2020 (FYE 2018 to FYE 2021)
  In Chain Operations and Power Transmission Units and Components Operations, we exhaustively strengthened our ability to respond to needs that differ from one market to another. Breaking down vertical barriers by business, we worked to leverage our collective strengths. We continued to make progress in bolstering our earnings base.
Principal Targets and Rate of Achievement
Consolidated net sales ¥220.0 billion (90.3% rate of achievement) Consolidated operating income ¥22.0 billion (98.4% rate of achievement)
Review
• Net sales grew steadily thanks to continual development of products with added value. In the final year of the Mid-Term Management Plan (FYE 2017), operating income increased slightly due to production reforms and other factors, despite a decline in sales as a result of factors including yen appreciation and the slowdown in the Chinese economy.
• During this Mid-Term Management Plan, the operating income margin grew from 8.1% to 11.7%, as productivity improvement was particularly pronounced in Chain Operations. Also promoted global optimized production from a medium- to long-term perspective.
• In Automotive Parts Operations, built new plants in South Korea, Tianjin in China, and the Czech Republic. Bolstered global production and supply system.
    Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance
Review of Sales and Growth Strategies by Business Operation
Chain Operations
Promotion of Market Strategy × Product Strategy Matrix Business Operations and Reinforcement of Monozukuri Foundations
Yasushi Nagai
Senior Executive Officer Chain Operations General Manager, Chain Manufacturing
Strengths
•Technological superiority for chains as exemplified by fatigue strength and wear resistance
• Application technologies that address a variety of needs and stable supply capability
Review of the Fiscal Year Ended
March 31, 2020
Achievements in Terms of Strategies Aimed at Medium- to Long-Term Growth amidst a Decline in Sales and Income
The consolidated financial results for Chain Operations in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, were net sales of ¥67.5 billion, down 6.2% year on year, and operating income of ¥8.4 billion, down 18.3% year on year.
In Japan, solid maintenance demand from customers in the manufacturing industry was accompanied by firm sales of conveyor chains. However, sales of drive chains decreased due to the sluggish economy. In the Americas, revenues declined as a result of inventory adjustments by distributors.
In China, meanwhile, sales were relatively strong and revenue increased, despite the severe business environment that is seeing an economic slowdown. The production efficiency and environment-friendliness of the local manufacturing industry is being promoted as a national policy in China. Accordingly, demand is shifting to highly functional chains with outstanding performance in terms of wear resistance, fatigue strength, and environmental performance. We established a manufacturing subsidiary in China in 2012 and have promoted its superiority in terms of performance and quality to customers in the country. These efforts have steadily borne fruit, and our manufacturing subsidiary in Tianjin achieved profitability in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
In Europe, although we have in recent years proactively advanced the market launch of new products in compliance with local British Standards (BS), we made progress in developing new customers for large-sized drive chains in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. However, our plan to expand our share of the conveyor chain market in Europe, a key strategy for the region, did not produce the results we had expected. Going forward, we will augment our engineering response capabilities in Europe by dispatching engineers from Japan. Thus, we will raise our market share.
    Opportunities
Growth in customer demand for productivity improvements and environment-friendliness
Threats & Weaknesses
Issues in integrating our market response with our product strategy
 Performance Trends
(Billions of yen)
(%)
20
67.5 15
10
5
90
60
30
72.0
  55.8
61.7 63.9
67.3
60.6
00 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FYE)
12.6
14.3
  12.4
  8.1
9.6
11.7
 6.7
 Net Sales (left) Operating Income Margin (right)
36 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

  Growth Strategies Going Forward Promotion of Matrix-Type Business Operations Combining Market Strategies and Product Strategies In recent years, We have focused on subdividing the global market and accurately identifying needs that differ from one market to another. Going forward, to carry out our strategies for each market, we will promote matrix-type business operations combining market strategies and product strategies, whereby Japan (Kyotanabe Plant) facilitates the development and supply of products that are suitable for each strategy.
Product strategies include strategies of deciding the manufacturing base from which to supply products and parts. In order to realize the supply of products tailored to price requirements that differ from one market to another, leveraging our global manufacturing bases to the fullest extent will be indispensable to achieving further growth. Development of Business in Emerging Countries other than China
In China, we are seeing a shift to highly functional chains, for which we have particular competence, in tandem with economic development, as I have already explained. We are also seeing similar trends in other emerging countries, including India. To address customer needs for
Drive chains
highly functional chains, we will proactively promote the competitive advantages of our products, centered on our sales base in India.
Acceleration of Product DevelopmentTailored to an Expanded Customer Base
The customer base for our chain business is exceptionally broad. Developing new products that promote high added value for customer segments that are resilient to economic downturns will help stabilize our business performance. For example, there is a highly corrosion resistant type of stainless steel chain that is used in the food, pharmaceutical, chemical and other industries. We are in the process of developing a new product that offers further improved strength and durability. In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, we will sequentially launch this product onto the market.
   Contributing to SDGs Solutions from Chain Operations
 Tackling Next-Generation Monozukuri and Reviewing Quality The Manufacturing Innovation in Kyotanabe 2018 (MIK2018) activities
achieved a 30% improvement in productivity compared with the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2014. From the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we
 embarked on lean manufacturing in Kyotanabe 2025 (LinK2025) to take on
the challenge of realizing a next-generation monozukuri (manufacturing)
plant. Under this challenge, we will aim to create a new type of
manufacturing that encompasses indirect operations by linking all
processes—from estimates to design, production and delivery—through
information. By fully leveraging robots, AI, and the Internet of Things (IoT)
technologies, we will free employees from physically burdensome and monotonous work and realize a plant with no losses, based on automation.
At the Kyotanabe Plant, we are advancing the re-examination of four themes with the goal of realizing high-quality monozukuri. The first is to exhaustively match the commercialization of products with customer needs in the upstream process. The second is to further strengthen quality management of the production process through automation and mechanization of the plant. The third is to thoroughly enforce compliance with rules in aspects involving people. Finally, the fourth is to verify how a product’s functions are being exercised after it has been delivered and reflect that information into product development going forward. In these ways, we are consolidating our position as the world’s leading chain manufacturer by taking on the challenge of realizing a cutting-edge monozukuri plant and stubbornly working to strengthen quality.
Manufacturing innovations at Kyotanabe Plant
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 37
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance
Review of Sales and Growth Strategies by Business Operation
PowerTransmission Units and Components Operations
Second Stage of Structural Reform Aiming for Growth through Selection and Concentration
Review of the Fiscal Year Ended
March 31, 2020
While Sales and Income Declined due to the Economic Slowdown, Signs of Progress Emerged for Key Strategic Products
The consolidated financial results for Power Transmission Units and Components Operations in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, were net sales of ¥23.8 billion, down 6.9% year on year, and operating income of 2.1 billion, down 34.5% year on year. By region, although sales were relatively solid in the Americas and the Indian Ocean Rim, sales of products for the Japanese and Chinese markets decreased due to the impact of the economic slowdown.
In Power Transmission Units and Components Operations, with the goal of concentrating management resources on a product lineup with a high level of competitiveness and growth potential, we implemented structural reform boldly revising our product lineup. The decrease in sales in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 includes sales for low-margin products from which we will withdraw through this structural reform.
Although the economic slowdown and strategic revision of our product lineup prompted a decline in sales and income, the steady increase in sales of our module products, which we have positioned as a strategic product to drive the medium- to long-term growth of Power Transmission Units and Components Operations, was a major achievement in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
In comparison with hydraulic drive lifters, the lifting equipment leveraging Zip Chain* that was developed by Tsubaki has a variety of added value, such as suitability for high-speed, high-frequency operation, high stopping precision, and less use of space (affording a high degree of layout freedom). These features have been well-received by users, and adoption of this lifting equipment is increasing in a wide range of fields.
* A revolutionary chain consisting of two chains that interlock in a zipper-like fashion to form a single, strong column to perform pushing and pulling motions.
Growth Strategies Going Forward
In Power Transmission Units and Components Operations, we have adopted a basic strategy of achieving growth. To that end, we are fundamentally revising our product lineup and concentrating management resources on products with higher added value and high growth potential. In the fiscal year ended
 Hiromasa Kawaguchi
Senior Managing
Executive Officer Power Transmission Units and Components Operations
  Strengths
Solutions and customizing capabilities that address a variety of customer needs (product variation)
Opportunities
Growth in demand for high-performance actuators, controllers, and detectors accompanying the growth in automation and labor saving machines
  Threats & Weaknesses
Negative impact on profitability and capital efficiency brought about by an overabundance of products and components
Performance Trends
(Billions of yen)
30
21.6 22.5 21.9 21.5 20
10
24.1
25.5
(%)
20
15
10
5
 23.8
      10.5
10.6
11.0
10.3
00 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FYE)
Net Sales (left) Operating Income Margin (right)
12.7
13.1
9.2
 38 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

 March 31, 2020, we largely completed our withdrawal from selected products. Moreover, from the perspective of efficiency, we plan to complete the transfer of production of these products to subsidiaries and other business divisions during the first half of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021. Going forward, we will advance the structural reform in Power Transmission Units and Components Operations to its second stage, in which we will concentrate management resources in promising businesses and products and improve productivity (a 30% improvement by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, compared with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014). The products and new business fields on which we will concentrate management resources are as follows. 1. Module Products (Zip Chain Modules)
Lifting and linear actuator equipment leveraging Zip Chain has won recognition for its superiority in terms of performance, and application of this equipment is increasing across all industries. To roll out this product globally in a similar fashion as we have done for cam clutches, we are developing a semi-knocked-down production system in North America, China, and other countries and regions.
2. Cam Clutches
Cam Clutches are a core product of Power Transmission Units and Components Operations with an overwhelming share of the Japanese market. We have bolstered the semi-knocked-down production system for Cam Clutches of Tsubaki overseas sites in recent years and will market this product on a global basis.
3. Motorcycle Starter Clutches
In the market for medium- and large-sized motorcycles, Tsubaki’s motorcycle starter clutches have a global share of approximately 30%. We are targeting a global share of 40%
Cam clutches
Zip Chain Actuator®
 over the medium motorcycles in medium- to -long term by reinforcing local production in India, the largest market.
4. DC Brushless Motor-Related Products
DC brushless motors use an electronic circuit (driver) to carry out stable speed control without the need for maintenance caused by electrode (brush) wear. In recent years, they have been adopted in a broad range of applications, including safety barriers on train station platforms and watertight doors for underground buildings. We will increase sales by using our competitive edge in modularization, including for controllers, which is one of our strengths.
5.Taking on Challenges in New Business Fields
Programming and integration tailored to a diverse array of customer needs are key growth factors in the field of collaborative robots, which are based on collaboration with humans. As such, this is a field in which Tsubaki—which deploys its customizing capabilities as an asset—has particular competences. The Group will invest the management resources it obtains through the revision of its product lineup in the development of this new field.
 Contributing to SDGs Solutions from PowerTransmission Units and Components Operations
 IoT-Enabled Gear Motor with Self-Disconnecting Function
It is thought that the shift to smart factories leveraging Internet of Things (IoT) technologies will rapidly progress in the post-COVID-19 economy. These
technologies will realize predictive maintenance by detecting load changes in
machinery and equipment inside factories without the need to install extensive systems. Tsubaki has developed a unit equipped with high precision power, temperature, and vibration sensors on a general purpose gear motor. In addition to functions for monitoring load changes in machinery and equipment, we integrated remote operational monitoring and understanding through connection to a network.
We will contribute to customers’ efforts to introduce IoT products by leveraging our strength in terms of offering a wide-ranging product lineup in the Motion & Control field.
IoT-Enabled Gear Motor with Self-Disconnecting Function
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 39
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance
Review of Sales and Growth Strategies by Business Operation
Automotive Parts Operations
Thorough Reinforcement of Our Earnings Base
Review of the Fiscal Year Ended
March 31, 2020
Shift to a Severe Business Environment due to Stagnant Automobile Production
The consolidated financial results for Automotive Parts Operations in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, were net sales of ¥70.9 billion, down 10.2% year on year, and operating income of ¥5.7 billion, down 33.7% year on year. Production in the automobile industry, the customer for Automotive Parts Operations, was sluggish throughout the year due to the slowdown in demand for automobiles.
In Japan, the impact of the consumption tax hike became increasingly apparent from the second half of the fiscal year. Overseas, a significant slump in automobile sales in the Chinese market and attendant reduction in production continued. However, while total demand for automobiles was robust in the United States market as recovery in demand for large vehicles progressed due to falling gasoline prices, the market for small- and medium-sized vehicles was stagnant.
On the other hand, conditions for orders of timing chain systems for new-model engines were relatively strong. Local automobile manufacturers in China are accelerating the development of new-model engines with outstanding environmental performance and quality, and we are seeing an increasing preference for high-grade components. We were able to obtain several orders by proactively carrying out precise proposal activities offering added value. We also obtained orders for new projects that we had targeted in the Japanese market. Meanwhile, amid an overall downturn for new projects in the European market, we have received orders for relatively large projects.
Growth Strategies Going Forward Thorough Cost Management and Promotion of Production Optimization and Efficiency
From a medium- to long-term perspective, Automotive Parts Operations have to date promoted the augmentation of production capacity capable of stable supply on a long-term basis and expansion of local production. However, demand for automobiles continues to be stagnant. As we cannot expect a sudden recovery in demand, we will thoroughly conduct business operations with a focus on maintaining profitability and improving production efficiency.
and Developm
Sources
Masaki Miyaji
Senior Executive Officer Automotive Parts Operations
m
e
e
s
n
n
t
o
t
o
f
N
f
N
e
e
x
x
t
t
-
-
G
G
e
e
n
n
e
e
r
r
a
a
t
t
i
i
o
o
n
E
n
E
a
a
r
r
n
n
i
i
n
n
g
g
s
    Strengths
• High level of reliability in terms of environmental performance and quality
•The world’s only manufacturer that can handle two types of timing chains
Opportunities
Growth in demand for components that contribute to improvements in the environmental performance of automobiles
Threats & Weaknesses
• Short-term issue: Maintaining profitability in a period of sluggish demand for automobiles
• Medium- to long-term issue: Development of next-generation products
  Performance Trends
(Billions of yen)
(%)
40
70.9 30 20
10
100
75
50
25
73.4 75.1
79.5 78.9
    66.9 60.6
   16.7
17.8
16.7
16.5
00 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FYE)
Net Sales (left) Operating Income Margin (right)
From the standpoint of improving profitability, we will
to follow timing chains
12.9
11.1
8.2
 40
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

 quickly move to reduce fixed costs. For unprofitable projects, we are promoting initiatives to improve profitability by exhaustively revising processing methods and overengineering, and these efforts are beginning to produce results beyond our expectations. In addition, from the standpoint of overall optimization, we are raising production efficiency in ways that include advancing optimization of global production and making effective use of older equipment.
Early Development of Our Next Mainstay Products We are also focusing on the development of next- generation mainstay products to follow our timing chains. In transmission-related products, power drive chains used in the transfer cases of four-wheel-drive vehicles are one such example. Tsubaki is a latecomer to this market, and, although it has gradually increased its presence therein, its global share is only around 15%. We will raise this share by making the most of the superiority of our drive chains in terms of their strength, low noise, and other features.
In addition, we developed Enedrive Chain used in regenerative braking and auxiliary drive systems and continue to propose it to various manufacturers in Japan and overseas.
We expect that it will take time for these efforts to produce results. However, the trend for improved environmental performance in automobiles is accelerating and the role played by component and system manufacturers will become increasingly significant. To further bolster our technological development base and proposal sales capabilities, we intend to continue to invest steadily in these fields.
Power drive chains
 Enedrive® Chain
  Contributing to SDGs Solutions from Automotive Parts Operations
 Operation of an Era-Leading New Plant for Automation and Environmental Friendliness
The Saitama Plant serves as the mother plant of Automotive Parts Operations, which carries out production in eight countries worldwide. At the plant, we completed a new production facility for tensioners—a timing chain system component—and this factory has been fully operational since the second half of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
At the new factory, we have realized the automation of production and distribution and installed a production system leveraging AI and the IoT, as we aim to improve productivity by 30%. It is also an ecological factory, where we have installed a solar power generation system and energy-saving equipment for lighting and air conditioning as well as greening the rooftop. Besides its products, Tsubaki will heighten its contribution to society through monozukuri and grow to be a company with a significant presence.
 The new tensioner factory
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 41
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance
Review of Sales and Growth Strategies by Business Operation
Materials Handling Systems Operations
Toward Further Growth Based on Technological Superiority
Review of the Fiscal Year Ended
March 31, 2020
Strong Business Performance Centered on Automatic Sorting Equipment and Bulk Handling Systems
The consolidated financial results for Materials Handling Systems Operations in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, were net sales of ¥64.2 billion, up 3.9% year on year, and operating income of ¥0.6 billion, up 60.6% year on year. Today, amid a dramatic increase in distribution volumes following the growth of the e-commerce industry demand for high-performance sorting equipment that contributes to automation and labor-saving continues to increase. Although we have earned high praise for our automatic sorting equipment, we have in recent years promoted further differentiation in terms of speed and sorting accuracy. At the same time, we have developed multi-level automatic sorting equipment that can sort large quantities of parcels even in small spaces. In these ways, we have focused on strengthening the competitiveness of our automatic sorting equipment.
These efforts resulted in robust sales of automatic sorting machines in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, particularly in the Japanese market. Meanwhile, to conduct our business activities effectively in the Chinese market with finite management resources, we focused on module sales of automatic sorting equipment. This strategy proved successful, and we were able to grow our sales volume in the Chinese market.
Besides automatic sorting equipment, we also saw brisk sales of bulk handling systems. In Japan, sales of conveyors that transport wooden chips, pellets, and other materials grew following an increase in environment- friendly biomass power plants. In the Chinese market, sales of bulk handling systems used in desulfurization and denitrification equipment by steel manufacturers were favorable. Tsubakimoto Bulk Systems Corp., a subsidiary that specializes in bulk handling systems, has continued to deliver strong business growth in recent years and posted record high income in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
Growth Strategies Going Forward MakingTechnology-Differentiated Products a Pillar of Growth
As in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Materials Handling Systems Operations will continue to achieve growth with an emphasis on increasing sales of
  Takatoshi Kim
Systems Operat
m
t
u
u
i
i
ns
o
o
r
r
a
a
 Managing Executive Of
f
fi
fic
c
e
e
r
r
 Materials Hand
d
l
l
g
i
i
n
n
g
 n
s
  Strengths
Ability to provide solutions directly connected to resolving the issues of a wide variety of customers
Opportunities
Growing needs for automation and labor-savings in the fields of production, distribution, and life sciences, as well as the global rise in environmental awareness
Threats & Weaknesses
Profitability and capital efficiency issues stemming from the concentration of heavy investment in growing fields
Performance Trends
(Billions of yen) (%)
75 8 61.8 64.2
    50
39.5
25
45.1 44.3
41.0
44.1
6
4
2
      42
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
3.0
4.3
1.5
1.7
00 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FYE)
Net Sales (left) Operating Income Margin (right)
0.9
0.7
1.0
 
 LABOSTOCKER® Mini Interlocking Plate Delivery System
technologically superior products.
Such products include, automated sorting equipment
that thoroughly addresses automation and labor-saving needs in the distribution industry, and bulk handling systems for equipment that contributes to environmental conservation, including biomass power plants and desulfurization and denitrification equipment.
In addition, from a medium- to long-term perspective, we will focus on increasing the sales and improving the profitability of LaboStocker, an automated cryogenic storage system that we developed independently for the life science field. LaboStocker’s special features include the smooth storage and picking of biological samples in cryogenic environments as low as -150°C / -238°F. This high-value-added product has been well received by pharmaceutical manufacturers and research institutions in Japan. The spread of the COVID-19 pandemic has led to a reaffirmation of the need to ensure the safety of researchers, in addition to the importance of biological sample research and of improvements in the efficiency of research work. Looking ahead, we expect more of the national budget to be allocated to this field.
Further, we received an order for a world-class, state-of-the-art refrigerated storage system with a fully automatic DNA extraction device. To roll out this product
globally, centered on the US market, which is larger than that of Japan, we will promote alliances with other companies in this field in terms of sales and the licensing of technology.
Management Reform of Overseas Subsidiaries and Creation of Group Synergies
Despite the steady increase in sales of products with profitability and growth potential, such as automatic sorting equipment for the distribution industry and bulk handling systems, the operating income margin for Materials Handling Systems Operations stands at 1.0% (percentage for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020). The primary reason for this low operating income margin lies in the deterioration in the performance of a European subsidiary that manufactures and sells chip conveyors and a subsidiary in the United States that develops materials handling equipment for the automobile industry. We will act quickly to carry out structural reform in these two subsidiaries while accelerating the creation of Group synergies in terms of sales, technological development, and other areas. As an example, we are working to increase sales of Zip Chain Lifters, which feature outstanding speed and positioning accuracy, by dividing design and sales between our subsidiaries in the United States.
  Contributing to SDGs Solutions from Materials Handling Systems Operations
 Development of Globally Unrivaled High-Speed, High-Precision AI Image
Recognition Technology
The Materials Handling business provides solutions leading directly to resolving social issues. Addressing labor-saving and automation needs is of particular importance, and we believe that image recognition technology is crucial to providing solutions that offer more added value.
AI AI
 Accordingly, in collaboration with EAGLYS Inc., an AI start-up
company, we have developed AI image recognition technology that
is globally unrivaled in terms of item recognition, accuracy rate, and
recognition speed, We intend to focus on putting this technology into practical use while not only applying it in automatic sorting equipment but also commercializing it in a wide range of areas, such as pharmaceuticals and vegetable factories.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 43
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance
FYE 2020 Topics April 2019
Toward Automated Plants with No Losses or Risks
June 2019
Structural Reforms for Strengthening Corporate Governance
July 2019
Completion of New Tensioner Factory in Saitama Plant
November 2019
Repurchase ofTreasury Stock
March 2020
Development of Globally Unrivaled High-Speed, High- Precision AI Image Recognition Technology
April 2020
Reinforcement of Development Division
Introduction of an Age 65 Retirement System to Promote the Active Participation of Seniors
At the Kyotanabe Plant, we kicked off LinK2025 as new production reform activities. We launched these activities based on the concept of an “automated plant linking information and manufacturing.”
We completely separated strategy formulation and oversight from business execution and established the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an outside director. Through these reforms, we enhanced management transparency and strengthened corporate governance.
We carried out the automation of equipment and realized
the visualization of operational conditions as well as
introducing production systems leveraging the IoT and
AI. We prepared for natural disasters (such as floods and
earthquakes) through measures including the
establishment of rainwater storage tanks under the
building, in addition to environment-friendly measures such as a solar power generation system, utilization of energy-saving equipment, and roof greening. In these ways, we strengthened both productivity improvements and our environmental response.
To pursue flexible capital policies, we repurchased treasury stock through the Off-Auction Own Share Repurchase Trading System (ToSTNeT-3)
Labor shortages in distribution centers have become increasingly acute in tandem with expansion in the e-commerce industry. In particular, we are seeing a rise in needs for efficiency and laborsaving needs in picking work. In response to these needs, we developed globally unrivaled high-speed, high-precision AI image recognition technology that makes extensive use of AI as a key technology for the
       unmanned non-barcode and picking operations and the automotive products business, while the Technology and Research Development is in charge of the development of advanced and foundation technologies. We assigned officers to take charge of these divisions and strengthened our development system.
Barcode reading that needs to be done manually
 We divided the Development & Technology Center into New Business Planning & Development and Technology & Research Development. New Business Planning & Development is in charge of the development of new products and businesses in addition to the development of the agribusiness, the Power Conditioning System (PCS) business, and the automotive products business, while Technology & Research Development is in charge of the development of advanced and foundation technologies. We assigned officers to take charge of these divisions and strengthened our development system.
Amid the decline in the productive population due to the falling birthrate and aging society, Tsubakimoto Chain introduced an Age 65 Retirement System that raises the retirement age from 60 to 65 years old, as part of its efforts to create a workplace environment where diverse human resources can actively participate.
 44 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

       Tsubaki’s Sustainability
46 Corporate Governance 52 The Environment
56 Society
66 Technology
Driving the World... and the Future
        TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 45
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Corporate Governance
 Corporate Governance
The Company regards strengthening corporate governance to realize its basic policy of creating value for customers and contributing to society as one of the most important tasks of business management. The Group has
formulated this approach into the basic policy stated below and is working to realize this policy and enhance corporate governance.
Please see our website for details on our basic policy on corporate governance. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/governance/corporate/
Corporate Governance System (As of June 26, 2020)
General Meeting of Shareholders
  Appoint or dismiss
Appoint or dismiss
Appoint or dismiss
    Audit & Supervisory
Board
4 Audit & Supervisory Board members
Inside Outside Members Members 22
Audit
Board of Directors 8 directors
(Chairman: CEO)
Inside Outside Directors 5 Directors 3
Consult Recommend
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Committee Chairman: Outside Director
           Internal Auditing Department
  Cooperate
Audit
Overview of Corporate Governance System (As of June 26, 2020) Company with Auditors
Chairman of Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
8 (of which 3 are outside directors)
4 (of which 2 are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
3 outside directors and 2 outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
14 17
2
¥285 million paid to 7 directors
¥47 million paid to 3 Audit & Supervisory Board members (decided by the Audit & Supervisory Board)
Instruct/Supervise
Appoint
or dismiss, Supervise
Executive Officers 19
Report Supervise Place items on agenda/Report
 Report Supervise
Strategy
Committee
(Chairman: CEO)
   Cooperate Cooperate
COO
Management Committee
(Chairman: COO)
Supervise Report
Report
 Audit
Promote
Internal Control Committee
Committees established for:
• Risk management
• Corporate ethics
• Information security • The environment
• Quality
• Health and safety etc.
   Independent Auditors
  Divisions / Group Companies
 Organizational structure
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Number of directors
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board members
Independent board members
 Meetings of the Board of Directors
in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Number of meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Total compensation paid to directors in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Total compensation paid to Audit & Supervisory Board members in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Total compensation paid to outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
46 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
¥33 million paid to 5 individuals

 Systems for Decision Making, Strategy Formulation and Operational Execution
The Company clearly separates strategy formulation and oversight from business execution through a system in which the Board of Directors performs strategy formulation and oversight for the Group, and the COO and the Management Committee comprising executive officers conduct business execution in a responsible manner.
The Strategy Committee has been positioned as the second-highest authority in the Company after the Board of Directors. By deliberating on and making decisions regarding important Groupwide business strategies and management policies, this committee facilitates strategy formulation transcending business boundaries to quickly address the issues and needs of society as a whole.
We are also taking steps to expedite management by revising agenda items at committees and expanding the scope of the transfer of authority to lower-ranked committees.
Strengthening of Corporate Governance
• Introduced the executive officer system
• Appointed an outside director
• Increased the number of outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members from one to two
• Introduced the Strategy Committee
• Reformed management system to separate the roles of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Operating Officer (COO)
• Responded to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code
• Increased the number of outside directors from two to three
• Established a business segment headquarters in each business segment, which oversees the business segment and its Group companies in Japan and overseas (transferred to a system in which executive officers serve as general managers of business segments)
• Clearly separated strategy formulation and oversight by the Board of Directors from business execution by executive officers
• Established a Nomination and Remuneration Committee as a voluntary advisory body to the Board of Directors
• Abolished the concurrent serving of directors and executive officers
• Introduced a restricted stock compensation system
 FYE 2005
FYE 2012
FYE 2016
FYE 2018
FYE 2019
FYE 2020
FYE 2021
        Systems to Ensure ManagementTransparency and Flexibility
Systems to ensure management transparency and flexibility include appointing three of eight directors as outside directors. The Group’s outside directors meet the requirements for outside directors pursuant to the
Companies Act of Japan as well as the independence criteria for outside directors (Independent board members) that the financial instruments exchange stipulates. We have established a well-balanced
Reasons for Appointing Outside Directors (Independent board members) and Their Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors
 Name
Reason for appointment
Attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Shuji Abe
Keiichi Ando
Hisae Kitayama
The Company appointed Mr. Abe to receive objective advice concerning its focus on technologies, development, and manufacturing as three core areas based on his wealth of insight and experience as the manager of a manufacturing company.
The Company appointed Mr. Ando to receive objective advice concerning its overall business management based on his wealth of insight and experience as the manager of a financial institution.
The Company appointed Ms. Kitayama to receive objective advice concerning its overall business management based on her long experience as a certified public accountant and high level of expertise regarding corporate accounting.
Attended all 14 meetings
Attended all 14 meetings
—
   Reasons for Appointing Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Independent board members) and Their Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board
 Name
Reason for appointment
 Attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Shozo Seki
Hidefumi Naito
The Company appointed Mr. Seki so that its audit system could benefit from his expertise and knowledge as an attorney.
The Company appointed Mr. Naito so that its audit system could benefit from his expertise and knowledge as an attorney.
Board of Directors Attended all 14 meetings
Attended all 14 meetings
Audit & Supervisory Board Attended all 17 meetings
Attended all 17 meetings
  TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 47
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Corporate Governance
composition that helps enliven discussions at meetings of the Board of Directors, with a highly experienced manager of a manufacturing company, a highly experienced manager of a financial institution, and a certified public accountant possessing a high level of expertise in corporate accounting.
Further, two of the Group’s four Audit & Supervisory Board members are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members (Independent board members). The Group has appointed outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Executive Compensation
Compensation for Directors (Excluding Outside Directors)
Compensation comprises fixed compensation and performance-based compensation. The Company has strengthened the link between compensation for directors and corporate performance by evaluating the contribution of each director to the improvement of consolidated management benchmarks, the level of market capitalization, and the achievement of priority goals.
In addition, in June 2020 the Company introduced a restricted stock compensation system to provide an incentive to directors to continuously improve the Company’s corporate value and promote the further sharing of value with shareholders. Under this system, the Company pays restricted stock as compensation to directors (excluding outside directors), the sale of which is restricted for a certain period (between 3 and 30 years, as determined by the Board of Directors).
In July 2020, based on this system, the Company
who have expertise and extensive experience as attorneys. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, with the goal
of bolstering the independence, objectivity, and accountability of the Board of Directors, we established the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an outside director, as a voluntary advisory body to the Board of Directors. This committee has heightened the objectivity of the process for determining the nomination and remuneration of directors and the appointment and dismissal of the CEO and COO.
allocated restricted stock to eligible directors, with the goal of realizing the sharing of shareholder value over the medium-to-long term. The total amount of monetary compensation claims paid under this system shall be not more than ¥60 million per year.
Compensation for Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Compensation comprises fixed compensation only (as of July 2019). Taking into account market-rate salaries and employees’ salary levels, compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board members is determined in consultation with Audit & Supervisory Board members within the limit resolved at the 99th General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2008.
In addition, the Group abolished bonuses for directors in June 2006, and abolished retirement benefits for directors in June 2008.
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
To raise the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, we have been evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors since 2018. The Company has all of its directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members complete a questionnaire on matters including the Board of Directors’ structure, operation, and agenda items. Based on an analysis and evaluation of the questionnaire results, we have determined that the Board of Directors is functioning effectively.
At the same time, based on the results of the previous evaluation, we received more valuable feedback on
matters such as the further improvement of discussions regarding medium- to long-term management policies and strategies and the setting of agenda items at meetings of the Board of Directors, following management system reforms implemented in June 2019. These reforms included 1) Separation of strategy formulation and oversight from business execution, 2) Establishment of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and 3) Changes to the system of directors. We will continue to examine improvements to further raise the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
48 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

Internal Control System
For the Company and other Group companies, we have formulated internal control regulations and established the Internal Control Committee in accordance with our Basic Policy on Internal Control. The Internal Control Committee is responsible for advancing ongoing initiatives in the following areas that are inclusive of the entire organization and participated in by all employees. (1) Internal control initiatives stipulated by the
Companies Act
We have established an emergency contact system on a global scale to enable information on risks that occur within the Group to be promptly communicated to senior management. We also implement annual risk management status surveys of major subsidiaries in Japan and overseas to ascertain the status of their risk management and follow up on their activities.
(2) Internal control initiatives described in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act
Based on the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, the Group has established internal control initiatives to
Risk Management
To continually maintain and develop our business, it is essential that we fulfill our social responsibility as a corporation while appropriately managing a host of risks that may arise in carrying out our business activities. The Tsubaki Group has established a Basic Risk Management Strategy, under which it strives to prevent the actualization of risks and minimize possible losses by continually identifying and understanding risk factors regarding a host of risks that could significantly impact on management.
We have established several committees under the umbrella of the Internal Control Committee, including the Group Risk Management Committee and those for corporate ethics, information security, the environment, quality, and health and safety. These committees promote risk countermeasures on a Groupwide basis by coordinating among one another to advance various ongoing measures geared toward identifying and evaluating risk factors as well as preventing the
ensure the appropriateness of the preparation process of its consolidated financial statements.
As overseas sales have increased in recent years, the number of overseas subsidiaries covered by these initiatives has increased each year. For this reason, with the aim of quickly introducing these initiatives at overseas subsidiaries, we are taking steps toward establishing related materials for, and the sharing of expertise with, overseas subsidiaries while concentrating efforts on enhancing the efficiency and accuracy of evaluations.
(3) Internal control initiatives conducted by the Group on a voluntary basis
The Group is advancing Tsubaki Internal Control Operation (TICO) initiatives for documenting the procedures of important work in each department. As activities that ensure the appropriateness of controls of risks for each type of work and objectively judge if there is unreasonableness or waste through visualizing important work, the TICO activities play a part in the Group’s important internal control initiatives.
actualization of these risks.
In addition, we have established and are operating an
emergency contact system on a global basis in the event of risk materialization to minimize possible losses. Example of Activities: BCP/Disaster Preparedness Activities
Under the Tsubaki Group Basic BCP Strategy, we are carrying out a variety of disaster preparedness activities in preparation for natural disasters, which have become increasingly common in recent years, and large-scale disasters, which are predicted to occur going forward. These activities include 1) disaster preparedness drills, 2) drills using a safety confirmation system, and 3) stockpiling of disaster preparedness and mitigation items. Placing particular emphasis on initial response to emergencies, we develop our readiness by carrying out simulations on a regular basis.
* BCP: Business Continuity Plan
 Please see our website for more details on our basic risk management strategy. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/governance/riskmanagement/
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 49
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Corporate Governance
Example of Activities: Electronic Information Security
Amid the development of information technology and the growing importance of information assets, enhancing information security as a corporation contributes to the maintenance of customer trust and the wider stability of society. The Group established an Electronic Information Security Policy to codify its policy for protecting all of the information assets it handles from a range of threats. We are working on
organizational measures, including training for employees through e-learning and other methods.
e-learning screens
     Corporate Ethics and Compliance
In implementing its corporate philosophy, the “Tsubaki Spirit”, the Tsubaki Group believes it is important that all executives and employees conduct themselves based on compliance with laws and regulations, ethics, and internal rules. To that end, we have formulated the Corporate Work Ethics, which are a clearly defined set of ethical guidelines, and we are working to raise awareness of corporate ethics through the Corporate Ethics Awareness Month, training, and other efforts.
Implementation and Spread of Compliance
We have designated February of every year as Corporate Ethics Awareness Month, in which Group companies in Japan and overseas take part (in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, 51 companies took part). Guided by the Corporate Work Ethics, and taking into account the laws and customs of each country, we are carrying out
activities aimed at strict compliance with laws and rules. In addition, as a tool to instill the Corporate Work Ethics, we have prepared the Tsubaki Corporate Ethics Handbook in six languages.
Establishment of a Consultation and Reporting Hotline
As an internal reporting system, we have created a system to facilitate anonymous reporting by establishing a Corporate Ethics Hotline that connects to the employee in charge of corporate ethics or an external party (legal adviser). The Corporate
Ethics Hotline deals not
only with Corporate Work
Ethics and violations of
laws and regulations and
internal rules, but also
personal concerns.
A meeting of Corporate Ethics Awareness Month at an overseas subsidiary
  KPIs Regarding Corporate Governance (Risk Management and Compliance)
  Material Issues (Priority Matters)
Number of serious violations of companies regulations
KPIs
Number of companies that participated in Corporate Ethics Awareness Month
Disaster preparedness and evacuation drill implementation rate
Number of serious system incident occurrences
Number of information security accident occurrences
Number of warnings received due to infringement of other companies’ rights
FYE 2020 Results
51 companies
93.7%
0
0
0
0
Target Figure
51 companies
100% (10 business sites)
0
0
0
0
Year of Achievement
 Annually
FYE 2021
Annually
Annually
Annually
Annually
Scope
Global
Global
Domestic
Domestic
Global
Global
     Thorough compliance
Crisis response and Business Continuity Plan
Information security
Prevention of intellectual property infringement
Scope: “Domestic” refers to Tsubakimoto Chain and consolidated subsidiaries in Japan; and “Global” refers to the Company and major subsidiaries in Japan and overseas.
         Contribution to the SDGs
Please see our website for more details on corporate governance. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/governance/
   50 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

      Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers (As of June 26, 2020)
           Front row
Back row
Kenji Kose Yasushi Ohara
Director President and COO Representative
Isamu Osa
Chairman and CEO Representative Director
Hisae Kitayama
Tetsuya Yamamoto
Tadasu Suzuki
Director
Senior Managing Executive Officers
Hiromasa Kawaguchi Tadahiro Otsuki
Shuji Abe
Keiichi Ando
Outside Director
Senior Executive Officers
Masahiko Yamamoto Masaki Miyaji Yasushi Nagai
Director
Director
Outside Director
Outside Director
Managing Executive Officer
Takatoshi Kimura
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Standing)
Koji Tanaka Kazuya Kawasaki
Executive Officers
Nobuaki Haga Atsushi Kumakura Kevin Richard Powers Toshihiro Ageta
Isao Sato
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Outside)
Shozo Seki Hidefumi Naito
Futoshi Tanyama Kazutomo Nakamura Hiromi Ishida Masafumi Okamoto Kozo Inoue
Yasuhiro Akesaka Hisao Nishii Osamu Kawakami
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 51
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Tsubaki’s Sustainability The Environment
 Environmental Management
To contribute to the development of a sustainable society, the Tsubaki Group has established an Environmental Philosophy and a Basic Environmental Policy, under which it works to reduce its environmental burden from a medium- to long-term perspective while proactively developing and offering new products that are SDG-oriented.
  Environmental Philosophy
TheTsubaki Group recognizes that environmental conservation is one of the most important issues shared by humankind, and seriously considers the environment in all aspects of its global business activities and contributes to the “development of a sustainable society” by generating environmental value and economic value through manufacturing.
The Tsubaki Group Basic Environmental Policy
12345
     Reduce environmental impact
Develop and spread Observe laws and other Improve environmental Promote environmental
   We will reduce our CO2 emissions.
Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% or more by 2030 (compared with FYE 2014).
eco-products requirements awareness
Environmental Medium- to Long-TermTargets
We will engage in energy saving and resource recycling.
Realize a recycling-oriented society by minimizing use of natural resources and promoting the reduce, reuse, recycle (“3R”) approach to products.
communication
We will preserve beautiful and abundant nature.
Work to coexist with nature in our regions of operation.
Promotional System
The Tsubaki Group’s environmental management is promoted under the charge of the executive officer in charge of the environment for Tsubakimoto Chain, centered on the Tsubaki Group Environmental Committee. This committee, which is chaired by the executive officer in charge of the environment for Tsubakimoto Chain and comprises plant managers, general managers of business segments, and
long-term perspective. In addition, overseas business sites appoint environment promoting staff who communicate with the employee in charge of environmental promotion for Tsubakimoto Chain (Group Environmental Secretariat).
System for Promoting the Environment
 Tsubaki Group Environmental Committee
   Environment promoting staff
 representatives of each Group company, addresses the Group’s environmental issues from a medium- to
Tsubaki Group Environmental Committee
 SDG-oriented Products Working Group (New Technologies)
 Environmental Key Persons Conference
  SDG-oriented Products Working Group (New Applications)
      Ecofactory Certification System
The Group recognizes that the reduction of CO2 emissions that contribute to climate change, which is a pressing
environmental issue of great concern, is necessary for an environmentally advanced corporation. It also recognizes
52 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
4 affiliates Environmental Management Committee
5 plants and 2 affiliates Environmental Management Committee
Overseas Group companies Environmental Management Committee

  KPIs Regarding the Environment
  Material Issues (Priority Matters)
KPIs
FYE 2020 Results
Target Figure
Year of Achievement
Scope
Climate change mitigation measures (CO2 emissions reductions) and other environmental conservation
Number of violations of environmental laws and regulations
2
0
Annually
Global
Total CO2 emissions (percentage relative to FYE 2014)
85.0%
70% or less
FYE 2031
Domestic
Waste recycling rate
97.6%
99% or more
FYE 2031
Domestic
PRTR-substance emissions
116.5 tons
130.9 tons or less
FYE 2031
Domestic
CDP climate change response boundary rate*
92.6%
90% or more
FYE 2022
Global
         Scope: “Domestic” refers to Tsubakimoto Chain and consolidated subsidiaries in Japan; and “Global” refers to the Company and major subsidiaries in Japan and overseas. * Percentage of responses accounted for by the entire Group on a global basis using the CO2 emissions standard in the fiscal year covered by the CDP survey
Contribution to the SDGs
that resource recycling, such as the reduction of waste and the appropriate management of hazardous chemical substances, in addition to coexistence with nature in ways such as greening and water saving, is essential for such a corporation. Accordingly, the Group is tackling these issues.
Against this backdrop, we established an Eco Factory Certification System that sets management indicators and milestones for each of the three themes of climate
Environmental Performance
Material Flow Chart
change, resource recycling, and coexistence with nature, with the goal of steadily achieving our long-term targets for 2030. We launched activities at domestic business sites in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. Based on the results of those initiatives, the Kyotanabe Plant received the Platinum Award, an internal award for plants that have cleared certain environmental criteria, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
Please see our website for more details on the environment. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/environment/
      The Tsubaki Group understands the impact on the environment of its business activities and strives to reduce its environmental impact. The results of the efforts of 11 of our domestic business sites in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 are as follows.
   Raw materials
Energy
Valuables
21,254t
INPUT
Consumption 55,584t
Business activities
Office
Research and development
Dynamic (wear) testing Machine fabrication
OUTPUT
   Electricity
Heavy oil A
Gasoline
112,738,000kWh
256kl
74kl
Hazardous chemical substances under the PRTR Law
Industrial waste 5,573t Recycle 5,873t General waste 445t Others 145t
       Kerosene 10kl
Production (manufac- turing)
Heat treatment Welding Assembly Painting
Quality inspection
Release/transfer 117t CO2 emissions 63,658t-CO2
360,000m3
   Diesel oil
City gas (excluding cogeneration)
City gas (for cogeneration)
Butane gas
Propane gas
7kl
3,454,000m3
26,000m3
485t
94,000m3
Release into the atmosphere
Release into the water
            Total product manufacturing
  Water
LNG 952,000m3
Consumption 360,000m3
88,214 (Millions of yen)
Implementing business sites: Tsubakimoto Chain (Kyotanabe
Plant, Saitama Plant, Hyogo Plant, Nagaokakyo Plant, Okayama Plant), Tsubakimoto Custom Chain, Tsubakimoto Sprocket, Tsubakimoto Bulk Systems, Tsubakimoto Mayfran, Tsubakimoto Iron Casting, and Tsubaki Yamakyu Chain
Implementing period: April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020
  TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 53
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
The Environment
Environmental Accounting
In order to engage efficiently in environmental conservation, we quantify investment and development costs and benefits at domestic business sites using classifications based on the Ministry of the Environment’s guidelines.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we proactively increased our investment in energy-saving facilities and equipment amid an expansion in production. We carried out major investments including in a solar power generation system and rainwater storage tanks at the new
tensioner factory in our Saitama Plant, in addition to upgrading other energy-saving equipment and plant wastewater treatment facilities.
Through this environmental accounting, we will analyze the cost of environmental conservation and the economic and environmental conservation effects gained through those activities. We will utilize the analysis in our activities going forward while endeavoring to disclose information on them.
Environmental Conservation Costs (Business Activity Classification)
(Thousands of yen)
  FYE 2020
 Amount invested
Costs
1,011,834
521,679
242,534
179,495
665,992
151,093
103,307
191,090
0
0
9,590
212,140
16,833
239,243
0
748
0
0
1,038,257
973,809
 Classification
(1) Business area costs
(1) - 1 Pollution prevention costs
(1) - 2 Global environmental conservation costs
(1) - 3 Resource recycling costs (2) Upstream/downstream costs
(3) Administration costs
(4) R&D costs
(5) Social activity costs
(6) Environmental remediation costs Total
Details of major initiatives
Introduction, operation, and management of air pollution prevention facilities and wastewater treatment facilities
Introduction, operation, and management of electricity control systems
Waste processing/recycling expenses, improvement of industrial waste storage facilities
Outsourcing analysis costs, such as for substances with environmental impact
Establishment and operation of environmental management systems (EMSs), worksite greening and maintenance, installation of air and water measurement equipment
R&D of environment-friendly products (reduction of environmental burden during product use)
Regional environmental conservation initiatives Groundwater purification measures, etc.
             Initiatives for Reducing Environmental Impact
Prevention of Global Warming
As climate change progresses, the Tsubaki Group is working to reduce its CO2 greenhouse gas emissions. In Japan, under our environmental long-term targets, we are promoting specific initiatives based on our environmental action plan.
Much of the energy used in the Group’s manufacturing is concentrated in the production process. We are therefore improving energy efficiency by proactively installing energy-saving production equipment while
promoting the application of insulating paint coating for major plants and the conversion from heavy oil in air-conditioning equipment to liquefied natural gas and other fuels that have lower CO2 emissions. Further, when building or renovating plants, we carry out a host of CO2 reduction measures, such as expanding our use of renewable energy by proactively installing solar power generation equipment and adopting LED lighting.
54 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Breakdown

Total CO2 Emissions
Water Consumption
Total Waste Emissions / Recycling Rate
(t) (%)
8,000 98.0 98.7 98.7 97.9 97.6 100
(km3)
500 400 300 200 100
* The CO2 emissions factors for electricity are as follows. Domestic: The “basic emission coefficient” of the “emission
coefficient by electric utility” published by the
Ministry of the Environment
Overseas: International Energy Agency (IEA), Emissions
Factors (2018 edition), 2016 CO2 emissions factors
(t-CO2)
80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
(Base year) (FYE) Japan Overseas
74,848
74,107 71,351 45,362
456
  68,706
417 284
2014 2017 2018 2019 2020
6,607
6,932
6,892
   63,638
393
321 295
  6,018 75 4,000 50 2,000 25 0000
360 6,000
5,232
2014 2017 2018 2019 2020
       47,244
2014 2017 2018 2019 2020
309
 45,455
          Contribution to a Recycling-Oriented Society
The Group is advancing initiatives designed to realize a recycling-oriented society with a low environmental impact by creating higher economic value through the reduced use of water and other resources while promoting the reduce, reuse, recycle (“3R”) approach.
Specifically, these initiatives entail 1) reducing our total weight of waste, 2) improving our resource recycling rate, and 3) reducing our water consumption. In particular, we are working to fundamentally reduce the amount of materials we extract from the natural earth’s crust by
using the total weight of waste discharged as a management indicator, including recyclables traded for sale, in addition to reducing waste and improving our resource recycling rate.
Moreover, we are striving to reduce environmental impact and coexist with the natural environment through products and manufacturing in harmony with the environment, such as by reducing hazardous materials and greening our plants.
Japan
Overseas
Industrial Waste (left) Non-Industrial Waste (left)
* Data collected only in Japan
(FYE)
(FYE)
Recycling Rate (right)
 Provision of Eco Products (SDG-oriented Products)
  The Tsubaki Group has created many unique products that are environment-friendly, such as those with extended life spans and energy-saving features. In 2011, we established “eco” evaluation criteria with the aim of bolstering product development that helps customers reduce their environmental impact (ecology) and improve their economic performance (economy). We classify products that clear this criteria as eco products. Moreover, from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, we will add the SDGs as a new angle and expand the development and sale of new eco products from the following two perspectives.
1. Contribution to environmental conservation through reductions of CO2 emissions from a life cycle perspective by improving existing products and developing new products
Highly corrosion-resistant coating chain (RoHS compatible)
2. Indirect contribution to environmental conservation by promoting existing products or new products in global markets for environmental (SDGs) products, such as those offering low-carbon or decarbonization features.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 55
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Tsubaki’s Sustainability Society
 Quality Management
Under its corporate philosophy, the “Tsubaki Spirit”, the Tsubaki Group strives to maintain and improve the Tsubaki brand by thoroughly pursuing high quality and quality management as a manufacturing company.
  The wishes encapsulated in the Tsubaki Group Basic Quality Policy are as follows.
• We will reaffirm our focus on our customers.
• By viewing internal back-end processes with customers,
we will apply the concept of "zero defects" to our own work, and not pass any defects along to the next process, thereby ensuring quality at each step of the way.
Promotional System
The Tsubaki Group has established a system for promoting quality management led by the Tsubaki Group Quality Committee. We have established the Quality and Environmental Promotion Department as a Headquarters Operations overseeing the entire Group, and the Quality Managers Committee as a cross-organizational implementation body. In addition to traditional quality control assurance activities in each division, the Company has put forth three strategies: 1) Conduct audits from a third-party perspective; 2) Establish Group quality guidelines; and 3) Implement cross-organizational activities to improve quality. Through methods such as the ones stated, the Group not only aims for zero defects in quality, but also to strengthen our system to abide by our promises to our customers. In doing so, we are strengthening the governance of quality management
System for Promoting Group Quality Management
(as of April 2020)
• We declare that every single person within the organization will have a sense of ownership and do a great job.
• Create a new chapter in our history by revisiting the commitment at the time of our founding to “make good products.”
while maintaining and improving the Tsubaki brand. In addition, the Group has obtained ISO 9001
certification, the international standard for quality management systems, at its manufacturing bases in Japan and overseas. As such, we have established a framework for quality management based on the ISO.
Framework for Strengthening the Quality Management System
The Tsubaki Group Basic Quality Policy
We do not pass defects on to the subsequent job process. We will all follow the rules, and make quality products.
 Customers
 “Tsubaki” brand
  Headquarters Quality and Environmental Promotion Department
     Tsubaki Group Quality Committee
(Chairman: Executive officer in charge of quality, the environment, and occupational safety)
Quality improvement activities of each business division
AP
Act Plan
CD
Check Do
Reporting
Instruction
     Tsubakimoto Chain
(Headquarters Quality and Environmental Promotion Department)
Quality Managers Committee
Group quality guidelines
  Organizational and planned human resource development and raising of quality awareness
      Tsubakimoto Chain
(Each business division)
56 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Domestic Group Companies (Permanent)
Overseas Group Companies (Non-permanent)
Promises made to customers, quality regulations, and standards
 TSUBAKI SPIRIT
Top management
Internal auditing from a third-party perspective
Cross-organizational quality improvement activities

  KPIs Regarding Society (Quality/Procurement/Human Resources)
   Material Issues (Priority Matters)
  Quality assurance Cooperation with suppliers
Addressing conflict minerals Respect for human rights
Promotion of diversity
Work style reforms (improve motivation and operational efficiency)
Cultivation of human resources Ensuring employee safety and well-being
Scope: “Non-consolidated” refers to Tsubakimoto Chain; “Domestic” refers to Tsubakimoto Chain and consolidated subsidiaries in Japan; and “Global” refers to the Company and major subsidiaries in Japan and overseas. *1 According to an internally established definition *2 A theme for which we began initiatives in FYE 2021
Number of major quality issue occurrences*1
  Number of environmental survey requests
 Survey response ratio
Number of sustainability guidelines issued*2
KPIs
Number of companies implementing ethics education
Ratio of employees with disabilities
Ratio of companies meeting legally required employment ratios for people with disabilities
Number of non-Japanese employees
Ratio of senior female employees
Ratio of Paid Leave Acquisition
Number of employees dispatched overseas for training
Number of accidents resulting in absence from work
Ratio of high stress employees
FYE 2020 Results
409 companies
12 companies
82.9%
1.49%
22.2%
25 people
108 people
—
3.5%
72%
6.4%
4
4
Target Figure
400 companies or more
95% or more
 900 companies or more
12 companies
2.20%
100%
85 people
250 people
10%
85%
5.0%
0
0
Year of Achievement
 Annually
Once every 3 years
FYE 2026
FYE 2021
FYE 2021
FYE 2021
FYE 2026
FYE 2031
FYE 2031
FYE 2026
FYE 2031
Annually
FYE 2026
Scope
Global
Domestic
Domestic
 Domestic
  Domestic
  Non-consolidated
 Domestic
 Non-consolidated
 Domestic
  Non-consolidated
  Non-consolidated
  Domestic
 Non-consolidated
  Contribution to the SDGs
      Quality Education and Human Resource Interactions
The Group aims to improve quality management skills by developing level-specific education on “quality” and “improvement” in its Companywide educational system.
As we move forward, we will enhance quality specialist education centered on the Quality and Environmental Promotion Department, such as providing education on statistical methodology, nurturing lecturers,
TOPICS
and promoting the acquisition of quality control examination certificates as well as implementing initiatives such as fieldwork for quality training participants from Group companies for a period of one year. At the same time, we are introducing “individual quality targets” and “quality model factory” systems aimed at raising quality awareness of all employees.
Please see our website for more details on society. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/society/
   Publication of the Collected Basic Quality Action Points (Administrative
Indirect Departments)
The Quality and Environmental Promotion Department has published the
Collected Basic Quality Action Points (Administrative Indirect Departments) with
the goal of improving the quality of operations in indirect departments. This
publication describes key points to be observed in daily operations from a
communication and business skills perspective for utilizing in situations where opinions are exchanged to help improve the quality of operations.
Received the 2019 Award for Excellence under the Toyota Quality Control Award from Toyota Motor Corporation
We were awarded the Toyota Motor Corporation’s 2019 Award for Excellence under the Toyota Quality Control Award. Twenty-five companies were selected from among Toyota’s suppliers for this award, with Tsubaki receiving it for the first time in 12 years since 2007. Our timing chain systems garnered praise for having no major quality issues and maintaining a low number of delivery defects over many years.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 57
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Society
Supply Chain Management
In order to realize high-quality manufacturing and a sustainable society, the Tsubaki Group is cooperating with its suppliers to conduct procurement activities.
Please see our website for more details on our basic procurement policy. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/society/supplier/
   The Tsubaki Group Basic Procurement Policy
123456
     Fair and equitable Developing dealings relationships of
mutual trust
Promotion of developmental procurement
Legal compliance (safeguarding of confidential information)
Prioritizing the Avoiding the use of environment (green conflict minerals
procurement)
Initiatives for Sustainable Procurement
By proactively working to contribute to the building of a sustainable society, the Tsubaki Group resolves social issues through its business activities and aims to be
a company that meets the expectations of all of its stakeholders. To achieve that aim, deeper collaboration with our suppliers is essential. Accordingly, we have established the Tsubaki Group Supplier Sustainability Guidelines and request suppliers to make proactive
Promotion of Green Procurement
Establishing its Green Procurement Guidelines in 2006, the Tsubaki Group has worked as one with suppliers to promote activities for purchasing materials and components with a low environmental impact. In April 2019, we revised these guidelines in order to more proactively advance efforts to reduce emissions.
Cooperation with Suppliers
Under the Basic Procurement Policy, the Company is advancing a variety of initiatives, such as guarantees of open bidding, pursuit of mutual development through fair business transactions, and proactive evaluation of new technology proposals.
In Japan, approximately 200 of our suppliers are members of the Tsubaki Business Partners Club. The Club fosters friendship among member corporations while allowing the Company to share information with suppliers on its environmental conservation and productivity
efforts aimed at achieving sustainability.
Implementation of Sustainable Education
At Group training sessions, the Tsubaki Techno School lectures, and in level-specific education, we carry out education on topics that include approaches to sustainability (CSR and CSV), demands from international society, and Group initiatives.
In addition, we carry out surveys on the current environmental conditions of major suppliers and conduct additional surveys and local inspections of suppliers thought to have risks, as we work to achieve ongoing improvements.
enhancement activities through the holding of general meetings, regular gatherings, and other events to promote mutual study.
Overseas facility tour held by the Osaka Tsubaki Business Partners Club at Tsubakimoto Chain (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.
 58 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

 Human Resources Management
At the Tsubaki Group, we view human resources as the most vital component of our management base. We are establishing an environment where people from various backgrounds can work positively and vigorously while striving to
cultivate the human resources who will support business
Respect for Human Rights
To ensure that nobody involved in its businesses is subject to any form of discrimination or harassment that violates individual dignity including on the grounds of race, ethnicity group, nationality, social status, origin, gender, disability, health status, thoughts and beliefs, sexual orientation, or difference of job type or employment status, the Tsubaki Group is implementing measures to enhance ethical awareness among employees.
We have designated February of every year as Strengthening Corporate Ethics Month while conducting activities designed to promote strict adherence to laws and rules in the Group’s countries of operation (51 Group
growth going forward.
companies in Japan and overseas took part in these activities in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020). At the same time, we have codified a Basic Human Rights Policy that applies to the Tsubaki Group, and are promoting initiatives on respect for human rights throughout the Group as a whole. In addition, we have established the Corporate Ethics Hotline, to which we have appointed an employee to be in charge of consultations on any topic. The hotline handles not only risk matters regarding laws and regulations and compliance but also routine matters, as we advance the development of a comfortable working environment.
Please see our website for more details on our basic human rights policy. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/society/employees/diversity/policy/
Promotion of Diversity
The Tsubaki Group is working to develop a workplace environment where a variety of people can work positively and vigorously and with peace of mind while being fairly evaluated without regard to nationality, gender, or age. Based on our traditional work-focused emphasis on capabilities and results, we are promoting
Composition of Employees by Region (as of March 31, 2020)
South Korea and Taiwan 3% China 10%
personnel system reforms focusing on diversity. Tsubakimoto Chain has been promoting work style reforms since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 to enable diverse employees to fully realize their individual talent. We are carrying out a range of measures for realizing efficient and flexible work styles.
Ratio of Paid Leave Acquisition
(Tsubakimoto Chain, non-consolidated)
  Indian Ocean Rim
Europe
Employees 8,733
8%
13%
Americas
(%)
100 80 60 40 20 0
63 64 65
67 72
2019 2020
(FYE)
46% 20%
Japan
 2016 2017
2018
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 59
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Society
Promotion of the Active Participation of Women
We have set a target of raising the ratio of female employees on a non-consolidated basis to 10% in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021 (8.9% as of April 1, 2020) and are actively encouraging applications from various high schools and universities. At the same time, we are enabling women to deepen their understanding of our work environment through efforts that include female employees introducing their jobs at explanatory meetings. In addition, we are advancing the promotion of female employees by proactively providing opportunities for promotion to outstanding employees, irrespective of gender.
Promotion of the Employment of People with Disabilities We are striving to expand employment of people with disabilities in a wide range of fields by developing a workplace environment that allows them to engage in work that utilizes their individual talents and aptitudes. Moreover, we established a special subsidiary in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, with the goal of promoting further employment.
Active Participation of Seniors
In April 2020, we introduced an Age 65 Retirement System that extends the retirement age from 60 to 65 years old.
Number of Female Employees in Managerial Roles and
Ratio of Female Employees in Senior Roles (domestic)*
(People) Number of women in middle management and above (left) (%) Ratio of female employees in senior roles (right)
25 5
4.1
20 3.54
 15 2.6
3
3.3
3.2
10 9109102 7
51 00
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE) * As of April 1 for each year from 2016 to 2020.
Amid a decline in the working population due to falling birthrates and an aging society, we have introduced this extension of the retirement age as part of our efforts to develop a rewarding environment in which diverse human resources can actively participate, rather than simply as a response to the labor shortage. We also improved employment conditions and continuously applied the benefits provided to employees before age 60.
     Cultivation and Utilization of Human Resources
Strive to be an exceptional person—In order to be the global leader in its target fields, the Tsubaki Group seeks human resources who 1) continuously take on challenges with a desire for self-betterment, 2) constantly acquire advanced skills and continuously seek to enhance them, and 3) can take action under their own responsibility.
By offering opportunities for development, regardless of job type, we are strengthening the cultivation of young and global human resources, promoting the active participation of women, and improving skills.
Enhancing Our Training and Educational System
The drivers of the Group’s growth are the technological capabilities and advanced technical skills we have continuously refined as a manufacturer since our founding in 1917. With the aim of passing on expertise to the next generation and reinforcing technical skills, we launched the Tsubaki Techno School in April 1998 for young engineers. Subsequently, we expanded the curriculum to include technical and sales categories. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, we reorganized the curriculum by dividing it into a Techno School for engineers, a Skills School for technicians, and a Business
School for office and sales staff. In doing so, we expanded and improved their respective courses. By combining training by function with level-specific training across all job categories, we have generated a positive cycle in which we increase the awareness of employees and enhance technological and technical levels.
Cultivation ofYoung Engineers
The Tsubaki Techno School conducts practical training using our original curriculum. In the intermediate course, young engineers improve their problem-solving capabilities besides enhancing their knowledge and skills through activities such as setting a topic from among workplace issues and implementing measures to resolve it. We are also developing human resources with proficiency in AI and the IoT by incorporating new technological fields into the curriculum.
Besides this training, we are widening opportunities for employees to share ideas, interact, and engage in co-creation in
 60 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Tsubaki Techno School

a way that transcends departments through a Technology Forum for engineers at which departments present their latest technologies.
Improvement of Monozukuri Skills
The Group is making efforts to pass on and reinforce monozukuri (manufacturing) skills. The Tsubaki Skills Olympics, which we launched in 2012, serves as a platform for the mutual study and presentation of these skills. The Group’s outstanding engineers assemble to
compete on skills in eight categories common to all businesses, including engine lathe operation, welding, measuring, and freehand drawing. Overseas Group companies have been taking part in this event since 2016, which helps invigorate the organization via technological exchange among employees, different business divisions, and between Japan and overseas, in addition to heightening technical skills.
   Technology Forum
Cultivation of Global Human Resources
Tsubaki Technical Skills Olympics (measurement competition)
Tsubaki Technical Skills Olympics (Engine lathe operation competition)
 In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, 57.4% of the Tsubaki Group’s total net sales came from overseas, a substantial increase from 34.5% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, demonstrating the rapid globalization of our operations. Currently, 53.7% of all group employees are working on locations outside of Japan. This situation has made the cultivation and strengthening of globally minded human resources a task of extreme importance for the Group. We introduced a global trainee system in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011. This system allows young employees to be dispatched to overseas subsidiaries for training, and is designed to teach them foreign languages and international business manners as well as help them to better understand other cultures. By the end of March 2019, we had dispatched 108 young employees under this system. From the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, we have launched month-long overseas foreign language training for new employees. In addition, we have also begun inviting employees from overseas subsidiaries to undergo training in Japan. In this way, we are cultivating and strengthening Groupwide globally minded human resources.
Global Trainees (Tsubakimoto Chain, non-consolidated)
Global trainees (United States)
Overseas foreign language training (The Philippines)
 (FYE)
Number of employees dispatched
13 11 14 9 13
 2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 61
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Society
Occupational Safety and Health Promotion
 Under its corporate philosophy, the “Tsubaki Spirit”, the Tsubaki Group has adopted safety and quality as the highest priority in its Code of Conduct, and works to prevent work-related accidents and maintain and enhance the health of its employees as a Monozukuri company.
Safety Management System
The Group has established the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee to supervise health and safety activities for the Group as a whole. The committee formulates the Health and Safety Activities Plan while its Secretariat confirms the status of safety activities at each business location. We promote ongoing safety activities based on the following three pillars.
1) Risk management: Promotion of risk assessment as activities to preemptively avoid serious accidents
2) Equipment and work environment maintenance: Development and operation of machinery and equipment safety guidelines that aim to realize the intrinsic safety of machinery
3) Employee development: Cultivation of safety-oriented people with advanced safety awareness and sensitivity
At the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee held in February 2020, we established the Basic Health and Safety Policy and the Health and Safety Management Regulations, and we are promoting the operation of an health and safety management system for the Group as a whole.
Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee
In February 2009, the Group established the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee, which advances activities aimed at enhancing health and safety throughout the Group.
  The Tsubaki Group Basic Health and Safety Policy
Safety is our highest priority. We will to aim to achieve workplaces where employees can work with peace of mind.
Creation of safe Establishment of safe Development of employees workplaces manufacturing who take action
  Safety Management System
 Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee
(Chairman: Executive officer in charge of quality, the environment, and occupational safety)
   Tsubakimoto Chain Health and Safety Promotion Dept.
Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Implementation Representatives Conference
      Tsubakimoto Chain
(each business division)
Framework for Safety Activities
Domestic Group Companies
Overseas Group Companies
 Customers / Stakeholders
 Zero serious accidents and a pleasant work environment (as a result)
      health and safety activities at each business site
AP
Act Plan
CD
Check Do
Reporting
Instruction
 Employee development (safety-oriented people)
 Workplace culture in which safety is the top priority (safety culture)
 The Tsubaki Group Basic Health and Safety Policy
 TSUBAKI SPIRIT
 62 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Senior management
Risk management
Equipment and work environment maintenance

Activities in FYE 2020
Activities for Preemptively Avoiding Serious Accidents
The Group carried out its health and safety activities in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 with activities for preemptively avoiding serious accidents as one of its highest priorities. Focusing on accidents in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 that involved employees getting trapped or caught in machinery, we carried out a risk assessment of hazardous areas and implemented countermeasures. The results of an analysis of past accidents and safety patrols revealed that the overwhelming majority of accidents in the Group, which operates in the machinery manufacturing industry, involved employees getting trapped or caught in machinery. Accordingly, the Group focused on this type of accident
with the aim of eliminating it. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we identified 151 such accidents in the Group as a whole and implemented risk assessments. In this way, we are promoting improvement activities in a planned manner.
Global Expansion
As part of our global occupational health and safety activities, we began determining the number of accidents at our global bases and sharing examples of accidents and best practices in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. Guided by the basic approach that safety is the top priority, we have launched global occupational health and safety activities with the aim of eliminating accidents globally, despite the barrier of different laws at different bases.
Promotion of Health and Productivity Management
Maintenance and improvement of health is the driving force that enables employees to work positively and vigorously. In terms of health promotion, in addition to regular health checkups and special health examinations, we implement health checks for employees who work long hours in collaboration with industrial physicians, health management staff, and managers to prevent disease and strengthen early detection activities.
As for support for mental health, we regularly implement education on mental health for employees and supervisors. We have strengthened initiatives toward disease prevention and early treatment by establishing a consultation service operated by dedicated staff. In the
TOPICS
fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we launched a stress check for all of our employees. We are also expanding and improving mental healthcare activities such as conducting follow-up meetings with employees not only when they join the
 Company but also in their third year of employment.
Promoting good health at an after-work Pilates class
   Hazard Drills Led by Workplace Leaders
“Working with peace of mind in safe workplaces”—The Group carries out
hazard drills to cultivate a sensitivity to safety-related hazards. At the
Kyotanabe Plant, subsection managers and team leaders who have
undergone instruction in the Health and Safety Promotion Dept. serve as
instructors for hazard experience drills to take the initiative in thinking about
latent dangers in the workplace and communicate their conclusions to their subordinates. These activities have been well received by those serving as instructors, who reported that their perspectives had changed by participating in a teaching capacity.
A First for the Group in Europe—Acquisition of ISO 45001, the International Standard for Health and Safety
As our automotive parts production base in Europe, our Czech subsidiary, which has acquired international standards certifications for quality and the environment, newly acquired ISO 45001 certification, the international standard for health and safety. Employees are promoting improvements by uniting to implement health and safety as the top priority.
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 63
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Society
Coexistence with Local Communities
The Tsubaki Group’s manufacturing and sales bases extend to 26 countries and regions across the world. We not only contribute to society through our business activities but also understand cultures and laws and regulations that differ by country and region and carry out activities rooted in local communities.
Amid the voluntary cancellation of various events due to COVID-19 from March 2020, we are taking great care to prevent infection as we continue our steady efforts.
  Donation of V2X Bi-Directional EV Charging Systems (eLINK) to Three Cities to Aid Disaster Preparedness and Mitigation Efforts
 Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
We donated V2X bi-directional EV charging systems (eLINK) to the three cities of Kyotanabe, Hanno, and Nagaokakyo to be of use to the disaster preparedness and mitigation measures in the cities where our major plants are based. At the presentation ceremonies in Kyotanabe (held on June 6, 2020) and Nagaokakyo (held on July 22, 2020), President Ohara carried out a demonstration using an electric vehicle (EV) in the presence of Mr. Takashi
Ceremony for the donation to Kyotanabe/ Mayor Uemura (left) and President Ohara
29,953 MangroveTrees Planted in 12Years
Tsubaki Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (TAT)
Tsubaki Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (TAT) began its mangrove-planting activities in 2008. The number of volunteers taking part in these activities has increased in tandem with business expansion, and 2,700 trees were planted in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
The planting of 29,953 trees over 12 years equates to a CO2 reduction of 374.42 tons. These steady, ongoing efforts are contributing to global warming countermeasures.
Uemura, the mayor of Kyotanabe, and Mr. Kengo Nakakoji, the mayor of Nagaokakyo, (a system is scheduled for installation at Hanno at the end of 2020). In the event of a power outage during a large-scale disaster, power will be supplied via the eLINK to locations including the civic hall, which will serve as an emergency response headquarters. At normal times, it will be made available to residents for recharging EVs.
  Utilizing eLINK as an emergency power source during a power outage
EV, etc. eLINK Evacuation Power shelter grid
    64 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

 Development of the Next Generation
Online Holding of the Fourth Tsubaki Future Product Creation Contest
Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
In Kyotanabe Plant, the year 2020 marked the fourth Tsubaki Future Product Creation Contest, a collaborative program with the National Institute of Technology, Maizuru College. The lessons, group work, and final review on July 14 were all carried out online due to the spread of COVID-19.
The theme of the 2020 contest was “proposals of new products that bring happiness to people.” Participants used the backcasting concept to imagine hypothetical users in the year 2030
and proposed products to be developed for that era.
Social Contribution
Donation of Previous Work Clothes to Children in Zambia
TsubakiYamakyu Chain CO.
When Tsubaki Yamakyu
Chain updated
employee work clothes
in 2017, it donated the
previous ones that it
collected to Zambia
through a volunteer organization. Company logos were removed in-house before the clothes were sent to the organization. As confirmation of the safe receipt of the donation, Tsubaki Yamakyu Chain received a photograph of the Zambian children holding up the work clothes.
Volunteer Activities in Matching T-Shirts
U.S.Tsubaki Holdings, Inc. (United States)
Tennessee Plant employees proactively participate in volunteer activities that include food drives (activities donating leftover food to
Work Experience for Local Junior High School Students at Our Plants
Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
Iruma Municipal Noda Junior High School implements career education activities for students to nurture their own perspective on work and careers and help them become independent as members of society and professionals in the future. As part of these activities, 21 students from the school visited our Saitama Plant. After presenting an overview of our business activities, we held a question-and-answer session regarding work.
Meanwhile, three first-year students from Kyoto Prefectural Tanabe High School’s machine technology course visited the Kyotanabe Plant to experience firsthand how their daily studies are applied in the real world. Besides a tour of the
plant, we conducted
safety education and a
hands-on experience of
assembly at our
manufacturing factory.
welfare organizations and facilities), donations of materials to schools and animal protection facilities, and fund-raising activities for Cancer Support Day. Employees wear matching t-shirts in line with the activity theme and are expanding the scope of their activities.
Donation of 6,000 Masks in Hope of the Early Resolution of the COVID-19 Pandemic
U.S. Tsubaki Power Transmission, LLC (United States) Hoping for the early resolution of the COVID-19 pandemic, U.S. Tsubaki Power Transmission donated 6,000 masks through Heartland Alliance, a non-profit organization. This organization’s primary
       activities entail providing support for those living in poverty in the Chicago region, and the masks were distributed among city residents centered on healthcare workers.
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 65
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Technology
Strengthening ourTechnological Base
Technology is one of the most important management foundations for manufacturers and a major factor underpinning competitiveness. To strengthen our technological base, we have conducted continual investment. The two divisions responsible for strengthening our technological base are New Business Development and Technology and Research Development.
Technology and Research Development continually strengthen foundation and advanced technologies such as surface treatment, processing, lubricant, control, evaluation, and analysis technologies. This division quickly applies the achievements of its research that directly relate to the businesses of each business division, aiming to improve the productivity of development.
Meanwhile, New Business Development focuses on
Trends of R&D Costs and Ratio of R&D Costs to Net Sales
the development of new products and businesses, in cooperation with each business division. Establishing close cooperative relationships with external institutions such as universities, it is advancing research and development into cutting-edge technologies. This division, which also has jurisdiction over our existing agribusiness, PCS business, and automotive products, accelerates the development of new businesses.
In addition, in tandem with efforts to strengthen our technological base, we are examining material issues relating to innovation (technology) and new indicators including capital efficiency from the perspective of balancing economic value and social value (CSV). We will incorporate specific details of these examinations into the next Mid-Term Management Plan and disclose them externally.
Participation in a Technology Business Consultation with the object of promoting open innovation
centralizes affairs regarding the application of industrial property rights and the prevention of infringement. Meanwhile, the legal affairs division has established internal regulations on managing confidential business information and spearheads Groupwide management of information on confidential technologies and business information, in cooperation with the intellectual property division. Similarly, these two divisions also cooperate on the drafting and review of contracts.
UpwardTrend in Number of Patents Held by the Group
 R&D Costs (left) (Millions of yen) 5,000
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
Ratio of R&D Costs to Net Sales (right)
(%)
4,714 5.0 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0
      00 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
(FYE)
Intellectual Property Strategies
The Tsubaki Group is globally advancing aggressive intellectual property strategies by extending patent application and acquisition of industrial property rights in Japan and overseas through an approach aimed at strengthening product competitiveness. Guided by this strategy, the number of patents held by the Group has been increasing, and as of the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we held 838 patents in Japan and 1,209 overseas for a total of 2,047 patents.
As the Group has been promoting the rapid expansion of its business in China, emerging countries, and other parts of the world, the expansion of patent application efforts and thorough measures to prevent violation of intellectual property rights in these countries is an important and ongoing task. For this reason, we applied for 130 patents in these regions and increased our coordination with overseas patent offices during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
Tsubakimoto Chain’s intellectual property division
(Products)
2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
Domestic Patents
Overseas Patents
 66 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
2.1%
2,047
 2016
2017
2018 2019 2020
(FYE)

 Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information
Finance
Maintaining the Soundness of Our Financial Base
 The equity ratio stood at 59.3% on March 31, 2020, up 2.5 percentage points compared with the previous fiscal year-end. Although net interest-bearing debt on March 31, 2020 totaled ¥10,130 million, an increase of ¥2,445
Return to Positive Free Cash Flow
Free cash flow in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 was a positive ¥6,034 million. While net cash provided by operating activities remained stable, free cash flow was a negative ¥7,890 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 as a result of capital expenditures focused on medium- to long-term growth and
million from the previous fiscal year-end, the D/E ratio (net) was 0.06 times, as we continued to maintain the soundness of our financial base.
implementing M&As. However, we have brought these investments to a pause for the present and returned to positive free cash flow as net cash used in investing activities decreased sharply from ¥32,088 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 to ¥14,241 million the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
 Shareholder Returns—Implementation of Benchmark Dividend Payout Ratio of 30% or Higher
 In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the Company paid a dividend per share of ¥120 while the dividend payout ratio was 38.9%.
Positioning the return of profits to shareholders as one of its most important management tasks, the Company aims to distribute profits based on a consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30% and has maintained its benchmark consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30% or higher for four consecutive fiscal years since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
Status of Shareholder Returns
(Yen)
150
Dividends per Share (left)
Payout Ratio (right)
29.3 30.8 31.0
(%)
60 40 20
120*2 120
  Return on equity (ROE), which was 9.9% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, has subsequently continued to decline and stood at 6.7% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. This decline was primarily due to an increase in depreciation and amortization stemming from the bolstering of production facilities centered on increasing global optimized production and the implementation of M&As as well as sluggish net sales because of the slowdown in the economy.
The bolstering of its global production system and implementing M&As help improve the Group’s growth and profitability over the medium-to-long term. Amid growing uncertainty about the economy, we will restore profitability by focusing our efforts on improving productivity and reviewing the cost structure.
100
50 19.1 17.6 18.3 21.2
7 7 10 16 20 24*1 24 00
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
(FYE)
*1 Ordinary dividend of ¥22 and a 100th anniversary commemorative dividend of ¥2
*2 Consolidated common shares at the ratio of five shares to one share on October 1, 2018.
The share dividend amount shown for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was calculated based on this share consolidation.
33.0
38.9
 Improvement of Profitability Is an Outstanding Issue
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 67
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information
Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Summary
 For the year (Millions of yen)
FYE 2010
112,759 4,737 4,990 3,175
3,988 7,390 3,543
14,508 (5,020) (373)
20,379
182,641 80,847 38,910 18,531
4.2
4.0 44.3 0.23 17.07 434.59
49,996 0.748
5,271
FYE 2011
138,243 11,022 11,111
6,093
5,807 7,544 4,144
16,293 (8,281) (10,578)
17,308
184,206 83,413 31,240 13,931
8.0
7.4 45.3 0.17 32.76 448.43
55,721 0.680
5,891
FYE 2012
144,896 12,081 12,140
6,814
9,518 7,403 4,231
11,626 (10,487) (5,460)
13,916
191,766 89,923 27,405 13,488
8.3
7.9 46.9 0.15 36.60 480.46
68,730 0.795
6,160
 Net sales
 Operating income
 Ordinary income
  Profit attributable to owners of parent
                          Capital expenditures
  Depreciation and amortization
 R&D costs
                    Net cash provided by operating activities
  Net cash used in investing activities
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year
                         At year-end (Millions of yen)
Indexes
 Total assets
  Shareholders’ equity
 Interest-bearing debt
  Net interest-bearing debt
                          Operating income margin (%)
  ROE*1 (%)
 Equity ratio*2 (%)
 D/E ratio (net)*3 (Times)
 Profit attributable to owners of parent per share*4 (Yen)
  Net assets per share*4 (Yen)
                                      Total CO2 emissions (t-CO2 / year)*5, 6
 CO2 emissions (t-CO2) (Per million yen of output)*5, 6
  Employees*7
                Amounts less than one million yen have been truncated.
*1 ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent ÷ Average shareholders’ equity
*2 Equity ratio = Shareholders’ equity ÷ Total assets
*3 D/E ratio (net) = Net interest-bearing debt ÷ Shareholders’ equity
*4 Consolidated common shares at the ratio of five shares to one share on October 1, 2018.
Profit attributable to owners of parent per share and net assets per share are calculated based on the assumption that the share consolidation was conducted at the beginning
of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
*5 The scope of calculation is the Group’s 11 major manufacturing bases in Japan
*6 The CO2 emission coefficient for electric power uses the “basic emission coefficient” of the “emission coefficient by electric utility” published by the Ministry of the Environment. *7 Including contracted staff and temporary staff, etc.
68 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

TSUBAKIMOTO CHAIN CO. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Fiscal years from April 1 to March 31
 FYE 2020
 226,423
 16,146
 16,698
 11,576
 FYE 2013
150,002 12,579 12,813
7,428
11,833 7,360 4,319
15,350 (18,401)
6,325 20,194
215,837 102,019 36,507 16,312
8.4
7.7 47.3 0.16 39.69 545.14
72,529 0.868
6,792
FYE 2014
178,022 17,354 17,993 10,213
11,372 8,745 4,061
19,761 (17,166) (3,196)
21,291
228,840 118,433 36,538 15,246
9.7
9.3 51.8 0.13 54.58 632.94
74,848 0.892
7,068
FYE 2015
196,738 21,427 22,263 14,153
10,466 9,476 4,048
22,189 (14,306) (2,647)
27,360
258,742 140,439 36,907 9,547
10.9 10.9 54.3 0.07
75.65 750.63
76,082 0.840
7,398
FYE 2016
203,976 21,570 22,109 12,766
15,677 10,402 4,300
19,090 (13,593) (5,476)
26,422
254,106 142,041 34,817 8,394
10.6 9.0 55.9 0.06 68.24 759.27
74,930 0.817
7,579
FYE 2017
198,762 21,647 22,004 14,596
13,995 10,342 4,341
25,434 (13,420) (4,084)
34,142
267,215 152,473 34,634 493
10.9 9.9 57.1 0.00 78.03 815.10
74,107 0.821
7,886
FYE 2018
215,716 20,694 21,743 14,666
18,116 11,005 4,495
27,657 (17,389) (13,191) 31,712
283,574 167,916
FYE 2019
238,515 21,789 21,621 13,779
15,765 12,366 4,505
24,197 (32,088) 12,679 36,087
305,916
                                                                14,388
 12,739
 4,714
                                            20,275
 (14,241)
 (10,385)
 31,378
                                                          294,098
 174,360
 41,509
 10,130
               173,734 26,581 43,772
                            (5,131)
9.6
9.2 59.2
(0.03) 387.44 4,435.96
71,351 0.747
8,358
7,685
9.1
8.1 56.8 0.04 364.03 4,590.06
68,706 0.718
8,818
               7.1
 6.7
 59.3
 0.06
 308.71
 4,711
                                                                                      63,638
 0.721
  8,733
                             TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 69
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

  Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information
 Principal Tsubaki Group Companies
(As of March 31, 2020)
Japan
Tsubakimoto Custom Chain Co. Tsubakimoto Sprocket Co. Tsubaki Yamakyu Chain Co. Tsubakimoto Iron Casting Co. Tsubakimoto Machinery Co. Tsubakimoto Bulk Systems Corp. Tsubakimoto Mayfran Inc. Tsubaki Support Center Co.
Americas
6 other companies
Indian Ocean Rim
Tsubakimoto Singapore Pte. Ltd.
PT. Tsubaki Indonesia Manufacturing
PT. Tsubaki Indonesia Trading
Tsubaki Power Transmission (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Tsubakimoto (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Tsubaki India Power Transmission Private Limited Tsubakimoto Vietnam Co., Ltd.
Tsubakimoto Philippines Corporation
Tsubaki Australia Pty. Limited
Tsubakimoto Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Tsubaki Motion Control (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Kabelschlepp India Private Limited
2 other companies
China
Tsubakimoto Chain (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Tsubaki Motion Control (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Tsubakimoto Automotive (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Tsubaki Everbest Gear (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. Tsubakimoto Chain (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.
Tsubakimoto Bulk Systems (Shanghai) Corp. Kabelschlepp China Co., Ltd.
Tianjin Tsubakimoto Conveyor Systems Co., Ltd. Tsubakimoto Mayfran Conveyor (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Tsubaki CAPT Power Transmission (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd.
3 other companies
South Korea andTaiwan
Taiwan Tsubakimoto Co.
Tsubakimoto Automotive Korea Co., Ltd. Tsubakimoto Korea Co., Ltd.
                                            U.S. Tsubaki Holdings, Inc.
U.S. Tsubaki Power Transmission, LLC
U.S. Tsubaki Automotive, LLC
Tsubaki Kabelschlepp America, Inc.
Tsubaki Brasil Equipamentos Industriais Ltda. Central Conveyor Company, LLC
Central Process Engineering, LLC
Electrical Insights, LLC
KCI, Incorporated
Tsubaki of Canada Limited
Mayfran International, Incorporated Conergics International LLC
Press Room Techniques Co.
Tsubakimoto Automotive Mexico S.A. de C.V.
2 other companies
Europe
Tsubakimoto Europe B.V.
Tsubakimoto UK Ltd.
Tsubaki Deutschland GmbH
Tsubaki Automotive Czech Republic s.r.o. Tsubaki Iberica Power Transmission, S.L. Tsubaki Kabelschlepp GmbH Kabelschlepp GmbH-Hünsborn Kabelschlepp Italia S.R.L.
Metool Products Limited
Kabelschlepp France S.A.R.L. Kabelschlepp Systemtechnik spol. s.r.o. OOO Tsubaki Kabelschlepp Schmidberger GmbH
Mayfran U.K. Limited
Mayfran GmbH
Mayfran Limburg B.V.
Mayfran International B.V.
Mayfran France S.A.R.L.
Mayfran CZ s.r.o.
                                                                                              70 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
1 other company

 Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information
Corporate Data and Stock Information
(As of March 31, 2020)
Corporate Data
Company Name Date of Foundation Date of Incorporation Paid-in Capital Headquarters
Phone
Fiscal Year-End
Tsubakimoto Chain Co. December 1917 January 31, 1941 ¥17,076 million
3-3-3, Nakanoshima, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0005, Japan
+81 (6) 6441-0011 (Reception) March 31
Number of Consolidated Subsidiaries
Number of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries
Number of Affiliates
Number of Employees* (consolidated)
Manufacturing facilities
* Including contracted staff and temporary staff, etc.
Major Shareholders (Top 10)
Taiyo Life Insurance Company
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
Nippon Life Insurance Company
Kyoeikai Members Stock Ownership Association
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
Tsubakimoto Kogyo Co., Ltd. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited SSBTC CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT MUFG Bank, Ltd.
64
7
9 (including 1 equity-method affiliate) 8,733
Kyotanabe, Saitama, Nagaokakyo, Hyogo, Okayama
 Stock Information
Shareholder Register Stock Listing Common Stock
Authorized:
Issued:
Number of Shareholders
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited Tokyo
   Name
Number of Shares Held (Thousands)
  59,800,000 shares 38,281,393 shares 9,291
3,559
 2,500
 1,970
 1,412
 1,406
 1,238
 1,158
 849
 796
 712
Percentage of Total Shares Issued (%)
9.61
6.75
5.32
3.81
3.80
3.34
3.13
2.29
2.15
1.92
 Shareholder Composition
Number of Shareholders
stock of 1,272,780 shares.
Number of Shares Held
(Notes) 1. Numbers less than 1,000 have been rounded down.
2. Although the Company holds treasury stock of 1,272,780 shares, it is not
included in the above list of major shareholders.
3. Percentage of total shares issued has been calculated excluding the treasury
 Foreign Institutions 223 (2.40%)
Other Japanese Companies
226 (2.43%)
Individuals
and Others 8,754 (94.22%)
Total 9,291
Financial Institutions 52 (0.56%)
Securities Firms 34 (0.37%)
Treasury Shares 1 (0.01%)
Other Japanese Institutions
1 (0.01%)
Treasury Shares 1,272,780 (3.32%)
Securities Firms 350,557 (0.92%)
Foreign Institutions 9,614,307 (25.11%)
Individuals
and Others 5,327,710 (13.92%)
Total 38,281,393
Other Japanese Institutions 20,800 (0.05%)
Financial Institutions 17,274,498 (45.13%)
Other Japanese Companies 4,420,741 (11.55%)
            Contact for Inquires with Regard to theTSUBAKI REPORT
   Public Relations Section, Corporate Planning Department
TEL: +81 (6) 6441-0054 EMAIL: pr-sec@gr.tsubakimoto.co.jp
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 71
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

             https://tsubakimoto.com
Published October 2020 Printed in Japan
    