Tsubaki’s Sustainability SocietyQuality Management
Under its corporate philosophy, the “Tsubaki Spirit”, the Tsubaki Group strives to maintain and improve the Tsubaki brand by thoroughly pursuing high quality and quality management as a manufacturing company.
  The wishes encapsulated in the Tsubaki Group Basic Quality Policy are as follows.
• We will reaffirm our focus on our customers.
• By viewing internal back-end processes with customers,
we will apply the concept of "zero defects" to our own work, and not pass any defects along to the next process, thereby ensuring quality at each step of the way.
Promotional System
The Tsubaki Group has established a system for promoting quality management led by the Tsubaki Group Quality Committee. We have established the Quality and Environmental Promotion Department as a Headquarters Operations overseeing the entire Group, and the Quality Managers Committee as a cross-organizational implementation body. In addition to traditional quality control assurance activities in each division, the Company has put forth three strategies: 1) Conduct audits from a third-party perspective; 2) Establish Group quality guidelines; and 3) Implement cross-organizational activities to improve quality. Through methods such as the ones stated, the Group not only aims for zero defects in quality, but also to strengthen our system to abide by our promises to our customers. In doing so, we are strengthening the governance of quality management
System for Promoting Group Quality Management
(as of April 2020)
• We declare that every single person within the organization will have a sense of ownership and do a great job.
• Create a new chapter in our history by revisiting the commitment at the time of our founding to “make good products.”
while maintaining and improving the Tsubaki brand. In addition, the Group has obtained ISO 9001
certification, the international standard for quality management systems, at its manufacturing bases in Japan and overseas. As such, we have established a framework for quality management based on the ISO.
Framework for Strengthening the Quality Management System
The Tsubaki Group Basic Quality Policy
We do not pass defects on to the subsequent job process. We will all follow the rules, and make quality products.Customers“Tsubaki” brand
  Headquarters Quality and Environmental Promotion Department
     Tsubaki Group Quality Committee
(Chairman: Executive officer in charge of quality, the environment, and occupational safety)
Quality improvement activities of each business division
AP
Act Plan
CD
Check Do
Reporting
Instruction
     Tsubakimoto Chain
(Headquarters Quality and Environmental Promotion Department)
Quality Managers Committee
Group quality guidelines
  Organizational and planned human resource development and raising of quality awareness
      Tsubakimoto Chain
(Each business division)
56 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Domestic Group Companies (Permanent)
Overseas Group Companies (Non-permanent)
Promises made to customers, quality regulations, and standards
 TSUBAKI SPIRIT
Top management
Internal auditing from a third-party perspective
Cross-organizational quality improvement activities
  KPIs Regarding Society (Quality/Procurement/Human Resources)
   Material Issues (Priority Matters)
  Quality assurance Cooperation with suppliers
Addressing conflict minerals Respect for human rights
Promotion of diversity
Work style reforms (improve motivation and operational efficiency)
Cultivation of human resources Ensuring employee safety and well-being
Scope: “Non-consolidated” refers to Tsubakimoto Chain; “Domestic” refers to Tsubakimoto Chain and consolidated subsidiaries in Japan; and “Global” refers to the Company and major subsidiaries in Japan and overseas. *1 According to an internally established definition *2 A theme for which we began initiatives in FYE 2021
Number of major quality issue occurrences*1
  Number of environmental survey requests
 Survey response ratio
Number of sustainability guidelines issued*2
KPIs
Number of companies implementing ethics education
Ratio of employees with disabilities
Ratio of companies meeting legally required employment ratios for people with disabilities
Number of non-Japanese employees
Ratio of senior female employees
Ratio of Paid Leave Acquisition
Number of employees dispatched overseas for training
Number of accidents resulting in absence from work
Ratio of high stress employees
FYE 2020 Results
409 companies
12 companies
82.9%
1.49%
22.2%
25 people
108 people
—
3.5%
72%
6.4%
4
4
Target Figure
400 companies or more
95% or more
 900 companies or more
12 companies
2.20%
100%
85 people
250 people
10%
85%
5.0%
0
0
Year of Achievement
 Annually
Once every 3 years
FYE 2026
FYE 2021
FYE 2021
FYE 2021
FYE 2026
FYE 2031
FYE 2031
FYE 2026
FYE 2031
Annually
FYE 2026
Scope
Global
Domestic
Domestic
 Domestic
  Domestic
  Non-consolidated
 Domestic
 Non-consolidated
 Domestic
  Non-consolidated
  Non-consolidated
  Domestic
 Non-consolidated
  Contribution to the SDGs
      Quality Education and Human Resource Interactions
The Group aims to improve quality management skills by developing level-specific education on “quality” and “improvement” in its Companywide educational system.
As we move forward, we will enhance quality specialist education centered on the Quality and Environmental Promotion Department, such as providing education on statistical methodology, nurturing lecturers,
TOPICS
and promoting the acquisition of quality control examination certificates as well as implementing initiatives such as fieldwork for quality training participants from Group companies for a period of one year. At the same time, we are introducing “individual quality targets” and “quality model factory” systems aimed at raising quality awareness of all employees.
Please see our website for more details on society. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/society/
   Publication of the Collected Basic Quality Action Points (Administrative
Indirect Departments)
The Quality and Environmental Promotion Department has published the
Collected Basic Quality Action Points (Administrative Indirect Departments) with
the goal of improving the quality of operations in indirect departments. This
publication describes key points to be observed in daily operations from a
communication and business skills perspective for utilizing in situations where opinions are exchanged to help improve the quality of operations.
Received the 2019 Award for Excellence under the Toyota Quality Control Award from Toyota Motor Corporation
We were awarded the Toyota Motor Corporation’s 2019 Award for Excellence under the Toyota Quality Control Award. Twenty-five companies were selected from among Toyota’s suppliers for this award, with Tsubaki receiving it for the first time in 12 years since 2007. Our timing chain systems garnered praise for having no major quality issues and maintaining a low number of delivery defects over many years.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 57
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Society
Supply Chain Management
In order to realize high-quality manufacturing and a sustainable society, the Tsubaki Group is cooperating with its suppliers to conduct procurement activities.
Please see our website for more details on our basic procurement policy. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/society/supplier/
   The Tsubaki Group Basic Procurement Policy
123456
     Fair and equitable Developing dealings relationships of
mutual trust
Promotion of developmental procurement
Legal compliance (safeguarding of confidential information)
Prioritizing the Avoiding the use of environment (green conflict minerals
procurement)
Initiatives for Sustainable Procurement
By proactively working to contribute to the building of a sustainable society, the Tsubaki Group resolves social issues through its business activities and aims to be
a company that meets the expectations of all of its stakeholders. To achieve that aim, deeper collaboration with our suppliers is essential. Accordingly, we have established the Tsubaki Group Supplier Sustainability Guidelines and request suppliers to make proactive
Promotion of Green Procurement
Establishing its Green Procurement Guidelines in 2006, the Tsubaki Group has worked as one with suppliers to promote activities for purchasing materials and components with a low environmental impact. In April 2019, we revised these guidelines in order to more proactively advance efforts to reduce emissions.
Cooperation with Suppliers
Under the Basic Procurement Policy, the Company is advancing a variety of initiatives, such as guarantees of open bidding, pursuit of mutual development through fair business transactions, and proactive evaluation of new technology proposals.
In Japan, approximately 200 of our suppliers are members of the Tsubaki Business Partners Club. The Club fosters friendship among member corporations while allowing the Company to share information with suppliers on its environmental conservation and productivity
efforts aimed at achieving sustainability.
Implementation of Sustainable Education
At Group training sessions, the Tsubaki Techno School lectures, and in level-specific education, we carry out education on topics that include approaches to sustainability (CSR and CSV), demands from international society, and Group initiatives.
In addition, we carry out surveys on the current environmental conditions of major suppliers and conduct additional surveys and local inspections of suppliers thought to have risks, as we work to achieve ongoing improvements.
enhancement activities through the holding of general meetings, regular gatherings, and other events to promote mutual study.
Overseas facility tour held by the Osaka Tsubaki Business Partners Club at Tsubakimoto Chain (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.
 58 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

 Human Resources Management
At the Tsubaki Group, we view human resources as the most vital component of our management base. We are establishing an environment where people from various backgrounds can work positively and vigorously while striving to
cultivate the human resources who will support business
Respect for Human Rights
To ensure that nobody involved in its businesses is subject to any form of discrimination or harassment that violates individual dignity including on the grounds of race, ethnicity group, nationality, social status, origin, gender, disability, health status, thoughts and beliefs, sexual orientation, or difference of job type or employment status, the Tsubaki Group is implementing measures to enhance ethical awareness among employees.
We have designated February of every year as Strengthening Corporate Ethics Month while conducting activities designed to promote strict adherence to laws and rules in the Group’s countries of operation (51 Group
growth going forward.
companies in Japan and overseas took part in these activities in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020). At the same time, we have codified a Basic Human Rights Policy that applies to the Tsubaki Group, and are promoting initiatives on respect for human rights throughout the Group as a whole. In addition, we have established the Corporate Ethics Hotline, to which we have appointed an employee to be in charge of consultations on any topic. The hotline handles not only risk matters regarding laws and regulations and compliance but also routine matters, as we advance the development of a comfortable working environment.
Please see our website for more details on our basic human rights policy. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/society/employees/diversity/policy/
Promotion of Diversity
The Tsubaki Group is working to develop a workplace environment where a variety of people can work positively and vigorously and with peace of mind while being fairly evaluated without regard to nationality, gender, or age. Based on our traditional work-focused emphasis on capabilities and results, we are promoting
Composition of Employees by Region (as of March 31, 2020)
South Korea and Taiwan 3% China 10%
personnel system reforms focusing on diversity. Tsubakimoto Chain has been promoting work style reforms since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 to enable diverse employees to fully realize their individual talent. We are carrying out a range of measures for realizing efficient and flexible work styles.
Ratio of Paid Leave Acquisition
(Tsubakimoto Chain, non-consolidated)
  Indian Ocean Rim
Europe
Employees 8,733
8%
13%
Americas
(%)
100 80 60 40 20 0
63 64 65
67 72
2019 2020
(FYE)
46% 20%
Japan
 2016 2017
2018
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 59
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Society
Promotion of the Active Participation of Women
We have set a target of raising the ratio of female employees on a non-consolidated basis to 10% in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021 (8.9% as of April 1, 2020) and are actively encouraging applications from various high schools and universities. At the same time, we are enabling women to deepen their understanding of our work environment through efforts that include female employees introducing their jobs at explanatory meetings. In addition, we are advancing the promotion of female employees by proactively providing opportunities for promotion to outstanding employees, irrespective of gender.
Promotion of the Employment of People with Disabilities We are striving to expand employment of people with disabilities in a wide range of fields by developing a workplace environment that allows them to engage in work that utilizes their individual talents and aptitudes. Moreover, we established a special subsidiary in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021, with the goal of promoting further employment.
Active Participation of Seniors
In April 2020, we introduced an Age 65 Retirement System that extends the retirement age from 60 to 65 years old.
Number of Female Employees in Managerial Roles and
Ratio of Female Employees in Senior Roles (domestic)*
(People) Number of women in middle management and above (left) (%) Ratio of female employees in senior roles (right)
25 5
4.1
20 3.54
 15 2.6
3
3.3
3.2
10 9109102 7
51 00
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE) * As of April 1 for each year from 2016 to 2020.
Amid a decline in the working population due to falling birthrates and an aging society, we have introduced this extension of the retirement age as part of our efforts to develop a rewarding environment in which diverse human resources can actively participate, rather than simply as a response to the labor shortage. We also improved employment conditions and continuously applied the benefits provided to employees before age 60.
     Cultivation and Utilization of Human Resources
Strive to be an exceptional person—In order to be the global leader in its target fields, the Tsubaki Group seeks human resources who 1) continuously take on challenges with a desire for self-betterment, 2) constantly acquire advanced skills and continuously seek to enhance them, and 3) can take action under their own responsibility.
By offering opportunities for development, regardless of job type, we are strengthening the cultivation of young and global human resources, promoting the active participation of women, and improving skills.
Enhancing Our Training and Educational System
The drivers of the Group’s growth are the technological capabilities and advanced technical skills we have continuously refined as a manufacturer since our founding in 1917. With the aim of passing on expertise to the next generation and reinforcing technical skills, we launched the Tsubaki Techno School in April 1998 for young engineers. Subsequently, we expanded the curriculum to include technical and sales categories. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, we reorganized the curriculum by dividing it into a Techno School for engineers, a Skills School for technicians, and a Business
School for office and sales staff. In doing so, we expanded and improved their respective courses. By combining training by function with level-specific training across all job categories, we have generated a positive cycle in which we increase the awareness of employees and enhance technological and technical levels.
Cultivation ofYoung Engineers
The Tsubaki Techno School conducts practical training using our original curriculum. In the intermediate course, young engineers improve their problem-solving capabilities besides enhancing their knowledge and skills through activities such as setting a topic from among workplace issues and implementing measures to resolve it. We are also developing human resources with proficiency in AI and the IoT by incorporating new technological fields into the curriculum.
Besides this training, we are widening opportunities for employees to share ideas, interact, and engage in co-creation in
 60 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Tsubaki Techno School

a way that transcends departments through a Technology Forum for engineers at which departments present their latest technologies.
Improvement of Monozukuri Skills
The Group is making efforts to pass on and reinforce monozukuri (manufacturing) skills. The Tsubaki Skills Olympics, which we launched in 2012, serves as a platform for the mutual study and presentation of these skills. The Group’s outstanding engineers assemble to
compete on skills in eight categories common to all businesses, including engine lathe operation, welding, measuring, and freehand drawing. Overseas Group companies have been taking part in this event since 2016, which helps invigorate the organization via technological exchange among employees, different business divisions, and between Japan and overseas, in addition to heightening technical skills.
   Technology Forum
Cultivation of Global Human Resources
Tsubaki Technical Skills Olympics (measurement competition)
Tsubaki Technical Skills Olympics (Engine lathe operation competition)
 In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, 57.4% of the Tsubaki Group’s total net sales came from overseas, a substantial increase from 34.5% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, demonstrating the rapid globalization of our operations. Currently, 53.7% of all group employees are working on locations outside of Japan. This situation has made the cultivation and strengthening of globally minded human resources a task of extreme importance for the Group. We introduced a global trainee system in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011. This system allows young employees to be dispatched to overseas subsidiaries for training, and is designed to teach them foreign languages and international business manners as well as help them to better understand other cultures. By the end of March 2019, we had dispatched 108 young employees under this system. From the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, we have launched month-long overseas foreign language training for new employees. In addition, we have also begun inviting employees from overseas subsidiaries to undergo training in Japan. In this way, we are cultivating and strengthening Groupwide globally minded human resources.
Global Trainees (Tsubakimoto Chain, non-consolidated)
Global trainees (United States)
Overseas foreign language training (The Philippines)
 (FYE)
Number of employees dispatched
13 11 14 9 13
 2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 61
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Society
Occupational Safety and Health Promotion
 Under its corporate philosophy, the “Tsubaki Spirit”, the Tsubaki Group has adopted safety and quality as the highest priority in its Code of Conduct, and works to prevent work-related accidents and maintain and enhance the health of its employees as a Monozukuri company.
Safety Management System
The Group has established the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee to supervise health and safety activities for the Group as a whole. The committee formulates the Health and Safety Activities Plan while its Secretariat confirms the status of safety activities at each business location. We promote ongoing safety activities based on the following three pillars.
1) Risk management: Promotion of risk assessment as activities to preemptively avoid serious accidents
2) Equipment and work environment maintenance: Development and operation of machinery and equipment safety guidelines that aim to realize the intrinsic safety of machinery
3) Employee development: Cultivation of safety-oriented people with advanced safety awareness and sensitivity
At the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee held in February 2020, we established the Basic Health and Safety Policy and the Health and Safety Management Regulations, and we are promoting the operation of an health and safety management system for the Group as a whole.
Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee
In February 2009, the Group established the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee, which advances activities aimed at enhancing health and safety throughout the Group.
  The Tsubaki Group Basic Health and Safety Policy
Safety is our highest priority. We will to aim to achieve workplaces where employees can work with peace of mind.
Creation of safe Establishment of safe Development of employees workplaces manufacturing who take action
  Safety Management System
 Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee
(Chairman: Executive officer in charge of quality, the environment, and occupational safety)
   Tsubakimoto Chain Health and Safety Promotion Dept.
Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Implementation Representatives Conference
      Tsubakimoto Chain
(each business division)
Framework for Safety Activities
Domestic Group Companies
Overseas Group Companies
 Customers / Stakeholders
 Zero serious accidents and a pleasant work environment (as a result)
      health and safety activities at each business site
AP
Act Plan
CD
Check Do
Reporting
Instruction
 Employee development (safety-oriented people)
 Workplace culture in which safety is the top priority (safety culture)
 The Tsubaki Group Basic Health and Safety Policy
 TSUBAKI SPIRIT
 62 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
Senior management
Risk management
Equipment and work environment maintenance

Activities in FYE 2020
Activities for Preemptively Avoiding Serious Accidents
The Group carried out its health and safety activities in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 with activities for preemptively avoiding serious accidents as one of its highest priorities. Focusing on accidents in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 that involved employees getting trapped or caught in machinery, we carried out a risk assessment of hazardous areas and implemented countermeasures. The results of an analysis of past accidents and safety patrols revealed that the overwhelming majority of accidents in the Group, which operates in the machinery manufacturing industry, involved employees getting trapped or caught in machinery. Accordingly, the Group focused on this type of accident
with the aim of eliminating it. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we identified 151 such accidents in the Group as a whole and implemented risk assessments. In this way, we are promoting improvement activities in a planned manner.
Global Expansion
As part of our global occupational health and safety activities, we began determining the number of accidents at our global bases and sharing examples of accidents and best practices in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. Guided by the basic approach that safety is the top priority, we have launched global occupational health and safety activities with the aim of eliminating accidents globally, despite the barrier of different laws at different bases.
Promotion of Health and Productivity Management
Maintenance and improvement of health is the driving force that enables employees to work positively and vigorously. In terms of health promotion, in addition to regular health checkups and special health examinations, we implement health checks for employees who work long hours in collaboration with industrial physicians, health management staff, and managers to prevent disease and strengthen early detection activities.
As for support for mental health, we regularly implement education on mental health for employees and supervisors. We have strengthened initiatives toward disease prevention and early treatment by establishing a consultation service operated by dedicated staff. In the
TOPICS
fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we launched a stress check for all of our employees. We are also expanding and improving mental healthcare activities such as conducting follow-up meetings with employees not only when they join the
 Company but also in their third year of employment.
Promoting good health at an after-work Pilates class
   Hazard Drills Led by Workplace Leaders
“Working with peace of mind in safe workplaces”—The Group carries out
hazard drills to cultivate a sensitivity to safety-related hazards. At the
Kyotanabe Plant, subsection managers and team leaders who have
undergone instruction in the Health and Safety Promotion Dept. serve as
instructors for hazard experience drills to take the initiative in thinking about
latent dangers in the workplace and communicate their conclusions to their subordinates. These activities have been well received by those serving as instructors, who reported that their perspectives had changed by participating in a teaching capacity.
A First for the Group in Europe—Acquisition of ISO 45001, the International Standard for Health and Safety
As our automotive parts production base in Europe, our Czech subsidiary, which has acquired international standards certifications for quality and the environment, newly acquired ISO 45001 certification, the international standard for health and safety. Employees are promoting improvements by uniting to implement health and safety as the top priority.
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 63
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Society
Coexistence with Local Communities
The Tsubaki Group’s manufacturing and sales bases extend to 26 countries and regions across the world. We not only contribute to society through our business activities but also understand cultures and laws and regulations that differ by country and region and carry out activities rooted in local communities.
Amid the voluntary cancellation of various events due to COVID-19 from March 2020, we are taking great care to prevent infection as we continue our steady efforts.
  Donation of V2X Bi-Directional EV Charging Systems (eLINK) to Three Cities to Aid Disaster Preparedness and Mitigation Efforts
 Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
We donated V2X bi-directional EV charging systems (eLINK) to the three cities of Kyotanabe, Hanno, and Nagaokakyo to be of use to the disaster preparedness and mitigation measures in the cities where our major plants are based. At the presentation ceremonies in Kyotanabe (held on June 6, 2020) and Nagaokakyo (held on July 22, 2020), President Ohara carried out a demonstration using an electric vehicle (EV) in the presence of Mr. Takashi
Ceremony for the donation to Kyotanabe/ Mayor Uemura (left) and President Ohara
29,953 MangroveTrees Planted in 12Years
Tsubaki Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (TAT)
Tsubaki Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (TAT) began its mangrove-planting activities in 2008. The number of volunteers taking part in these activities has increased in tandem with business expansion, and 2,700 trees were planted in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
The planting of 29,953 trees over 12 years equates to a CO2 reduction of 374.42 tons. These steady, ongoing efforts are contributing to global warming countermeasures.
Uemura, the mayor of Kyotanabe, and Mr. Kengo Nakakoji, the mayor of Nagaokakyo, (a system is scheduled for installation at Hanno at the end of 2020). In the event of a power outage during a large-scale disaster, power will be supplied via the eLINK to locations including the civic hall, which will serve as an emergency response headquarters. At normal times, it will be made available to residents for recharging EVs.
  Utilizing eLINK as an emergency power source during a power outage
EV, etc. eLINK Evacuation Power shelter grid
    64 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

Development of the Next Generation
Online Holding of the Fourth Tsubaki Future Product Creation Contest
Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
In Kyotanabe Plant, the year 2020 marked the fourth Tsubaki Future Product Creation Contest, a collaborative program with the National Institute of Technology, Maizuru College. The lessons, group work, and final review on July 14 were all carried out online due to the spread of COVID-19.
The theme of the 2020 contest was “proposals of new products that bring happiness to people.” Participants used the backcasting concept to imagine hypothetical users in the year 2030
and proposed products to be developed for that era.
Social Contribution
Donation of Previous Work Clothes to Children in Zambia
TsubakiYamakyu Chain CO.
When Tsubaki Yamakyu
Chain updated
employee work clothes
in 2017, it donated the
previous ones that it
collected to Zambia
through a volunteer organization. Company logos were removed in-house before the clothes were sent to the organization. As confirmation of the safe receipt of the donation, Tsubaki Yamakyu Chain received a photograph of the Zambian children holding up the work clothes.
Volunteer Activities in Matching T-Shirts
U.S.Tsubaki Holdings, Inc. (United States)
Tennessee Plant employees proactively participate in volunteer activities that include food drives (activities donating leftover food to
Work Experience for Local Junior High School Students at Our Plants
Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
Iruma Municipal Noda Junior High School implements career education activities for students to nurture their own perspective on work and careers and help them become independent as members of society and professionals in the future. As part of these activities, 21 students from the school visited our Saitama Plant. After presenting an overview of our business activities, we held a question-and-answer session regarding work.
Meanwhile, three first-year students from Kyoto Prefectural Tanabe High School’s machine technology course visited the Kyotanabe Plant to experience firsthand how their daily studies are applied in the real world. Besides a tour of the
plant, we conducted
safety education and a
hands-on experience of
assembly at our
manufacturing factory.
welfare organizations and facilities), donations of materials to schools and animal protection facilities, and fund-raising activities for Cancer Support Day. Employees wear matching t-shirts in line with the activity theme and are expanding the scope of their activities.
Donation of 6,000 Masks in Hope of the Early Resolution of the COVID-19 Pandemic
U.S. Tsubaki Power Transmission, LLC (United States) Hoping for the early resolution of the COVID-19 pandemic, U.S. Tsubaki Power Transmission donated 6,000 masks through Heartland Alliance, a non-profit organization. This organization’s primary    activities entail providing support for those living in poverty in the Chicago region, and the masks were distributed among city residents centered on healthcare workers.
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 65