Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Corporate GovernanceCorporate Governance
The Company regards strengthening corporate governance to realize its basic policy of creating value for customers and contributing to society as one of the most important tasks of business management. The Group has
formulated this approach into the basic policy stated below and is working to realize this policy and enhance corporate governance.
Please see our website for details on our basic policy on corporate governance. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/governance/corporate/
Corporate Governance System (As of June 26, 2020)
General Meeting of Shareholders Appoint or dismiss
Appoint or dismiss
Appoint or dismiss
    Audit & Supervisory
Board
4 Audit & Supervisory Board members
Inside Outside Members Members 22
Audit
Board of Directors 8 directors
(Chairman: CEO)
Inside Outside Directors 5 Directors 3
Consult Recommend
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Committee Chairman: Outside Director
           Internal Auditing Department
  Cooperate
Audit
Overview of Corporate Governance System (As of June 26, 2020) Company with Auditors
Chairman of Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
8 (of which 3 are outside directors)
4 (of which 2 are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
3 outside directors and 2 outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
14 17
2
¥285 million paid to 7 directors
¥47 million paid to 3 Audit & Supervisory Board members (decided by the Audit & Supervisory Board)
Instruct/Supervise
Appoint
or dismiss, Supervise
Executive Officers 19
Report Supervise Place items on agenda/Report
 Report Supervise
Strategy
Committee
(Chairman: CEO)
   Cooperate Cooperate
COO
Management Committee
(Chairman: COO)
Supervise Report
Report
 Audit
Promote
Internal Control Committee
Committees established for:
• Risk management
• Corporate ethics
• Information security • The environment
• Quality
• Health and safety etc.
   Independent Auditors
  Divisions / Group CompaniesOrganizational structure
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Number of directors
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board members
Independent board membersMeetings of the Board of Directors
in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Number of meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Total compensation paid to directors in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Total compensation paid to Audit & Supervisory Board members in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Total compensation paid to outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
46 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020
¥33 million paid to 5 individuals
 Systems for Decision Making, Strategy Formulation and Operational Execution
The Company clearly separates strategy formulation and oversight from business execution through a system in which the Board of Directors performs strategy formulation and oversight for the Group, and the COO and the Management Committee comprising executive officers conduct business execution in a responsible manner.
The Strategy Committee has been positioned as the second-highest authority in the Company after the Board of Directors. By deliberating on and making decisions regarding important Groupwide business strategies and management policies, this committee facilitates strategy formulation transcending business boundaries to quickly address the issues and needs of society as a whole.
We are also taking steps to expedite management by revising agenda items at committees and expanding the scope of the transfer of authority to lower-ranked committees.
Strengthening of Corporate Governance
• Introduced the executive officer system
• Appointed an outside director
• Increased the number of outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members from one to two
• Introduced the Strategy Committee
• Reformed management system to separate the roles of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Operating Officer (COO)
• Responded to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code
• Increased the number of outside directors from two to three
• Established a business segment headquarters in each business segment, which oversees the business segment and its Group companies in Japan and overseas (transferred to a system in which executive officers serve as general managers of business segments)
• Clearly separated strategy formulation and oversight by the Board of Directors from business execution by executive officers
• Established a Nomination and Remuneration Committee as a voluntary advisory body to the Board of Directors
• Abolished the concurrent serving of directors and executive officers
• Introduced a restricted stock compensation system
 FYE 2005
FYE 2012
FYE 2016
FYE 2018
FYE 2019
FYE 2020
FYE 2021
        Systems to Ensure ManagementTransparency and Flexibility
Systems to ensure management transparency and flexibility include appointing three of eight directors as outside directors. The Group’s outside directors meet the requirements for outside directors pursuant to the
Companies Act of Japan as well as the independence criteria for outside directors (Independent board members) that the financial instruments exchange stipulates. We have established a well-balanced
Reasons for Appointing Outside Directors (Independent board members) and Their Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors
 Name
Reason for appointment
Attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Shuji Abe
Keiichi Ando
Hisae Kitayama
The Company appointed Mr. Abe to receive objective advice concerning its focus on technologies, development, and manufacturing as three core areas based on his wealth of insight and experience as the manager of a manufacturing company.
The Company appointed Mr. Ando to receive objective advice concerning its overall business management based on his wealth of insight and experience as the manager of a financial institution.
The Company appointed Ms. Kitayama to receive objective advice concerning its overall business management based on her long experience as a certified public accountant and high level of expertise regarding corporate accounting.
Attended all 14 meetings
Attended all 14 meetings
—
   Reasons for Appointing Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Independent board members) and Their Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board
 Name
Reason for appointment
 Attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Shozo Seki
Hidefumi Naito
The Company appointed Mr. Seki so that its audit system could benefit from his expertise and knowledge as an attorney.
The Company appointed Mr. Naito so that its audit system could benefit from his expertise and knowledge as an attorney.
Board of Directors Attended all 14 meetings
Attended all 14 meetings
Audit & Supervisory Board Attended all 17 meetings
Attended all 17 meetings
  TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 47
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Corporate Governance
composition that helps enliven discussions at meetings of the Board of Directors, with a highly experienced manager of a manufacturing company, a highly experienced manager of a financial institution, and a certified public accountant possessing a high level of expertise in corporate accounting.
Further, two of the Group’s four Audit & Supervisory Board members are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members (Independent board members). The Group has appointed outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Executive Compensation
Compensation for Directors (Excluding Outside Directors)
Compensation comprises fixed compensation and performance-based compensation. The Company has strengthened the link between compensation for directors and corporate performance by evaluating the contribution of each director to the improvement of consolidated management benchmarks, the level of market capitalization, and the achievement of priority goals.
In addition, in June 2020 the Company introduced a restricted stock compensation system to provide an incentive to directors to continuously improve the Company’s corporate value and promote the further sharing of value with shareholders. Under this system, the Company pays restricted stock as compensation to directors (excluding outside directors), the sale of which is restricted for a certain period (between 3 and 30 years, as determined by the Board of Directors).
In July 2020, based on this system, the Company
who have expertise and extensive experience as attorneys. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, with the goal
of bolstering the independence, objectivity, and accountability of the Board of Directors, we established the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an outside director, as a voluntary advisory body to the Board of Directors. This committee has heightened the objectivity of the process for determining the nomination and remuneration of directors and the appointment and dismissal of the CEO and COO.
allocated restricted stock to eligible directors, with the goal of realizing the sharing of shareholder value over the medium-to-long term. The total amount of monetary compensation claims paid under this system shall be not more than ¥60 million per year.
Compensation for Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Compensation comprises fixed compensation only (as of July 2019). Taking into account market-rate salaries and employees’ salary levels, compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board members is determined in consultation with Audit & Supervisory Board members within the limit resolved at the 99th General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2008.
In addition, the Group abolished bonuses for directors in June 2006, and abolished retirement benefits for directors in June 2008.
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
To raise the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, we have been evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors since 2018. The Company has all of its directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members complete a questionnaire on matters including the Board of Directors’ structure, operation, and agenda items. Based on an analysis and evaluation of the questionnaire results, we have determined that the Board of Directors is functioning effectively.
At the same time, based on the results of the previous evaluation, we received more valuable feedback on
matters such as the further improvement of discussions regarding medium- to long-term management policies and strategies and the setting of agenda items at meetings of the Board of Directors, following management system reforms implemented in June 2019. These reforms included 1) Separation of strategy formulation and oversight from business execution, 2) Establishment of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and 3) Changes to the system of directors. We will continue to examine improvements to further raise the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
48 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020

Internal Control System
For the Company and other Group companies, we have formulated internal control regulations and established the Internal Control Committee in accordance with our Basic Policy on Internal Control. The Internal Control Committee is responsible for advancing ongoing initiatives in the following areas that are inclusive of the entire organization and participated in by all employees. (1) Internal control initiatives stipulated by the
Companies Act
We have established an emergency contact system on a global scale to enable information on risks that occur within the Group to be promptly communicated to senior management. We also implement annual risk management status surveys of major subsidiaries in Japan and overseas to ascertain the status of their risk management and follow up on their activities.
(2) Internal control initiatives described in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act
Based on the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, the Group has established internal control initiatives to
Risk Management
To continually maintain and develop our business, it is essential that we fulfill our social responsibility as a corporation while appropriately managing a host of risks that may arise in carrying out our business activities. The Tsubaki Group has established a Basic Risk Management Strategy, under which it strives to prevent the actualization of risks and minimize possible losses by continually identifying and understanding risk factors regarding a host of risks that could significantly impact on management.
We have established several committees under the umbrella of the Internal Control Committee, including the Group Risk Management Committee and those for corporate ethics, information security, the environment, quality, and health and safety. These committees promote risk countermeasures on a Groupwide basis by coordinating among one another to advance various ongoing measures geared toward identifying and evaluating risk factors as well as preventing the
ensure the appropriateness of the preparation process of its consolidated financial statements.
As overseas sales have increased in recent years, the number of overseas subsidiaries covered by these initiatives has increased each year. For this reason, with the aim of quickly introducing these initiatives at overseas subsidiaries, we are taking steps toward establishing related materials for, and the sharing of expertise with, overseas subsidiaries while concentrating efforts on enhancing the efficiency and accuracy of evaluations.
(3) Internal control initiatives conducted by the Group on a voluntary basis
The Group is advancing Tsubaki Internal Control Operation (TICO) initiatives for documenting the procedures of important work in each department. As activities that ensure the appropriateness of controls of risks for each type of work and objectively judge if there is unreasonableness or waste through visualizing important work, the TICO activities play a part in the Group’s important internal control initiatives.
actualization of these risks.
In addition, we have established and are operating an
emergency contact system on a global basis in the event of risk materialization to minimize possible losses. Example of Activities: BCP/Disaster Preparedness Activities
Under the Tsubaki Group Basic BCP Strategy, we are carrying out a variety of disaster preparedness activities in preparation for natural disasters, which have become increasingly common in recent years, and large-scale disasters, which are predicted to occur going forward. These activities include 1) disaster preparedness drills, 2) drills using a safety confirmation system, and 3) stockpiling of disaster preparedness and mitigation items. Placing particular emphasis on initial response to emergencies, we develop our readiness by carrying out simulations on a regular basis.
* BCP: Business Continuity Plan
 Please see our website for more details on our basic risk management strategy. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/governance/riskmanagement/
TSUBAKI REPORT 2020 49
Snapshot of Tsubaki Tsubaki’s Strategies and Performance Tsubaki’s Sustainability Financial and Non-Financial Data and Other Supplementary Information

 Tsubaki’s Sustainability
Corporate Governance
Example of Activities: Electronic Information Security
Amid the development of information technology and the growing importance of information assets, enhancing information security as a corporation contributes to the maintenance of customer trust and the wider stability of society. The Group established an Electronic Information Security Policy to codify its policy for protecting all of the information assets it handles from a range of threats. We are working on
organizational measures, including training for employees through e-learning and other methods.
e-learning screens
    Corporate Ethics and Compliance
In implementing its corporate philosophy, the “Tsubaki Spirit”, the Tsubaki Group believes it is important that all executives and employees conduct themselves based on compliance with laws and regulations, ethics, and internal rules. To that end, we have formulated the Corporate Work Ethics, which are a clearly defined set of ethical guidelines, and we are working to raise awareness of corporate ethics through the Corporate Ethics Awareness Month, training, and other efforts.
Implementation and Spread of Compliance
We have designated February of every year as Corporate Ethics Awareness Month, in which Group companies in Japan and overseas take part (in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, 51 companies took part). Guided by the Corporate Work Ethics, and taking into account the laws and customs of each country, we are carrying out
activities aimed at strict compliance with laws and rules. In addition, as a tool to instill the Corporate Work Ethics, we have prepared the Tsubaki Corporate Ethics Handbook in six languages.
Establishment of a Consultation and Reporting Hotline
As an internal reporting system, we have created a system to facilitate anonymous reporting by establishing a Corporate Ethics Hotline that connects to the employee in charge of corporate ethics or an external party (legal adviser). The Corporate
Ethics Hotline deals not
only with Corporate Work
Ethics and violations of
laws and regulations and
internal rules, but also
personal concerns.
A meeting of Corporate Ethics Awareness Month at an overseas subsidiary
 KPIs Regarding Corporate Governance (Risk Management and Compliance)Material Issues (Priority Matters)
Number of serious violations of companies regulations
KPIs
Number of companies that participated in Corporate Ethics Awareness Month
Disaster preparedness and evacuation drill implementation rate
Number of serious system incident occurrences
Number of information security accident occurrences
Number of warnings received due to infringement of other companies’ rights
FYE 2020 Results
51 companies
93.7%
0
0
0
0
Target Figure
51 companies
100% (10 business sites)
0
0
0
0
Year of AchievementAnnually
FYE 2021
Annually
Annually
Annually
Annually
Scope
Global
Global
Domestic
Domestic
Global
Global Thorough compliance
Crisis response and Business Continuity Plan
Information security
Prevention of intellectual property infringement
Scope: “Domestic” refers to Tsubakimoto Chain and consolidated subsidiaries in Japan; and “Global” refers to the Company and major subsidiaries in Japan and overseas.
       Contribution to the SDGs
Please see our website for more details on corporate governance. (Japanese Only) https://www.tsubakimoto.jp/sustainability/governance/
   50 TSUBAKI REPORT 2020