Supplying key components necessary for eco-friendly cars
Since emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the more than 1.3 billion vehicles on roads around the world are having an impact on global warming, regulations on CO2 emissions and fuel consumption are becoming increasingly stringent in various regions. For this reason, the diffusion of eco-friendly vehicles, such as hybrid electric (HEVs), plug-in hybrid electric (PHEVs), and electric vehicles (EVs), is advancing. And even in the case of conventional gasoline vehicles, the standardization of start-stop functions designed to contribute to the improvement of fuel consumption is progressing. Our Group’s products are playing an important role in this shift to eco-friendly and the electrification of automobiles.
Supporting the stable use of renewable energy with power supply systems and power storage technology
Since worldwide energy demand is increasing as a result of burgeoning populations and economic growth, it is necessary to expand the use of renewable energies to replace the limited fossil fuels, such as oil and coal. The introduction of power source systems and storage batteries to stabilize output fluctuations is essential for the effective use of energy from photovoltaic or wind power generation. Our Group’s products are attracting much attention as indispensable items for the diffusion of photovoltaic and wind power generation.
Assisting the stabilization of power supplies with backup batteries and power supply devices
In an age when electricity is needed for all kinds of things, the activities of society would come to a halt if the supply of electricity were cut off. Since the supply of electricity is often interrupted during disasters, such as floods or earthquakes, the importance of backup power supplies is growing. With their outstanding quality and reliability, our Group’s products are safeguarding society’s basic infrastructure. In addition, we are contributing to the continuity of business in office buildings and plants in the event of a large natural disaster.