 Consideration for the Environment
• Printed on FS Utrillo Gloss Matte N paper produced by Daio Paper.
• Printed using Waterless Printing, which does not use dampening solution
that contains hazardous substances such as IPA (isopropyl alcohol), thus
greatly reducing emissions of Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs).
• Vegetable oil-based inks are used.
適切に管理された森林資源を 用紙の材料にしています。
用 紙 : 当 社「 F S ユ ト リ ロ グ ロ ス マットN」を使用しています。
IPA(イソプロピルアルコール)等 の有害物質を含む「湿し水」を使わ ない水なし印刷を採用し、VOCの 発生を大幅に削減しています。
VOC( 揮 発 性 有 機 化 合 物)の 発 生 の 少 な い、ベジタブルインク を使用しています。
見やすく読みまちがえにくいユニ バーサルデザインフォントを採用 しています。
Daio Paper Group Integrated Report
2020
大王製紙グループ
  統合レポート
2019
大王製紙グループ 統合レポート2019
Shaping an Abundant and Affable Future for the World
世界中の人々へ やさしい未来をつむぐ

  The Daio Paper Group pursues sustainable enhancement of corporate value by emphasizing environmental conservation and coexistence with local communities in the course of its business activities, with a view
to realizing its management philosophy
of “Shaping an abundant and affable
future for the world.”
Since its establishment, Daio Paper has achieved growth as a full-range paper manufacturer
by expanding its business, which includes paper, containerboard, household paper and absorbent products, in response to changes in the business environment and social demand. Going forward, the Daio Paper Group will continue to refine its unique strengths while coexisting with the environment and local communities, aiming for the sustainable enhancement of corporate value.
Management Philosophy
Shaping an Abundant and Affable Future for the World
While we inherited our founding spirit—“Passion with Sincerity”—as our corporate motto, our management philosophy, which forms the basis of our corporate activities, expresses our ambition to provide a richness of mind that goes beyond material wealth—in other words, “an abundant and affable future”—for everyone we engage with in our business activities as a global company.
Four Pillars of the Management Philosophy
AIO
Daio Paper is the only company in the papermaking industry with sales representatives situated all across Japan. We have grown our business through a marketing style embodied by the slogan: “what is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives.” We will continue to further refine our marketing style from the customer’s perspective as a manufacturing company that is the most familiar with our customers’ needs.
While Daio Paper started off manufacturing and selling newsprint and containerboard as our founding business, it has grown into a full-range paper manufacturer with a unique portfolio through entry into the paper business, the household paper business (which includes facial tissues) and the absorbent products business (which includes disposable diapers). We are working to strengthen the Elleair brand to support the enrichment of lives not only in Japan, but also around the world.
       Customer Focus
Brand Strengthening
     D
Dedicated
Dedication to manufacturing
Attentive
Bonds with local communities
Integrated
Corporate culture providing safety and motivation to work
Organic
Contribution to the global environment
Daio Paper Group 1
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
2 Integrated Report

Contents
Integrated Report 2020 presents information in four sections to help stakeholders understand Daio Paper’s vision for the future.
Section 1 introduces the big picture of the Daio Paper Group’s in the form of a value creation story. Section 2 presents the Group’s current condition with a focus on the Third Medium-Term Business Plan, and Section 3 features the Group’s initiatives for the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which contribute to the sustainability of its business activities. Section 4 shows financial information and corporate data.
For details, please visit the website of the Daio Paper Group.
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/
SECTION:04
Data and Information
Financial information and corporate data.
45 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
47 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Cash Flows
         SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
Daio Paper’s corporate image and the Group’s vision for the future in the form of a value creation story.
05 At a Glance
07 History of the Daio Paper Group 09 Strengths of the Daio Paper Group 11 Daio Paper Group’s Vision
13 Message from the President
Reporting Period
April 1, 2019–March 31, 2020
(Some information outside the reporting period is also included.)
Scope of Report
This report covers the 36 companies in the Daio Paper Group. However, environment-related data covers the production bases of the Daio Paper Corporation and the following 25 consolidated subsidiaries:
Iwaki Daio Paper Corporation, Dainichi Paper Corporation, Otsu Paper Board Co., Ltd., Harima Paper Tech. Corporation, Taisei Paper Corporation, Marubishi Paper Tec. Corporation, Elleair Paper Co., Ltd., Akabira Paper Corporation, Elleair Product Co., Ltd., Daio Mill Support Tokai Corporation, Daio Paper Products Corporation, Daio Printing Corporation, Miura Printing Corporation, Senmeisha Corporation, Daio Postal Chemical Corporation, Daiwa Shiko Co., Ltd., Daio Package Corporation, Daio Mill Support Co., Ltd.,
SECTION:02
Progress of the Group
Daio Paper Group’s current condition with a focus on the progress of the Third Medium- Term Business Plan.
19 Roadmap to Realizing the Long-Term Vision
21 Overview of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan
23 Progress with the Third Medium-Term Business Plan
Paper and Paperboard Business
25 Progress with the Third Medium-Term Business Plan
Home and Personal Care Business
Elleair Texel Corporation, Forestal Anchile LTDA., Elleair International (Thailand) Co., Ltd., Elleair International China (Nantong) Co., Ltd., PT. Elleair International Manufacturing Indonesia, Elleair International Turkey Kişisel Bakım Ürünleri Üretim A.Ş., Santher – Fábrica de Papel Santa Therezinha S.A.
Guidelines Used as Reference
“Environmental Reporting Guidelines: Fiscal Year 2018” (Ministry of the Environment), ISO 26000, “International Integrated Reporting Framework Japanese Translation” (The IIRC), “Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation” (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry)
Publication Period
November 2020 (this report) October 2021 (next issue)
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
Initiatives that contribute to business continuity from a longer term perspective.
27 SDG Initiatives
29 Dedicated: Dedication to Manufacturing
31 Attentive: Bonds with Local Communities
33 Integrated: Corporate Culture Providing Safety and Motivation to Work
35 Organic: Contribution to the Global Environment
50
53
54 Corporate Data / Network
            37
Corporate Governance
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers
Basic Policy on Corporate Governance Message from the Outside Director
Period Covered by Fiscal Year
FY2019 and FY2020/03 in this integrated report refer to the consolidated fiscal period from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020, and the same applies to other fiscal years.
Inquiries
CSR Department, Daio Paper Corporation
Iidabashi Grand Bloom, 10-2, Fujimi 2-chome, Chiyoda Ward, Tokyo 102-0071
TEL: +81-3-6856-7500
FAX: +81-3-6856-7605
Descriptions of Future Outlook
Forward-looking statements included in this report are based on various assumptions and do not assure or guarantee the achievement of future financial figures or the attainment of measures.
External Evaluations
Consolidated Financial Statements
Investor Information
                     The first company in the pulp and paper industry selected as a brand of the Health & Productivity Stock Selection.
Recognized as a White 500 company under the large enterprise category for the third consecutive year in the Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program.
Obtained the highest ranking in the DBJ Employees’ Health Management Rating for the fourth consecutive year.
Note:
“Health & Productivity Management” is a registered trademark of Nonprofit Organization Kenkokeiei
       Daio Paper Group
3
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
4
Integrated Report
Signed the Re-Style partner company agreement.

 20,000
specifications of paper
SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
SECTION:03 SECTION:04
SDG Initiatives Data and Information
Net Sales Composition by Segment
 At a Glance
Daio Paper is a full-range paper manufacturer engaged in the integrated production and sale of all types of paper from pulp produced in-house. The Group currently operates businesses in two segments: the business-to-business Paper and Paperboard Business and the business-to-consumer Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business.
Third Medium-Term Business Plan Performance
 (Billions of Yen) Other 3.5%
533.9 546.4 565.0
12.1 30.6 32.0 5.7%
Paper and Paperboard Business 53.1%
¥565.0
billion
   FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Plans)
Net sales
Operating profit
Operating profit margin
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Paper and Paperboard Business
Description of Business
Production and sale of newsprint, printing and publication paper, communication paper, wrapping paper, paperboard and corrugated container products, pulp, etc.
Overview of FY2019
Consolidated net sales for FY2020
       2.3%
   5.6%
   4.7
  19.2
      Number of Products
Market Share
No.1
Elleair is the signature Daio Paper brand. Daio Paper entered the facial tissue market in 1979 and captured the top market share in just seven years. Daio Paper has had No.1 market share in the facial tissue, toilet tissue and kitchen paper categories since 2018.
Source: INTAGE SRI, Facial Tissue, Toilet Tissue, and Kitchen Towel Market (based on value in FY2018 and FY2019)
Forests and plantations owned by Forestal Anchile in Chile, South America
Number of Production and Group Company Business Sites
  Approx.
H&PC 14.5 Business
43.4%
     Daio Paper manufactures and sells newsprint, printing and publication paper, communication paper, wrapping paper, containerboard and household paper products—a total of approximately 20,000 different specifications of paper made from pulp produced in-house.
Area of Company-Owned Forest
59,000
Net Sales and Operating Profit
 316.5
8.1
FY2018
317.8
19.9
300.0
16.5
FY2020 (Plans)
           Daio Paper owns 59,000 hectares of forested land in Chile, roughly the same area as Tokyo’s 23 wards. Of this, Daio Paper has preserved 28,000 hectares as native forest and is working to maintain biodiversity.
Number of Employees
10,446
(As of March 31, 2020)
Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business
Description of Business
Net Sales and Operating Profit
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (FY2019), Daio Paper
stopped the N7 paper machine at Mishima Mill in order to rebuild
it into a containerboard machine (operational in April 2020). Daio
Paper worked to maintain market conditions by decreasing its
paper production volume and increasing the usage of hard-to-
recycle recovered paper by leveraging our recovered paper
processing technologies. Due to these efforts, both net sales and Net sales (Billions of Yen) operating profit in the Paper and Paperboard Business increased Operating profit (Billions of Yen) from the previous fiscal year.
 ha
FY2019
             927 8
countries overseas
(As of September 30, 2020)
Production and sale of household paper (e.g. facial tissues), disposable baby and adult diapers, feminine care products, wet wipes, etc.
Overview of FY2019
In FY2019, the Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business focused efforts on stabilizing supply by strengthening its production and logistics systems, mainly for household paper and wet wipes. In addition, Daio Paper identified profit improvement as a key issue at the beginning of the period, and it worked to revise prices, making use of its position as the leading household paper manufacturer in Japan. Due to these efforts, both net sales and operating profit in the H&PC Business increased from the previous fiscal year.
195.1
4.3
FY2018
204.7
8.0
FY2019
245.0
14.5
FY2020 (Plans)
        sites
in Japan
                 sites in
          Net sales (Billions of Yen) Operating profit (Billions of Yen)
 Daio Paper Group 5
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
6 Integrated Report

        SECTION:01 SECTION:02 SECTION:03 SECTION:04
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives Data and Information
   History of the Daio Paper Group
 Daio Paper was established in Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture in 1943 as a manufacturer of newsprint and containerboard. The Company subsequently expanded into the paper business and the household paper business, growing into a full-range paper manufacturer. By leveraging the brand power developed through its household paper business, Daio Paper entered the absorbent products market with products such as disposable baby diapers. In 2011, Daio Paper built a disposable baby diaper factory in Thailand, embarking on a full-scale expansion into overseas markets
with the aim of further growth.
Diversification
- 1980 2010
Winning No.1 market share with product development and
sales strategies that foresaw consumers’ needs
Daio Paper made its full-scale entry into the household paper market, launching the production and sales of kitchen paper—following facial tissues and toilet tissues—and also disposable diapers. Daio Paper’s Elleair brand facial tissue and toilet tissue won the No.1 market share with product development and sales strategies that foresaw consumers’ needs.
In June 1989, Daio Paper established Forestal Anchile LTDA. in Chile and commenced its forestry business. In addition, Iwaki Daio Paper Corporation was established in 1996 in Iwaki City, Fukushima Prefecture, and it commenced the production and sale of Japan’s first newsprint made from 100% recovered paper.
To the Global Stage
2010-
Accelerating overseas expansion of the H&PC Business using know-how and technological capabilities developed in Japan
   (Billions of Yen) 600
500
400
Leap Forward
Daio Paper accelerated the expansion of the H&PC
Business into overseas markets using the know-how
and technological capabilities developed in Japan. 600 The Company has worked to expand its business by
increasing the areas in which it operates, establishing
local production and sales subsidiaries in Thailand,
China and Indonesia, and acquiring hygiene products
manufacturers in Brazil and Turkey.
500
400
1960-1980
Making a leap forward as a full-range paper manufacturer capturing changes in industrial and demand structure
Daio Paper commenced construction on the New Mishima Mill in 1970, and it has, over the years, also both modified existing and installed new paper machines, pulp facilities and in-house power generation facilities at the Mishima Mill. With the successive installation of the N1 to N4 paper machines, Daio Paper completed its foundation as a full-range paper manufacturer, stabilizing supply and improving productivity for a wide variety of papers, such as
(Billions of Yen)
   Establishment
1943-1960
Became a newsprint manufacturer against a background of growing
    demand for paper
Daio Paper was established in 1943 through a merger of Shikoku Paper Corporation and 13 other paper companies for the purpose of manufacturing and selling washi (traditional Japanese paper).
In 1947, the founder Isekichi Ikawa decided to switch to manufacturing yoshi (paper made in the Western style) as he foresaw the downturn of washi and determined that yoshi is the only way forward. Subsequently, against a backdrop of growing demand for paper, in addition to newsprint, Daio Paper expanded its containerboard facilities, establishing the foundation of its business.
printing and wrapping paper in addition to newsprint and containerboard. In 1979, Daio Paper commenced production and sale of the Elleair brand of facial tissue and toilet tissue to respond to changes in both industrial and demand structures, building the foundation for Daio Paper’s unique product portfolio of today.
2011: Established Elleair International Thailand
Co., Ltd. 300
200
          300
200
1983: Acquired Nagoya Pulp (now the Kani Mill)
          100
100
1970: Built the New Mishima Mill
1989: Established Forestal Anchile LTDA.
2012: Established Elleair International China (Nantong) Co., Ltd.
      2007: Acquired the
1979: Launched 1980: Launched Attento brand disposable 2014: Established PT. Elleair International
1952: The Mishima Mill Elleair facial tissues disposable baby diapers 1996: Established Iwaki Daio Paper Corporation adult diaper business Manufacturing Indonesia
     FY1950 FY1959 FY1969 FY1979 FY1989 FY1999 FY2009 FY2019
Paper and Paperboard Business H&PC Business H&PC overseas business Other
Daio Paper Group 7 Integrated Report Daio Paper Group 8 Integrated Report
                                                                     
The driving forces behind the growth of the Daio Paper Group are the competitive advantages cultivated in a wide range of businesses extending from materials such as newsprint, printing paper and containerboard, through to home and personal care products that support day-to-day lives, as well as the strengths that originate from the Group’s competitive advantages.
SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
SECTION:02
Progress of the Group
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
 Strengths of the Daio Paper Group
 Core Competencies
Brand Power
Full-range paper manufacturer that operates a Paper and Paperboard Business and a H&PC Business
Elleair brand assets and brand- building capabilities
Cost Competitiveness
Sharing of advanced technological capabilities and expertise through integrated Group operations
High productivity in the procurement of materials, in production and in sales
Intellectual property upheld by large numbers of patent applications filed and patents in force
Human Resource Capabilities
Diverse human resources underpinning sustainable corporate growth
Functional organizations for procurement of raw materials, production and sales
Diverse management
Problem-Solving Capabilities
Business development toward the realization of a sustainable society
Co-existence with all stakeholders
                Competitive Advantage 1
Product Value Chain
Competitive Advantage 2
Market-Driven Business Strategy
Competitive Advantage 3
Environmentally Conscious Company
Daio Paper has built a product value chain capable of timely and efficient production in response to changes in paper demand trends in order to achieve sustainable growth.
The Mishima Mill, Daio Paper’s core paper mill, is one of the world’s largest coastal paper mills and engages in integrated production of paper and paperboard from pulp produced in-house. Its annual production capacity is approximately 2.1 million tons, or some 8% of Japan’s total paper and paperboard production.
The Mishima Mill is located adjacent to an international trade port, putting it at an advantage in terms of logistics costs and procurement costs for raw materials and fuel. It also has softwood and hardwood pulp facilities with one of Japan’s largest pulp production capacities and they supply pulp in slurry form directly to the paper machines through pipes. For these reasons, the paper and containerboard produced by Mishima Mill is highly cost-competitive.
With a basic stance of what is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives and as a manufacturer that aspires to know its customers best, we have put efforts into the expansion of our sales networks and the training of sales representatives. We have also applied the business-to- consumer marketing style of the H&PC Business to the Paper and Paperboard Business, creating a sales strategy that is unique in the business-to-business paper and paperboard industry.
Each and every sales representative observes and anticipates market trends through their day-to-day marketing activities with customers, and relates that information to facilitate product development and proposal activities that respond quickly to customer needs. This market-driven business strategy is unique to Daio Paper and is one of our competitive advantages.
Since its establishment, Daio Paper has been engaged in environmental conservation, with initiatives such as high utilization rate of recovered paper, energy conservation and recycling of industrial water. In 1989, we established a forestry company Forestal Anchile LTDA. in Chile, South America. The company owns 59,000 hectares of forested land, approximately the same area as Tokyo’s 23 wards, and practices sustainable forest management. We have preserved 28,000 hectares, about half of the landholding, as native forest and are working on the conservation of biodiversity.
Daio Paper is also actively conserving the environment through business development that is in harmony with the global environment, such as achieving a recovered paper usage rate that exceeds the industry average by increasing usage of hard-to-recycle recovered paper, a material that was previously disposed of as waste.
The Mishima Mill accounts for some paper and paperboard production
8
% of Japan’s total
The coastal mill is one of the most cost competitive
in Japan
Produces a wide range of pulps, paper and containerboard products
           Community-Based Integrated Care Systems Initiatives
(Integrated support and services involving Daio Paper, hospitals, elderly care facilities and retailers)
Institutional sales
1 Disposablediapers for institutions, etc.
Provides
discharge kits
(Samples of the same products as in 1 with product name and usage method, etc. enclosed)
Same community
  Daio Paper
Use in hospital/ facilities, etc.
3 Careathomeafter discharge
People requiring care at home
4 Requesttousesame products as in 1
Retailers
 2
   5 Suppliesretailversionofsame products as in 1 to retail stores
Forested land owned by Forestal Anchile LTDA. in Chile, South America:
59,000
ha
       Approximately same area as Tokyo’s 23 wards
Half of the area preserved as native forest
      Daio Paper Group 9 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 10
Integrated Report
Retail sales

  Daio Paper Group’s Vision
The Daio Paper Group has tackled diverse challenges and created new value as a full-range paper manufacturer engaged in the production and sale of paper and paperboard products and home and personal care products.
The source of this value creation is DAIO, the four pillars of Daio Paper’s management philosophy, “Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world.” Going forward, we will continue to provide value that exceeds the expectations of all stakeholders through
the provision of high value-added, people-friendly products.
 Daio Paper Group’s Credo, Strengths and Strategies
Credo (Four Pillars of the Management Philosophy)
      Social Issues
Changes in the market environment due to the declining birthrate and aging population
Changes in purchasing behavior and lifestyle patterns due to the digitization of the purchasing process and means of information gathering
Decline in working population
Growing needs due to increasing healthy life expectancy
Increase in the number of people in need of nursing care in a society where longevity is the norm
Responding to COVID-19
Economic and population growth in emerging countries
Improvement in living standards due to economic growth
Increasing global awareness of environmental conservation
Zero-carbon society
Plastic-free movement (reduction of marine plastic)
D : Dedicated A : Attentive
I : Integrated O : Organic
Dedication to manufacturing
Bonds with local communities Corporate culture providing safety and motivation to work
Contribution to the global environment
   Unique Strengths
(1) Brand Power
Full-range paper manufacturer that operates a Paper and Paperboard Business and a H&PC Business
Elleair brand assets and brand-building capabilities
(2) Cost Competitiveness
Sharing of advanced technological capabilities and expertise through integrated Group operations
High productivity in the procurement of materials, in production and in sales Intellectual property upheld by large numbers of patent applications filed and patents in force
(3) Human Resource Capabilities
Diverse human resources underpinning sustainable corporate growth
Functional organizations for procurement of raw materials, production and sales Diverse management
(4) Problem-Solving Capabilities
Business development toward the realization of a sustainable society Co-existence with all stakeholders
Growth Strategies
Promote globalization to support long-term growth
Transform business structure in response to changes in the business environment
Deepen initiatives pertaining to the SDGs to contribute to a sustainable society
        Daio Paper Group 11 Integrated Report
 SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
    Initiatives Aimed at Solving Social Issues
D Dedication to Manufacturing (1) Sustainable innovation
Provide products that meet consumers’ needs through flexible production system Maintain stable supply system through development of product value chain
A Bonds with Local Communities (1) Comfortable lifestyle
(2) Harmonious growth with local communities
Grow in harmony with local communities Create employment and develop communities
I
(1) Provision of people-friendly services
Provide support for stress-free
nursing care activities with Gambaranai Kaigo-seikatsu o Kangaeru Kai
Develop and provide products to respond to COVID-19 and
large-scale disasters
(2) Abundant lifestyle
Improve employee satisfaction Achieve accident-free workplaces
O Contribution to the Global Environment
(1) Provision of environment-friendly products
Develop and sell products that reduce plastic waste Develop applications for cellulose
nanofiber (CNF) and increase sales
(2) Passing on a healthy Earth to the next generation
Reduce CO2 emissions from fossil fuel energy sources Achieve zero emissions Increase use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper
Forestry business
         Corporate Culture Providing Safety
and Motivation to Work
Employees and their families
Safety-first workplace environment
Customers
High-quality, high value-added products and services
 Suppliers
Grow together
 Local communities
Lifestyle, industrial and cultural development
    Daio Paper Group 12
Integrated Report
Shareholders and investors
Stable dividend
 Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world

 ALWAYS MOVING FORWARD
Masayoshi Sako
President and Representative Director
     Message from the President
SECTION:01 SECTION:02 SECTION:03 SECTION:04
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives Data and Information
Since its founding, the Daio Paper Group has grown as a full-range paper manufacturer while expanding its business operations by flexibly responding to changes in its business environment.
Moving forward, the Group will continue to pursue further growth strategies and the transformation of its business structure amid rapid changes in the business environment. Through this, the Group seeks to achieve sustainable growth so as to realize its management philosophy of “Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world” through initiatives that contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Toward Achievement of Our Long-Term Vision
Flexibly Responding to Changes
in the Business Environment and Pursuing Radical Structural Reform
In recent years, the papermaking industry has been undergoing a period of major structural transformation. For the Daio Paper Group to provide a variety of value to society and continue to be an attractive company for its stakeholders amid this trend of the times, it is essential to radically reform its business structure. As such, the Group has adopted the following as its long-term vision: “To strategically reform its business portfolio and become a sustainable corporate group capable of continuous growth.” For this reason, we are pursuing multifaceted initiatives to achieve our targets for FY2026: net sales of ¥800 billion to ¥1 trillion, 50% or more of which will be generated by the H&PC Business and 30% or more from H&PC overseas business.
The crux of our strategy is the Mishima Mill, the Group’s core paper mill, which is located in Shikokuchou City, Ehime Prefecture. Its strengths, such as its ability to manufacture kraft pulp with a competitive edge, its recovered paper processing technology that is top-tier in Japan, and its strategic location next to an international trade port, have enabled us to implement our key measures. We are making full use of these comparative advantages in infrastructure to respond to changes in demand trends and firmly pursue a radical cross-business structural reform of the Paper and Paperboard Business and the H&PC Business.
Review of FY2019:
Achieved Increases in Sales and Income Amid Harsh Business Conditions
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (FY2019), uncertainty about the future of the global economy increased due to the prolonged U.S.-China trade friction and other factors. At the same time, in Japan, it was a year marked by major changes in the business environment, including the occurrence of a series of natural disasters and the change in consumer sentiment following the consumption tax rate hike, as well as the impact of the spread of COVID-19 from early 2020. Looking at the papermaking industry, domestic demand for paper and paperboard in 2019 was down 3.6% and 1.9%, respectively, from the previous year and totaled 25.36 million tons (down 2.8% compared with the previous year).
Under these circumstances, in FY2019—the second year of our Third Medium-Term Business Plan, “Move on: Reform and Soar Above”—we proactively implemented strategies with a view to medium- to long-term growth while responding to rapid changes in the external environment.
With regard to the Paper and Paperboard Business, we rebuilt the N7 paper machine at the Mishima Mill into a machine for containerboard, for which there is strong demand. The rebuilt machine has been in operation since April 2020. In addition, we worked on pushing through price revisions for paper and paperboard, and on reducing costs by increasing the ratio of hard-to- recycle recovered paper pulp used in containerboard manufacturing.
With regard to the H&PC Business in Japan,
Net sales of
¥800 billion to ¥1 trillion
in FY2026
Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business net sales ratio of
50% or more
H&PC overseas business net sales ratio of
30% or more
   Daio Paper Group
13 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 14
Integrated Report

SECTION:01 SECTION:02 SECTION:03 Value Creation Story Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives
We will respond to the diversifying needs brought about by changes in lifestyles following the spread of COVID-19.
SECTION:04
Data and Information
 Message from the President
our focus has been on stable supply as we strengthen the production and sales structure for household paper products, demand for which is increasing at a remarkable rate. The first household paper machine at the Kawanoe Mill, which is adjacent to the Mishima Mill, has been in operation since September 2018.
In H&PC overseas business, we laid the foundations for the future such as by pursuing a multi-category business expansion strategy as we started to sell premium toilet roll in China, by realigning our distributor structure in Indonesia and Thailand, by strengthening activities in Turkey and by opening a representative office in Russia.
As a result of these efforts, in FY2019, we achieved net sales and operating profit of ¥546.4 billion and ¥30.6 billion respectively, both exceeding the previous fiscal year, and profit of ¥19.2 billion, a record high. The structural reforms are progressing steadily, and it is evident that our ability to respond to changes in the environment has improved significantly. However, our focus is nonetheless on achieving the goals for the final year of our medium-term business plan, and my concern is on making steady progress, step by step, by means of corporate management that is mindful of continuity rather than singular events.
Responding to Changes
in the Business Environment, Including COVID-19
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a tremendous impact on the economy as well as society, and the business environment surrounding the Group has undergone significant change. Amid declining demand for paper due to the advancement of digitalization and other factors, the impact of COVID-19 has been greater than expected, and we believe that the decline in demand is occurring at a pace several years faster than initial projections.
On the other hand, new business opportunities are emerging as the needs for H&PC-related products are diversifying due to changes in lifestyles and heightened hygiene consciousness stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. Through flexible and prompt response, the Group aims to capture these business opportunities under its basic policy regarding structural reform: “to repurpose kraft
pulp with a competitive edge to manufacture paper grades with growing demand or high value-added paper grades.” Furthermore, as the leading manufacturer of household paper products in Japan, our flexible and prompt response holds great significance in terms of fulfilling our social responsibilities too.
To that end, we are implementing three measures.
The first involves strengthening the supply of paper towels. In response to the rapid increase in both demand from corporations, such as offices and commercial facilities, and demand from households, we decided to install a new dedicated papermaking machine and converting equipment for paper towels at our core mill, the Mishima Mill. Full operation is scheduled to begin in July 2021.
The second measure is to meet the needs for products for cleaning with wipes. We are working to expand and reinforce our facilities to meet the nationwide shortage of sanitizing wet tissues brought about by the switch from cloths to disposables and the demand to wipe and clean outside the home.
The third measure is the start of domestic production of disposable face masks. In April 2020, we installed and started operating a state-of-the-art mask production machine at Elleair Product’s Tochigi Mill (in Sakura City, Tochigi Prefecture), and in June, we installed and started operating a second unit. With a monthly production capacity of 26 million masks, we will contribute to stabilizing the supply of masks for retail and for institutions and corporations.
Review of the First and Second Medium-Term Business Plans and Progress with the Third Medium-Term Business Plan, “Move on: Reform and Soar Above”
Since 2012, the Group has been formulating a medium-term business plan every three years to flexibly respond to various management issues that arise from changes in its operating environment and to sustainably increase its corporate value. The Group’s long-term vision is “To strategically reform its business portfolio and become a sustainable corporate group capable of continuous growth” and we strive to achieve it by formulating and executing a
15-year growth strategy, spanning from the first to the fifth medium-term business plans. Each business plan is devised by envisioning our ideal form of business in the medium to long term, and conceiving what should be done at that point in time to realize that vision.
Under the First Medium-Term Business Plan, “Restart—Solid Reform and Further Growth” (FY2012 to FY2014), we declared the rebuilding of our management base as our priority issue and focused on strengthening governance and improving our financial position to, as its slogan suggests, start over as a newborn Daio Paper. Under the Second Medium-Term Business Plan, “Step-up—Leap and Expand” (FY2015 to FY2017), we worked to expand globally by broadening the foundation we built under the First Medium-Term Business Plan. By expanding the H&PC Business in Japan and overseas while accelerating changes in business structure through M&A and other means, we laid the groundwork for future growth.
Under the Third Medium-Term Business Plan, which is currently under way, we are aiming to bring the results of the past to fruition and to develop a strong corporate structure that can respond to sudden changes in the external environment. To that end, we are deploying the following key strategies.
The first is the structural reform of the Paper and Paperboard Business. In anticipation of changes in the demand structure for paper and newsprint, we have been steadily shifting from graphic paper to packaging paper by making full use of the advantages of the Mishima Mill. The containerboard produced by the N7 machine—the containerboard machine which was rebuilt from a paper machine and which started operating from April 2020—will mainly be exported to China and other Asian countries.
To facilitate that, we are developing a sales structure that regards Japan and Asia as one market. Meanwhile, in the paper business, we are expanding the scale of the business by acquiring printing companies to strengthen the business through the integration of our paper and printing operations.
The next key strategy involves the global expansion and the strengthening of the profitability of the H&PC Business. In the domestic H&PC Business, we will continue to strengthen our production capacity and structure, which we have been doing since the Second Medium-Term Business Plan. In addition, we are expanding our lineup of value-added products to establish our position as No.1 in terms of market share in all categories, such as facial tissue, toilet tissue and kitchen paper. In the H&PC overseas business, amid intensifying competition in each country, we are leveraging the brand equity established through our baby diaper business in those countries to speed up multi-category business expansion with the goal of turning the business into a growth driver. This will be achieved by diversifying our product offerings, such as by adding household paper and feminine care products.
We have also made progress with new businesses, which will lead on to the fourth and fifth medium-term business plans. In July 2020, we launched a biomass power generation business that utilizes the feed-in tariff (FIT) scheme. We are also planning to accelerate efforts toward commercializing cellulose nanofiber (CNF)*, a wood pulp-derived, highly functional material.
* Cellulose nanofiber (CNF): A wood pulp-derived, highly functional material that is only one-fifth the weight of steel but possesses five times its strength and that is expected to be used in diverse applications
   Daio Paper Group 15 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 16 Integrated Report

Message from the President
The Keys to Achieving Our Long-Term Vision: Integrated Operations and Globalization
The keys to achieving our long-term vision are the deployment of integrated operations and the globalization of our business.
The term “integrated operations” carries many meanings. The first meaning involves the integrated operations of production and sales. We believe that in order to survive in the harsh business environment, it is essential for our workers at the mills and factories—our production sites—and those who are at the forefront of sales—our sales staff—to think from each other’s perspectives, detect the waves of change and proactively take action.
The second meaning involves integrated operations across businesses: the Paper and Paperboard Business and the H&PC Business, the overseas business and domestic business, and even across smaller divisions. To create new growth opportunities and avoid missing opportunities, we have to work to optimize our operations by doing away with organizational and hierarchal barriers so that we are free to utilize both vertical and horizontal connections within the organization to advance our business. The third and last meaning is integrated operations in terms of business matching. The integration of the paper and printing businesses is one example. Since the Second Medium-Term Business Plan, we have welcomed several printing companies into the Group through M&A and have been working to integrate operations of the paper and printing businesses. The main motive behind this strategy is to enable the Group to quickly detect changes in the market, such as demand trends,
like a radar. As a paper manufacturer, it is important for us to ascertain how paper is being used and grasp other factors, and I think that this will turn into an advantage that will help to set us further apart from our competitors.
Given that domestic demand is declining at a quicker pace than ever before, globalization is an indispensable strategy for the Group to continue growing sustainably. We have already achieved some results in Asia. Moving forward, we seek to expand our geographical coverage, such as to include Turkey and its neighboring countries, as well as South America with a focus on Brazil, and we shall deploy our unique, built-in-Asia business model there. To gain a foothold into the region, we acquired the Turkish hygiene products manufacturer, Özen A.S. in May 2020 and the Brazilian sanitary goods manufacturer, Santher S.A. in June. We plan to realize synergy effects with both businesses in their respective countries first by applying the know-how we have cultivated in the Japanese and Asian markets. At the same time, we plan to develop these businesses into regional bases with an eye to entering the markets of neighboring countries and regions, such as Russia, the Middle East and Africa.
In the years ahead, as we expand our geographical coverage in the area, we ultimately hope to eventually expand into Northern Africa from Turkey, and into Southern Africa from Brazil to cover the whole of Africa.
Initiatives toward SDGs Underlying the Group’s Sustainable Growth
The Group is implementing sustainable management to realize its management philosophy of “Shaping an abundant and
affable future for the world.” By working to solve a range of environmental and social issues through our business, we aim to co-create value with society and build relationships of trust with our stakeholders. We believe that the realization of our management philosophy is in line with the principles behind the SDGs, which aim to solve social issues.
One of our top priorities is to tackle climate change. Under a medium- to long-term plan, we are implementing four mainstay initiatives: (1) energy transition, (2) material transition, (3) energy saving and (4) forestry business.
Toward energy transition, we are using waste plastics and other waste materials as fuel, and we are promoting the conversion from coal to biomass fuel. By 2030, we will shut down one of the three coal-fired boilers at the Mishima Mill, and we aim to completely phase out the use of coal by 2050.
Next, we will work to reduce CO2 emissions across product life cycles through material transition. We are working to take advantage of CNF’s lightweight and high-strength properties to reduce the weight of automobiles, which will improve fuel efficiency and therefore contribute to CO2 emission reductions. In addition, as paper is suitable for recycling, we are also working to supply paper materials as alternatives to plastic materials, such as EliPla +, which is suitable for disposable cutlery, and heat-sealable, oil-resistant paper, which can replace laminated paper.
Concerning energy saving, the entire Group is working toward the goal of reducing energy consumption per unit by 1% every year. Also, as hard-to-recycle recovered paper is conventionally unused and has been disposed of as waste, we plan to increase its usage, with a goal of raising the ratio of hard-to-recycle recovered paper pulp in containerboard to 30% by FY2030.
Lastly, we are also working to increase CO2 absorption and fixation through our forestry business in Chile.
As a priority on the social front, we are working on measures to improve quality of life (QOL) to realize a healthy and long-lived society. Amid advances being made toward an inclusive community-based society in Japan, we are operating a community site (“Long-term care circle created by everyone”), which provides a forum for people involved in long-term care to interact on the Internet, and we are also supporting child-rearing together with
Ehime Prefecture and Shikokuchuo City. Meanwhile, we are working to coexist with local communities in Japan and overseas. We contribute to communities overseas through initiatives such as the Heart Support Project, which gives support to empower women in Kenya, a market Daio Paper has yet to enter. We also support working mothers by offering highly absorbent baby diapers that require less frequent changing to suit the different living conditions in each country.
Internally, our priority issue is to create a safe and rewarding corporate culture, and to that end, we are focusing on diversity and inclusion (D&I) as well as health management initiatives.
Finally, we will continue to further develop and strengthen our governance. We have started evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, introduced a stock-based incentive system for officers and strengthened the supervisory function by establishing compliance, remuneration and nomination committees.
To All Our Stakeholders
The Company places top priority on the return of profit to shareholders. Its basic policy is to continue to pay stable dividends, while taking into consideration factors such as the status of business and the sufficiency of retained earnings.
With regard to our future finance and capital strategies, we will conduct a thorough review of our investment plans in light of the impact of the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19. We aim to limit investments to within the scope of depreciation expenses, and we will prioritize necessary investments that strengthen the Company’s profitability and for structural reform. We will also focus on strengthening our financial position with a goal of achieving A credit rating in FY2023, the final year of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan.
Although the goals of our long-term vision are set at high levels, we will strive to achieve those goals through integrated Group operations, embodying the Company’s founding spirit and our credo: “Passion with sincerity leads to greatness.”
On behalf of the Company, I would like to extend my thanks to all of our stakeholders and we sincerely look forward to your continued and unwavering support.
SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
SECTION:02 SECTION:03 SECTION:04
Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives Data and Information
   In response to changes in the environment, we are firmly pursuing the radical cross- business structural reform of the Paper and Paperboard Business and the H&PC Business.
 Daio Paper Group 17 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 18 Integrated Report

In 2012, the Group made a fresh start as a restructured Daio Paper Group and set out its long-term vision with a target of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2027 (FY2026), 15 years into the future. The Group will realize the long-term vision by working on various growth strategies and structural reform measures under its medium-term business plans.
SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
SECTION:02
Progress of the Group
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
 Roadmap to Realizing the Long-Term Vision
    The First Medium-Term Business Plan
(FY2012–FY2014)
“Restart—Solid Reform and Further Growth”
(1) Rebuilding of Business Foundation and Growth Strategy
Revamping of governance structure, integrated management and operation of production and sales, achievement of higher efficiency through merger of organization and Group companies as well as improvement of financial strength.
(2) Improvement of Profitability of Paper Business through Cost Reduction and Structural Shift of Product Mix
Reduction of pulp costs by increasing kraft pulp production, structural shift of product mix, reduction of logistics costs, increase of profitability with the involvement of every member of the Company through a flag system (a bottom-up suggestion/feedback tool) and best practices.
(3) Strengthening of Containerboard and Corrugated Container Business
Merger and integrated operation of corrugated cardboard subsidiaries, relocation of paper machine from Kani Mill to Iwaki Daio Paper and rebuilding it into a containerboard machine.
(4) Expansion of Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business
Improvement of profitability of household paper products (shift to high value-added products), strengthening of domestic absorbent products business and strengthening of absorbent products business in Asia (establishment of EIT [Thailand] in 2011, EICN [Nantong, China] in 2012 and EIMI [Indonesia] in 2014).
The Second Medium-Term Business Plan
(FY2015–FY2017)
“Step-up—Leap and Expand”
(1) Structural Shifting of Paper Business
Shift of product mix to maximize profit, acquisition of Miura Printing and integration of its operations with Daio Printing Corporation.
(2) Strengthening of Containerboard and Corrugated Container Business
Start of operation of No. 3 paper machine at Iwaki Daio Paper, strengthening of proposal activities to regional users following merger of corrugated cardboard subsidiaries, joint proposals of corrugated containers and paper containers enabled by integrated operations with the acquired Daiwa Shiko.
(3) Further Growth and Acceleration of H&PC Business
Increase of market share for household paper products through the acquisition of Nisshinbo Holding’s paper products business, increase of sales of high value-added products leveraging strength of Elleair brand and expansion of domestic supply capacity for absorbent products through start of operation of Elleair Product’s Fukushima Mill.
(4) Development of New Businesses/ Cellulose Nanofiber (CNF)
Expansion of CNF product lineup through start of operation of pilot plant for production of dry powder type CNF.
The Third Medium-Term Business Plan
(FY2018–FY2020)
“Move on: Reform and Soar Above”
Long-Term Vision
(FY2012–FY2026)
Management Philosophy
(1) Radical Cross-Business Structural Reform of Paper and Paperboard Business and
H&PC Business
Operation of KN1 sanitary paper machine in October 2018 in Kawanoe Mill, rebuilding of N7 containerboard machine— which was repurposed from a machine for paper—to produce containerboard and its start of operation in April 2020, expansion in exports of containerboard and kraft paper to Asian markets as well as strengthening of cost competitiveness through use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper.
(2) Global Expansion and Strengthening of Profitability of H&PC Business
Expansion in sales of premium toilet tissue in China, expansion of overseas business through acquisitions in Brazil (Santher S.A.) and Turkey (Özen A.S.) and strengthening of domestic supply capacity for masks, wet wipes and paper towels.
(3) New Businesses
Commencement of biomass power generation business using feed-in tariff (FIT) scheme in July 2020 and efforts toward commercialization of CNF (as material for table tennis rackets by Tamasu Co., Ltd., as materials for electric vehicle [EV] racing cars, etc.).
“Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world”
The Group set targets to be achieved in FY2026 as milestones aimed at achieving its management philosophy. The targets are net sales of ¥800 billion to ¥1 trillion, with 50% or more contributed from the H&PC Business and 30% or more from the H&PC overseas business. Moreover, by backcasting from these targets to identify the necessary actions that are then incorporated into three-year medium- term business plans, the Group has increased the likelihood of it achieving these targets.
The Group strives to increase its corporate value through sustainable growth by establishing a stable earnings base to enable a viable growth investment strategy. It seeks to do so by pursuing globalization in its business as well as structural reform to adapt to changes in the business environment.
    The First Medium-Term Business Plan
407.4 430.1
10.7 13.1
2.6 3.0
11.6 16.0
2.8 3.7
15.1 6.3
97.1 109.8
16.8 6.1
The Second Medium-Term Business Plan
The Third Medium-Term Business Plan
Long-Term Vision
FY2026 (Plans)
565.0 ¥800 billion–¥1 trillion
65.0 —
11.5 30% or more
32.0 ¥80 billion–¥100 billion
5.7 10%
14.5 —
— —
6.5 12% or more
320.0 —
    Consolidated net sales
H&PC overseas business net sales
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
  H&PC overseas business net sales ratio
 Operating profit
 Operating margin
 Profit attributable to owners of parent
 Equity
 ROE
 Net interest-bearing debt
 Net debt to equity ratio
  FY2015
 FY2016
 FY2017
 FY2018
 FY2019
 FY2020 (Plans)
    (Billions of Yen)
(Billions of Yen)
(%)
(Billions of Yen)
(%)
(Billions of Yen)
(Billions of Yen)
(%)
(Billions of Yen)
(Times)
363.5
331.8
450.2
22.2
4.9
21.8
4.8
13.2
154.5
10.0
292.5
474.1
25.1
5.3
24.3
5.1
14.6
163.1
9.2
281.5
477.1 531.3
31.8 41.1
6.7 7.7
23.5 11.1
4.9 2.1
12.1 4.0
176.5 178.0
7.1 2.2
255.1 280.0
533.9
34.5
6.5
12.1
2.3
4.7
185.6
2.6
301.9
1.6
546.4
34.5
6.3
30.6
5.6
19.2
199.1
10.0
285.4
1.4
                           3.7
3.0
1.9
1.7
1.4 1.6
1.4 Less than 1.0x
   Daio Paper Group
19 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
20
Integrated Report

SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
The Big Picture of the Key Strategies
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
 Overview of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2018–FY2020)
Under the Third Medium-Term Business Plan “Move on: Reform and Soar Above,” the Daio Paper Group is strategically transforming its business portfolio and further globalizing its business to become a corporate group capable of continuous growth.
The Third Medium-Term Business Plan
“Move on: Reform and Soar Above”
1.
2.
3.
Focus
Acceleration of Export of Packaging Paper
April 2020: Start of operation of N7 containerboard machine at Mishima Mill
The Daio Paper Group will make the shift from graphic paper to packaging paper and household paper through a radical cross-business structural reform of Paper and Paperboard Business and H&PC Business and strengthen its production and sales structures. In addition, Daio Paper will establish a resilient corporate structure by leveraging its unique business portfolio of both absorbent products and household paper to carry out a multi-category strategic expansion of the H&PC overseas business.
Radical cross-business structural reform of Paper and Paperboard Business and H&PC Business Paper and Paperboard Business: Structural reform of Paper and Paperboard Business
          Radical cross-business structural reform of Paper and Paperboard Business and Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business
Shift from graphic paper to packaging paper and household paper products Increase export of containerboard and kraft paper to Asia
Operation of new household paper machine at Kawanoe Mill
   Shift from “graphic paper” to “packaging paper”
Stable supply of graphic paper
Strengthen production of packaging paper through increased pulp production and machine rebuild
Strengthen cost competitiveness through the use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper
 Increase export of containerboard and kraft paper to Asia
 Make full use of Mishima Mill’s “three strengths”
1 Kraftpulpwithcompetitiveedge
2 Top-classrecoveredpaper
processing technology in Japan
3 Locationnexttoaninternational trade port
12
3
  1
Global expansion and strengthening of profitability of H&PC Business
Household paper business expansion
Domestic: Strengthen supply structure and establish
dominant No.1 position in market share Overseas: Accelerate multi-category business
expansion with household paper and absorbent product
New businesses and SDGs initiatives
Absorbent products business expansion Domestic: Develop products and implement
initiatives to address social needs Overseas: Expand sales area and channels and
accelerate multi-category business expansion
H&PC Business: Global expansion and strengthening of profitability of H&PC Business
        Household paper Absorbent products
  Domestic
Strengthen supply structure and establish dominant No. 1 market share position
Launch new machine at Kawanoe Mill Strengthen supply structure of household paper for domestic market
3
Overseas
Expand sales of premium toilet tissue in China
Convert parent rolls (which are produced by new machine at
Kawanoe Mill) at EICN
Expand sales of household
paper in Asia
Domestic
Develop products and implement initiatives to address social needs
Overseas
Expand sales area and channels of baby diapers
Accelerate multi-category expansion
Expand sales of adult diapers, feminine care products and wet wipes
 Household paper / Absorbent products Multi-category expansion
Early commercialization of cellulose nanofiber (CNF)
Launch of biomass power generation under the feed-in tariff (FIT) scheme (launched in July 2020)
1
    Further Globalization of Our Business
May 2020: Acquisition of Özen A.S. in Turkey June 2020: Acquisition of Santher S.A. in Brazil
New businesses
Net Sales and Operating Profit Results and Outlook by Segment
  Biomass power generation under the FIT scheme
Cellulose nanofiber (CNF)
     Turkey and neighboring countries
Brazil
China Thailand Asia
          Export and sell to China and Asian countries where there is strong demand
Aim to expand business from Turkey and Brazil to their neighboring countries
Export sales: Approx.
t/month
Aim for overseas
net sales composition of
% in FY2026
Operating profit (Billions of Yen)
24,000
30
8.0
Indonesia
Paper and Paperboard Business
316.5
Net sales
(Billions of Yen) 8.1
H&PC Business
Net sales (Billions of Yen)
Operating profit (Billions of Yen)
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Forecast)
317.8
19.9
FY2019
300.0
16.5
FY2020 (Forecast)
195.1
4.3 FY2018
204.7
245.0 14.5
        Daio Paper Group 21
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
22
Integrated Report

Progress with the Third Medium-Term Business Plan
Paper and Paperboard Business
Newsprint and Paper Business
Opportunities and Risks
Acceleration of a worldwide shift toward paperless solutions due to the impact of COVID-19
Decrease in demand for office paper due to the increase of remote work
Increase in quality requirements related to overall decrease in demand
Message from the General Manager of the Business Group
Key Strategies
Develop new products in response to changes in demand and establish new sales methods
Further strengthen paper business by becoming a one-stop source
Strengthen competitiveness through strategic collaboration between Group printing companies
Key Strategies
SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
Industrial Paper and Containerboard Business
Opportunities and Risks
Booming demand in China and Asia, where economic growth continues
Further acceleration of structural reform through the integration of containerboard and corrugated container production
Increasing demand for paper materials to replace plastics
Message from the General Manager of the Business Group
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
                Increase sales by functioning as a one-stop source for containerboard solutions
Expand globally by leveraging the competitive advantages of Mishima Mill
Focus on development and sale of environment-friendly paper materials and paper products, and expansion of lineups for such products
        Executing market-driven sales strategies and firmly capturing demand while advancing structural reform in response to changes in the demand structure
Tetsuya Kawabata
Executive Officer
General Manager of Newsprint and Paper Business Group, Paper & Paperboard Unit
Promoting the shift to packaging paper while focusing on the development and sale of
paper materials that are
in keeping with current trends
The Group has long been promoting structural reforms in its Paper and Paperboard Business in anticipation of changes in the demand structure, such as for paper and newsprint, under the policy of maximizing utilization of the Mishima Mill’s infrastructure.
In March 2020, we completed rebuilding the N7 paper machine into a containerboard machine, and operations started in April as planned. While we started sales under a harsh environment due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, sales are going well as a result of our unique field activities. These include proposing “one-stop delivery” solutions that are possible because we can stably supply all types of containerboard from a single mill, as well as solutions that do not rely on pricing to set Daio Paper apart from other companies and meet changing needs. For export, we developed high-performance products (such as linerboards with high burst strength) by visiting foreign corrugated container companies to directly find out their needs. As a result, we achieved full production within three months of operation. In the years to come, we intend to strengthen our competitiveness, including in terms of quality and distribution costs, in order to meet the demand from Japan
      As factors such as the progression of digitalization continue to drive changes in paper’s demand structure, paper demand is shrinking at an even faster rate with the COVID-19 pandemic worsening the situation. In particular, the impact on graphic paper, such as newsprint and printing paper, was greater than expected, and among these, the demand for paper for magazines and catalogs was hit the hardest.
In light of such changes in the business environment, our policy is to move ahead with the shift from graphic paper to packaging paper, which is one of the main strategies of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan.
To go into further detail, the Mishima Mill—Daio Paper Group’s core paper mill—is capable of producing a wide variety of paper grades. We will leverage that strength to repurpose machines and rationalize production according to market demand, while improving productivity by consolidating paper machines and product offerings. We will also follow through with our unique sales style, embodied by our slogan: “what is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives.” Here at Daio Paper, we value a direct connection with our customers. By having each and every sales representative connect with and identify the real needs
of customers, we can develop products that meet demand. Furthermore, we will not stop at being a supplier of materials. We are reforming our sales proposals to also suggest additional applications and finished products incorporating our materials.
With regard to the paper business, where the environment is even more severe, we are strengthening the downstream printing business and enhancing profitability by integrating operations of the paper business and the printing business. By sharing know-how and doing joint proposals with solutions from each Group printing company’s specialty fields, we will tap into and secure new demand, and work to strengthen our competitiveness by improving in-house production rate and consolidating facilities and organizations.
The demand trend for paper in the years ahead remains uncertain, but it is reasonable to think that we cannot expect a significant recovery even after the COVID-19 pandemic is over. However, even in a shrinking market, there are always opportunities. We will figure out how best to leverage our competitive advantage to make profits and survive in the face of declining demand, and put into effect a bold growth strategy that is in keeping with the trends of the times.
Atsushi Ishida
Senior Executive Officer
General Manager of Industrial Paper and Containerboard Business Group, Paper & Paperboard Unit
and also the strong demand from China and other Asian countries, thus further expanding sales and improving profitability.
With regard to the wrapping and packaging paper business, we anticipated that more companies would make the switch to paper materials due to the current plastic-free movement and because Japan started requiring retailers to charge their customers for plastic bags in July 2020. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, however, demand for shopping bags and other items has declined, stagnating current business performance. Nevertheless, I believe that Daio Paper has the weapons that will enable us to put up a good fight even under such difficult circumstances. One such weapon is that we are capable of providing a “total packaging” solution that offers an assortment of all kinds of wrapping and packaging paper. Furthermore, instead of selling paper merely as a material, we will focus on developing and selling paper as a product, adding value to paper by emphasizing its environment-friendly properties and converting it into finished products such as cutlery or clothes hangers. In the years to come, we would like to boost in-house production for such finished products.
Daio Paper Group 23
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
24 Integrated Report

SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
Overseas Business
Opportunities and Risks
SECTION:02
Progress of the Group
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
      Progress with the Third Medium-Term Business Plan
  Home and Personal Care Business
Domestic Business
Opportunities and Risks
Shrinking market for household paper/ absorbent products due to the population decline (declining birthrate and aging population) in Japan
Heightened hygiene consciousness during/ after the COVID-19 pandemic
Changes in social structure due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Key Strategies
Evolve the Elleair brand, strengthen market share and maintain top market position in domestic household paper products (facial tissue, toilet tissue, paper towels, kitchen towels)
Accelerate integrated operations (sales, production, development, marketing) in absorbent products business (baby care, feminine care, elder care)
Develop and increase sales of products with increased added value and products that help mitigate COVID-19 transmissions
Key Strategies
                Exchange rate fluctuations and geopolitical risks in countries throughout the world
Competition with global and local manufacturers Increasing demand for personal care products in regions with relatively high economic growth potential
Message from the General Manager of the Business Group
Pursue multi-category business expansion and realignment of distributor networks in countries where Daio Paper already has a presence
Establish foundation to further expand business of acquired companies
Conduct research on potential new markets
        Message from the General Manager of the Business Group
Increasing value of the Elleair brand through high value-added products, while quickly and flexibly responding to a business environment transformed by COVID-19
From Asia to the world, toward sales of ¥300 billion and operating margin of 10% in the Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan
In FY2019, we acquired a hygiene products manufacturer in Turkey and a paper and hygiene products manufacturer in Brazil, meaning we have production and sales bases in China, Southeast Asia, the Middle East and North Africa, and South America.
In China, we have established certain market positioning by enhancing our product lineup in the premium zone through local production for local consumption. Hereafter, we will review the product lineup to suit each business type and area to further enhance our presence. Hygiene awareness is also rising, so, compounding on toilet tissues that disintegrate well and can be safely flushed, we will add wet wipes and healthcare-related products to our lineup and advance our multi-category business expansion strategy.
In Thailand, we have realigned our distributor network, from using a single, main distributor to using multiple, regional distributors. Currently, we are working to strengthen our sales activities countrywide as the realignment has enabled detailed business negotiations and distribution activities with not only major retail chains headquartered in the capital city, but also with local general stores and shops that sell baby products. To advance the multi-category business expansion strategy, we aspire to expand our current lineup of baby diapers, wet wipes and other locally produced products with household paper
Toshiki Yamagami
Director
General Manager of Overseas Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit
products such as toilet tissue, as well as to enhance the lineup of alcohol-based wet wipes since demand is expanding. We also aim to increase export sales from the Thai base to Myanmar, Cambodia and other under-tapped markets in the region, in addition to Vietnam, Malaysia and the Philippines.
In Indonesia, we are concentrating on sales on the Java and Sumatra islands, which account for 80% of local demand, and are fully utilizing our multiple distributor network to expand sales. This network allows us to tailor our product proposals and store follow-up activities to the demand structure of each region and channel, such as minimarkets, shops that sell baby products, traditional shops (warung) and e-commerce.
As noted, in 2020, we acquired two companies: Özen A.S. in Turkey and Santher S.A. in Brazil. First, our goal is to expand our business in Turkey and its neighboring countries, and in South America through the acquired companies. Hereafter, we are aiming to expand into Africa with Turkey and Brazil as footholds.
The Group respects the culture, religions and customs of each country, and we aspire to empower the local employees of our foreign subsidiaries to lead initiatives. We also dutifully contribute part of our profits back to the local community through local community initiatives.
Yorifusa Wakabayashi
Director and Managing Executive Officer General Manager of
Domestic Business Group,
Home & Personal Care Unit
      The Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business in Japan has two pillars of business: household paper (such as facial tissue, toilet tissue and kitchen paper) and absorbent products (such as disposable diapers and feminine care products). We are implementing our own sales strategies that value direct connections with the market and consumers.
In FY2019, we had strong sales and high profit. We made steady progress in initiatives in the household paper category: increasing sales of value-added products, price revision, and logistics reforms. Furthermore, factors such as the consumption tax rate hike in Japan, and the COVID-19 pandemic, which led to an increase in demand for hygiene- related products, also contributed to strong business performance.
The foundation for our business growth is our flagship Elleair brand, which celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. Since FY2018, we have maintained a dominant No.1 market share position in all categories of household paper, namely facial tissue, toilet tissue and kitchen paper. To consolidate this position, under the Third Medium-Term Business Plan we are focusing on “expanding the lineup of value-added products.”
As the leading manufacturer of household paper, we are acutely aware of our mission to “help address social issues through our business,” and thus we are also quickly responding to the diversifying needs caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In April 2020, we started the domestic production of masks, the supply and demand of which had been tight. Initially, we prioritized the supply of masks to medical institutions and nursing care facilities, but we have now started to supply retail stores. We are also working to stabilize the supply of sanitizing wet tissue products and paper towels, the latter of which is in high demand as facilities are seeking alternatives to hand dryers, and we plan to install new machines at the Mishima Mill and the Kawanoe Mill in 2021.
For absorbent products, we are in the process of implementing a large number of measures to expand the business. We seek to increase sales of absorbent products by leveraging the brand equity we have established with household paper. We also intend to further strengthen profitability by developing and updating our products to better reflect the needs of our customers and by optimizing our production structure.
Daio Paper Group 25
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
26 Integrated Report

SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
Daio Paper Group’s Principal Value Creation Activities
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
 SDG Initiatives
           Four Pillars of the Management Philosophy
Daio Paper’s Principal Value Creation Activities
Code of Conduct
SDGs
   D
Dedicated
Dedication to manufacturing
Flexible production systems Thorough quality management Highly transparent procurement process
Research and development that creates new value
Sustainable Growth Environmental Awareness Trusted Manufacturing Integrity and Compliance
      A
Attentive
Bonds with local communities
Responding to declining birthrate and aging society Enriching lifestyles of people around the world Sustainable growth in partnership with local communities
Regional Awareness Sustainable Growth Contribution to the Global Society
Environmental Awareness
      I
Integrated
Corporate culture providing safety and motivation to work
Self-directed human resource development
Promoting diversity
Health and productivity management
Regional Awareness Diverse Management Contribution to the Global Society
Integrity and Compliance Trusted Manufacturing Safe Workplaces
      O
Organic
Contribution to the global environment
Aiming for a low-carbon society Aiming for recycling-oriented society
Aiming for a society that coexists in harmony with nature
Sustainable Growth Integrity and Compliance Environmental Awareness Contribution to the Global Society
     Dedicated
Dedication to manufacturing
Integrated
Corporate culture providing safety and motivation to work
Attentive
Bonds with local communities
Organic
Contribution to the global environment
      Realization of the Management Philosophy through Business Activities
The Daio Paper Group’s management philosophy is “Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world.” To achieve this philosophy, we established DAIO (Dedicated, Attentive, Integrated, Organic) as our four pillars as well as set out the Daio Paper Group’s Code of Conduct to help us advance our initiatives. We will contribute to the SDGs by building trusting relationships with all stakeholders, in order to provide products that respond to changing demand trends, to grow in partnership with society as well as to conserve the global environment for the future.
  The Daio Paper Group’s Code of Conduct
Trusted Manufacturing
Supply high-quality and value-added products and services. As a manufacturer, we are most familiar with our customers’ needs around the world. So, what is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives, continuing in our founder’s spirit and giving us a direct connection to our customers to serve their needs and build trust.
Sustainable Growth
Respond to all our stakeholders’ needs, including customers, partners, shareholders, society and the global community. We will be agile and flexible to respond to sudden changes in the management environment, and we will work to grow our business in a way that is sustainable while strengthening our management foundations.
Regional Awareness
Be good corporate citizens and earn the trust of the world where we work. We will take part in activities that contribute to society, including volunteer work, sporting events and cultural activities, to grow together with the countries and regions and contribute to growth and development.
Safe Workplaces
Work safely and energetically. We will continue to maintain safe and vibrant workplace environments that offer employees challenges and growth potential.
Integrity and Compliance
Act with integrity and comply with social norms and regulations along with laws and ordinances. We will strive to be a company trusted by society, and we consider ethical matters among our top priorities, always following our “Employee Code of Ethics.”
Diverse Management
Respect diversity and personalities of employees and coworkers. We will strive to foster an environment that allows every employee to achieve their highest potential. We nurture employees who reflect our roots as a small company and understand the value of taking on responsibilities outside their sphere of work: The employees who act with consideration, good judgment and proactivity.
Contribution to the Global Society
Respect the laws of each country and region as well as international standards. We will conduct all corporate activities with consideration for cultures and customs while championing the advancement of lifestyles, industries, and cultures around the world.
Environmental Awareness
Conserve biodiversity and contribute to the global environment. We will aim to reduce CO2 emissions and promote energy savings and recycling as per the DAIO Global Environment Charter.
    Daio Paper Group 27
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 28
Integrated Report

SDG Initiatives
Dedicated
Dedication to Manufacturing
Basic Approach
As a full-range paper manufacturer engaged in the production and sale of paper, paperboard and home and personal care products, the Daio Paper Group aims for people-friendly manufacturing in harmony with the environment while providing high value-added products. We will achieve Trusted Manufacturing by
Mishima Mill, Daio Paper
promoting initiatives such as flexible production systems, rigorous quality management, highly transparent procurement processes and research and development that creates new value, in order to be responsive to changing social needs in a broad range of fields.
Thorough Quality Management
The Daio Paper Group’s quality assurance framework that is based on ISO 9001 covers processes ranging from the purchase of raw materials through to the delivery of products. It also has a Quality Assurance Policy that guides its rigorous quality management. In our production of household paper, we have automated systems that inspect all products sheet by sheet and container by container. We also have quality inspectors who examine individual processes and products.
Highly Transparent Procurement Process
The Group procures materials with forest certification, which are materials audited by a third party for their legality, etc. For materials without forest certification, such as thinned wood, the Group investigates the logging areas and distribution channels of all suppliers to confirm that wood has been legally felled.
In October 2020, we launched GOO.N Plus, a disposable baby diaper that focuses on skin sensitivity. Babies’ skin tends to dehydrate more easily than adults’ and is also more vulnerable to injury. We considered the question of what a diaper can do to help their sensitive skin and came to the answer of infusing diapers with moisturizing agents. To find the best balance for the perfect softness, we went through repeated experiments with different amounts of moisturizing agents and conducted consumer testing with 1,500 subjects. We also adopted a new evaluation method which uses a 3D skin model with academic advice from Professor Hitoshi Masaki of Tokyo University of Technology, who is an expert in skin science. More than two years after conceiving the idea, we finally succeeded in commercializing the product. We say with pride to babies around the world, “This is the gentlest diaper!”
PICK UP: 2
New product: GOO.N Plus with a moisturizing agent
SECTION:01 SECTION:02 SECTION:03 Value Creation Story Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives
PICK UP: 1
Applying Moisturizer Technology of Elleair Lotion Tissue to Disposable Diapers
SECTION:04
Data and Information
                                    Rebuilding the N7 Paper Machine to Produce Containerboard
    Flexible Production Systems
The Mishima Mill, the Daio Paper Group’s core paper mill, engages in fully integrated production ranging from pulp to paper and containerboard. Its annual production is approximately 2.1 million tons, or some 8% of Japan’s total paper and paperboard production. Through the combination of all types of pulp and a variety of paper machines, the Mishima Mill has developed a production and sales structure that can flexibly align to market needs.
Research and Development that Creates New Value
The Daio Paper Group works to launch high value-added products with a focus on developing and improving products that fit changing user needs. We also develop new business fields and conduct research and development of new materials. In FY2019, the Group’s total research and development expenses were ¥3,043 million.
Production
Trusted Manufacturing
Quality
We started rebuilding the N7 paper machine in October 2019 into a machine that produces containerboard, for which there is robust demand. The machine conversion was completed on schedule in March 2020, and operations commenced in April. By making use of the infrastructural advantages of the machine, which is one of the most productive in Japan, and the coastal location of the Mishima Mill, we aim to increase exports to markets in China and SE Asia, where steady market growth for containerboard is anticipated.
The N7 machine is one of the most competitive containerboard machines in Japan, and it makes use of the highly cost-competitive pulp and energy of the Mishima Mill. It can manufacture using a high percentage of recovered paper pulp in its raw material and we are applying our advanced production technology and management expertise in its operation. Furthermore, as it makes use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper, which was previously disposed of as waste, as a raw material, it will contribute to the development of a recycling-oriented society.
PICK UP: 3
     Mishima Mill N7 machine after being rebuilt into a containerboard machine
             EliPla Paper Wins Encouragement Prize (the 29th Global Environment Award)
          Research and development
Procurement
The 29th Global Environment Award (organized by Fujisankei Communications Group) has given Daio Paper’s EliPla Paper, a high-density heavyweight paper that is an alternative material for plastic, the Encouragement Prize. EliPla Paper draws on Daio Paper’s production technology for specialty paperboard that it developed over many years. It possesses both the rigidity required for paper knives and stir sticks as well as outstanding biodegradability, making it an environment-friendly material that is suitable as an alternative to plastic. Marine plastic from illegal dumping has been increasingly recognized as a problem, and initiatives to eliminate plastics are underway in each country. The organizers of the Global Environment Award recognized Daio Paper’s efforts to solve such environmental problems and awarded us the Encouragement Prize.
In June 2020, Daio Paper also launched sales of EliPla+ that has additional water- and oil-resistant properties. Going forward, we will remain dedicated to manufacturing in environment-friendly ways and of environment-friendly products.
  Please see our website for more details.
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/csr/dedicated/
Paper knife for Homare no Jindaiko (a popular sweet made by Okashino Kobai Corporation in Kumamoto City)
     Daio Paper Group 29 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 30 Integrated Report

SDG Initiatives
SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
PICK UP: 1
Responding to COVID-19
In light of the shortage of masks in Japan due to COVID-19, Daio Paper began domestic production of masks in April 2020. As elderly people, in particular, are at high risk of becoming critically ill, and it is difficult to ensure social distancing in environments such as nursing care facilities, we prioritized supply to institutions and facilities requiring large volumes of masks for infection control. We have also taken part in a research project by RIKEN and others that studies the effectiveness of masks using the Fugaku supercomputer, and we intend to apply the results of the research to the development of masks.
We have also boosted production of alcohol-based sanitizing wet tissues as well as paper towels in response to greater awareness of infectious diseases and heightened hygiene consciousness.
PICK UP: 2
Heart Support Project
The Heart Support Project consists of activities by our feminine care brand Elis to support women around the world. We launched the project on International Day of the Girl Child on October 11, 2018, as the following year was the 40th anniversary of the Elleair brand.
In FY2019, we put out a call for social media posts featuring photographs with a heart-shaped motif and the hashtag #ハートサポート2019 (“heart support 2019”). Each post would advocate one out of seven types of programs supporting women’s autonomy in Kenya, Africa, and we would carry out all the programs when our goal of 5,000 posts was achieved. In 2019, we reached the upper limit of 5,000 posts (equaling 5,000 programs) within 28 days of the campaign’s launch.
In FY2020, we changed the target country of our support to Zambia. While the commencement of the project was postponed from its usual start date of October 11 due to COVID-19, we intend to go forward with the project and support programs as we monitor the local COVID-19 situation.
PICK UP: 3
Taking on Challenges to Achieve Dreams
As part of its social contribution activities, which include community-based sports and cultural activities, Daio Paper has been sponsoring the Tokyo Schoolgirls’ Rubber Baseball Tournament since the first tournament for the elementary school division in 2012, and the first tournament for the junior high school division in 2015 in order to provide opportunities for girls—those who really love baseball—to pursue challenges enthusiastically. Once again this year, many elementary and junior high school students engaged in heated battles to win the tournament.
We also hold the Daio Paper Elleair Ladies Open every November and 2020 marks the 39th tournament. In 2019, Hinako Shibuno won the tournament with over 18,000 spectators in attendance.
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
                     Attentive
Bonds with Local Communities
Basic Approach
As a global corporation with sites in eight countries worldwide, the Daio Paper Group aims to be good corporate citizens and earn the trust of the world where we work. Through our business activities, we will coexist in harmony with local communities and actively support local initiatives in order to contribute to local
Heart Support Project
development. In Japan and overseas, we work to enhance understanding of our business activities and grow harmoniously with local communities by holding plant tours for local residents as well as students and by participating in local communities.
Hyper Block Mask
(Left) Non-alcohol-based sanitizing wet tissue
(Right) Alcohol-based sanitizing wet towel
                   Harmonious Growth with Local Communities
    Responding to Declining Birthrate and Aging Population
Improving Quality of Life (QOL)
The Daio Paper Group promotes diverse initiatives to support comfortable lifestyles. In response to aging population, we are
making efforts to support nursing care by providing eldercare products and by providing assistance to the Gambaranai Kaigo-seikatsu o Kangaeru Kai , a committee that promotes stress-free nursing care.
In response to declining birthrate, we are supporting child-rearing by establishing “GOO.N Sukusuku House,” a facility for employer-provided childcare services, and by cooperating with local governments in their measures to address the declining birthrate.
Enriching Lifestyles of People around the World
For people around the world
It is argued that widespread use of disposable baby diapers and feminine care products could contribute to preventing infectious diseases as well as contribute to women’s economic empowerment.
To that end, the Daio Paper Group launched the Heart Support Project, which seeks to create opportunities for people to think about the circumstances of women around
the world and act on it.
Sustainable Growth in Partnership with Local Communities
For local communities
We work to enhance understanding of our business activities by holding plant tours for local residents as well as students and by participating in local communities.
In China, approximately 1,500 people per year take part in our plant tours. In Indonesia, we have continued to engage in business activities that are rooted in the community. In particular, to help resolve concerns that mothers have about child-rearing and to provide parenting support, we provided places for them to talk and also conducted visits to local communities.
Fashion show (one of the support programs for the 2019 project in Kenya)
Tokyo Schoolgirls’ Rubber Baseball Tournament (Elementary School Division), September–October 2020
                       Please see our website for more details.
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/csr/attentive/
     Daio Paper Group 31 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 32
Integrated Report

 SDG Initiatives
SECTION:01 SECTION:02 SECTION:03 SECTION:04
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives Data and Information
Concrete Numerical Targets for Diverse Management and Health Management
Percentage of managerial 5.0 Current 2.2
positions filled by women: % (By March 31, 2025) percentage: % (As of September 30, 2020)
      Target
           Creating a Comfortable Workplace Environment
Improving Lifestyle Habits
Achieve 100% take-up rate for medical checkups
    Integrated
Corporate Culture Providing Safety and Motivation to Work
Basic Approach
Based on its corporate motto and founding spirit “Passion with Sincerity,” the Daio Paper Group operates its business with a priority on safety and peace of mind and works to be a company where employees can play active roles in good health and with enthusiasm. We respect the diversity and personalities of each and every
Growth Spiral
Growth of the organization
Accelerating diversity
Productivity improvement
Self-Directed Human Resource Development
Strengthening Education and Career Development Support
With globalization, employee diversity is increasing. We expect to employ approximately 8,000 international individuals by FY2026, and we are boosting language education.
Moreover, in order to encourage each and every employee to think about their own career path independently and grow continuously and ambitiously toward their own career goals, we have strengthened career design training for each age group.
2017 (Result)
21 hours/ month
2018 (Result)
22 hours/ month
2019 (Result)
23 hours/ month
2020 (Target)
18 hours or less/month
2020 (Target) 100%
2017 (Result) 100%
2018 (Result) 100%
2019 (Result) 100%
2020 (Target) 100%
2020 (Target) 25.0% or less
Reduce overtime work
                    Enhancing Mental Healthcare
Promoting Efforts to Quit Smoking
    Diversity training
employee, and we will continue to develop as a vibrant and robust corporate group by providing a comfortable work environment that allows every employee to achieve their highest potential and nurturing employees who think, decide and act for themselves.
Growth of individuals
Mentality reform
Display of capabilities
Motivation to work
Self-directed human resource development
2017 (Result) 2018 (Result) 98.8% 99.9%
Message from Management
2019 (Result) 100%
2017 (Result) 31.0%
2018 (Result) 31.2%
2019 (Result) 30.5%
Improve participation rate in stress level tests
Reduce smoking rate
              Creating a Work Environment that Nurtures and Enables the Full Potential of Our Employees—Our Corporate Asset—for the Generation
of New Value
Toshihiro Adachi
 Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Responsible for Corporate Unit
and Compliance; General Manager of Business Administration Division, Corporate Unit; Chief Health Officer (CHO)
        Diversity
The Daio Paper Group has continually championed self- directed human resource development, promotion of diversity and health management as measures to achieve sustainable corporate development.
Self-Directed Human Resource Development
We believe that developing self-directed employees—those who can think for themselves, set out their own paths and progress along it—is essential for achieving global growth.
Daio Paper has introduced a diverse range of learning programs to support the growth of its employees, and has established a framework that enables those employees to receive the necessary training for self-growth at the appropriate career stage and also according to their preferred work style. Furthermore, to encourage each and every employee to construct their own career path independently and to continue to grow with ambition, we provide support from all angles for self-directed career development, including career design training for each age group and internal recruitment that allows employees to apply for open positions on their own initiative.
Diversity Promotion
We believe that active participation by employees from diverse backgrounds will facilitate sustainable corporate growth. The Diversity Committee, established in FY2019, leads the
promotion of diversity management at the Daio Paper Group. In the area of women empowerment, which is a key issue,
we facilitate career development that is not constrained by gender stereotypes. This includes putting an emphasis on increasing the number of women in managerial positions and assigning women to a greater variety of departments as well as encouraging male employees to take childcare leave.
In addition, we continue to promote employment of older generations and individuals with disabilities, and recognizing that the understanding of LGBT individuals is a pressing issue, we have commenced training on the issue in the Group’s personnel departments.
Health Management
We believe that a company’s lasting growth can only be achieved if its employees and their families are physically and mentally healthy and energetically and actively playing their part in society.
The Daio Paper Group announced the “Daio Paper Group Declaration of Health” in 2014. Based on that, we are working to maintain and promote health with the participation of all employees through four initiatives: “Creating a comfortable workplace environment,” “Improving lifestyle habits,” “Enhancing mental healthcare” and “Promoting efforts to quit smoking.”
 Health management
Promoting Diversity
Incorporating New Work Styles
In conjunction with the COVID-19 pandemic, we are working to incorporate new styles of working and enhance the comfort of work environments to enable our employees to be productive regardless of work scheduling and work location.
We incorporated flextime as well as an hourly leave policy that allows employees to take their annual paid leave by the hour. We have also allowed employees to work remotely, such as from home or from shared office spaces.
Health and Productivity Management
Promoting Health
The Health Management Committee, chaired by the Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Toshihiro Adachi, who also serves as the Chief Health Officer (CHO), has a tripartite structure made up of the Company, the health insurance union and the labor union.
Here at Daio Paper, we do not employ a top-down approach to promote health management. Instead, we believe in instilling the essence of health management into employees through diligent, steadfast activities.
       Please see our website for more details.
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/csr/integrated/
Daio Paper Group 33 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
34 Integrated Report
r
G
e
h
t
u
f
h
t
w
o
n n
p
I
t
u
g
E o
o
e
l
a
m
o
n
i
r
r
r
a
t
s
o
b
u
S
o e
t
c
n ce
n
v
g
u
m e
i
n g
e h
a
a t
o
t ot
rpora
fl
f
e
e
R

SDG Initiatives
SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
PICK UP: 1
Biomass Boiler at the Mishima Mill Commences Operation
The Mishima Mill has been generating biomass power with black liquor, a waste product of the kraft pulping process, as the energy source in recovery boilers for some time. A newly installed biomass boiler was put into operation in July 2020. We are operating the boiler with expertise that we have developed to date, and the electricity generated is sold to electric power companies through the feed-in tariff (FIT) scheme. Compared to existing facilities, this cutting-edge black liquor recovery boiler improves efficiency by 5%, reducing CO2 emissions by 25,000 t/year.
Going forward, Daio Paper will continue working to reduce its environmental impact by installing facilities that lead to effective utilization of renewable energy.
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
                  Organic
Contribution to the Global Environment
Basic Approach
In accordance with the “Daio Global Environment Charter,” we expand our business globally in harmony with the global environment while actively tackling environmental problems with the aim of realizing a sustainable society. We have established an environmental management promotion framework to
Forestry property of Forestal Anchile LTDA.
implement the initiatives in the Daio Global Environment Charter, and use PDCA cycles in our Groupwide efforts toward those initiatives. We will continue to engage in environment-friendly business activities aimed at realizing a low-carbon, recycling- oriented society that coexists in harmony with nature.
Biomass boiler at the Mishima Mill that utilizes the FIT scheme
          Daio Global Environment Charter
Message from Management
Continuously Striving to Conserve the Environment and Contribute to
the Realization of
a Sustainable Society
Takashi Ono
Director and Managing Executive Officer Responsible for Production Unit; General Manager of Production Division; President and Representative Director of Daio Engineering Co., Ltd.
Basic Policy
  1 Mitigation of global warming
2 Effective use of resources and environmentally
friendly procurement of raw materials
3 Reduction of environmental loads together with supply chain partners
4 Forest conservation Aiming for a
5 6 7 8
Reduction and effective use of waste
Development and deployment of technologies and products with lower environmental impact
Realization of sustainable partnership
Active environmental communication and coexistence with local communities
The Daio Paper Group recognizes the reduction of fossil fuel energy use as a key issue. We will transform Iwaki Daio Paper into a mill that uses only in-house power generated from non-fossil fuels by installing its third waste boiler fueled by wood residue and waste plastic (scheduled for operation in January 2023). At the Mishima Mill, we put into operation a high-efficiency black liquor recovery boiler in July 2020 as well as an anaerobic treatment facility that extracts biogas from pulp wastewater in October of the same year. In 2021, we plan to partially switch our lime kilns’ fuel source from heavy oil to liquefied natural gas (LNG), a low-carbon fuel. In addition, we are considering installing a waste boiler, similar to the one we installed at Iwaki Daio Paper, at the Mishima Mill to further reduce the use of fossil fuel energy. We plan to shut down the coal boilers at the Mishima Mill in stages and we seek to completely phase out coal usage by 2050. We are also preparing to conduct environmental assessments of these facilities.
Next, in terms of recycling initiatives, Daio Paper has worked to promote a high utilization rate of recovered paper and has achieved a utilization rate of recovered paper that exceeds the industry average. To further promote recycling, we are increasing our usage of hard-to-recycle recovered
paper, which is recovered paper that used to be left unused and incinerated due to high levels of prohibitive materials that inhibits recycling, such as the base paper for gypsum board, laminated recovered paper, etc. Using our proprietary technology, we can automatically sort out plastics from those recovered papers to make them suitable for use as papermaking raw materials. The remaining plastics are used as fuel in waste boilers as an alternative to fossil fuel energy to generate power.
Furthermore, we are working toward the early commercialization of the ELLEX cellulose nanofiber (CNF) by developing technologies for mass production and expanding our CNF product lineup to meet diverse needs. Our CNF molded sheet, ELLEX-M, was adopted as a material in Revoldia CNF, a high-performance table tennis racket manufactured by Tamasu Co., Ltd. that launched in April 2020. ELLEX-M was also used as a material for the hood, rear doors and rear spoilers of a race car in 2019, and in 2020, it was used for the whole body exterior and interior panels. In addition, our CNF composite resin was also used for the car door mirrors. Going forward, we will continue to champion the shift from fossil fuel-derived materials to natural materials by developing CNF into a viable new business area.
            Aiming for a Low-Carbon Society       Recycling-Oriented Society
Aiming for a Society that Coexists in Harmony with Nature
Conserve Forests
Practice of sustainable forest management
Consideration for biodiversity Effective utilization of wood resources Promotion of procurement of materials with forest certification Survey of soil and groundwater
           CO2
Prevent Global Warming
Practice of sustainable forest management
Effective utilization of hard-to-recycle recovered paper
Promotion of use of biomass fuel Promotion of use of natural energy Modal shift initiatives
Recycle
Practice of sustainable forest management
Zero emissions initiatives
Recycling of paper resources Initiatives to reuse waste as resources Initiatives to increase recovered paper utilization rate
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/csr/organic/
                Please see our website for more details.
Daio Paper Group 35 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
36 Integrated Report

Corporate Governance
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers (As of the end of September 2020) Representative Directors
SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
SECTION:02
Progress of the Group
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
         President and Representative Director
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Toshihiro Adachi
Responsible for Corporate Unit and Compliance; General Manager of Business Administration Division, Corporate Unit
Director
Hiroshi Yamasaki
Deputy General Manager of Production Division, Production Unit; General Manager of Mishima Mill, Production Division, Production Unit
Director
Hiromitsu Fujii
General Manager of General Affairs and Personnel Division, Corporate Unit
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Kunihiro Okazaki
Responsible for Sales, Resources and Materials Procurement Division and Global Logistics Division
Director (Outside)
Nobuhiko Yoshida
Director (Outside)
Tetsuo Kitagawa
Director (Outside)
Yoichi Takei
Masayoshi Sako
Directors
Director and Managing Executive Officer
Takashi Ono
Responsible for Production Unit; General Manager of Production Division; President and Representative Director of
Daio Engineering Co., Ltd.
Director
Tetsuya Watanabe
General Manager of
Global Logistics Division; Responsible for Intelligence Technology Planning Division, Corporate Unit
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
            Director and Managing Executive Officer
Yorifusa Wakabayashi
General Manager of Domestic Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit
Director
Yukihiro Tanaka
General Manager of Corporate Planning Division, Corporate Unit
Director
Yoshiyuki Shinohara
General Manager of Kani Mill, Production Division, Production Unit
Director
Hiroshi Mizobuchi
General Manager of
Product Development Division, Home & Personal Care Unit; Responsible for Marketing Division, Marketing and Development Support Department,
Home & Personal Care Unit
Director
Toshiki Yamagami
General Manager of Overseas Business Group; General Manager of Overseas Business Promotion Division, Home & Personal Care Unit
Director
Hiroyuki Fujita
Chairman and Director of Santher-Fábrica de Papel Santa Therezinha S.A.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Masashi Yano
Executive Officers
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Tsutomu Ariyasu
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside)
Yoichiro Yamakawa
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside)
Takemi Nagasaka
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside)
Kyoko Okada
        Senior Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Michihiko Tamaki Atsushi Ishida Satoshi Iseki Mitsuru Ogawa
Takahisa Kashiwabara Toru Shimizu
Akihiro Yoshino Toshikatsu Tanahashi
Mikiro Shiramine Takashi Imaizumi Shuhei Shinagawa Junichi Ikawa Tetsuya Kawabata Hiroyuki Shidara Takashi Yoshida
General Manager of Advanced Materials R&D Center, Production Division, Production Unit
General Manager of Industrial Paper and Containerboard Business Group, Paper & Paperboard Unit President and Representative Director of Daio Logistics Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director of Miura Printing Corporation; Chairman and Representative Director of Daio Printing Corporation; Chairman and Representative Director of Daiwa Shiko Co., Ltd.; Chairman and Representative Director of Senmeisha Corporation
President and Representative Director of Elleair International China (Nantong) Co., Ltd.
President and Director of Elleair International Turkey Kişisel Bakım Ürünleri Üretim A.Ş.
President and Representative Director of Daio Paper Products Corporation
Senior Deputy General Manager of Mishima Mill, Production Division, Production Unit (Responsible for Production Department)
General Manager of Resources and Materials Procurement Division
General Manager of Intellectual Property Department, Corporate Unit
General Manager of Corporate Planning Department, Corporate Planning Division, Corporate Unit
General Manager of Accounting Department, Business Administration Division, Corporate Unit
General Manager of Newsprint and Paper Business Group, Paper & Paperboard Unit
General Manager of Human & Family Care Sales Division, Domestic Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit General Manager of Intelligence Technology Planning Division, Corporate Unit
                                                                                                 Daio Paper Group
37
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 38 Integrated Report

Corporate Governance
BasicPolicyonCorporateGovernance
The Daio Paper Group (the “Group”) will ensure that the Group sustains steady growth, increases corporate value over the medium to long term, and conducts business activities in harmony with the global environment. We regard the enhancement of corporate governance as one of our most important management issues as we strive to contribute to
Key Measures Implemented to Strengthen Corporate Governance
Implemented a whistle-blowing system
Appointed Outside Directors
Established the Remuneration Committee
Established the Daio Paper Corporate Governance Guidelines
Started evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Established the Daio Paper Group Management Philosophy and Code of Conduct
Revised the Daio Paper Corporate Governance Guidelines Established the Nomination Committee
Introduced the stock-based incentive system
Corporate Governance Structure
Election/Dismissal
Audit
Collaboration
Assistance
the development of a lively lifestyle, culture and industry for society as a full-range papermaking company group that is trusted by all stakeholders including shareholders, business partners, employees and residents of local communities.
Overview of the Corporate Governance Structure
Daio Paper (the “Company”) is a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board. As such, the Board of Directors makes decisions on management policies and the execution of important business matters for the Daio Paper Group as a whole, while the Audit & Supervisory Board, which is independent from the Board of Directors, audits the Directors’ performance of their duties.
The Company has also introduced an Executive Officer system with the objectives of speeding up business execution and clarifying responsibilities, as well as developing the next generation of management through participation in management as Executive Officers. The Board of Directors makes decisions on the election and dismissal of the Executive Officers as well as their duties. Correspondingly, the Executive Officers are responsible for performing their duties in accordance with the management policy determined by the Board of Directors.
1 BoardofDirectors
The Board of Directors oversees the formulation of management strategy and supervises the performance of duties by the management, etc. to ensure the fairness and transparency of management. It also makes decisions on the execution of important business matters as stipulated in laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation. In addition, the Board of Directors delegates authority to lower-level meetings, such as the Management Meeting, and to the Directors and Officers in charge of each business operation. Accordingly, the Board of Directors oversees the status of such meetings and the performance of duties by the Directors and Officers, etc.
2 Audit&SupervisoryBoard
The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises five members, including three Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members. Working in close cooperation with the internal audit division and Accounting Auditor, it investigates the condition of the internal control system through business audits and accounting audits based on an audit plan determined at the Audit & Supervisory Board Meeting, with the objectives of strengthening and enhancing its ability to exercise proper oversight of management.
3 ManagementMeeting
In order to speed up decision-making, the Management Meeting, which comprises the President and the General Managers of each business group and division, makes decisions on matters that have been delegated by the Board of Directors. Two full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend the Management Meeting as observers to oversee the status of decision-making.
4 RemunerationCommittee
The objective of the Remuneration Committee is to enhance the objectivity and transparency of decisions on Directors’ remuneration. The committee, which reports back to the Board of Directors, determines the overall remuneration scheme for the full-time Directors of Daio Paper. It also evaluates the performance of and decides the amounts of remuneration for each individual Director. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by an independent Outside Director and independent Outside Directors make up a majority. Two Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend as observers.
5 NominationCommittee
The objective of the Nomination Committee is to enhance objectivity and transparency in the nomination of candidates for Director and the election and dismissal of the Directors. As an advisory body to the Board of Directors, the Nomination Committee receives inquiries from the Board of Directors and reports back on the nomination of candidates for Director and the election and dismissal of Directors at Daio Paper in accordance with the nomination policy set out
in the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Nomination Committee is chaired by an independent Outside Director and independent Outside Directors make up a majority. Two Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend as observers.
6 ComplianceCommittee
The objective of the Compliance Committee is to strengthen risk management and compliance at the Daio Paper Group. It audits the Group’s risk management framework by comprehensively identifying and assessing risks of the Group and by implementing unified management of the Group’s risk control measures. It is also in charge of deliberating and making decisions on those risk control measures in accordance with the severity of risks. The Compliance Committee is chaired by the Director responsible for compliance and comprises nine officers, including Outside Directors. One full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member, one Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, and the General Manager of the Internal Audit Department attend as observers. The Compliance Committee has eight subcommittees under it. Each subcommittee deliberates, makes decisions and implements specific measures for each type of risk, forming a highly effective risk management system.
Organization Chart of the Compliance Framework
Accounting and Finance Subcommittee
Labor and Human Rights Subcommittee
General Affairs and Public Relations Subcommittee
Paper and Paperboard Quality Subcommittee
Safety & Health Subcommittee H&PC Quality Subcommittee Environment Subcommittee Overseas Risk Subcommittee
SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
SECTION:02 SECTION:03 SECTION:04
Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives Data and Information
  2011
2012
2015
2016
2018
2019
     General Meeting of Shareholders
Election/Dismissal
Election/Dismissal
Accounting audit
5 Nomination Committee
          1 TheBoardofDirectors
Reporting Reporting Audit Reporting Appointment/Dismissal
            Internal Audit Department
Audit
Instructions and commands
ExecutiveDirectors/ Executive Officers
Instructions and Reporting commands
Operating departments/ Group companies
Reporting Reporting
3 ManagementMeeting 6 ComplianceCommittee
Reporting
Representative Directors
               Collaboration
Reporting
                           4 Remuneration Committee
 Collaboration
Decisions on election, dismissal and non-reappointment, judgment on the rationality of the accounting auditor
  Daio Paper Group 39 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
40 Integrated Report
Compliance Committee
Reporting Reporting
Accounting Auditor
Auditors’ Office
2 Audit&SupervisoryBoard(Members)

 Corporate Governance
SECTION:01 SECTION:02 SECTION:03 SECTION:04
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives Data and Information
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Reasons for Election of Each Outside Officer
Outside Directors
Since 2016, the Company has been evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors annually, with the aim of regularly examining whether the Board of Directors is functioning properly, and continuously identifying issues and implementing measures for improvement based on the results thereof.
In 2020, continuing from the previous year, with the
1. Overview of the Evaluation Results
cooperation of an external organization, the Company conducted a self-evaluation targeted at all Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members regarding the composition and operation of the Board of Directors. Using the results of the questionnaire collected and tabulated by the external organization, it carried out an analysis and evaluation. The overview is shown below.
         Name
Independent Officer
Reasons for election
No. of Board of Directors meetings attended (FY2019)
Important concurrent positions*1
    Nobuhiko Yoshida
   Tetsuo Kitagawa
Having determined that Nobuhiko Yoshida would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Director appropriately from an independent perspective, utilizing his extensive experience and broad insight cultivated while serving as an officer at other companies, the Company elected him to that position.
17/17
     Having determined that Tetsuo Kitagawa would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Director appropriately from an independent perspective, utilizing his expertise as a certified public accountant (CPA) and extensive experience and broad insight cultivated through his engagements in numerous accounting audits, internal control audits and compliance-related work at an audit firm, the Company elected him to that position.
14/17*2
        Yoichi Takei
Having determined that Yoichi Takei would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Director appropriately from an independent perspective, utilizing his expertise as an attorney-at-law and higher viewpoint and broad experience cultivated while serving as an officer at other companies, the Company elected him to that position.
—*3
      Director and Advisor, Japan Metal Roofing Association
Representative, Tetsuo Kitagawa Certified Public Accounting Firm
Outside Auditor, T-Gaia Corporation
CPA Examination Committee Member, Certified Public Accountants and Auditing Oversight Board, Financial Services Agency
Partner/attorney-at-law, Meitetsu Law Offices Outside Auditor, YAMAKIN (JAPAN) CO., LTD. Outside Director, NIPPON THOMPSON CO., LTD.
The Company evaluated its Board of Directors from seven standpoints: composition; operation; strategy, execution, and business performance monitoring; support system for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members; training for officers; dialogue with stakeholders (investors); and Directors’ self-initiated execution of business. In conclusion, it confirmed that the Board of Directors is largely functioning properly, and that its effectiveness is confirmed and sufficiently ensured.
2. Efforts to Address Issues Identified in the Previous Year’s Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors
The effectiveness evaluation of the Board of Directors for FY2019 identified a need to review the detailed rules for matters submitted to the Board of Directors. To address this issue, a revision proposal with the objectives of further enhancing discussions on the Company’s direction, including medium- and long-term strategy, at Board of Directors meetings and implementing more effective oversight of the management team was drawn up. The proposal was resolved at the Board of Directors meeting in May 2020 and went into effect starting from the Board of Directors meeting held in June 2020.
3. Points Evaluated as Requiring Further Improvement
The Company will continue working to enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, such as by reviewing its composition, in order to further improve the discussion of management strategy and other areas at Board of Directors meetings.
    Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
         Name
Independent Officer
Reasons for election
No. of Board of Directors meetings attended (FY2019)
Important concurrent positions*1
    Yoichiro Yamakawa
Having determined that Yoichiro Yamakawa would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member appropriately from an independent perspective, utilizing his expertise as an attorney-at-law and extensive experience cultivated while serving as an officer at other companies, the Company elected him to that position.
17/17
        Takemi Nagasaka
Takemi Nagasaka has experience of accounting audits and was subsequently in charge of the accounting and finance department at a company that operates business extensively in Japan and overseas. Having determined that he would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member appropriately from an independent perspective, utilizing his advanced knowledge of finance and accounting, the Company elected him to that position.
16/17
        Kyoko Okada
Having determined that Kyoko Okada would be able to perform her duties as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member appropriately from an independent perspective, utilizing her broad knowledge of CSR and corporate culture and extensive experience cultivated while serving as an Audit & Supervisory Board Member at other companies, the Company elected her to that position.
—*3
     *1 As of June 26, 2020
*2 Assumed office on June 27, 2019 *3 Assumed office on June 26, 2020
 Partner/attorney-at-law, KOGA & PARTNERS
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent), Nabtesco Corporation
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside), SOLIZE Corporation
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Subaru Corporation
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, NS Solutions Corporation
Policy and Framework of IR Activities
Guided by its corporate motto, “Passion with Sincerity,” the Daio Paper Group is committed to making timely, appropriate and fair information disclosure, as well as promoting sincere and proactive communication with shareholders and investors through its IR activities.
The Company established the IR team in July 2016 to
promote engagement (constructive dialogue) with shareholders and investors. Daio Paper will continue to make an effort to explain its management policy and business conditions clearly, and to reflect feedback from shareholders and investors in its corporate activities appropriately.
Principal IR Activities Conducted in FY2019 (From April 2019 to March 2020)
    Activities
 One-on-one meetings with institutional investors
Details
  81 times
      Earnings and strategy briefing for analysts and institutional investors
2 times
     Overseas IR roadshows
0 times
     Events organized by securities companies
3 times
   Events for institutional investors
3 times
1 time
IR interviews and teleconferences with domestic and overseas analysts and institutional investors
Briefings with the President and Director-in-charge as the main speakers held after the second and fourth quarters
Meetings with overseas investors by persons in charge of IR and Corporate Planning
Small meetings and one-on-one meetings with analysts and institutional investors at domestic and overseas investment conferences
Briefings and mill tours for institutional investors by persons in charge of IR
Briefings for individual investors by persons in charge of IR
  Company briefings for individual investors
  Daio Paper Group 41
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 42 Integrated Report
Number of events

 Corporate Governance
Message from the Outside Director
SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
Daio Paper has continued tackling challenges, responding to changes in its business environment, and growing significantly. Its business has expanded from net sales of ¥407.3 billion in FY2012 to ¥546.4 billion in FY2019. I believe this was the result of the proper manifestation of the spirit of “Passion with Sincerity,” made possible through the improvements the Company has made up to now in its corporate governance.
The Company’s corporate governance system is designed around the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board, which have three Outside Directors and three Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, respectively, as members. The Board of Directors is responsible for formulating management strategies, making important business execution decisions and overseeing their execution, and the Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend major meetings, such as Board of Directors meetings, and audit the business performance and financial status as well as supervise the directors in the execution of their duties. Prior to each Board of Directors meeting, Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members hold a preliminary briefing and review meeting so that they can thoroughly examine proposals, and conduct advanced, lively discussions based on their deep insights. The purpose of the briefing and review is to raise the level, productivity and effectiveness of Board of Directors meetings through suggestions and constructive advice based on proper understanding of the essence and rationality of projects, the soundness of numerical values and other factors.
At the beginning of this message, I mentioned that corporate governance is “[a system of] mechanisms and activities to further enhance corporate value and help companies achieve sustainable growth.” This means that Daio Paper’s corporate governance is nothing less than something that must be achieved through the commitment of all of its employees and is built up by all of us. The following are some examples of the initiatives we have taken.
SECTION:03 SECTION:04
SDG Initiatives Data and Information
fundamentally underpins the sustainable growth of Daio Paper through its contribution to the creation of safe and secure workplaces.
In addition, as one of the basic principles of the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s Corporate Governance Code is “ensuring appropriate information disclosure and transparency,” similarly, here at Daio Paper, we recognize that it is extremely important for the departments in charge, such as the Timely Disclosure Committee and the Corporate Planning Department, to uphold transparency through the disclosure of corporate information to stakeholders.
Also, the newly established Sustainability Committee has three subcommittees—the Climate Change Response Subcommittee, the Environmental Impact Reduction Subcommittee and the QOL Improvement Subcommittee—to deepen discussions on the Company’s concrete initiatives toward achieving the SDGs. This is also a specific action toward achieving our management philosophy of “Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world.”
Currently, I serve as the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. The Remuneration Committee deliberates and decides the officers’ remuneration structure and the actual amounts of remuneration of individual officers. At the General Meeting of Shareholders held in 2018, a resolution to introduce a stock-based remuneration system as a long-term incentive for full-time directors and executive officers was passed. The Nomination Committee deliberates and makes decision regarding proposals on the selection and appointment of full-time directors to be submitted to the Board of Directors.
We are now in the middle of the final year of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan, “Move on: Reform and Soar Above,” and the consolidated results forecast calls for net sales of ¥565.0 billion. Even as the COVID- 19 outbreak continues to take hold, delaying a return to normal and slowing the recovery of both the global and Japanese economies, we are expecting an increase in net sales compared with the previous year, which, while modest at 3.4%, is an increase nonetheless.
  Nobuhiko Yoshida
Outside Director
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee; Member of the Compliance Committee
Deepening discussions on sustainable growth across the Company to increase our corporate value
“Corporate governance” is a structure for transparent, fair, timely and decisive decision-making by companies, with due attention to the needs and perspectives of shareholders and also customers, employeesandlocalcommunities.Thisisthe definition of “corporate governance” that appears at the beginning of Japan’s Corporate Governance Code released by the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
I would like to supplement the above definition with the following: “mechanisms and activities to further reinforce the strengths and complement the weaknesses of those companies, enabling them to pull themselves together, while enhancing their corporate value and helping them to achieve sustainable growth.” I believe that the strength and
splendor of Daio Paper arise from its ways of thinking and vitality, which are based on the Company’s underlying DNA trait of “Passion with Sincerity” and the “three gen ” principle: solving problems by going totheactuallocation(genba);inspectingtheactual situation(genbutsu);andascertainingtheactualfacts (genjitsu ).
The main pillars of the Company’s current corporate governance framework were rebuilt during the course of implementing the First Medium-Term Business Plan “Restart—Solid Reform and Further Growth,” which spanned from FY2012 to FY2014. Since then, and to this day, Daio Paper has been reinforcing it further with a variety of additional measures and new initiatives. At the same time,
First, at the monthly meeting of the Compliance
Committee,wedeliberateonvariousissuesregarding Underpinnedbythesystemofgovernancethat
Daio Paper Group 43
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
44 Integrated Report
the risk management and compliance of the entire Group as well as decide on countermeasures. By implementing these measures, we are focusing on cultivating a sound corporate culture to ultimately achieve the future vision of the Group. The Compliance Committee receives raw information from its eight subcommittees, which are frontline organizations.
The enhancement of the whistle-blowing system, which was established before the implementation of the First Medium-Term Business Plan, also
the Company has built up so far, I would like Daio Paper to boldly overcome the COVID-19 crisis and take on the challenge of reaching new heights.

SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
SECTION:02
Progress of the Group
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
2018/3
531,311 110,312 11,062 12,779 3,971 2,735 51,177 39,523 31,171 3,280 28,285
(51,485) 386
(23,200)
686,141 193,065 256,965 279,994
60,086 149,348,785
27.25 1,221.65 10.50
2.2
0.6 25.9 1.6
SECTION:04
Data and Information
 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of and for the fiscal years ended March 31
Financial Data
Fiscal year
For the Fiscal Year:
Net sales
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit
Ordinary profit
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent Comprehensive income (loss)
EBITDA
Capital expenditures
Depreciation and amortization
Research and development cost
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Free cash flow
At Fiscal Year-End:
Total assets
Net assets
Current assets
Net interest-bearing debts
Cash and cash equivalents Number of shares issued (shares)
Per Share Data (Yen):
Basic earnings per share Net assets per share Cash dividends per share
Financial Ratios:
ROE (%)
ROA (%)
Equity ratio (%)
Net debt to equity ratio (times)
(Millions of Yen)
 2020/3
  546,433
 109,677
 30,629
 28,112
 19,199
 13,477
 66,716
 61,934
 31,843
 3,043
 68,013
 (47,870)
 (14,050)
 20,143
  763,060
 209,536
 299,019
 285,426
 109,385
 154,531,953
  127.91
 1,319.57
 13.50
  10.0
 2.5
 26.1
 1.4
 2010/3
423,105 69,831 23,165 14,248
2,381 — 56,965 18,678 32,993 2,217 73,995
(21,531) (17,987) 52,464
703,549 132,689 293,910 336,500 129,497
129,018,785
19.22 857.38 8.50
2.3
0.3 15.1 3.2
2011/3
410,159 69,406 13,377
5,665 (18,234) (16,506) 47,548 22,057 32,850
2,079 41,153 (25,496) (20,747) 15,657
672,386 115,191 290,159 329,296 124,251
129,018,785
(147.27) 691.96 8.50
2012/3
408,985 64,261 10,483
4,748 (5,321) (3,247)
42,622 18,200 29,584
1,399 23,775 (32,171)
(7,379) (8,395)
596,425 97,313 269,483 308,948 86,332 129,018,785
(43.13) 680.29 8.50
(6.3)
(0.9)
2013/3
407,362 70,445 11,577
6,637 15,109 22,075 43,637 21,726 26,409
2,149 50,805 (41,455) (13,441)
9,350
659,112 107,969 246,258 363,533
82,457 129,018,785
126.51 821.21 8.50
2014/3
430,054 79,892 16,049 11,257
6,293 11,826 47,180 24,948 26,403
2,836 58,091 (26,826) (37,242) 31,265
646,112 119,252 243,871 331,825
79,046 129,018,785
51.52 875.39 8.50
6.1
1.0 17.0 3.0
2015/3
450,239 84,206 21,796 21,784 13,209 27,943 59,139 31,587 27,203
2,683 44,740 (28,581) (29,429) 16,160
652,745 164,495 252,490 292,466
69,073 149,348,785
93.48 1,059.78 8.50
10.0 2.0 23.7 1.9
2016/3
474,077 89,821 24,323 21,259 14,594
9,599 57,726 37,310 26,988
2,791 47,011 (26,073) (17,475) 20,938
656,310 174,820 257,154 281,456
72,169 149,348,785
100.15 1,119.24 10.50
9.2
2.2 24.9 1.7
2017/3
477,140 95,600 23,535 21,347 12,136 14,905 58,251 32,453 29,017
2,902 62,932 (31,394) (22,037) 31,538
657,747 191,079 257,048 255,077
82,733 149,348,785
83.28 1,211.33 10.50
7.1
1.8 26.8 1.4
2019/3
533,890 104,255 12,122 9,842 4,697 1,583 49,869 59,590 33,331 2,809 40,287
(62,110) 65,898 (21,823)
745,866 199,339 299,650 301,906 103,407
153,713,191
31.70 1,236.58 10.50
2.6
0.6 24.9 1.6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            16.8 2.3 12.7 14.0 14.7 3.8 3.7 3.7
(19.0) (2.7)
                                                    Notes: 1. 2. 3.
4.
Amounts are rounded down to the nearest million yen through the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, and rounded off to the nearest million yen from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012.
Whereas corporate expenses were included in “Adjustments” through the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, corporate expenses are allocated to each business segment from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, in order to more accurately grasp the results of each business segment. EffectivefromthefiscalyearendedMarch31,2011,the“AccountingStandardforPresentationofComprehensiveIncome”hasbeenadopted. EBITDA=Ordinaryprofit+interestexpenses+depreciationandamortization+amortizationofgoodwill+amortizationofnegativegoodwill+equityinearningsofaffiliate
5. 6.
Effective from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” has been adopted, and all the deferred tax assets are presented under “investments and other assets” of non-current assets. Consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 are restated in accordance with the presentation method after the amendments.
Effective from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, interest and dividend income received and interest expenses paid are presented under “Cash flows from operating activities.”ConsolidatedfinancialstatementsforthefiscalyearendedMarch31,2018arerestatedtoreflectthechangeintheclassification.
Employees (Consolidated)
Foreign Employees
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
GHG Emissions per Unit of Net Sales
Hard-to-Recycle Recovered Paper Usage
Final Disposal Amount of Industrial Waste
(Persons)
9,594 8,497
(Persons)
1,330
(1,000 t)
4,318
(t/million yen)
(1,000 t)
131
(1,000 t)
9
10,748
10,551
10,446
1,677
1,669
1,669
4,311
4,426
4,403
4,156
9.1
9.0
266
        1,547
8.3 8.2 7.6
               134
176 143
4444
             2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
Daio Paper Group 45 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 46 Integrated Report

The overview of the financial condition, operating results and cash flows (the “operating results, etc.”) of the Daio Paper Group (Daio Paper Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries) for the fiscal year under review (the “fiscal year ended March 31, 2020”), and the impression, analysis and review of the Daio Paper Group’s operating results, etc. from the viewpoint of the management are as follows.
Please note that forward-looking statements included in the following are based on the judgment of the Company as of the date of submission of the annual securities report (June 26, 2020). The outlook for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021 involves uncertainties or risks and may differ from actual results in the future.
1. Overview
The Japanese economy showed a moderate recovery trend in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 thanks to improvement in the employment and personal income environment and firm domestic demand, including personal consumption and public investment. Nevertheless, Japan’s future economic outlook is uncertain because of a slump in consumer confidence due to the consumption tax rate hike in October 2019, a series of natural disasters as well as the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic.
In these circumstances, the Daio Paper Group has been working to achieve its management targets for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021 under the Third Medium-Term Business Plan “Move on: Reform and Soar Above,” announced on May 31, 2018, through reforms with a view to establishing a resilient corporate structure capable of coping with rapid changes in the external environment. It is also mounting a united Groupwide effort to implement growth strategies in order to accomplish its long-term vision.
In the Paper and Paperboard Business, domestic demand for graphic paper such as paper for newspapers, advertising and other publications declined further, affected by the consumption tax rate hike in Japan and the COVID-19 pandemic. For some time, the Company has been pursuing a structural shift from graphic paper to packaging paper, such as containerboard, for which domestic and overseas demand is relatively strong. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, as a measure aimed at this structural shift, we rebuilt the N7 paper machine at Mishima Mill to produce containerboard, making full use of Mishima Mill’s ability to flexibly change its product mix. The machine commenced operation in April 2020. As a result of reducing the number of paper machines to match the market conditions and working to increase the use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper by leveraging our recovered paper processing technologies, both net sales and operating profit in the Paper and Paperboard Business increased from the previous fiscal year.
In the Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business, the Company faced a significantly changing demand structure, brought about by the consumption tax rate hike in October 2019 as well as large-scale natural disasters in Japan, and the COVID-19 pandemic. Based on these
circumstances, the Company focused efforts on strengthening its production and logistics systems, primarily for household paper and wet wipes. In addition, at the beginning of the period, the early implementation of profit improvement measures was an issue as the Company continued to face sharp increases in raw material prices and logistics costs, which have been persisting since the previous fiscal year. As the leading household paper manufacturer in Japan, the Company worked to revise prices, and the results came into effect from the second quarter. Due to these efforts, both net sales and operating profit in the H&PC Business increased from the previous fiscal year.
As a result of the above, both consolidated net sales and consolidated operating profit increased from the previous fiscal year while the Company achieved record high profit attributable to owners of parent.
2. Analysis of Operating Results
Consolidated results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 are as follows.
(1) Net Sales
Net sales increased by ¥12,543 million, or 2.3%, from the previous fiscal year, to ¥546,433 million, mainly reflecting such factors as efforts on stabilizing supply by strengthening production and logistics systems, primarily for household paper products and wet wipes, as well as the shift toward high value-added household paper products and the effect of price revisions in the H&PC Business.
(2) Operating Profit
Operating profit rose by ¥18,507 million, or 152.7%, from the previous fiscal year to ¥30,629 million, mainly reflecting efforts to maintain market conditions by reducing the number of paper production machines as well as efforts to increase usage of hard-to-recycle recovered paper by leveraging recovered paper processing technologies in the Paper and Paperboard Business, despite the impact of rises in raw material prices and logistics costs. As a result, operating margin increased by 3.3 percentage points from the previous fiscal year to 5.6%.
(3) Ordinary Profit
Ordinary profit increased by ¥18,270 million, or 185.6%, from the previous fiscal year to ¥28,112 million, mainly owing to the increase in operating profit.
(4) Extraordinary Income and Losses
Extraordinary income increased by ¥5,168 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥7,568 million, mainly owing to an increase in gain on sales of investment securities. Extraordinary losses decreased by ¥843 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥4,429 million, mainly owing to a decrease in impairment loss.
(5) Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Profit attributable to owners of parent increased by ¥14,502 million, or 308.8%, from the previous fiscal year to ¥19,199 million. As a result, basic earnings per share increased by ¥96.21 to ¥127.91.
Total assets as of March 31, 2020 increased by ¥17,194 million from the previous fiscal year end, to ¥763,060 million, primarily reflecting an increase in non-current assets as a result of the installation of a power generation facility fueled by black liquor and the rebuilding of the N7 paper machine at Mishima Mill to produce containerboard.
Total liabilities rose by ¥6,997 million from the previous fiscal year end to ¥553,524 million, mainly owing to the increase in income taxes payable due to higher profit before income taxes.
Total net assets increased by ¥10,197 million from the previous fiscal year end to ¥209,536 million, mainly owing to an increase in retained earnings.
As a result, the equity ratio as of March 31, 2020 was 26.1%, a 1.2 percentage point increase from the previous fiscal year end.
4. Analysis of Cash Flows
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled ¥68,013 million, having increased ¥27,726 million year on year. The main components are profit before income taxes amounting to ¥31,251 million, depreciation and amortization amounting to ¥31,843 million, and a ¥5,448 million increase in notes and accounts receivable—trade. Net cash used in investing activities amounted to ¥47,870 million, having decreased ¥14,240 million year on year. The main components are cash outflows of ¥49,096 million in payments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment and ¥6,723 million in payment for the purchase of intangible assets and cash inflow of ¥8,142 million in proceeds from sales of investment securities. Free cash flow, which is derived by subtracting the net cash used in investing activities from the net cash provided by operating activities, increased by ¥20,143 million. Net cash used in financing activities amounted to ¥14,050 million, having increased ¥79,948 year on year. The main components are proceeds from long-term loans payable amounting to ¥45,110 million, ¥49,879 million in repayments of long-term loans payable and net decrease in short-term loans payable amounting to ¥3,769 million.
As a result, cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2020 amounted to ¥109,385 million, up ¥5,978 million from the previous fiscal year end.
5. Dividend Policy
The Company places top priority on the return of profit to shareholders and sets a basic policy to continue to pay stable dividends, while taking into consideration factors such as the status of business and the sufficiency of retained earnings. It is also the Company’s basic policy to pay dividends twice a year, an interim dividend and a year-end dividend. The decision-making bodies for the distribution of retained earnings are the General Meeting of Shareholders for the year-end dividend and the Board of Directors for the interim dividend.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the Company paid an
SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
3. Analysis of Financial Condition
SECTION:02
Progress of the Group
SECTION:03 SECTION:04
SDG Initiatives Data and Information
annual dividend of ¥13.50 per share, which includes an interim dividend of ¥5.00, in line with the policy described previously.
Retained earnings are used effectively to further strengthen its corporate foundation, such as for upfront investments in growth areas, capital expenditures to enhance future corporate competitiveness, and the improvement of the Company’s financial position.
6. Outlook for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2021
Amid increasing uncertainty in the international situation, brought about by factors such as the trade friction between the U.S. and China, the COVID-19 pandemic has had a negative impact on the entire global economy. The uncertain outlook for the Japanese economy is also expected to continue. Moreover, business conditions for the pulp and paper industry are expected to remain difficult because of declining demand for paper and other factors.
In these circumstances, in the Paper and Paperboard Business, the Daio Paper Group will continue with structural reforms to adapt to changes in the demand structure, exemplified by the rebuilding of the N7 paper machine at Mishima Mill to produce containerboard and the expansion of sales of paper as a plastic alternative and packaging paper, which see mounting demand due to the plastic-free movement. The Group will also increase its profitability by implementing further structural reform to shift to production of higher value-added paper products, making full use of the pulp with a competitive edge that the Mishima Mill produces. In addition, we will boost our competitive advantage by promoting effective use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper through the utilization of industry- leading recovered paper processing technology.
In the domestic operations of the H&PC Business, the Group will build a stable supply structure that can cope with the expansion in demand for high value-added products by installing an additional state-of-the-art sanitary paper production facility at the Kawanoe Mill in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022. In the overseas operations, we will pursue our multi-category business expansion strategy by increasing sales of adult diapers, feminine care products and wet wipes in addition to our mainstay baby diapers, by increasing the number of new production bases. In February 2020, Daio Paper announced the acquisition of new production bases: Santher S.A. in Brazil and Özen A.S. in Turkey. At present, profit at both companies are stronger than initially expected, given increased awareness of hygiene due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
7. Risks Associated with Business, etc.
Among matters relating to the status of business and the status of accounting, etc. described in the financial statements, etc., the following matters may have significant impacts on the decision- making of investors.
Please note that forward-looking statements included in the
Capital Expenditures (Millions of Yen) Depreciation and Amortization (Millions of Yen)
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Cash Flows
      Net Sales (Millions of Yen) 531,311
474,077 477,140
Operating Profit (Millions of Yen) Operating Margin (%)
Composition of Net Sales and Operating Profit (%)
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Total Assets (Millions of Yen) Net Assets (Millions of Yen)
533,890
5.1 24,323
686,141
59,590
33,331
61,934
31,843
546,433
5.6 30,629
19,199
745,866
763,060
Paper and Paperboard
Home and Personal Care
Other
58%
(Millions of Yen)
14,594
12,136
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
     4.9 23,535
4%
26%
656,310 657,747
                    2.3 12,122
9%
Outside: Net sales
Inside: Operating profit
37,310 26,988
32,453 29,017
39,523 31,171
   2.1 11,062
65%
4,697
174,820 191,079 193,065 199,339 209,536 2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
  38%
3,971
     2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
Daio Paper Group 47 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 48 Integrated Report

following are based on the judgment of the Company as of the date of submission of the annual securities report.
(1) Impacts of Changes in Demand and Market Conditions
The Daio Paper Group is engaged in the Paper and Paperboard Business, H&PC Business, and other businesses. A significant decline in demand for our mainstay products (paper and containerboard products, and household paper products), or a downturn in market conditions for such products may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results.
(2) Impacts of Changes in Raw Material and Fuel Prices and Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates
The Daio Paper Group purchases raw materials and fuels, such as woodchips, recovered paper, chemicals, heavy oil and coal, both domestically and from overseas. Therefore, changes in the prices of raw materials and fuels, as well as fluctuations in foreign exchange rates for procurements of raw materials and fuels paid for in foreign currencies, may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results. In order to reduce the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on operating results, the Group uses forward exchange contracts to hedge certain transactions.
Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may also affect the Group’s overseas sales activities.
(3) Impacts of Overseas Businesses
The Daio Paper Group is making efforts, led by the H&PC Overseas Business Group, to develop business mainly in China, South Korea, Southeast Asia, Russia, Turkey, Brazil and other countries as one of its growth strategies. Overseas business expansion activities may be exposed to risks from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, and changes in the economic environment due to regulations implemented by the government of each country, deterioration in diplomatic relations and public sentiment or political instability, etc., which may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results. (4) Impact of Interest Rate Changes
The Daio Paper Group has been working on reducing interest-bearing debts. However, if there is a significant increase in interest rates, it may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results. In order to reduce the impact of interest rate changes on operating results, the Daio Paper Group raises funds mainly through long-term borrowing with fixed interest rates to minimize the risk of short-term interest rate increases.
(5) Impacts of Price Changes of Investment Securities Available-for-sale securities with market value are stated by the market value method based on the market price on the closing date, etc. Depending on the share prices of investment securities on the closing date, their price changes may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results. The Daio Paper Group has been reducing strategic cross-shareholdings. It also aims to reduce the total amount of shareholdings to reduce the potential impact of price fluctuations.
(6) Impacts of Disaster
In the event of a disaster in areas where the Group’s production and logistics bases are located, the Group’s financial position and operating results may be affected due to damage to production facilities, disruption and delay in operation, incurrence of restoration costs, suspension of logistics functions, loss of products and merchandise, etc.
(7) Impacts of Lawsuits and Laws and Regulations
The Daio Paper Group works to comply with various laws and regulations, environmental regulations (including those on CO2 emissions related to preventing global warming), social norms, etc., and is making efforts to strengthen its compliance framework. However, the Group is exposed to the risk of lawsuits, etc. regarding such laws and regulations in its domestic and overseas business activities. Changes in legal regulations and the results of such lawsuits, etc. may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results. (8) Impacts of Loan Agreements with Financial Covenants
The Company has signed syndicated term loan agreements, and those agreements contain financial covenants that set financial standards it is required to maintain, such as the amount of net assets reported in the consolidated balance sheet at the end of each fiscal year and ordinary profit/loss reported in the consolidated statement of income of each fiscal year. If the Company fails to comply with the financial covenants, it will be required to repay borrowings, which may affect the Company’s financial position and operating results. (9) Impacts of Impairment Accounting on Non-Current Assets The Daio Paper Group owns non-current assets such as property, plant and equipment and goodwill. We apply impairment accounting to these non-current assets and verify if the carrying amount of assets can be recovered through future cash flows generated from the assets, and we apply the appropriate accounting treatment for assets that require the recognition of an impairment loss. If there is a decrease in estimated future cash flows due to changes in the future business environment, we will be required to recognize an additional impairment loss, which may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results.
(10) Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic
With the safety of customers, suppliers and employees as its priority, each division in the Daio Paper Group has taken action to prevent further transmission of the disease, which includes thorough infection control measures in accordance with the guidelines of the World Health Organization (WHO) and the public health administration in each country, employee health management, introduction of remote work and restrictions on business trips and meetings. A continuation of the pandemic going forward will lead to a reduction in sales volume due to deterioration in the global economy, hikes in raw material prices and difficulties in securing raw materials, decline in logistics functions, etc. which may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results.
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of and for the fiscal years ended March 31
Assets
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable—trade
Electronically recorded monetary claims—operating
Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies
(Millions of Yen)
SECTION:01
Value Creation Story
Consolidated Financial Statements
SECTION:02
Progress of the Group
(Millions of Yen)
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Cash Flows
  2020
   113,054
 92,742
 10,982
 42,667
 6,767
 27,864
 4,945
 (2)
 299,019
   227,571
 (148,743)
 78,828
 887,255
 (747,628)
 139,627
 81,890
 49,900
 25,040
 (13,161)
 11,879
 362,124
  39,941
 16,936
 56,877
  23,182
 3,824
 8,126
 845
 9,922
 (1,040)
 44,859
 463,860
 181
 763,060
   2020
   53,135
 15,453
 22,541
 53,724
 39,216
 538
 10,947
 5,217
 129
 14,534
 215,434
  60,300
 —
 242,101
 568
 23,255
 194
 47
 25
 32
 11,568
 338,090
 553,524
   43,449
 44,095
 116,818
 (3,065)
 201,297
  2,799
 10
 (5,443)
 470
 (2,164)
 10,403
 209,536
 763,060
   2019
106,548
96,915
12,174
41,557
6,337
28,801
Liabilities
2019
58,774
19,222
—
49,839
29,312
811
2,250
4,893
98
12,618
177,817
60,300
23,745
250,755
1,094
22,060
311
—
27
68
10,350
368,710
546,527
42,859
42,968
99,189
(2,910)
182,106
9,051
(20)
(6,089)
554
3,496
13,737
199,339
745,866
                 Other 7,380
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable—trade
Short-term borrowings
Current portion of bonds with share acquisition rights
Current portion of long-term borrowings
Accounts payable—other
Current portion of long-term accounts payable—facilities
Income taxes payable
Provision for bonuses
Provision for bonuses for directors (and other officers)
Other
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable
Convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Long-term borrowings
Long-term accounts payable—facilities
Retirement benefit liability
Provision for retirement benefits for directors (and other officers)
Provision for share-based remuneration
Provision for environmental measures
Provision for loss on business of subsidiaries and associates
Other
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Share capital
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
                                                    Net Debt to Equity Ratio (Times)
Net Interest-Bearing Debts (Millions of Yen)
Free Cash Flow (Millions of Yen)
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures
Accumulated depreciation
Buildings and structures, net
Machinery, equipment and vehicles
Accumulated depreciation
Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net
Land
Construction in progress
Other
Accumulated depreciation
Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Goodwill
Other
Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Long-term loans receivable
Deferred tax assets
Retirement benefit asset
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Deferred assets
Total assets
(62)
299,650
226,249
(144,536)
81,713
874,571
(738,986)
135,585
80,468
29,750
22,453
(12,263)
10,190
337,706
43,553
11,685
55,238
32,861
3,840
5,420
—
11,930
(1,031)
53,020
445,964
252
745,866
       1.7
281,456
279,994
301,906
285,426
    1.6
1.6
255,077
31,538
     1.4
1.4
20,938
20,143
 –23,200 –21,823
       2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
2016/03 2017/03 2018/03 2019/03 2020/03
 Daio Paper Group 49 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group
50 Integrated Report

SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
Cash flows from operating activities Profit before income taxes Depreciation
Impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Gain on exchange from business combination
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liability
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses (gains)
Subsidy income
Insurance claim income
Loss (gain) on sales of property, plant and equipment
Loss on retirement of property, plant and equipment Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable—trade Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable—trade Increase (decrease) in other assets/liabilities
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes
Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received
Interest paid
Proceeds from subsidy income
Proceeds from insurance income
Income taxes paid
Income taxes refunded
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Net decrease (increase) in time deposits
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Purchase of intangible assets
Loans receivable granted
Collection of loans receivable
Payments of leasehold deposits
Proceeds from exchange of subsidiary shares resulting in change in scope of consolidation Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
(Millions of Yen)
2020
31,251 31,843 1,742 3,559 —
(51) (6,778)
220 (757)
3,202 776
(411) (604) 23
1,464 5,448 3
(5,653) 5,235 2,193
(57) 72,648 940
(3,638) 918 579
(4,134) 700 68,013
(544) (49,096)
514 (209)
8,142 (6,723) (474)
474 (20)
— 66
(47,870)
(3,769) 45,110
(49,879) —
— (1,570)
(2,888)
(1,054) (14,050) (115)
5,978 103,407 — 109,385
 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Income
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit
Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Rental income from non-current assets
Insurance claim income
Subsidy income
Ship lease income
Other
Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses
Other
Total non-operating expenses
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Gain on exchange from business combination
Gain on sales of investment securities
Other
Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Loss on sales and retirement of non-current assets
Loss on disaster
Impairment loss
Other
Total extraordinary losses
Profit before income taxes
Income taxes—current
Refund of income taxes
Income taxes—deferred
Total income taxes
Profit
Loss attributable to non-controlling interests
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
Profit
Other comprehensive income:
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
(Millions of Yen)
   2020
 546,433
 406,127
 140,306
 109,677
 30,629
  166
 592
 393
 436
 411
 418
 1,523
 3,939
  3,202
 1,028
 2,226
 6,456
 28,112
  —
 6,778
 790
 7,568
  1,499
 463
 1,742
 725
 4,429
 31,251
 12,633
 (344)
 (224)
 12,065
 19,186
 (13)
 19,199
       2019
533,890
417,513
116,377
104,255
12,122
195
578
361
214
568
—
1,417
3,333
3,113
377
2,123
5,613
9,842
1,438
71
891
2,400
1,070
998
3,019
185
5,272
6,970
5,159
(454)
(1,069)
3,636
3,334
(1,363)
4,697
2019
3,334
(855)
(20)
(2,116)
1,240
(1,751)
1,583
3,291
(1,708)
(Millions of Yen)
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings
Proceeds from long-term borrowings
Repayments of long-term borrowings
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Proceeds from issuance of common shares assigned to non-controlling interests
Cash dividends paid
Payments from changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents resulting from change in scope of consolidation Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
2019
6,970 33,331 3,019 3,583
(1,438) 93
(44) 1,028
(773) 3,113 377
(568) (926) 13
1,045 330
(4,880) 335
(19) (283) (1)
44,305 1,072 (3,335)
970
872 (4,726)
1,129 40,287
3,333 (64,380) 2,434
(228) 324
(3,560) (644)
575 (596)
1,581 (949) (62,110)
(6,616) 105,000
(50,646) 19,909 410
(1,545) —
(614) 65,898
(731) 43,344 60,086
(23) 103,407
                                                                                                                                                                                        2020
 19,186
  (6,341)
 30
 685
 (83)
 (5,709)
 13,477
  13,539
 (62)
                                                 Daio Paper Group
51
Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 52 Integrated Report

Investor Information
Status of Shares (As of March 31, 2020)
Authorized Shares Number of Shares Issued Number of Shareholders
Shareholder Distribution
300,000,000 shares 154,531,953 shares 9,144
Established
Capital
Number of Employees Offices
Mills
Branches Website
Main Products
May 5, 1943
¥43.4 billion
2,619 (Unconsolidated), 10,446 (Consolidated)
Number of Shareholders by Type of Shareholders
Individuals, others 90.5%
Other domestic companies 6.9%
Foreign institutions and 1.7% individuals
Financial institutions 0.6%
Financial instruments and 0.3% exchange dealers
Treasury stock 0.0%
Number of Shares
by Type of Shareholders
Other domestic companies 55.1%
Financial institutions 29.2%
Foreign institutions and 7.5% individuals
Individuals, others 6.0% Treasury stock 1.7%
Tokyo Headquarters: 10-2, Fujimi 2-chome, Chiyoda Ward, Tokyo
Tel: +81-3-6856-7500
Shikoku Headquarters: 628, Mishimakamiya-cho, Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture Tel: +81-896-23-9001
Mishima Mill (Ehime Prefecture), Kani Mill (Gifu Prefecture)
Osaka Branch, Nagoya Branch, Kyushu Branch (Fukuoka City)
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/
SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
Corporate Data / Network
Corporate Information (As of March 31, 2020)
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
     9,144 shareholders
Major Shareholders
Name
154,532 thousand shares
Newsprint, coated paper, woodfree paper, printing paper for publication, PPC paper, carbonless paper, adhesive printing paper, wrapping paper, functional specialty paper, paperboard, various types of pulp, household paper (facial tissue, toilet tissue, paper towels), disposable baby and adult diapers, sanitary napkins, masks, etc.
Financial instruments and exchange dealers
0.5%
Production Bases (As of September 30, 2020) 1 MishimaMill 2 KaniMill
Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture Kani City, Gifu Prefecture
Business Bases of the Group Companies (Headquarters Location)
 Number of
shares held (Thousands of shares)
36,447 7,112 7,072 6,920 5,331 4,700 4,136 4,110 4,027 3,871
Shareholding ratio
(%)
24.0 4.7 4.7 4.6 3.5 3.1 2.7 2.7 2.7 2.5
Stock Price (Yen)
Paper Manufacturing
Printing
11 Daio Printing Corporation Toshima Ward, Tokyo
12 Miura Printing Corporation Sumida Ward, Tokyo
13 Daio Postal Chemical Corporation Toshima Ward, Tokyo
14 Daiwa Shiko Co., Ltd. Chuo Ward, Tokyo
15 Senmeisha Corporation Sumida Ward, Tokyo
Corrugated Container
16 Daio Package Corporation Chiyoda Ward, Tokyo
Distribution
17 Tokyo Pulp & Paper International Co., Ltd.
Chuo Ward, Tokyo
18 Daio Pulp & Paper Co., Ltd. ChuoWard,Tokyo
19 Elleair Business Support Co., Ltd. Toshima Ward, Tokyo
Paper Converting
20 Daio Mill Support Co., Ltd. Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
21 Daio Mill Support Tokai Corporation Kawabe-cho, Kamo Distict, Gifu Prefecture
22 Elleair Texel Corporation Kani City, Gifu Prefecture
Engineering
23 Daio Engineering Co., Ltd. Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
Transportation
24 Daio Logistics Co., Ltd. Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
25 KG LOGISTICS LTD. Chiba City, Chiba Prefecture
Other Businesses
26 Elleair Resorts Golf Club Co., Ltd. Matsuyama City, Ehime Prefecture
5 4 3
1
26 6 9 24
20 23
30
29
31 32
8
    Hokuetsu Corporation
Daio Kaiun Co., Ltd.
The Iyo Bank, Ltd.
The Ehime Bank, Ltd.
Ehime Paper Manufacturing Co. Ltd. Kami Shoji Co. Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) The Norinchukin Bank
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) Tokushu Tokai Paper Co., Ltd.
1 2 3 4 5 6
Iwaki Daio Paper Corporation
Iwaki City, Fukushima Prefecture
Dainichi Paper Corporation
Fuji City, Shizuoka Prefecture
Otsu Paper Board Co., Ltd.
Otsu City, Shiga Prefecture
Harima Paper Tech. Corporation
Kakogawa City, Hyogo Prefecture
Taisei Paper Corporation
Tsuyama City, Okayama Prefecture
Marubishi Paper Tec. Corporation
Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
    H&PC Manufacturing
7 Elleair Paper Co., Ltd. Fujinomiya City, Shizuoka Prefecture
8 Akabira Paper Corporation Akabira City, Hokkaido
9 Elleair Product Co., Ltd. Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
10 Daio Paper Products Corporation Fuji City, Shizuoka Prefecture
Overseas Business Bases
1
   Notes: 1. The shares held by Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) and The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) are related to trust service. 2. Shareholdingratiodoesnotincludetreasurystock(excludingthesharesheldbytrustbankasBoardBenefitTrust).
Stock Price and Trading Volume
Trading volume (left scale) Stock price (closing) (right scale) Trading Volume (Thousands of shares)
2
21 22
11 12 13 14 15 16
27101718 19 25
33
 20,000 1,800
15,000 1,350
10,000 900
5,000 450
2018/04 2018/10 2019/04 2019/10 2020/03
27 Forestal Anchile LTDA. (Chile)
28 Elleair International Korea Co., Ltd. (South Korea)
29 Elleair International (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
30 Elleair International China (Nantong) Co., Ltd. (China)
31 PT. Elleair International Trading Indonesia (Indonesia)
32 PT. Elleair International Manufacturing Indonesia (Indonesia)
33 Oregon Chip Terminal INC. (U.S.A.)
34 Elleair International Turkey Kişisel Bakım Ürünleri Üretim A.Ş. (Turkey) 35 Santher - Fábrica de Papel Santa Therezinha S.A. (Brazil)
34
28
           35 27
 Daio Paper Group 53 Integrated Report
Daio Paper Group 54
Integrated Report
