SDG Initiatives
Dedicated
Dedication to Manufacturing
Basic Approach
As a full-range paper manufacturer engaged in the production and sale of paper, paperboard and home and personal care products, the Daio Paper Group aims for people-friendly manufacturing in harmony with the environment while providing high value-added products. We will achieve Trusted Manufacturing by
Mishima Mill, Daio Paper
promoting initiatives such as flexible production systems, rigorous quality management, highly transparent procurement processes and research and development that creates new value, in order to be responsive to changing social needs in a broad range of fields.
Thorough Quality Management
The Daio Paper Group’s quality assurance framework that is based on ISO 9001 covers processes ranging from the purchase of raw materials through to the delivery of products. It also has a Quality Assurance Policy that guides its rigorous quality management. In our production of household paper, we have automated systems that inspect all products sheet by sheet and container by container. We also have quality inspectors who examine individual processes and products.
Highly Transparent Procurement Process
The Group procures materials with forest certification, which are materials audited by a third party for their legality, etc. For materials without forest certification, such as thinned wood, the Group investigates the logging areas and distribution channels of all suppliers to confirm that wood has been legally felled.
In October 2020, we launched GOO.N Plus, a disposable baby diaper that focuses on skin sensitivity. Babies’ skin tends to dehydrate more easily than adults’ and is also more vulnerable to injury. We considered the question of what a diaper can do to help their sensitive skin and came to the answer of infusing diapers with moisturizing agents. To find the best balance for the perfect softness, we went through repeated experiments with different amounts of moisturizing agents and conducted consumer testing with 1,500 subjects. We also adopted a new evaluation method which uses a 3D skin model with academic advice from Professor Hitoshi Masaki of Tokyo University of Technology, who is an expert in skin science. More than two years after conceiving the idea, we finally succeeded in commercializing the product. We say with pride to babies around the world, “This is the gentlest diaper!”
PICK UP: 2
New product: GOO.N Plus with a moisturizing agent
SECTION:01 SECTION:02 SECTION:03 Value Creation Story Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives
PICK UP: 1
Applying Moisturizer Technology of Elleair Lotion Tissue to Disposable Diapers
SECTION:04
Data and Information
                                    Rebuilding the N7 Paper Machine to Produce Containerboard
    Flexible Production Systems
The Mishima Mill, the Daio Paper Group’s core paper mill, engages in fully integrated production ranging from pulp to paper and containerboard. Its annual production is approximately 2.1 million tons, or some 8% of Japan’s total paper and paperboard production. Through the combination of all types of pulp and a variety of paper machines, the Mishima Mill has developed a production and sales structure that can flexibly align to market needs.
Research and Development that Creates New Value
The Daio Paper Group works to launch high value-added products with a focus on developing and improving products that fit changing user needs. We also develop new business fields and conduct research and development of new materials. In FY2019, the Group’s total research and development expenses were ¥3,043 million.
Production
Trusted Manufacturing
Quality
We started rebuilding the N7 paper machine in October 2019 into a machine that produces containerboard, for which there is robust demand. The machine conversion was completed on schedule in March 2020, and operations commenced in April. By making use of the infrastructural advantages of the machine, which is one of the most productive in Japan, and the coastal location of the Mishima Mill, we aim to increase exports to markets in China and SE Asia, where steady market growth for containerboard is anticipated.
The N7 machine is one of the most competitive containerboard machines in Japan, and it makes use of the highly cost-competitive pulp and energy of the Mishima Mill. It can manufacture using a high percentage of recovered paper pulp in its raw material and we are applying our advanced production technology and management expertise in its operation. Furthermore, as it makes use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper, which was previously disposed of as waste, as a raw material, it will contribute to the development of a recycling-oriented society.
PICK UP: 3
     Mishima Mill N7 machine after being rebuilt into a containerboard machine
             EliPla Paper Wins Encouragement Prize (the 29th Global Environment Award)
          Research and development
Procurement
The 29th Global Environment Award (organized by Fujisankei Communications Group) has given Daio Paper’s EliPla Paper, a high-density heavyweight paper that is an alternative material for plastic, the Encouragement Prize. EliPla Paper draws on Daio Paper’s production technology for specialty paperboard that it developed over many years. It possesses both the rigidity required for paper knives and stir sticks as well as outstanding biodegradability, making it an environment-friendly material that is suitable as an alternative to plastic. Marine plastic from illegal dumping has been increasingly recognized as a problem, and initiatives to eliminate plastics are underway in each country. The organizers of the Global Environment Award recognized Daio Paper’s efforts to solve such environmental problems and awarded us the Encouragement Prize.
In June 2020, Daio Paper also launched sales of EliPla+ that has additional water- and oil-resistant properties. Going forward, we will remain dedicated to manufacturing in environment-friendly ways and of environment-friendly products.
  Please see our website for more details.
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/csr/dedicated/
Paper knife for Homare no Jindaiko (a popular sweet made by Okashino Kobai Corporation in Kumamoto City)
     