SECTION:01 SECTION:02
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
PICK UP: 1
Responding to COVID-19
In light of the shortage of masks in Japan due to COVID-19, Daio Paper began domestic production of masks in April 2020. As elderly people, in particular, are at high risk of becoming critically ill, and it is difficult to ensure social distancing in environments such as nursing care facilities, we prioritized supply to institutions and facilities requiring large volumes of masks for infection control. We have also taken part in a research project by RIKEN and others that studies the effectiveness of masks using the Fugaku supercomputer, and we intend to apply the results of the research to the development of masks.
We have also boosted production of alcohol-based sanitizing wet tissues as well as paper towels in response to greater awareness of infectious diseases and heightened hygiene consciousness.
PICK UP: 2
Heart Support Project
The Heart Support Project consists of activities by our feminine care brand Elis to support women around the world. We launched the project on International Day of the Girl Child on October 11, 2018, as the following year was the 40th anniversary of the Elleair brand.
In FY2019, we put out a call for social media posts featuring photographs with a heart-shaped motif and the hashtag #ハートサポート2019 (“heart support 2019”). Each post would advocate one out of seven types of programs supporting women’s autonomy in Kenya, Africa, and we would carry out all the programs when our goal of 5,000 posts was achieved. In 2019, we reached the upper limit of 5,000 posts (equaling 5,000 programs) within 28 days of the campaign’s launch.
In FY2020, we changed the target country of our support to Zambia. While the commencement of the project was postponed from its usual start date of October 11 due to COVID-19, we intend to go forward with the project and support programs as we monitor the local COVID-19 situation.
PICK UP: 3
Taking on Challenges to Achieve Dreams
As part of its social contribution activities, which include community-based sports and cultural activities, Daio Paper has been sponsoring the Tokyo Schoolgirls’ Rubber Baseball Tournament since the first tournament for the elementary school division in 2012, and the first tournament for the junior high school division in 2015 in order to provide opportunities for girls—those who really love baseball—to pursue challenges enthusiastically. Once again this year, many elementary and junior high school students engaged in heated battles to win the tournament.
We also hold the Daio Paper Elleair Ladies Open every November and 2020 marks the 39th tournament. In 2019, Hinako Shibuno won the tournament with over 18,000 spectators in attendance.
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
                     Attentive
Bonds with Local Communities
Basic Approach
As a global corporation with sites in eight countries worldwide, the Daio Paper Group aims to be good corporate citizens and earn the trust of the world where we work. Through our business activities, we will coexist in harmony with local communities and actively support local initiatives in order to contribute to local
Heart Support Project
development. In Japan and overseas, we work to enhance understanding of our business activities and grow harmoniously with local communities by holding plant tours for local residents as well as students and by participating in local communities.
Hyper Block Mask
(Left) Non-alcohol-based sanitizing wet tissue
(Right) Alcohol-based sanitizing wet towel
                   Harmonious Growth with Local Communities
    Responding to Declining Birthrate and Aging Population
Improving Quality of Life (QOL)
The Daio Paper Group promotes diverse initiatives to support comfortable lifestyles. In response to aging population, we are
making efforts to support nursing care by providing eldercare products and by providing assistance to the Gambaranai Kaigo-seikatsu o Kangaeru Kai , a committee that promotes stress-free nursing care.
In response to declining birthrate, we are supporting child-rearing by establishing “GOO.N Sukusuku House,” a facility for employer-provided childcare services, and by cooperating with local governments in their measures to address the declining birthrate.
Enriching Lifestyles of People around the World
For people around the world
It is argued that widespread use of disposable baby diapers and feminine care products could contribute to preventing infectious diseases as well as contribute to women’s economic empowerment.
To that end, the Daio Paper Group launched the Heart Support Project, which seeks to create opportunities for people to think about the circumstances of women around
the world and act on it.
Sustainable Growth in Partnership with Local Communities
For local communities
We work to enhance understanding of our business activities by holding plant tours for local residents as well as students and by participating in local communities.
In China, approximately 1,500 people per year take part in our plant tours. In Indonesia, we have continued to engage in business activities that are rooted in the community. In particular, to help resolve concerns that mothers have about child-rearing and to provide parenting support, we provided places for them to talk and also conducted visits to local communities.
Fashion show (one of the support programs for the 2019 project in Kenya)
Tokyo Schoolgirls’ Rubber Baseball Tournament (Elementary 