SDG Initiatives
SECTION:01 SECTION:02 SECTION:03 SECTION:04
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group SDG Initiatives Data and Information
Concrete Numerical Targets for Diverse Management and Health Management
Percentage of managerial 5.0 Current 2.2
positions filled by women: % (By March 31, 2025) percentage: % (As of September 30, 2020)
      Target
           Creating a Comfortable Workplace Environment
Improving Lifestyle Habits
Achieve 100% take-up rate for medical checkups
    Integrated
Corporate Culture Providing Safety and Motivation to Work
Basic Approach
Based on its corporate motto and founding spirit “Passion with Sincerity,” the Daio Paper Group operates its business with a priority on safety and peace of mind and works to be a company where employees can play active roles in good health and with enthusiasm. We respect the diversity and personalities of each and every
Growth Spiral
Growth of the organization
Accelerating diversity
Productivity improvement
Self-Directed Human Resource Development
Strengthening Education and Career Development Support
With globalization, employee diversity is increasing. We expect to employ approximately 8,000 international individuals by FY2026, and we are boosting language education.
Moreover, in order to encourage each and every employee to think about their own career path independently and grow continuously and ambitiously toward their own career goals, we have strengthened career design training for each age group.
2017 (Result)
21 hours/ month
2018 (Result)
22 hours/ month
2019 (Result)
23 hours/ month
2020 (Target)
18 hours or less/month
2020 (Target) 100%
2017 (Result) 100%
2018 (Result) 100%
2019 (Result) 100%
2020 (Target) 100%
2020 (Target) 25.0% or less
Reduce overtime work
                    Enhancing Mental Healthcare
Promoting Efforts to Quit Smoking
    Diversity training
employee, and we will continue to develop as a vibrant and robust corporate group by providing a comfortable work environment that allows every employee to achieve their highest potential and nurturing employees who think, decide and act for themselves.
Growth of individuals
Mentality reform
Display of capabilities
Motivation to work
Self-directed human resource development
2017 (Result) 2018 (Result) 98.8% 99.9%
Message from Management
2019 (Result) 100%
2017 (Result) 31.0%
2018 (Result) 31.2%
2019 (Result) 30.5%
Improve participation rate in stress level tests
Reduce smoking rate
              Creating a Work Environment that Nurtures and Enables the Full Potential of Our Employees—Our Corporate Asset—for the Generation
of New Value
Toshihiro Adachi
 Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Responsible for Corporate Unit
and Compliance; General Manager of Business Administration Division, Corporate Unit; Chief Health Officer (CHO)
        Diversity
The Daio Paper Group has continually championed self- directed human resource development, promotion of diversity and health management as measures to achieve sustainable corporate development.
Self-Directed Human Resource Development
We believe that developing self-directed employees—those who can think for themselves, set out their own paths and progress along it—is essential for achieving global growth.
Daio Paper has introduced a diverse range of learning programs to support the growth of its employees, and has established a framework that enables those employees to receive the necessary training for self-growth at the appropriate career stage and also according to their preferred work style. Furthermore, to encourage each and every employee to construct their own career path independently and to continue to grow with ambition, we provide support from all angles for self-directed career development, including career design training for each age group and internal recruitment that allows employees to apply for open positions on their own initiative.
Diversity Promotion
We believe that active participation by employees from diverse backgrounds will facilitate sustainable corporate growth. The Diversity Committee, established in FY2019, leads the
promotion of diversity management at the Daio Paper Group. In the area of women empowerment, which is a key issue,
we facilitate career development that is not constrained by gender stereotypes. This includes putting an emphasis on increasing the number of women in managerial positions and assigning women to a greater variety of departments as well as encouraging male employees to take childcare leave.
In addition, we continue to promote employment of older generations and individuals with disabilities, and recognizing that the understanding of LGBT individuals is a pressing issue, we have commenced training on the issue in the Group’s personnel departments.
Health Management
We believe that a company’s lasting growth can only be achieved if its employees and their families are physically and mentally healthy and energetically and actively playing their part in society.
The Daio Paper Group announced the “Daio Paper Group Declaration of Health” in 2014. Based on that, we are working to maintain and promote health with the participation of all employees through four initiatives: “Creating a comfortable workplace environment,” “Improving lifestyle habits,” “Enhancing mental healthcare” and “Promoting efforts to quit smoking.”
 Health management
Promoting Diversity
Incorporating New Work Styles
In conjunction with the COVID-19 pandemic, we are working to incorporate new styles of working and enhance the comfort of work environments to enable our employees to be productive regardless of work scheduling and work location.
We incorporated flextime as well as an hourly leave policy that allows employees to take their annual paid leave by the hour. We have also allowed employees to work remotely, such as from home or from shared office spaces.
Health and Productivity Management
Promoting Health
The Health Management Committee, chaired by the Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Toshihiro Adachi, who also serves as the Chief Health Officer (CHO), has a tripartite structure made up of the Company, the health insurance union and the labor union.
Here at Daio Paper, we do not employ a top-down approach to promote health management. Instead, we believe in instilling the essence of health management into employees through diligent, steadfast activities.