
Value Creation Story Progress of the Group
PICK UP: 1
Biomass Boiler at the Mishima Mill Commences Operation
The Mishima Mill has been generating biomass power with black liquor, a waste product of the kraft pulping process, as the energy source in recovery boilers for some time. A newly installed biomass boiler was put into operation in July 2020. We are operating the boiler with expertise that we have developed to date, and the electricity generated is sold to electric power companies through the feed-in tariff (FIT) scheme. Compared to existing facilities, this cutting-edge black liquor recovery boiler improves efficiency by 5%, reducing CO2 emissions by 25,000 t/year.
Going forward, Daio Paper will continue working to reduce its environmental impact by installing facilities that lead to effective utilization of renewable energy.
SECTION:03
SDG Initiatives
SECTION:04
Data and Information
                  Organic
Contribution to the Global Environment
Basic Approach
In accordance with the “Daio Global Environment Charter,” we expand our business globally in harmony with the global environment while actively tackling environmental problems with the aim of realizing a sustainable society. We have established an environmental management promotion framework to
Forestry property of Forestal Anchile LTDA.
implement the initiatives in the Daio Global Environment Charter, and use PDCA cycles in our Groupwide efforts toward those initiatives. We will continue to engage in environment-friendly business activities aimed at realizing a low-carbon, recycling- oriented society that coexists in harmony with nature.
Biomass boiler at the Mishima Mill that utilizes the FIT scheme
          Daio Global Environment Charter
Message from Management
Continuously Striving to Conserve the Environment and Contribute to
the Realization of
a Sustainable Society
Takashi Ono
Director and Managing Executive Officer Responsible for Production Unit; General Manager of Production Division; President and Representative Director of Daio Engineering Co., Ltd.
Basic Policy
  1 Mitigation of global warming
2 Effective use of resources and environmentally
friendly procurement of raw materials
3 Reduction of environmental loads together with supply chain partners
4 Forest conservation Aiming for a
5 6 7 8
Reduction and effective use of waste
Development and deployment of technologies and products with lower environmental impact
Realization of sustainable partnership
Active environmental communication and coexistence with local communities
The Daio Paper Group recognizes the reduction of fossil fuel energy use as a key issue. We will transform Iwaki Daio Paper into a mill that uses only in-house power generated from non-fossil fuels by installing its third waste boiler fueled by wood residue and waste plastic (scheduled for operation in January 2023). At the Mishima Mill, we put into operation a high-efficiency black liquor recovery boiler in July 2020 as well as an anaerobic treatment facility that extracts biogas from pulp wastewater in October of the same year. In 2021, we plan to partially switch our lime kilns’ fuel source from heavy oil to liquefied natural gas (LNG), a low-carbon fuel. In addition, we are considering installing a waste boiler, similar to the one we installed at Iwaki Daio Paper, at the Mishima Mill to further reduce the use of fossil fuel energy. We plan to shut down the coal boilers at the Mishima Mill in stages and we seek to completely phase out coal usage by 2050. We are also preparing to conduct environmental assessments of these facilities.
Next, in terms of recycling initiatives, Daio Paper has worked to promote a high utilization rate of recovered paper and has achieved a utilization rate of recovered paper that exceeds the industry average. To further promote recycling, we are increasing our usage of hard-to-recycle recovered
paper, which is recovered paper that used to be left unused and incinerated due to high levels of prohibitive materials that inhibits recycling, such as the base paper for gypsum board, laminated recovered paper, etc. Using our proprietary technology, we can automatically sort out plastics from those recovered papers to make them suitable for use as papermaking raw materials. The remaining plastics are used as fuel in waste boilers as an alternative to fossil fuel energy to generate power.
Furthermore, we are working toward the early commercialization of the ELLEX cellulose nanofiber (CNF) by developing technologies for mass production and expanding our CNF product lineup to meet diverse needs. Our CNF molded sheet, ELLEX-M, was adopted as a material in Revoldia CNF, a high-performance table tennis racket manufactured by Tamasu Co., Ltd. that launched in April 2020. ELLEX-M was also used as a material for the hood, rear doors and rear spoilers of a race car in 2019, and in 2020, it was used for the whole body exterior and interior panels. In addition, our CNF composite resin was also used for the car door mirrors. Going forward, we will continue to champion the shift from fossil fuel-derived materials to natural materials by developing CNF into a viable new business area.
            Aiming for a Low-Carbon Society       Recycling-Oriented Society
Aiming for a Society that Coexists in Harmony with Nature
Conserve Forests
Practice of sustainable forest management
Consideration for biodiversity Effective utilization of wood resources Promotion of procurement of materials with forest certification Survey of soil and groundwater
           CO2
Prevent Global Warming
Practice of sustainable forest management
Effective utilization of hard-to-recycle recovered paper
Promotion of use of biomass fuel Promotion of use of natural energy Modal shift initiatives
Recycle
Practice of sustainable forest management
Zero emissions initiatives
Recycling of paper resources Initiatives to reuse waste as resources Initiatives to increase recovered paper utilization rate
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/csr/organic/
                Please see our website for more details.