Environment
Environmental Preservation
Securing Blue Seas for Tomorrow, through 2050 and Further in the Future
The “K” LINE Group is aware and recognizes that addressing environmental concerns is an issue shared by all mankind. Therefore, the “K” LINE Group is taking proactive measures as an essential condition for its existence and for conducting a business enterprise, striving to reduce the environmental impact of its business activities, and seeking to contribute to the development of a sustainable society.
  Environmental Measures and History of the Shipping Industry
In the shipping industry, initiatives for safety and the environ- ment began to be addressed internationally around 100 years ago, the same time as “K” LINE’s founding. The International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) was enacted in response to safety concerns following the Titanic acci- dent which occurred in 1912. However, environmental con- cerns were dealt with mainly at the regional level until around 1950, and it was not until after the International Maritime Organization (IMO) was established in 1958 that the initia- tives for global environment began to be addressed. Larger ships were then being developed with the rising volume of marine transportation, and various types carriers were intro- duced as well. The 1970’s oil crises became driving forces for the energy saving movement. Maritime Environment Protection Committee (MEPC) under IMO was launched in 1973, after which the shipping sectors started to tackle
In 2015, amid increasing interest in the preservation of the global environment, we reviewed the importance of the environmental impact of “K” LINE’s businesses from both the perspectives of our stakeholders and the Company. We identified four issues, namely, “marine pollution and the ecosystem,” “energy resources,” “global warming,”
’s Goals
international environment in earnest. Subsequently, large- scale oil spill accidents by large tankers occurred in suc- cession, and IMO took measures, such as double hull. In the 1990s, United Nations treaties were enacted on issues concerning the lives of all the world’s people, including the Basel Convention that restricts the transboundary move- ment of hazardous waste and the Framework Convention on Climate Change for countering global warming. At IMO, discussions on environmental concerns have increased rapidly, and issues and measures have been raised, such as the impact of ballast water on the ecosystem that is still being dealt with, and reduction of SOx, NOx, and other contents from the emission gases of ships. In response to the establishment of the Paris Agreement in 2015, it was decided that international shipping would aim for zero GHG emissions by the second half of the 21st century.
and “air pollution.” With a view toward sustainable growth together with society, and toward passing on a blue and beautiful ocean to the next generation, we formulated the “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050, which sets forth our long-term goals for 2050. The year 2019 marks an interim milestones of this Vision.
  “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050: Securing Blue Seas for Tomorrow
Navigating for Sustainability Leading to a Brighter Future
  We will continue our voyage with a view towards achieving our goals for 2050 set in consideration of the future circumstances surrounding our business and various issues in the area of the global environment. To further confirm our navigation track toward these goals for 2050, we have also set a milestone to be reached by 2019, the year marking the 100th anniversary of our foundation.
Continue avoiding serious marine accidents and be the industry’s leader in protection of the ecosystem
  Replacing majority of energy currently consumed with new energy sources
Reducing CO2 emissions by half
   Continuing to avoid causing serious marine accidents
2019 (interim milestone)
Building and implementing environmental flagships
Suppress greenhouse gas emissions
Setting a new CO2 emission reduction target of 25% for 2030 against 2011 level
Reducing CO2 emissions by 10% from 2011 level
Accomplished in 2015
Zero emissions
  Introducing LNG-fueled carriers
We, “K” LINE, will continue to take various actions towards our Goals with a view to maintaining this blue and beautiful ocean through 2050 and for chil- dren further in the future and to make contributions that provide well-being and prosperous lives to peo- ple around the world.
     Diversify energy sources
Prevent marine pollution and protect the ecosystem
Towards changing risk to chance
Reduce air pollution to as close to zero as possible
“K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050 is available for download in a full set
 HOME > CSR > Environment > “K” LINE Environmental Vision https://www.kline.co.jp/en/csr/environment/vision.html
 32
“K” LINE REPORT 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Foundation of Value Creation
 Review of 2019 Interim Milestones (Mid-Term Targets)
   Item
Continuing to avoid causing serious marine accidents
Introducing LNG-fueled carriers
Building and implementing environmental flagships
Reducing CO2 emissions by 10% from 2011 level
Status
    Ongoing.
        Setting a new CO2 emission reduction target of 25% for 2030 against 2011 level (SBT*1 certification obtained)
Decided to conduct LNG bunkering business with Chubu Electric Power, Toyota Tsusho, and Nippon Yusen. Having ongoing discussions on development of LNG-fueled carriers.
Completed car carrier DRIVE GREEN HIGHWAY, received “Ship of the Year 2016” award. Ongoing collection of actual navigation data, including hybrid SOx Scrubber.
Achieved in FY2015. Set new targets (below) for 2030.
Ongoing. On track to achieving EEOI 10.81g-CO2/ton-mile in 2018.
  In 2019, we plan to formulate new interim milestones for 2030 based on the targets achieved as well as permanent targets.
An Outlook on Future Society (According to an Outsider’s Analysis) and Issues in the Environmental Sector
 When we formulated our Environmental Vision 2050, we conducted scenario analyses to forecast the environmen- tal outlook, including future climate change issues 90% of all CO2 emissions arising from our business activities are directly emitted from vessels under our operation. Therefore, we carried out the analyses based on CO2 emis- sion projections for international shipping by 2050 per an IMO GHG Study published by IMO. This study expects that the population will increase due to economic growth
Future Circumstances Surrounding Our Business
Growing global population
7.2 billion → 9.0 billion mainly in emerging economies
Economic growth and demand hikes chiefly
in emerging economies
The global economy will grow to nearly four times
its current size*2
As a result, demand will also increase for energy and many other resources.
Increase in marine transportation volume
More than double the current level*3
*1. SBT (Science Based Target): Target scientifically consistent with the level achieving “2°C goal” of the Paris Agreement
*2 OECD (2012): OECD Environmental Outlook to 2050 published in 2012 *3 Estimation of Global Insight Corporation with “K” LINE’s forecast
in emerging economies and increasing demand in marine transportation volume and that CO2 emissions from inter- national shipping will increase by 50% to 250% by 2050 from 2012 levels. With regard to physical risks from cli- mate change, we referenced IPCC scenarios and also took into account Japan’s 2030 energy policy, and hull life. As a result, we reaffirmed that demand for environmentally- friendly marine transportation services will increase and that reducing the environmental impact is a challenge.
Issues in the Environmental Sector
Mounting needs for environmental actions
New conditions for competition, including tougher regula- tions, will be introduced to suppress the impact, resulting from the growth in marine transportation volume and the massive con- sumption of energy resources, on the atmosphere and the ocean.
Energy diversification
Global warming, shortage of resources and other issues will swiftly lead to diversified energy sources.
Actualizing global warming
Without a considerable reduction of worldwide CO2 emissions, global warming will have a more serious adverse impact on the foundations of people’s lives.There is also concern about its impact on port and harbor facilities, as
it may damage them, and on the safety of operations.
  “K” LINE REPORT 2019
33