Social
Human Resource Development [Maritime Technical Personnel]
Securing and Training the World’s Leading Maritime Technical Personnel, Responsible for Safety in Navigation and Cargo Operations
The “K” LINE Group regards securing and training exceptional maritime technical personnel as one of its three policy pillars for continuously ensuring safety in navigation and cargo operations. Spearheaded by the “K” Line Maritime Academy (KLMA), a scheme to develop maritime technical personnel, we strive to pass down maritime know-how and foster technicians who can respond to new needs.
   Securing and Training Maritime Technical Personnel
It is a priority issue in international shipping to secure and train Japanese maritime technical personnel, who are expected to become leaders in charge of foreign seafar- ers both onboard and onshore. In order to train exceptional maritime technical personnel at the Company, in 2013 we established an in-house training course and started recruit- ing students from non-maritime universities, in addition to students from seafarer educational institutions.
In the training perspective, we enhance the careers of each personnel through both onboard and onshore work, including onshore training at the KLMA (Machida) Training Center and programs onboard. We have also introduced training not only to enhance the knowledge and technical skills of individuals but also to raise their teamwork skills, and are training a group of world-class maritime technical personnel.
At “K” LINE, safety supervisors make active ship visits to raise awareness about preventing work-related accidents and illnesses. In addition, they meet with personnel one- on-one to exchange views and provide advices in order to mitigate any concerns and/or dissatisfaction, as part of our mental healthcare efforts. Furthermore, newsletters from safety supervisors are issued every month containing pro- posals for improving human relations and communication in the ship, approaches to work, and accident prevention information. At the seminar for Japanese maritime techni- cal personnel onshore and on leave held twice a year, we hold mental health lectures and safety training not only for new but also for seasoned employees. We also plan to offer such lectures and training to foreign seafarers.
The ships managed by the “K” LINE Group are navigated not only by Japanese sea- farers but also by seafarers of a variety of nationalities, including the Philippines, Bulgaria, China, and India. As a principle, we secure and train the seafarers (see pie chart). Filipino seafarers make up half of this group, and therefore, KLMA (Philippines) forms the core of “securing and training seafarers” for the “K” LINE Group. We have expanded our training facilities by constructing a new building in the Philippines in March 2018, and completing repairs of the existing building in July 2018. At the HQ office, we are also currently providing on-the-job training to Filipino seafarers, which is same as the training provided to Japanese seafarers, to be able to support technical personnel from shore.
Proportion of ship employees of foreign nationality
Other Asian countries (Indonesia, Myanmar) 2%
China 8%
India and Bangladesh 14%
Europe (Croatia, Bulgaria, etc.) 29%
Occupational Health and Safety
  Voice Shutaro Uto Marine Safety Team, Marine Safety Administration Group
My wish to pursue a seafaring career dates back to when I was job hunting in university. After joining the Company, I studied for about two years at Marine Technical College in Kobe. When I held my certificate of competency for the first time, I was overcome with a sense of responsibility that I would be supporting global logistics as a “K” LINE Deck officer. I was then onboard for approximately three years, and since 2019 I have been with the Marine Safety Administration Group onshore. Drawing on the knowledge and experience I gained on ships, I intend to take advantage of my position as a junior employee to bring a breath of fresh air into “K” LINE’s culture of safety in navigation and cargo operations.
 “K” Line Maritime Academy Philippines
   Voice Stephen Ian Espinosa Seafarers Policy Team, Marine Human Resource Group
By gaining practical experience at the HQ office as part of my career development, I can get a deeper understanding of the Company’s operations from a wider perspective. In this way, I can acquire not only onboard skills but also fundamental knowledge related to onshore work.
“K” Line Scholar - MAAP* (2010 Graduate)
*Maritime Academy of Asia and the Pacific
38
“K” LINE REPORT 2019
Philippines 47%
* Includes crew and reserve members
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Human Resource Development [Onshore Employees]
Developing Human Resources to Drive Our Tireless Commitment to Innovation
In order to provide high-quality logistics services based on its customer-first policy, the “K” LINE Group strives to develop human resources, which is the driving force of this goal. Through job rotation and en- hanced training programs, we are fostering professionals who will underpin our core businesses of the next generation. We also seek to improve productivity through workstyle reforms and diversification. To this end, we strive to foster an organizational culture enabling our people to maximize their personal ca- pabilities and individual traits.
   Human Resource Development
“K” LINE offers a training program (figure on the right) comprised of two parts: annual stratified training and practical training.
Introduction of Assistant Manager System
In 2018, “K” LINE established the assistant manager system, with the aim that employees will gain management experi- ence early, not only to enhance their management skills but also to strengthen the organization’s operational capabilities and develop an efficient structure for business execution.
Trainer-Trainee System
“K” LINE has a trainer-trainee system to enable new employees to engage in actual work shortly after joining the Company. Trainers (employees in their seventh year or later) conduct follow-ups of trainees (new employees) with the aim of giving them a secure step up as business professionals.
Health Management
Based on the recognition that the health of employees is the source of their individual happiness and is essen- tial for achieving the principles of the Company, “K” LINE supports employee health by holding seminars on eat- ing habits and projects for improved physical wellbeing, among other activities. Simultaneously, “K” LINE carries out work-style reforms not only to adapt to laws and reg- ulations but also to promote reduction of overtime work and employees’ acquisition of paid leave.
Target Level
Managerial level
Mid-level
10th year 7th year 5th year 3rd year 2nd year
New employees
Stratified training
Business skills
Manager training
Assistant manager training
Logical presentation Problem solving
Logical thinking Basic course
Follow-up training
(6 months after joining the Company)
New employee training (approx. 3 weeks)
Practical training
Marine transport practical training
Finance training
Basic practical course on marine transportation
Domestic field training
Language training
                      Foundation of Value Creation
English training
BRM/BTM training* Onboard training
Specialized practical course on marine transportation
Trainer training
Intermediate Elementary Basic
   FY Scheduled avg. overtime hours*1 (hours)
2014 36.0
2015 29.7
2016 29.0
2017 28.8
2018 31.3
Avg. amount of paid leave taken*2 (days)
15.1 15.3 16.9 16.8 16.4
*BRM (Bridge Resource Management) / BTM (Bridge Team Management) train- ing: Onshore employees observe the training conducted by maritime techni- cal personnel using ship-handling simulators, and learn about the Company’s achievement of safety in navigation and cargo operations, teamwork, and so on.
Diverse Work Styles
Introduction of Telecommuting System
“K” LINE introduced the telecommuting system in FY2018. Reduction in commuting time has led to better work-life balance. Furthermore, employees are able to remain con- centrated on their work due to the decreased burden of commuting, which contributes to greater work efficiency.
Leave System for Spouse’s Work Relocation
This system enables employees of “K” LINE to take up to two years of leave if their spouse is assigned to a position overseas or elsewhere in Japan. Nine employees have used this system in the past five years.
*1. The Company has adopted a 7-hour workday system. Comparing the figures shown above against those under the system of 8-hour work- day (statutory working hours), our actual working hours can be further reduced by an average of 20.4 hours per month.
*2. A total number of annual paid leave and our special paid leave of 7 days.
Voice Mayumi Kawase Raw Material Team, Bulk Carrier Group
By taking advantage of the telecommuting system and working at home, I can better focus on my work than at the office and get work done, such as preparing materials and compiling data. It relieves the stress of commuting by train and frees up the time spent commuting to and back from the office. As a result, I have more time and mental energy to spend on my daily housework and with my family. Another great point is that this system can be combined with half-day leave.
   “K” LINE REPORT 2019
39