ESG ManagementContributing SDGs
 April 2019April 2020Male employees taking childcare leave 14
14
FY2019
 12 10 8 6 4 2
0 (Persons)
4 4 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
     0
 TOPICS
We have established the Human Resource Development Center dedicated to the training of engineers in order to keep handing down our technological capabilities for the next hundred years. Training provided by the Center ranges from the fundamental education required for engineers to training in specialized fields. Nurturing people to be well equipped with skills for the next-generation developments will lead to enhanced technological strengths for IBIDEN. The Center focuses not only on providing knowledge to trainees but also helping them develop the engineer mindset by providing practical education through skill practices. Furthermore, in addition to these human resource development efforts, the Center is tasked with the role of a transactive memory that incorporates the technology and expertise held by each department with the aim of achieving efficient R&D and creating new innovation. It plays an important part as a source to continue creating the IBI-TECHNO of the future.
Human Resource Development Center for Improving Technical SkillsComment from a Person in Charge of Promotion in
the Strategic Corporate Planning Operation
In the Strategic Corporate Planning
Operation, each department manager took
leadership and worked on theme activities
first as role models and later deployed
activities to members. We focus on
promoting activities in which all members
can take part and participants think together
using the same concepts and the same
method, and provide support and guidance
to each other. In addition, we hold monthly
activity reporting meetings where everyone
from the President of the Operation and his
subordinates attend to apply or use success stories of other departments and maintain motivation. In a 2019 employee awareness survey, we found that more employees said that their work productivity improved.
 Junior Manager, General
Affairs Division, Strategic Corporate Planning Operation Ms. Noriko Sugiyama
 With Respect for Both Individuals and the Global Environment Human Resource Development
Basic Approach
Employees are the driving force that enables us to run our business and provide the public with valued service. We aim to create vibrant workplaces in which each individual employee derives a sense of satisfaction and achievement from gaining a thorough understanding of the Company’s management policies and business strategies, and from having a role to play that enables each employee to contribute to both the Company and society.
For the development of human resources which is one of the pillars of our Medium-Term Management Plan, we have been implementing five measures of (1)Human resource training system; (2)Productivity improvement; (3)IT utilization; (4)Thorough working hour management; and (5) Creation of environment in which diverse employees can play active roles as part of the work style reform to achieve a good work-life balance.
Human Resource Training System
Human resources are the sources of IBIDEN’s 100 years of history and also what will build the next century of our development. The Company has established human resource training systems in an effort to develop the human resources necessary to accurately grasp changes in the business environment and create new products and technologies.
We implement standardized education across the Company (stratified training programs by age group and by job grade) and provide specialized education for selected personnel based on our basic education and training structure. The training programs by age group were completely revised from life plan-based training to career plan-based training in line with changes in our times such as the extension of the mandatory retirement age to 65, while in specialized education, we opened the Human Resource Development Center in 2017. We also focus on the development of personnel who can flourish globally by promoting not only foreign language but also cross-cultural communication training programs.
Creation of Environment in which Diverse Employees Can Play Active Roles
Our Group aims to realize a work environment and climate in which diverse human resources can exercise their individual abilities and can feel reasons for living and job satisfaction amidst a trend of advancing globalization and diversification of values.
    Productivity Improvement and IT Utilization
IBIDEN regards productivity improvement activities as opportunities for human resource development and has been focusing on having employees master how to do the work with a kaizen (continuous improvement) mind. Instead of pursuing the results of activities, we started from solving problems faced by employees in everyday routine work. We review their operations thoroughly including their objectives and purposes, improve work flow in ways that can generate satisfactory results naturally and efficiently, and proactively introduce IT including RPA to prevent a return to previous conditions. In addition, since these efforts have been carried out across the Company, improvements in cooperation with other departments have been made easily, and as a result, work quality in pursuit of overall optimization has also improved.
Robotic Process Automation: Automation of work processes by robots
Thorough Work Hour Management
In Japan, work style reforms have been promoted and, as a part of the reforms, rectifying the practice of long work hours has become one of the important issues to be addressed. Even though laws and regulations relating to work hours have been tightened, mental illness and occupational accidents caused by long work hours have become a serious problem, and companies are being asked to further efforts to rectify the practice.
IBIDEN and its Group companies in Japan set a goal of reducing the average annual work hours per employee to less than 2,000 hours.
Female Advancement
The Company launched an initiative called Act on Promotion for Women’s Empowerment in FY2017, and has been promoting activities to achieve the goal of having at least five female managers (in Manager or higher-level positions).
Thanks to these efforts, the number of female managers and candidates is steadily increasing.
Division manager level 0 1
Middle manager level 2 1
Junior manager level 11 14
Senior Employees Playing Active Roles
Due to an increase in senior employees and changes in the social environment in Japan, discussions between labor and management were held and through these discussions, we introduced an extension to the mandatory retirement age system from FY2020.
For the treatment of senior employees, we established a reward system based on the employees’ roles and achievements to keep them motivated and make full use of their expertise and worksite skills fostered over the years.
Skill Development for Persons with Disabilities
In April 2019, IBIDEN OASIS Co., Ltd. was certified as a special subsidiary company, and entered business. In addition to its basic operations of environmental maintenance in IBIDEN Group plants, the company received orders for data input, business card creation, and enclosing documents and advertising fliers in envelopes in an effort to develop new skills.
Respect for Human Rights
The IBIDEN Group clarifies in the IBIDEN Standards for Employee Behavior our respect for the basic rights of workers as internationally declared and that we will not aid in the infringement of human rights including the use of any form of forced or involuntary labor or child labor.
We provide training on fair employment and human rights to those in charge of labor affairs management as well as staff members and managers in charge of hiring while striving to keep all employees well-informed on workers’ rights through
Visit our website for details of our human resource management. https://www.ibiden.com/company/talent-management/
Acquisition of Childcare Leave by Male Employees
Due to the efforts we made to enhance and promote the work- life balance support system, more male employees are proactively participating in child rearing and becoming aware of the importance of the balance between work and personal life. As a result, the number of male employees taking childcare leave significantly increased in FY2019.
Retention of Junior Employees
We established a mentor system in which senior members in the workplace support new employees so that they will not feel isolated in their assigned workplaces.
New employees appoint their own mentors after a preparatory period, and the mentors support their mentees for one year, for example, providing advice and assistance with work and their specialized fields and helping the mentees cooperate with other departments.
Development of Non-Japanese Employees
We decided to accept a total of 200 employees from IBIDEN Philippines, Inc., an IBIDEN overseas Group company, as technical interns.
Learning state-of-the-art technologies in Japan and bringing the know-how to the Philippines will enable the interns to upgrade technical levels of their company.
Introduction Value Creation ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
   Based on this goal, presidents of Operations established their policies on work hours and heads of departments set their targets, and are tracking progress toward those targets. Measures to encourage employees to take annual paid holidays and reduce overtime are also being taken.
As a result of these measures, labor management has become more complicated. To make managers better able to handle the complex labor management processes, we provide them with necessary training and make sure that all of them understand the processes.
our Standards for Employee Behavior.
In Japan, we provide managers and employees with human
rights-related training programs in efforts to prevent any form of abuse of power. Our manager training programs teach participants things they should know and practice as managers, including daily communication skills, responses when being consulted by staff members and the handling of information.
   Visit our website for details of the Human Resource Development Center. https://www.ibiden.com/tech/origin/
33 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020 34

We conduct the health and safety activity done with all concerned people under IBIDEN WAY, and aim to harmonize “health and safety” and “operation” with the fundamental rule to minimize the risk that may affect the life and health of person participating to IBIDEN’s operations.
Strengthening Activity for Zero Occupational Accidents
We are working on occupational health and safety activities so that all employees of the entire IBIDEN Group can establish safe and comfortable workplaces and work vigorously with an awareness of “safety first” by putting in place pillars of activities: “zero recurrence of occupational accidents” and “accident/incident prevention”.
The occupational accident frequency rate of the Company and group companies in Japan stands at 0.82, which is lower than the national average of manufacturing companies. However, because the number of work-related accidents in the Company increased, we are striving to strengthen management with the aim of preventing recurrence of similar accidents by analyzing what caused them and putting in place fundamental measures for prevention.
Promoting Health and Productivity Management 1
The Group believes that the physical and mental health of each and every employee constitutes the basis for supporting the Group’s competitiveness, and actively helps employees maintain good health.
As a promoting structure, we have organized the “IBIDEN Group Health Subcommittee,” mainly with representatives from the Health Management Promotion Center (industrial physicians, public health Nurses), Human Resources, Environment & Safety, IBIDEN Health Insurance Society, and IBIDEN Labor Union.

As measures to support employees’ mental health, the employees, workplaces, the Health Management Promotion Center, and Human Resources respectively play their roles, and use external resources for the prevention and treatment of mental health issues.
Acquired Recognition for “the Certified Health & Productivity
Management Outstanding Organization – White 500”
We were again certified as the Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization for 2020. In the program, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi recognize outstanding enterprises engaging in efforts for health and productivity management.
Our activities to encourage employees to get into the habit of exercising by joining walking events, etc. and the excellent support system of our Health Management Promotion Center were highly evaluated.

We will strive to develop IBIDEN into a company trusted by the international community by harnessing our corporate strengths to engage in activities, including the creation of a better living environment and fostering of local human resources and carrying out activities as a global corporate citizen suitable for the culture and climate of each country and region such as participating in and supporting activities conducted by organizations engaged in such initiatives.

Protection of the Global Environment through
“IBIDEN’s Forest” Activity
In FY2008, we embarked on a forest building initiative as part of our global environmental protection activities. This activity takes place chiefly in Higashi-Yokoyama, the place where IBIDEN was founded, and where the Company operates its initial hydroelectric power generation business.
Business activities of our Group are receiving the blessings of nature such as the stable supply of water resources while having an impact on biodiversity at the same time. In consideration of this, we will continue our efforts for the conservation of biodiversity through activities to conserve the forests.
In these activities, we also work together with organizations outside of the Company including local municipal governments, and we participate in the Japan Business and Biodiversity Partnership promoted by Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) and other organizations for information sharing.

Community Support through a Scholarship
Program in the Philippines
IBIDEN Philippines, Inc. has been providing a scholarship program in cooperation with the country’s high schools for high school students from poor families as part of its educational support activities throughout the year by collecting voluntary donations from our employees since FY2009.
142 employees’ donations helped 222 students in FY2019.