 Introduction
Introduction
Value Creation
ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
Main Operations and Core Technology
 CeramicsThrough the supply of diesel particulate filters (DPF), substrate holding mats (AFP), SCR Catalysts (SCR) that purify exhaust gas from vehicles, we will contribute to the global improvement of air quality.
Refer to page 29-30 for growth strategies of the Ceramics Operation.
Contributing SDGs FY2019 ratio of net sales
29.9%     SiC-DPF Substrate Holding Mat
Core Technologies in Ceramics SiC-DPF
Substrate Holding Mat (MAT)
By collecting over 99% of black smoke emitted from diesel engines, SiC-DPF greatly contributes to cleaning exhaust gas. Having the advantages of SiC (silicon carbide), which have high thermal conductivity, high strength, and high heat resistance, the product is designed to withstand high thermal stresses via a segmented assembly method, making it easy to adapt to a variety of shapes.
FLECS series are high-quality products widely used in automobiles helping to improve environment, utilizing ceramic fibers (alumina fiber) due to their high retaining, sealing and insulating properties for catalytic substrate (used for catalyst, DPF, etc).
FLECS: FLExible Ceramic Sheet
High Temperature Insulation Material
Offering excellent heat resistance and insulating performance, this is widely used in various industries such as sintering equipment, fuel cells, non-ferrous metals, and aircraft. Besides, this is a green procurement product, which is exempt from carcinogenicity classifications and regulations related to man-made amorphous fiber.
  SCR Catalyst
Our SCR catalysts are used as a key component of systems to effectively and efficiently reduce the NOx content of exhaust gas, helping to improve the global environment. That are used in many industrial applications like coal fired power plant and diesel automotive application due to the tighten NOx regulations.
Graphite Specialty (FGM)
Specialty graphite (graphite) has fine ingredient characteristics, combining characteristics of both metals and ceramics including high strength, high purity, and high durability. It meets the various needs of industrial fields from general purpose materials to high-grade materials, including high-grade materials for semiconductor manufacturing machinery, electrode materials for electrical discharge machining, and materials for machinery manufacturing solar panels.
    Automobile
Many products are being used, including SiC-DPF (diesel particulate filter), which removes the black smoke emitted by diesel engines, catalysts for cleaning exhaust gases installed in exhaust pipes, and felt-like ceramic fibers (alumina fibers) that prevent leakage of exhaust gas by stabilizing catalysts. We will continue developing high-performance products for the next generation, contributing to reducing the environmental burden of automobiles.
  