      Kawasaki Report 2019
      
             Kawasaki Group Mission Statement
Kawasaki formulated the Kawasaki Group Mission Statement as a compass directing the activities of the Kawasaki Group. The statement incorporates the Group’s social mission and, to increase the Kawasaki brand value, shared values, the underlying principles of management activities, and guidelines for the daily conduct of each and every member of the organization.
Group Mission
Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet
• We are the Kawasaki Group, a global technology leader with diverse integrated strengths.
• We create new value—for a better environment and a brighter future for generations to come.
Kawasaki Value
 We respond to our customers’ requirements
 We constantly achieve new heights in technology
 We pursue originality and innovation
The Kawasaki Group Management Principles
1 Trust As an integrated technology leader, the Kawasaki Group is commit- ted to providing high-performance products and services of superior safe- ty and quality. By doing so, we will win the trust of our customers and
the community.
2 Harmonious coexistence The importance of corporate social responsibili- ty (CSR) permeates all aspects of our business. This stance reflects the Kawasaki Group’s corporate ideal of harmonious coexistence with the environment, society as a whole, local communities and individuals.
3 People The Kawasaki Group’s corporate culture is built on integrity, vital- ity, organizational strength and mutual respect for people through all lev- els of the Group. We nurture a global team for a global era.
4 Strategy Enhance corporate value based on the guiding principles of “selective focusing of resources,” “emphasis on quality over quantity,” and “risk management.”
The Kawasaki Group Action Guidelines
1. Always look at the bigger picture. Think and act from a long-term, global perspective.
2. Meet difficult challenges head-on. Aim high and never be afraid to try something new.
3. Be driven by your aspirations and goals. Work toward success by always dedicating yourself to your tasks.
4. Earn the trust of the community through high ethical standards and the example you set for others.
5. Keep striving for self-improvement. Act on your own initiative as a confi- dent professional.
6. Be a part of Team Kawasaki. Share your pride and sense of fulfillment in a job well done.
Contents
Introduction
2 Value Creation through Technological Innovation
4 Our Approach to Sustainable Value Creation
6 Social Value Created through Our Businesses
8 Performance Highlights
Management Strategy
10 Message from the President 18 Quality Management
20 Financial Strategy
22 Technological Development 24 Kawasaki Hydrogen Road
Business Strategy
26 Aerospace Systems
28 Energy System & Plant Engineering
30 Ship & Offshore Structure
32 Rolling Stock
34 Motorcycle & Engine
36 Precision Machinery & Robot
Foundation Supporting Our Business Activities
39 Message from the Chairman of the Board
40 Messages from the Outside Directors 42 Corporate Governance
46 Corporate Officers
50 Compliance/Risk Management
52 CSR Management and Human Rights
54 Realizing a Low-carbon Society
56 Human Resource Strategies and Transforming the Company Organization and Culture/ K-Win Activities
58 Eleven-year Summary
60 Management Discussion & Analysis 102 Corporate Profile/Stock Information 103 Major Subsidiaries and Associates
Editorial Policy
Since fiscal 2013, the Kawasaki Group has published the Kawasaki Report as an inte- grated report.
The report serves as a tool for communication with stakeholders and includes infor- mation about the Group’s efforts to create value for society and boost enterprise value, management policies, business environment and strategy, and environmental, social and governance (ESG)-related content.
For more information on many of the topics touched upon in this report, please visit our website.
IR information: https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/ir/
CSR information: https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/
Environmental information: https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/ environment/index.html
Period
This report covers fiscal 2018 (April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019), but some fiscal 2019 content is also included. Please note that in Kawasaki Report 2019, the Company has adopted the fiscal year notation that designates the stated fiscal by the calendar year in which it begins. The year under review in this report is thus fiscal 2018, the year from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. The notation used in previous publications may differ.
Scope
The report covers Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd., its 94 consolidated subsidiaries (40 in Japan and 54 overseas) and 17 equity-method associates. Some data, however, refer to the parent company alone.
Guidelines
In preparing the report, the editorial office referred to the Sustainability Reporting Standards issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the International Integrated Reporting Framework issued by the International Integrated Reporting
Council (IIRC), the Environmental Reporting Guidelines (2012 Edition)
issued by the Ministry of the Environment, and the Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogue for Collaborative Value Creation issued by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
Frequency of Publication
Annually, in principle
Previous edition—November 2018 Next edition—September 2020
Contact Us
Please make inquiries through the inquiry form on our website https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/profile/contact/
                                 The Kawasaki Group’s Information Disclosure
Information on how the Kawasaki Group creates value and achieves sustainable growth
Kawasaki Report
Publication of detailed information and the latest information
   Investors
Securities Report (Japanese only)
Financial information
Information for various stakeholders
Corporate Website https://global.kawasaki.com/en/
Corporate info Products R&D Sustainability Environment
      Corporate Governance Report (Japanese only)
Kawasaki Technical Review
Kawasaki Environmental Report
ESG Data Book (social and governance issues)
Non-financial information
          Kawasaki Report 2019
1

     Value Creation through Technological Innovation –The Kawasaki Group’s 120-Year History and Its Future– Group founder Shozo Kawasaki established Kawasaki Tsukiji Shipyard in 1878 based on his philosophy of “contributing to the
nation—to society—through expertise,”and later established Kawasaki Dockyard, an incorporated company, in 1896. Over the more than 120 years since, Kawasaki has leveraged innovative technologies to create numerous products that were the first of their kind in Japan. Building on this foundation, we are working today to develop new products and businesses with the aim of solving social issues and increasing enterprise value.
In developing new products and businesses, we are bringing together technologies from across the Group, looking to utilize tech- nological synergies. In addition to further strengthening existing technologies, we are strategically and effectively utilizing outside technology to accelerate the development of new technologies that will help create new value for a rapidly changing society.
* For more information about technological development, please refer to page 22.
Appearance of
New Values/Markets
• Rapidly changing social needs
Future robotics
          • Destructive innovation
Smart technologies Responding to
Future energy systems
Services (MaaS)
Connected transportation systems
labor shortages
Electrification
Addressing Future Social Issues
Diversification
        Expansion of technologies
        Founded in 1878 Established in 1896
Shipbuilding
Cargo-passenger ship Iyomaru
Kawasaki Dockyard’s first vessel after becoming a publicly traded company
The 10th Toyotamaru, the first Japan-built pure car carrier
Business express train Kodama
First Japan-built LNG carrier
Series 0 Shinkansen electric train
Ship & Offshore Structure Company
Rolling Stock Company
Aerospace Systems Company
Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
Future transportation systems
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Hydrogen gas turbines
Next-generation high speed trains
Future mobility
Transportation
               1906
Rolling Stock
1918
Aircraft
Built on know-how related to welding and internal com- bustion engines to realize domestic production of steam locomotives
Remote track monitoring service
Create New Value
Liquid hydrogen carriers
   Dramatic Innovation
Aerospace Systems
       Introduced technology from abroad along with structural technology used in shipbuilding to launch air-
craft production
•
• •
Aim for low-carbon, then decarbonization
Aim for automation, then autonomy
Digital innovations
Future helicopters
  1942
 Jet Engines
Japan’s first jet engine
First helicopter developed in Japan
P-1 Maritime Patrol Aircraft
 BK117 helicopter
       1880
Boilers (marine-use)
Began production of marine-use boilers
Land-use applications
Built on energy-related heat- transfer and combustion technol- ogies to diversify into environmental plant engineering
1937 
Boilers (land-use)
2030
Next-Generation Mainstay Products
High pressure hydrogen gas valves
urbines
e generator
Next-generation jet engines
Continuous growth
Standard rolling stock
Next-generation flagship model
Next-generation commercial aircraft
                1907  Steel 1932  Cement Plants
1960
Environmental Plants, Chemical Plants, LNG Tanks, and Shield Machines
1955
Motorcycles (finished)
Launched initiatives after WWII, when production of air- craft was prohibited
1968
Robots
Began domestic production of the first Japan-made industrial robot Kawasaki-Unimate 2000 with technology introduced from Unimation Inc., a U.S. company
Small and mid-sized jet engines ©Pratt & Whitney
CO2 separation systems
 Structures
Embarked on produc- tion of steel bridges, utilizing construction and welding technology
1916
Hydraulic machinery
Began producing Hele- Shaw electro-hydraulic steering gears with technology acquired from England
Built on steel structure and engi- neering technology to diversify range of industrial equipment, add- ing chemical plants, LNG tanks, shield machines, and other products derived from cement equipment
1949
Motorcycles (engines)
KE-1 engine
Cement plant for customer in Algeria
Began producing finished motorcycles Meihatsu 125-500
Tunnel boring machines used to excavate the Channel Tunnel, linking France and the
2020
More Competitive Products
Construction/agricultural machinery automation support systems
 United Kingdom
Z1
AUVs
Skills transmission/ teaching robots
Robotically assisted surgical devices
Autonomous industrial and service robots
          Motorcycle & Engine Company
Precision Machinery & Robot Company
Precision Machinery & Robot
           2
Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 3
1907 1956  Land-use Steam
1969 
Industrial Gas T
Marine Steam Turbines
Began production of steam turbines for use as main engines of ships
Turbines
Marine-use turbine technology directed toward land-use applications to meet rapid increase in demand for power in the industrial sector
Kawasaki GPS200
The first Japan-made gas turbin
Dual-arm SCARA Robot duAro

Our Approach to Sustainable Value Creation
“Kawasaki, working as one for the good of
the planet”
The Kawasaki Group consistently creates new value by drawing on diverse, sophisticated technological capabilities to contribute to solutions to social issues around the world.
   Kawasaki Group Management Resources
Business Activities and Strategy
Key Outputs
  Financial capital
Invested capital ... ¥915.8 billion
Manufactured capital
Global production structure
Capital investment.... ¥66.9 billion
Key production sites
19 in Japan
21 overseas Intellectual capital
•120 years of experience and • know-how
Advanced technological capabil- ities across extensive domains
R&D expenses.......... ¥48.7 billion Human capital
A technology-based Group pursuing quality
Number of employees.... 35,691 Social and relationship capital
•Kawasaki brand •Relationships of trust built with
business partners over many years
Natural capital (non-consolidated)
Energy consumption
(heat conversion)............ 6,291 TJ
Procured amount
of raw materials
(steel) ............................... 110 K tons
(Fiscal 2018 figures)
          External Environment and Risks
  Kawasaki Value
• We respond to our customers’ requirements • We constantly achieve new heights in
• technology
We pursue originality and innovation
Business Portfolio
Rolling Stock
Ship & Offshore Structure
Aerospace Systems
• Wide-ranging technological strengths
• Inter-business synergies
Motorcycle & Engine
Energy System & Plant Engineering
      Value Creation Drivers
Precision Machinery & Robot
 The Medium-Term Business Plan 2019
For more details, please refer to “Message from the President” (pages 10–17).
 Kawasaki-ROIC Management
For more details, please refer to “Financial Strategy” (pages 20–21).
 The Foundation Supporting Our Business Activities (ESG Initiatives)
For more details, please refer to pages 39–57.
 Global Social Issues
• Greater movement of people and goods in step with globalization
• Heightened environ- mental risk
• Emerging countries: Insufficient social infrastructure
• Developed countries: Graying of society, shrinking working population
   Providing pioneering innovative products and services
For more details, please refer to “Technological Development” and “Kawasaki Hydrogen Road” (pages 22–25).
 Key Products
For more details, please refer to the business strategies of the internal companies (pages 26–38).
 Before-tax ROIC*..........................................................................................4.5% ROE ...................................................................................................................5.8%
(Fiscal 2018 figures) CO2 emissionsfrombusinessactivities(non-consolidated)................301Ktons
Reduction of CO2 emissions through
product-based contributions(non-consolidated)......................29,126K tons
(Fiscal 2018 figures)
* ROIC (Return on Invested Capital): A management indicator that shows how much profit is generated with the capital invested in a business
Value created and distribution of value to stakeholders (Billions of yen)
 Value delivered (net sales) ¥1,594.7
Value created ¥31.7
Creditors ¥3.4 Interest expense
Business partners ¥1,303.4
Business costs (excluding costs for employees, society, and government)
Employees ¥242.2
Salaries, bonuses, etc.
Society ¥0.5
Social contribution expenses
Government ¥16.7
Income taxes–current
Amount after payments to business partners, employees, society, and government
(Fiscal 2018 figures)
  Shareholders ¥11.6 Dividends paid
 Internal, etc. ¥16.5
Increase in retained earnings during period
    4
Kawasaki Report 2019
Changes in Industrial Structures
•Technological innovation •The evolution of AI and IoT
• Climate Change
•Global warming
Major natural disasters
• Currency Fluctuations
Can impact revenue, due to the Group’s large proportion of overseas sales
• Economic Trends
Can impact the Group via capital expenditure
  Created Social Value
 Provide safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of people and goods by land, sea, and air
Create clean energy
Improve social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries
Respond to the needs of
an aging society and shortage of labor through automation
   Kawasaki Report 2019
5
  
 Social Value Created through Our Businesses
In fiscal 2017, in the process of identifying material issues* the Kawasaki Group designated four ways of creating social value through its businesses as its greatest priorities over the long term. These are providing safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of people and goods by land, sea, and air; creating clean energy; improving social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries; and responding to the needs of an aging society and
Contribute to a significant decrease in emissions of nitrogen oxide (NOx) and sulfur oxide (SOx) from ships by promoting the increased use of LNG-fueled ships. Develop and build large hydrogen-fueled liquefied hydrogen carriers to help realize a CO2-emission free society.
Help to build better global transportation infrastructure by manufacturing rolling stock that is safe and comfortable to ride in, highly reliable, highly cost efficient over its lifecycle and energy saving to minimize the burden on the environment.
Provide air transportation systems combining excellent environ- mental performance with high safety and reliability.
Develop, manufacture, and deliver environmentally friendly motorcycles as well as models with “fun-to-ride” appeal and advanced rider-support features.
Provide equipment, such as hydrogen loading and unloading facilities, liquefaction systems, carriers, and hydrogen-fuel gas turbines and contribute to the development of a hydrogen-pow- ered society as a supplier of liquefied hydrogen transportation infrastructure systems and packages.
A distinctive equipment, system, and plant manufacturer that uses technologies and quality underpinned by sophisticated product development expertise, manufacturing technology, and engineering know-how to globally provide products and servic- es that help protect the environment and earn high customer satisfaction, mainly in are areas of energy and the environment.
Make Kawasaki hydraulic machinery and systems the global standard and achieve stable production and supply. Support the development of next-generation construction machinery that is human- and environment-friendly to contribute to the improve- ment of infrastructure, mainly in emerging countries. Promote the development and sale of energy-saving products, hydrogen- oriented products, and renewable energy-oriented products to contribute to the reduction of environmental burden. Combine new technologies, such as ICT, IoT, and AI, with Kawasaki’s robot technology and hydraulic control technology to create new value.
Improve access to high-quality medical care through the devel- opment of medical robots in developed countries facing demo- graphic graying and use robot technology to support medical supplies production, nursing and medical care, and the develop- ment of therapies and treatments that reduce the physical bur- den on patients while developing and manufacturing robots that collaborate with humans in work operations and making them intelligent enough to help address labor shortages, mainly in developed countries.
shortage of labor through automation. At the same time, management identified Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that the Group should contribute to and set non-financial targets to reach by 2030. Kawasaki will regularly disclose its progress toward these targets while working to maximize social value, achieve sustainable growth,
and contribute to the realization of the SDGs.
• LNG-fueled ships/large hydrogen-fueled liquefied hydrogen carriers built annually: 1
• Orders received for LNG fuel gas supply systems annually: Multiple
• Rolling stock units delivered: 1,000
• Improve efficiency and reduce need for specialized skills in mainte-
nance, maintain and improve safe, reliable transport, and contribute to the enhancement of services and added value provided by railway operators
• Provide environmentally friendly aircraft, helicopters, and engines to the market and expand the scope of participation in the development of these products
• Provide motorcycles with advanced rider-support features, such as Cooperative Intelligent Transport Systems (C-ITS), as well as motorcy- cles powered by clean energy, including electric motorcycles and hybrid motorcycles
• CO2 reduction through use of hydrogen energy: 3 million tons • Hydrogen transport volume: 225,000 tons per year
• Expand share of distributed power generation market with the indus- try’s most efficient, environmentally friendly devices
• Constantly provide highly efficient, energy-saving power generation facilities and devices, infrastructure-related facilities, and environ- ment-related facilities
• Hydraulic machinery production and delivery volume: 1.4 million units
• Robots delivered: 100,000
* For more information about material issues, please refer to page 53.
 Created Social Value
Relevant SDGs
Division
Vision for 2030
2030 Target/KPI
Initiatives
Shared
Individual
      Providing safe and secure, clean, comfortable move- ment of people and goods by land, sea, and air
    Creating clean energy
Ship & Offshore Structure Company
Rolling Stock Company
Aerospace Systems Company
Motorcycle & Engine Company
©Rolls-Royce plc
Photo provided by Boeing Company
P.31
P.33
P.27
P.35
P.25
P.29
P.38
P.38
          Corporate Technology Division
      Improving social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries
        Responding to the needs of an aging society and shortage of labor through automation
6 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 7
Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
Precision Machinery Business Division
 Robot Business Division

 Performance Highlights
Net sales
Operating income
(Billions of yen) 95.9 87.2
1,541.0
2014 2015
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flows
(Billions of yen)
127.6
60.2
(67.3)
2014
CO2 emissions from business activities (non-consolidated)
ESG-Related External Evaluations
(kt-CO2)
   1,518.8
45.9
2016
1,574.2 1,594.7
318
2014
325 321
2015 2016
328 301
2017 2018
The Dow Jones Sustainability Index is a leading Sustainability Investing (SI) index which assesses and selects leading sustainability-driven companies in terms of economic, environ- mental, and social criteria.
Created by the global index pro- vider FTSE Russell (the trading name of FTSE International Limited and Frank Russell Company), the FTSE4Good Index Series is designed to measure the performance of companies dem- onstrating strong environmental, social and governance (ESG) prac- tices. The FTSE-4Good indices are used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
The FTSE Blossom Japan Index is designed to measure the perfor- mance of Japanese companies that demonstrate strong environmental, social and governance (ESG) prac- tices. The index is constructed so that industry weights align with the Japanese equity market and uses the globally established FTSE4Good Index Inclusion Rules, which are drawn from existing international standards, including the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes include companies with high ESG ratings relative to their sector peers.
The S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index uses as its parent index the Tokyo Stock Price Index (TOPIX), a leading stock index used to represent the movement of the Japanese market, and weights companies based on their envi- ronmental information disclosure and carbon efficiency (carbon emissions per unit of net sales).
        1,486.1
64.0
93.5
28.6
(64.8)
2016
78.9%
109.7
  55.9
2017
86.0
11.8
(74.1)
2015
56.0
  2018
(FY)
(80.5)
2017
(FY)
(24.5)
24.4
(85.3)
2018 (FY)
   (%)
Shareholders’ equity
(Billions of yen)
83.9% 82.5%
431.9 431.3
362.7 356.2
2014 2015
(%)
476.3
Before-tax ROIC (Return on invested capital)
Net interest-bearing debt
Net debt equity ratio
Reduction of CO2 emissions through product-based contributions (non-consolidated)*1
10.4%
80.6%
76.6%
22,924*2
(kt-CO2)
29,126
2018 (FY)
  9.4%
466.0
898
    5.0%
4.5%
2018 (FY)
437.2
345.3
2016
376.0
2017
365.1
2018 (FY)
745
     3.9%
2017
513
       2014 2015 2016
2014 2015
2016 2017
Before-tax ROIC = EBIT (Income before income taxes + interest expense) / Invested capital (Interest-bearing debt + Shareholders’ equity)
Capital expenditures
Research and development expenses
Net debt equity ratio = Net interest-bearing debt (Interest-bearing debt – Cash on hand and in banks) / Shareholders’ equity
*1 Estimates based on actual delivery record
*2 The calculation rule has been revised for fiscal 2017. For details, please see
(Billions of yen)
80.0
41. 6
2014
(Yen)
Net income per share*
Dividends per share*
ROE (Return on equity)
page 54.
Number of employees
Overseas Group companies (People)
(%)
Japan
35,127 35,805
  76.3
82.7
82.1
45.4
2017
12.9%
308.9
100
2014
10.6%
275.6
120
2015
35,471
34,605
8,708
25,897
2015
35,691
66.9
48.7
2018 (FY)
6.0%
156.8
60
2016
6.4%
173.0
2017
5.8% 9,452
8,779
26,348
2016
9,058
26,747
2017
9,520
26,171
2018 (FY)
THE INCLUSION OF Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
            43.6 43.6
2015 2016
164.3
70
26,019
60
   Return on equity = Profit attributable to owners of the parent / Shareholders’ equity
* Effective October 1, 2017, a 1-for-10 share consolidation was
implemented for ordinary shares. Figures above are calculated assuming the share consolidation was conducted on April 1, 2014
2018 (FY) 2014
  Share of net sales by segment*
Other ¥95.1 billion
Motorcycle & Engine ¥356.8 billion
Rolling Stock ¥124.6 billion
Ship & Offshore Structure ¥78.9 billion
Aerospace Systems ¥463.9 billion
Energy System & Plant Engineering ¥253.0 billion
Precision Machinery & Robot ¥222.0 billion
Share of net sales by region
Asia, Oceania, etc. 17% ¥261.0 billion
The Americas 29% ¥455.5 billion
Japan 42% ¥673.9 billion
Europe 12% ¥187.7 billion
Distribution of employees/companies by region
Asia, Oceania, etc. 14% 5,131 employees/
30 companies
The Americas 10% 3,639 employees/ 14 companies
Europe 2%
750 employees/ 10 companies
         8
Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 9
* In April 2018, the former Aerospace Company and the jet engine business of the former Gas Turbine & Machinery Company were integrated into the newly estab- lished Aerospace Systems Company and the former Plant & Infrastructure Company and the energy and marine-related businesses of the former Gas Turbine & Machinery Company were integrated into the newly established Energy System & Plant Engineering Company. In addition, the former Precision Machinery Company was renamed the Precision Machinery & Robot Company.
Japan 73%
26,171 employees/ 41 companies
Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations (White 500) certification by Nippon Kenko Kaigi
Eruboshi (2nd level) certification by Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare
Kurumin (2 stars) certification by Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare

    Message from the President
By resolving social issues through wide-ranging business, we will increase Kawasaki’s enterprise value.
Beginning the New Medium-Term Business Plan
Over the past three years, the Kawasaki Group has advanced initiatives aimed at achieving the goals for fiscal 2018 laid out in our medium-term business plan, MTBP 2016. We steadily invested in areas with strong future potential, such as aerospace systems and preci- sion machinery and robots, aiming for medium- and long-term growth. Unfortunately, however, quantita- tive results fell considerably short of our initial goals (Figure 1). This was due in large part to losses record- ed each year from major projects, but these losses alone cannot fully explain what happened.
We embarked upon the medium-term plan having mapped out paths to our goals in each business, but our reading of trends in the business environment was inadequate. As a result, we made dispersed invest- ments, some in low-growth, low-return, high-risk fields, weakening the Company’s earnings power and worsening its cash flows.
Given this, we fundamentally revised the formula- tion process for the new medium-term business plan,
Figure 1: MTBP 2016 Quantitative Goals and Results
MTBP 2019. Previously, each internal company would draft is own business plan, and then, based on these, we would all meet to work out the Company-wide plan. This time, however, the head office divisions and internal companies began by thoroughly discussing the assumptions about mega-trends and individual busi- ness strategies that underlie business planning. Furthermore, to ensure that we meet the targets of MTBP 2019, we will carefully monitor the likelihood of achievement of each internal company’s plans and business environment risks on an ongoing basis.
The business environment is changing greatly, and we cannot expect to survive by standing still. Aware that the period of the new medium-term management plan will decide the future of Kawasaki, we will imple- ment decisive measures to build a foundation for the achievement of our vision for fiscal 2030, including efforts to reform business models, organizational structures and internal culture.
    Before-tax ROIC
Goal for FY2018
11.0%
Result in FY2018
4.5%
  Operating income (Billions of yen)
100.0
64.0
  Cash flows from operating activities (Billions of yen)
Net D/E Ratio
140.0
109.7
   70%–80%
76.6%
   10 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 11
Yoshinori Kanehana
Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer

   Figure 2: Results of Key Measures under MTBP 2016 (Actions to Promote ROIC Management)
• Profitability significantly decreased in several businesses; strengthening the financial base is an urgent requirement
In light of the lessons learned from MTBP 2016, we have designated four basic policies for MTBP 2019:
1. Strengthen the financial base, 2. Total optimization of the business portfolio, 3. Business model innovation, and 4. Innovate company organization/culture.
• Returns from ongoing investment of resources in growth fields are approaching Results
The MTBP 2019 within Our Long-Term Vision
In light of such factors as mega-trends in the business environment and the Sustainable Development Goals, we have designated an operating income margin of 10% or more (with annual net sales growth of 5% or more) as our vision for Kawasaki in fiscal 2030 (Figure 3). To achieve this vision, over the three years of MTBP 2019, we will make selective investment, aiming for further growth, with strengthening our financial
Figure 3: Long-Term Vision and the MTBP 2019
base a top priority. While we regard the final year of plan, fiscal 2021, as only a milestone on the way to fiscal 2030, we have set the targets for fiscal 2021 of before-tax ROIC of 10% or more, operating income margin of 6% or more and free cash flows (FCF) of ¥120 billion or more (over three years). I would next like to describe the initiatives we will advance to achieve these targets.
   MTBP 2016
Profitability declined and quanti- tative goals were not achieved
However, development of medi- um- to long-term growth driver businesses progressed as planned
Expecting to begin reaping returns from fiscal 2021
MTBP 2019
Goals for FY2021 (milestone)
Before-tax ROIC: 10% or more
Operating income margin: 6% or more
FCF: ¥120 billion or more over 3 years
Strengthen financial base
Selective investments toward further growth
Sales growth rate after FY2019: 5% or more per year
FY2030
   Operating income margin:
10% or more
   FY2016–2018
FY2019–2021
FY2030
    Reviewing MTBP 2016
Figure 2, below, provides an overview of the key mea- sures (actions 1–5) of MTBP 2016.
As shown under Action 1, investment in fields expect- ed to drive growth over the medium and long terms, such as aerospace systems and robots, progressed as planned, and we expect to see returns in the form of revenue from fiscal 2021 onward.
However, as indicated under Action 2, we recorded losses on large projects in ships, rolling stock and other businesses and allowed profitability to decrease in other businesses. As a result, we did not meet our quantitative targets.
As for Action 3, we made progress on realizing syner- gy effects in certain fields, but maximizing these effects at the Company-wide level remains a challenge.
Furthermore, as shown under actions 4 and 5, our business selection and concentration criteria were insuf- ficiently clear, and business replacement stalled. This was a significant reason that profitability did not increase as planned. We still have a ways to go in developing cross- organizational functions and systems needed for overall optimization, and we have incorporated this as a task to address in the new medium-term business plan.
Under the new plan, we will strive to more funda- mentally improve and strengthen our earnings power.
   Basic Policies of MTBP 2019
  Figure 4: Basic MTBP 2019 Policies
1
Strengthen the financial base
Return to the philosophy of emphasizing quality over quantity to improve operational quality (including project risk manage- ment), and strengthen the financial base toward future growth
2
Total optimization of the busi- ness portfolio
Implement carefully selected investments of labor, resources, and budgets from the viewpoint of total optimization. Consider mega-trends and the SDGs. Clarify each business’s role, targets, and optimal scale and form.
3
Business model innovation (“Changing Forward”)
Make good use of core competencies to increase enterprise value through business and value chain innovations (without sticking to in-house development and production)
4
Innovate company organization/ culture (“Changing Forward”)
Construct cross-organizational functions and management sys- tems for total optimization and a company culture to face evolv- ing challenges
              Action 1
 Plan and execute growth strategies through the strengthening of core competence in each business unit (BU)*
Action 2
 Set appropriate indicators, with a focus on ROIC, and create specific action plans for achievement
 Action 3
Pursue synergy effects through integrated operations to create new value
Action 4
 Define scale-down or withdrawal strategies broken down to each sub-BU and product
Action 5
 Create a portfolio focusing on profitability, stability, and growth
    Anticipating the beginning of returns from ongoing investment of resources in growth fields
• Completed a new plant for the 777X and started shipments
• Completed one jet engine development cycle
• Steady progress in developing medical robots (currently in the final phase)
Recorded deficits on major projects in several businesses
Due to decreased profitability as a result of this and other factors, most quantitative goals (including ROIC) were not achieved
Mechanisms for realizing synergies in growth fields progressed in certain areas, but Company-wide maximization remains a task
• Progressed steadily toward demonstration tests of the CO2-free
hydrogen supply chain in fiscal 2020
• Created synergies in the energy field and Aerospace Systems segment
through organizational integration
Business selection and concentration criteria were unclear and execution was not fast enough
• Withdrew from offshore vessels
Cross-organizational functions and systems were insufficient to realize overall optimization
      *BU: Business unit
12 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 13

 Key Measures under MTBP 2019
To reinforce the Company’s earnings power and corpo- rate strength over the three years ending fiscal 2021, we will implement the following four key measures.
1 Strengthenthefinancialbase
In order to address the pressing issue of strengthen- ing the financial base, increasing our earnings power and improving cash flows will be top priorities. Specifically, because functions needed to pursue overall optimization have been inadequate, we imple- mented organizational reforms in April 2019 with the goal of enhancing strategy formulation and execution functions in head office divisions. I think that this will better enable us to avoid getting overly caught up in individual fiscal year profit and loss management and instead develop business strategy focused on the medium and long terms.
Previously, the business units (BUs) each carried out financial management based on ROIC. Going for- ward, the BUs will also advance comparisons of benchmarks with competitor companies to set goals for business activities, such as target operating income margins. By implementing thoroughgoing tar- get management, we will work to improve the Company’s earnings power.
Strengthening Project Risk Management and Building a Quality Management System
Strengthening Project Risk Management
In light of the losses on major projects recorded in recent years, during the previous medium-term busi- ness plan, we implemented such countermeasures as requiring stricter evaluations before accepting orders, reinforcing monitoring during contract fulfillment, and sharing examples of projects that went poorly. These efforts have steadily borne results. Under MTBP 2019, we will continue these initiatives while reinforcing Group-level risk asset control, including
Business Position Clarification and Rebuilding
Figure 5: Revitalizing Individual Businesses by Clarifying Roles and Targets
that on both the financial and engineering fronts, to better correspond to management resources invested. Quality Control System
The incident with the manufacturing defect in the series N700 Shinkansen bogie caused our stakehold- ers tremendous difficulty and concern, and for this, again, I am deeply sorry. We are implementing exhaustive corrective measures at every level to ensure that such a problem never occurs again. Spurred by this incident, we established the TQM Department* to reinforce cross-organizational func- tions for effectively and efficiently evaluating and improving the quality management systems and stan- dards of each business segment (the internal compa- nies). In addition to supporting the reinforcement of quality management in the business segments, going forward, we will expand the scope of quality manage- ment to management divisions to strengthen man- agement quality.
* TQM: Total quality management
2 TotalPortfolioOptimization
To make selective investments aimed at future growth, we will revitalize individual businesses by clarifying the position and role of each (Figure 5).
This business positioning is not permanent; it will be periodically and flexibly revised as needed.
In addition to the above, even in businesses in which improving profitability is challenging due to commoditization or other factors, we will realize business innovation by such means as combining the core competencies of multiple businesses to put them back on growth tracks. The example in Figure 6, below, shows how commercial vessels and cold stor- age technologies can, through hydrogen supply chain initiatives, be transformed back into businesses with future growth potential.
3 BusinessModelInnovation
Until now, our main business domains have been manufacturing and sales, with certain core compo- nents lifting overall profitability. We aim to increase earnings power by shifting from our existing
business domains to upstream and downstream busi- nesses that are higher on the so-called smile curve. Furthermore, by bringing in innovation from outside the Group, we will realize dramatic growth not possi- ble merely by building on our existing businesses.
  Figure 7: Business Model Innovation Breaking Away from Approach of Completing all Processes within the Group (Changing Forward)
 Continuously increase value
• Hydrogen tech- nologies
• Medical robots • Next-generation
vehicles
Brand licensing market development
Expanding value chains not dependant solely on internal resources
  • Remote monitoring
(track monitoring, gas turbines, etc.)
• Engine MRO 1 • AUVs 2
• SOPass 3 • Medical robots
 Core components
(precision machinery, general-purpose engines, semiconductor robots)
Existing Business Domains
Design parts Manufacturing/ assembly
Value chain
2. AUVs: Autonomous underwater vehicles
Sales/logistics
Service/maintenance and operation
   1. MRO: Maintenance, repair and overhaul
3. SOPass: Ship Operation and Performance Analysis Support System
4 Innovate Company Organization/Culture through K-Win Activitie
K-Win Activities (short for Kawasaki Workstyle Innovation Activities) began in fiscal 2016 as an effort to promote workstyle reforms. As these activi- ties have evolved, their scope has widened to
MTBP 2019 Quantitative Targets
The global economic outlook is currently unclear, reflecting U.S.-China trade frictions and the decelera- tion of growth in the Chinese economy. However, by steadily implementing the initiatives described above, we aim to achieve our management goals for fiscal 2021 of before-tax ROIC of 10% or more, FCF of
encompass overall corporate reform activities. We will advance organizational and corporate culture reforms to establish an internal climate of boldly taking on change and embody the Group taglines “Changing Forward” and “Powering your potential.” Note: For more information on K-Win Activities, please refer to pages 56–57.
¥120 billion or more (three-year total) and an operat- ing income margin ratio of 6% or more (with operating income of ¥100 billion or more). At the same time, we will advance investment aimed at business growth from fiscal 2022 onward.
  Figure 6: Leveraging Group-wide Core Competencies to Transform Businesses from “Rebuilding” and “Stable” to “Growing”
 Ambitious
Hydrogen Medical
chain
robots
Others
 Growing
Civil aircraft Energy
Robots Others
 Rebuilding
Commercial Rolling stock vessels
 Plant
Precision machinery
Leisure vehicles
Others
Stable
 Figure 8: Achieving the Milestones of ROIC of 10% or More and
an Operating Income Margin of 6% or More in Fiscal 2021
 Management Targets for FY2021
Before-tax ROIC1 10% or more 1. ROIC = EBIT/invested capital
(i.e. shareholders’ equity + interest expense)
    Sales (Billions of yen)
 Ratio of Operating Income to Sales (%)
 1,541.0
1,518.8
1,574.2
1,594.7
      6.0
3.0
3.5
Ratio of Operating Income to Sales
 FCF2
 6% or more (¥100 billion or more)
¥120 billion or more over 3 years
2. FCF before spending on growth investment
 2015 2016
2017 2018 2021 (FY)
4.0
6.0% or more
      Rebuilding
Natural gas related technology
Carry Store
Stable
Ambitious
Growing
 Hydrogen su
Demonstrate
pply chain
Commer- cialize
              Low Profitability High
14 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 15
Low Growth High
Amount of added value

  Kawasaki’s Vision for Fiscal 2030 and Long-Term Direction
In formulating the MTBP 2019, the head office divi- sions and internal companies discussed the mega- trends in Kawasaki’s business environment and strategy going forward. In addition, through the Group’s diverse businesses, we will contribute to the achieve- ment of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Figure 9: Mega-trends Surrounding Kawasaki Heavy Industries—No Survival without Transformation
Ongoing expansion in commercial
aircraft demand Appearance of mid-body aircraft
Through such initiatives, by fiscal 2030, we aim to nurture the Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, and Precision Machinery & Robot busi- nesses into growth drivers and to solidify efforts to commercialize the hydrogen chain—which is emblemat- ic of the Group’s synergy effects—and develop it into a growth engine.
In addition, while the Ship & Offshore Structure and Rolling Stock businesses are currently being rebuilt, after MTBP 2019, we aim to have them stably back on track, while the Motorcycle & Engine business pro- motes the Kawasaki brand globally.
We also aim for a balanced net sales mix in fiscal 2030, divided into four approximately equal parts, namely those from the Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, and Precision Machinery & Robot businesses, and the total of the Ship & Offshore Structure, Rolling Stock and Motorcycle & Engine businesses.
Furthermore, in light of the changing business envi- ronment and the expectations and demands of our diversifying stakeholders, we will strengthen our ESG initiatives. Under MTBP 2019, having identified mate- rial issues for fulfilling the Kawasaki Group’s CSR, under the new CSR activity framework, we will work to create social value through our businesses and advance
  Expanding demand for the engine maintenance business
Expanding demand for the system integration business
Slowing growth
of the domestic rolling stock manu- facturing market
Reduced domestic defense budget
Market slump due to vessel oversupply
Rise of industry
and South Korea
Growing motorcycle markets in emerging countries
Fierce price competition against overseas companies
in China
Increasing demand for high pressure hydraulic systems
Tightening environmental regulations and accompanying electrification
Aerospace Systems
Digital Innovation
Decarbonization
Automation/ Autonomy
Motorcycle & Engine
Growing markets in emerging countries
Shift to low envi- ronmental bur- den energy
Expanding robot utilization for various tasks
Fluctuations in demand in the con- struction and agricul-
tural machinery markets
initiatives to address such CSR issues as the realization of a low-carbon society, corporate governance, human resource development, human rights, compliance and supply chain management. In particular, we have desig- nated four ways of creating social value through our businesses as topmost priorities over the long term. These are providing safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of people and goods by land, sea and air; creating clean energy; improving social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries; and responding to
the needs of an aging society and shortage of labor through automation. In pursuing these, the Kawasaki Group will contribute to the achievement of the SDGs. For each of these ways of creating social value, we have established visions and non-financial targets for fiscal 2030 that we will use to track progress. Under the MTBP 2019, we will evolve the business portfolio through the pursuit of Group synergy and innovation while maximizing social value and contributing to the realization of the SDGs.
Shareholder Returns
The Kawasaki Group believes that it can best serve shareholders’ interests by continuously investing in the cutting-edge R&D and innovative capital expenditure necessary for future growth while steadily generating profit in excess of capital costs and strong cash flows to increase its enterprise value and share price over the long term.
To this end, while maintaining a basic policy of balancing and strengthening our financial base by increasing shareholders’ equity and decreasing interest- bearing debt, raising the share price through R&D and capital expenditure, and returning profits to sharehold- ers via dividends, we have set a benchmark of 30% for the medium- to long-term consolidated payout ratio.
Corporate Governance and Engagement
The Kawasaki Group constantly works to maintain and enhance a robust corporate governance system com- mensurate with its position as a corporate group with
global businesses. Since appointing our first outside director in 2013, we have increased the number of outside directors to three while seeking to maintain an appropriate balance of management oversight and business execution functions. The total portion of directors and audit & supervisory board members that are outside officers stands at 37.5% (6 out of 16). The outside members provide opinions based on their diverse experience outside the Company, contributing to lively, open discussion at Board of Directors meet- ings. We furthermore strive to maintain management with a high level of transparency for a wide range of stakeholders through such means as proactive and con- structive engagement with shareholders.
“Changing forward”
The Kawasaki Group traces its roots back to 1878, when Shozo Kawasaki established Kawasaki Tsukiji Shipyard. The Group has grown, of course, since then and has utilized diverse, sophisticated technological capabilities to create unique, innovative products and services that address all sorts of social issues.
In recent years, the world has undergone incredible changes, and the speed of change is accelerating. In addition, a wave of innovation is building with the rise of full-scale use of information and communication technology (ICT) and the Internet of Things (IoT) as well as artificial intelligence (AI), which has the potential to significantly alter the way we do business and the con- tent thereof. I believe we ourselves must evolve if we are to respond quickly to the new environment. With this sense of urgency in mind, I am promoting a forward-looking perspective on change within the Group under the banner “Changing forward.” I will per- sonally lead the way in taking on new challenges in the management of the Company and the Group.
As always, we will strive to realize our Group Mission, “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet,” and continue to create value for all stakeholders.
 Rolling Stock
Ship & Offshore Structure
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
 Figure 10: Vision for Business Portfolio in Fiscal 2030
 • Growth led by the Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, and Precision Machinery & Robot businesses
 • Ship & Offshore Structure and Rolling Stock businesses back on track, while the Motorcycle & Engine business promotes the Kawasaki brand globally
  • Efforts to commercialize the hydrogen chain, emblematic of the Group’s synergy effects, coming to fruition and evolving into a growth engine
Ship & Offshore Structure
Rolling Stock Motorcycle & Engine
25%
Aerospace Systems
25%
Precision Machinery & Robot
25%
Energy System & Plant Engineering
FY2030
25%
Hydrogen chain 5%
   Sales by business area
29%
41%
FY2018
16% 14%
4.0%
29%
 Operating income margin
6.0%
10.0%
34%
FY2021
19% 18%
16
Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 17

  Quality Management
  Refocusing on across-the-board, thoroughgoing quality management, we are promoting Total Quality Management (TQM).
Sukeyuki Namiki
Representative Director, Vice President and Senior Executive Officer Assistant to the President, General Supervisor of Technology, Production and Procurement, Officer in Charge of Quality Management and the Rolling Stock Company
TQM Framework
       Basic techniques
 Quality/reliability
 Improvement procedures
 Process standardization
 Statistical quality control
Reforms and improvements Policy management Activities supported by small groups to make improvements
Quality management education
Quality assurance
Product development management Process assurance
Maintenance and stabilization
Activity elements
Standardization
Day-to-day management Activity elements
     Purpose principles
 Means principles
 Organizational operation principles
Basic principles
Techniques
Drawing Lessons from a Major Incident, We Redoubled the Priority We Place on Prevention
In December 2017, partial crack was found on the bogie frame of a series N700 Shinkansen railcar manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries. After this incident, we set up the Companywide Quality Control Committee. Including external specialists, the committee investigated the causes of the manufacturing defects and discussed corrective mea- sures aimed at prevention. Participating in the committee as then president of the Aerospace Systems Company, I found it significant and meaningful, as it brought objective view- points into the investigation of the incident.
Dr. Takeshi Nakajo, a professor at Chuo University, served as chair of the committee, and highly knowledgeable spe- cialists contributed useful, insightful suggestions, putting us on the right path as a monozukuri manufacturer.
The committee concluded that the main causes of the manufacturing defects were poor quality management attributable to excessive dependence on the manufacturing frontlines and the absence of a robust risk management policy systematically requiring taking preventive measures against defects when subcontractors are replaced.
Thoroughgoing Measures to Reclaim Trust
First, we reviewed the entire operational process. It was obvious that the root causes of this problem lay within business units whose processes are routinely dependent on the manufacturing front lines. In response, we promoted concurrent activities that transcend sectional boundaries to step up the preliminarily verification of any manufactur- ing issues. This resulted in information sharing between business units charged with design and development and those charged with sales, procurement, manufacturing
and quality assurance. By striving to ensure built-in quali- ty, we are ensuring that robust measures are introduced at even earlier stages, for example, product design discus- sion meetings.
The committee’s investigation suggested another short- fall; Kawasaki Production System (KPS) activities had yet to be fully embraced. In response, we took a top-down
approach and implemented KPS throughout the organiza- tion to make it easier to confirm operational conformity. Adoption of KPS began at the motorcycle division, moved on to the aerospace systems division and is now well established. KPS standardizes operational procedures and mandates that each procedure is observed and the out- comes of each process recorded. This ensures that any abnormality is swiftly addressed and nonconforming pro- cess corrected. Having fully embraced KPS, we are cease- lessly endeavoring to improve quality via a cycle of (1) detecting abnormalities; (2) pausing to determine the cause; and (3) implementing improvements.
The insufficiency of information sharing with regard to changes in subcontractors is also being addressed through the reinforcement of risk management. Any change carries the element of risk, so we have made it a rule for upstream sections to quickly inform downstream sections of every alteration. Manufacturing records are also being examined to identify issues and incorporate takeaways into future projects.
Moreover, we learned a major lesson about the conse- quences of poor cross-departmental communications. In addition to enhancing vertical upstream-downstream two- way business unit communication, we are facilitating hori- zontal coordination between departments. A broader range of employees is now being encouraged to engage in discus- sion that transcends organizational boundaries.
Furthermore, we overhauled our employee education systems. With a shared sense of crisis, all business units are engaged in robust staff education on operational process and quality management.
Thanks to these measures, over the past year I have seen positive changes at the Rolling Stock Company. The prevail- ing culture is now even more conducive to information sharing and open discussion. Everyone has taken the inci- dent seriously and is strongly determined to regain the public’s trust. This determination continues to drive us toward further improvement.
Promoting TQM to Establish an Overarching Quality Management Structure
In addition to the initiatives discussed above, we sought to
upgrade Total Quality Management (TQM), our system of quality management and in-house quality standard evalua- tion and enhancement.
We believe TQM represents our commitment to cease- less quality improvement. Improving product quality requires the involvement of top management as well as every employee in every relevant department, so in fiscal 2018 we carried out across-the-board quality inspections embracing the TQM perspective, beginning with the Rolling Stock Company and going on to all other business segments.
In fiscal 2018 we established the TQM Promotion Department and focused on three areas: policy management, day-to-day management and quality management education.
Policy management entails rolling out policies deter- mined by top management at each organizational layer and their full adoption by frontline workers. It is impor- tant to ensure that takeaways from issues identified in the course of operations are shared vertically with upstream sections and horizontally with other departments for poli- cy optimization.
In day-to-day management, we prioritize the standard- ization of operations and detection of abnormalities, to this end engaging in KPS activities to break down the time frame allotted for and compile records about each opera- tional process. We are able to identify potential issues and opportunities for improvement, for example, taking four minutes to execute a three-minute process. The detection of abnormalities requires monitoring and quick response sys- tems. From a broader perspective, we aim to ensure that managers are on the lookout for abnormalities that may have become normalized in routine operations.
With regard to “quality management education,” we have positioned the MTBP 2019 as a starting point and are reviewing the educational curriculum in place at the corpo- rate level under the initiative of the TQM Promotion Department. Similar efforts are under way at each business segment. We are thus redeveloping our platforms for employee education and sharing information as necessary.
The Companywide Quality Meeting facilitates the sharing of best practices as some business segments have already determined TQM-based quality policies and created
relevant guidelines. The TQM Promotion Department helps each business segment realize its ideals by working with relevant segment staff to assess the segment’s current status, spot any ambiguities or issues, and take action as appropriate.
Driving current initiatives is our sense of crisis since the N700 Shinkansen railcar incident. We recognize that the incident may have stemmed in part from pitfalls found in manufacturing operations generally, not just at the Rolling Stock Company. All Group employees must therefore learn to spot such pitfalls and devise ways to prevent incidents. The foundation of these efforts is TQM, which is highly compatible with KPS. I am determined to foster a quality-oriented corporate culture by leveraging the activities of both.
Organizational Strength through Active Discussion
When the across-the-board TQM initiative launch was announced, some argued against it. I welcomed these questions, as I believe that active discussion is key to fostering an open organizational culture.
While TQM helps us put customers first, it also enhances employees’ sense of fulfillment. Therefore, everyone at Kawasaki is committed to ceaselessly improving quality and standardizing operations while determining and countering the root causes of abnormalities, thereby shoring up its foundations and contributing to a strong and resilient organization in line with our corporate slogan, “Changing Forward.”
Looking ahead, through the Companywide Quality Meeting we will clarify where improvement is called for and implement countermeasures based on the variety of ideas put forward.
Deep reflection on the aforementioned incident and our work since has made us more aware of the need to thor- oughly embrace TQM. Having begun in fiscal 2019, we will strive toward a corporate culture in which TQM is firmly embraced by setting short-, medium- and long-term targets.
    18 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 19
  
  Financial Strategy
  Promoting ROIC management, we will optimize our overall operations while achieving business model reform.
Kenji Tomida
Representative Director, Vice President and Senior Executive Officer Assistant to the President, General Supervisor of Finance and Human Resources
Three-Year Cash Flow Targets
 Net interest-bearing debt (billions of yen) Shareholders’ equity (billions of yen)
Net D/E ratio (%)
78.9% 446.2
345.3
FY2016
80.6% 466.9
376.0
76.6%
365.1
70-80%
      483.5
    Cash flow model under MTBP 2019
   Operating cash flows ¥330 billion or more over 3 years
   Investment cash flows ¥210 billion or more over 3 years
  Free cash flows ¥120 billion or more over 3 years
   Investment for further growth
(¥45 billion over 3 years)
∙Strengthen financial position ∙Dividend payout ratio of 30%
 FY2017 FY2018
FY2021
Positioning of Kawasaki-ROIC Management in the MTBP 2019
Engaged in the simultaneous pursuit of overall profitability, corporate growth and operational stability while striking a balance between investment and return, the Kawasaki Group has been utilizing ROIC as its key management indicator since fiscal 2000. In fiscal 2013, this approach was upgraded and we launched Kawasaki-ROIC Management, which, unlike our previous segment-focused management approach, deals with operations at the more granular business-unit (BU) level, allowing precise ROIC management. The before-tax ROIC target for all BUs is set at 8%, a hurdle chosen to ensure that each records profit in excess of capital cost.
The Kawasaki Group consists of a variety of operations with different business cycles, and a conglomerate of this kind typically sets the target for each BU with due consider- ation given to its business cycle. However, our management framework aims to prompt any BUs failing to clear their threshold within a certain time frame to execute thorough- going structural reforms. Unfortunately, the overall Group failed to clear the 8% hurdle under the MTBP 2016. Despite expansion in growth-driving businesses thanks to ongoing investment, a significant decline in the profitability of multi- ple businesses due to such factors as losses recorded in con- nection with major projects negatively impacted results.
Drawing lessons from these results, we have stepped up project risk management. Under the MTBP 2019, we are placing the utmost priority on reinforcing our financial position and applying cash flow-focused management to enhance our ROIC. To that end, we have identified our 2021 goals as a before-tax ROIC of 10%, an operating income mar- gin of 6% and operating income of ¥100 billion. Moreover, by continuing to advance selection and concentration, we expect to approach an operating income margin of 10% around fiscal 2030.
Growth Investment Selection Based on a Cash Flow Model
Looking back, ongoing growth investment carried out by each business segment over the course of the three-year period of the MTBP 2016 overburdened our overall cash flows. Learning from this, the MTBP 2019 breaks down BUs in each business segment into four categories: “growing BU,” “ambitious BU,” “stable BU” and “reforming BU.” Each BU is expected to fulfill their role in their category while taking a selective approach to investment, with the aim of optimizing the overall business portfolio.
Under the MTBP 2019 cash flow model, our basic goal
is to secure operating cash flows totaling ¥330 billion or more over the plan’s three years. Relevant Head Office departments will work with each internal company to con- duct balance-sheet analyses and identify points needing improvement. We will strive to secure free cash flows of ¥120 billion while keeping outflows attributable to invest- ment below ¥210 billion. Furthermore, we will take a flexi- ble approach to M&A, for which we have set aside a three-year budget of ¥45 billion for growth investments. This should reinforce our financial position while allowing a dividend payout ratio of 30%. Striking a balance between securing cash inflows and investing, we will control our net D/E ratio at 70% to 80%.
Strengthening Our Management System
We are acutely aware of the need to establish a highly effective management system for the smooth running of a conglomerate and overall operational optimization. In particular, we need to create mechanisms for bridging information gaps between Head Office departments and business segment departments and assessing changes in the business environment.
Thus, in April 2019, the former Finance Division was made the Finance and Control Division with the Corporate Management Department created to operate under it. With this department leading the way, we will optimize overall operations through internal control and roll out digital
innovation, modeled on our fast-growing robot business operations, throughout the Company. We will also push ahead with digitization throughout the value chain, looking to create seamless business processes and introduce automation technologies for ease of monitoring.
Also, to prevent losses, we will even more closely moni- tor each project to detect warning signs as early as possible and will tighten our grip on risk-weighted assets in a way that is consistent with our financial strength, applying the lens of risk tolerance in the course of managing overall Group operations.
“Changing Forward”:
Pursuing Business Model Reforms
Our initiatives under the MTBP 2019 are formulated employing a “backcasting” method based on the business ideals we envision for fiscal 2030.
We expect that around 2030 our existing businesses will be growing consistently thanks to current efforts to enhance product competitiveness. We will also have experienced a transition from low-carbon to de-carbonization solutions and from automated to autonomous machinery while seeing the creation of new value via dramatic innovation associated with digital transformation. These breakthroughs will help create systems, products and services that lead to solutions to the social issues of the future.
Accordingly, the aerospace systems business, which expects robust results in the final year of the MTBP 2019 and beyond, will accelerate its efforts to create next-gener- ation jet engines and aircraft.
Meanwhile, the robot business, which is ready to take steps toward the next growth stage, will significantly expand the scope of its business fields by commercializing autono- mous robotic technologies that apply IoT and AI to help resolve issues arising from demographic graying and labor shortages. Medical robots are also expected to be a strong growth driver. In the energy and environment business, despite the need for heavy investment in de-carbonization solutions to meet clean energy demand, we anticipate future revenue from our hydrogen energy business.
As a result, the aerospace systems business, the energy and environment business (which includes the hydrogen chain business), the precision machinery and robot business, and the inland and marine transport business will each account for around 25% of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2030, achieving a well-balanced business portfolio. Taking into account the future outlook for mega trends in the period leading up to 2030, we expect that investment priority will be placed on the aerospace systems business, the precision machinery and robot business and the energy business centered on hydrogen.
Business expansion also requires business model reforms that mean breaking away from the traditional manufacturing approach of completing all processes within the Group.
For example, we aim to reform facility services, maintenance and operations, including the provision of after- sales services for gas turbines and rolling stock. Within our existing business infrastructure, we will thus expand our value chains while collaborating with external corporations. Eventually, we will be able to establish a subscription model that yields stable and secure recurring fee revenues.
Other reforms include the development of a licensing business. We expect our unique hydrogen technologies to help us secure an advantage the future emergence of hydrogen power generation. Specifically, as a leader in the area of low-carbon and de-carbonization solutions encompassing a broad range of the hydrogen supply chain, we will be able to take advantage of the large number of intellectual properties and core technologies we possess to expand our hydrogen business while seeking alliances with a variety of partners around the globe.
In short, the Kawasaki Group boasts a number of busi- nesses with significant potential for growth in fiscal 2030 and beyond. To fully realize their potential, we will strengthen our financial position while developing a highly effective management system to optimize overall opera- tions and aid in the creation of new business models. Through these and other efforts, we will secure further growth for the Kawasaki Group and improve our enterprise value to embody our corporate slogan, “Changing Forward.”
    20 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 21
  
     Strengthening the Service Business
   Technological Development
Provide products
Provide new added value (services)
        We will create new value for future generations via the pursuit of technological innovation.
Hiroshi Nakatani
Managing Executive Officer, CIO
General Manager, Corporate Technology Division General Manager, Technical Institute
General Manager, Manufacturing Improvement Center
AUV
CO2 separation system
100 MW-class
CCPP
Hydraulic system
New products
Connected motorcycle
Remote track monitoring service
Gas turbine and gas engine remote monitoring
Transportation equipment and systems
Vessel management assistance
Energy- and environment-related systems
Hydrogen
Decarbonizing energy system
Precision machinery and robots
New businesses
          Renewable energy
               Robot with remote collaboration system
Garbage incinerator
operation assistance Supply-demand
    balancing market
     Failure prediction and diagnosis system
New value
Energy management
Autonomous service robots
  Evolution Employing Digital Innovation
At Kawasaki Heavy Industries, the Corporate Technology Division has long been collaborating with each business segment to promote product development. In line with the FY2019 MTBP, we are striving to step up such collaboration with emphasis on dramatic innovation as part of a push to create new products and businesses aimed at meeting rapidly evolving market needs. We consider dramatic innovation essential to satisfying latent customer needs, helping resolve future issues, and creating solutions for future generations. I believe that much will be accomplished via breakthroughs in digital technologies. For example, we have positioned future energy systems, transportation systems and robotics as growth fields and are discussing the services we need to create. We are also striving to ensure that staff at the Corporate Technology Division and those at business segments share a common idea of the future products and businesses that will make it possible to deliver solutions. In this way, we are identifying technological targets that must be achieved in order to realize further advances.
In fiscal 2018, the Information Planning Center, formerly part of Head Office’s Corporate Planning Division, was reassigned to the Corporate Technology Division and renamed the IT Strategy Planning Center. The Corporate Technology Division is now better positioned to accelerate efforts aimed at embodying our corporate slogan, “Changing Forward.”
We expect digital innovation to help broaden our business fields. As a manufacturer, we have largely depended on earnings from assembly and production. Digital innovation, however, allows us to expand our scope of services to include operations previously undertaken by our customers.
We are now enhancing the value of our services through the provision of a comprehensive set of systems, rather than just products, and improved maintenance efficiency. For example, to enhance customer value in our garbage incinerator operation assistance service an AI-driven system analyzes images of the matter being incinerated and automatically calculates the volume of garbage needed for the desired output from the generator the furnace is feeding. We aim to upgrade this system to plan garbage supply
volumes based on market electricity demand.
By thus applying prediction and optimization technologies,
we will help customers streamline their operations. This is how digital innovation works, and we believe our efforts to develop efficient facility management systems will contribute to the realization of greater goals, like the SDGs.
Preparing for the Emergence of a Hydrogen- Powered Society
After the Paris Agreement, signatory countries began pursuing the collective target of keeping the global temperature rise in this century to less than 2°C (ideally, less than 1.5°C) above pre-industrial levels. This agreement also aims to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases (GHGs), including CO2, to virtually zero in the second half of this century. We are determined to fulfill our responsibilities as a corporate citizen in response to this international shift in focus from low-carbon to de-carbonization, which will bring with it new business opportunities. Accordingly, we are pushing ahead with various initiatives in preparation for the emergence of a society in which hydrogen-fueled clean energy is a major type of power.
The creation of the decarbonized society requires three factors. First, a robust power network must be built despite the intrinsic instability of the renewable energy supply. Our network-based remote facility operation systems will help adjust outputs from power generation facilities, such as gas engines and gas turbines, in response to changes in demand- supply status. Our technologies will thus benefit both the energy market and power suppliers.
The second factor is carbon recycling. We envision a new material chain that prevents the external release of CO2 emissions and is nondependent on fossil fuels. Despite cost challenges, a growing number of customers are investing in such green energy solutions.
Finally, we believe that the promotion of clean energy will result in the creation of a society powered by hydrogen energy. Over a two–year period ended in fiscal 2018, we were engaged in the verification testing of “Kobe Smart Community.” Specifically, we established a hydrogen cogeneration power generation facility on Kobe Port Island
using our gas turbine technologies to supply energy and heat to surrounding communities, confirming the safety and feasibility of the cogeneration system.
Plans call for carrying out technological verification associated with importing hydrogen from Australia in 2020. Australia boasts abundant, easily accessed reserves of brown coal that have long been underutilized due to transportation difficulties. To address this issue, we aim to establish a low- cost process for extracting hydrogen on site. Hydrogen can then be efficiently transported to Japan and utilized for power generation, other industrial purposes, or as a fuel for vehicles. As a number of major international events are expected to be held in Japan in 2020 and beyond, we will focus on introducing our blueprint for the hydrogen-powered society of the future to visitors from around the world.
Enhancing Manufacturing through Digital Innovation
We are engaged in process innovation aimed at enhancing operational efficiency. For example, taking advantage of digital innovation, we are striving to incorporate virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) technologies into our design and development operations.
Most recently, VR was utilized in the course of developing a new railcar in the Seibu 40000 series. Focusing on ensuring a barrier-free environment, we used a VR-supported design process to confirm freedom of movement within railcars for passengers with disabilities, thus reducing the time and money spent on prototype development.
Moreover, we have been introducing ICT/IoT technologies as part of the push to realize manufacturing reforms at our factories. For example, the Corporate Technology Division is working with the Aerospace Systems Company to promote the Smart-K project, which involves introducing robots at our Nagoya and Gifu facilities and establishing a cutting-edge, RFID*-driven product traceability management system. We expect these technologies to support timely decision making with regard to changes in production orders while optimizing facility operations.
* RFID (radio frequency identification): Wireless, automated recognition systems and technologies
The Corporate Technology Division Provides a Vision of the Future
Our matrix-type based operations maximize performance with fewer employees. Thus staff from the Corporate Technology Division can closely collaborate with staff in each business segment from the product planning stage onward and the allocation of resources can be optimized to meet various, often contradictory, development requirements. With multiple projects currently under way, specialists at the Corporate Technology Division are taking advantage of their technological expertise to promote product development at business segments.
Furthermore, matrix-based operations enhance our ability to realize synergies through the sharing of insights gleaned from past projects. For example, a recent project aimed at developing gas engines utilized combustion chamber flow and combustion analysis techniques developed through motorcycle development. This project supported the development of a highly efficient gas engine with world- leading performance in an extremely short period of time.
Conversely, the Ninja H2, a motorcycle boasting a supercharger, was developed via the application of high- speed rotating technologies originally utilized in gas turbines. In short, we are leveraging technological synergies in various ways to enhance project development efficiency.
The Corporate Technology Division’s mission includes proposing products and services capable of resolving social issues and, to this end, envisioning the technologies it must create in the near future to identify solutions that will support future generations. To this end, in addition to in-house development, the division collaborates with startups, utilizing input from these and other open innovation initiatives being undertaken worldwide as endeavors to efficiently meet society’s evolving needs.
Looking ahead, for the division to help Kawasaki Heavy Industries maintain sustainable operations, it will have to take on the kind of challenges that cannot be overcome by upgrading or optimizing existing products and strive toward technological breakthroughs and business model reforms. We are confident that we will overcome such challenges, create innovative products and new value, and satisfy the future needs of society.
    22 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 23
 Big data analysis
Sensing AI
Horizontal application of technological advances (synergies)

 Goal for the MTBP 2019
 FY2018 results
  Hydrogen Energy Supply Chain
 Initiating Demonstration Project Aimed at Establishing
a Hydrogen Supply Chain Spanning Japan and Australia
Despite its significant potential, brown coal has largely been underutilized as it ignites easily when dried, making it difficult to transport safely. Latrobe Valley, in Victoria, Australia, boasts an abundant reserve of brown coal. This deposit is only five meters below the ground and is estimated to contain enough fuel to power all of Japan for 240 years at current usage levels. Solutions capable of converting brown coal into hydrogen can make this underutilized resource usable.
Kawasaki is working with partner companies toward demonstration under its Hydrogen Energy Supply Chain (HESC) Project to produce hydrogen from Latrobe Valley brown coal, liquefy it and transport it to Japan. The first hydrogen produc- tion and transportation testing is scheduled for 2020 to 2021.
Latrobe Valley, Australia
   Smart Community Technology Development Project Utilizing
Hydrogen Cogeneration System1 on Kobe Port Island
To demonstrate cogeneration employing hydrogen-fueled gas turbines, we established a cogeneration system utilizing a 1MW hydrogen- and natural gas-fueled turbine on the site of the former Kobe Minatojima Clean Center. We conducted this project with support from NEDO’s2 Subsidy to Industrial Technology Development Expense under a Specific Theme (fis- cal 2015 to 2018) program in cooperation with Obayashi Corporation, Kobe City and a number of major companies based in the Kansai area. The project’s results set the global precedent for hydrogen-fueled cogenera- tion systems that provide electricity and heat in an urban area.
1. A general term for systems that provide electricity and heat
2. NEDO: New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization
  Hydrogen cogeneration system
Hydrogen
Hydrogen-fueled gas turbine
Electricity Heat
 Supported fuels
 Hydrogen  Natural gas
  Connecting Hydrogen Production and Consumption Sites
Kawasaki Hydrogen Road
Hydrogen emits no CO when combusted and can be easily produced from a variety of raw materials. Hydrogen is 2
therefore a highly promising source of clean energy, capable of helping counter global warming and resource depletion—two major environmental problems—if it can be
Creating Clean Energy
As it aims to contribute to the development of a hydrogen- powered society, Kawasaki Heavy Industries is pursuing its goal of becoming a supplier of comprehensive system packages associated with hydrogen transportation infrastructure by 2030 via the provision of hydrogen loading and unloading facilities, liquefaction systems, carrier ships and gas turbines. To achieve this goal, we are working with partner companies to develop key hydrogen supply chain technologies. These tech- nologies include those associated the production of hydrogen from brown coal in Australia, with the aim of taking advantage of this underutilized resource, as well as technologies that pro- duce hydrogen in combination with renewable energy genera- tion processes and hydrogen liquefaction technologies. With regard to the transportation of hydrogen, our large-capacity carrier ships are expected to play an essential role along with our loading and unloading facilities. Furthermore, we will sup- port the storage of liquefied hydrogen as well as hydrogen
utilization via power generation employing gas turbines opti- mized for this fuel.
Applying CO2 capture and storage (CCS) technologies at the production stage when obtaining hydrogen from fossil fuels enables the use of hydrogen as a source of clean energy by controlling CO2 emissions all the way from production to utiliza- tion. Once established, the hydrogen supply chain that Kawasaki is building will be able to stably supply large quantities of clean energy while considerably reducing CO2 emissions. We have ini- tiated the construction of facilities for the demonstration of this supply chain. We have also successfully completed demonstra- tion testing of heat and electricity supply via pure hydrogen combustion as well as water electrolysis hydrogen production.
  made widely available as a fuel for vehicles or power gener- ation. Kawasaki’s accumulated technological and Group capabilities enable it to provide the key equipment for
a seamless hydrogen supply chain encompassing pro- duction, transportation, storage and utilization.
Utilization
  Leveraging this strength, we are developing and commercializing new hydrogen infrastructure tech- nologies. By doing so, we are working to create
an affluent society through the safe, affordable and stable supply of hydrogen.
Production
-253°C: Realizing Extreme Cold
Large-scale hydrogen-fueled power generation requires a large quantity of hydrogen. Kawasaki Heavy Industries is the first in Japan to develop an industrial hydrogen liquefaction system that employs only domestic technologies. In addition to producing hydrogen from brown coal, an underutilized resource, we have made it possi- ble to easily handle a large volume of hydrogen by using cryogenic (-253°C) liquefaction to reduce its bulk.
Example Initiative
Renewable energy
Production
Electric energy
Production
Production
Fossil fuels with CCS
Production
    Production
Hydrogen energy
Transport, storage and utilization
• Complete the demonstration of a hydrogen supply chain spanning Japan and Australia
• Initiated the construction of loading and unloading facilities for supply chain • demonstration
Succeeded in operating cogeneration facilities that employ the mixed combustion of
natural gas and hydrogen as well as purely hydrogen-fueled cogeneration facilities in • urban areas in Kobe
Completed the demonstration of wind-powered water electrolysis hydrogen produc- tion (a “power-to-gas” process that utilizes surplus renewable energy to produce and store hydrogen) in Hokkaido
  A demonstration plant installed on Kobe Port Island
      Transportation
Reduction in Volume to 1/800
Hydrogen produced overseas from underutilized resources is liquefied at -253°C to reduce its bulk to one eight-hundredth its volume as a gas. To transport this hydrogen safely and efficiently, we are developing the world’s first liquefied hydrogen carrier ship.* The demonstration ship is scheduled for completion in 2020, with plans for larger versions down the line.
* The Demonstration Project for Establishment of Mass Hydrogen Marine Transportation Supply Chain Derived from Unused Brown Coal subsidized by New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO)
Storage
2,500 m3 Liquefied Hydrogen Storage Tank
The development of storage tanks and trans- portation containers for liquefied hydrogen is essential to promoting the utilization of hydro- gen in Japan. Kawasaki Heavy Industries boasts a long track record in the handling of liquefied hydrogen used as rocket fuel. Currently, we are striving to develop the larg- est liquefied hydrogen storage tank in Japan, which will boast vacuum insulated walls and
Utilization
100% Hydrogen-Fueled Power Generation
With the aim of commercializing power generation gas turbines that reduce environmental burden, we devel- oped a unique combustion method employing a mix of 40% natural gas and 60% hydrogen. Furthermore, we developed technology for freely adjusting the fuel mix, anywhere from 100% natural gas to 100% hydrogen, without interrupting the power supply. We completed the demonstration of this technology at our facility on Kobe City’s Port Island.1 Going forward, we aim to develop a dry-combustion gas turbine for purely hydrogen-fueled power generation to reduce NOx emissions. To this end, a new demonstration project,
launched in fiscal 2019, is now under
way at the Port Island facility.2
1. The Smart Community Technology Development Project Utilizing Hydrogen Cogeneration Systems subsidized by NEDO: The project succeeded in the world’s first cogeneration solely via hydro- gen combustion in an urban area in April 2018
2. The Development and Demonstration Project for Low-NOx Hydrogen-fueled Gas Turbine Combustion Technology subsidized by NEDO
a capacity of 2,500 m3.*
* The Demonstration Project for Establishment of Mass Hydrogen Marine Transportation Supply Chain Derived from Unused Brown
Coal subsidized by NEDO
        24
Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 25
Example Initiative
 
Aerospace Systems Main Products
• Aircraft for the Japan Ministry of Defense
• Parts for commercial aircraft • Commercial helicopters
• Missiles/Space equipment • Jet engines • Aerospace gearboxes
   Vision
A leading company that consistently creates new value for the world through excellent aerospace technologies and monozukuri manufacturing quality
   Opportunities
Defense • Sustained domestic defense equip- Aircraft ment development and production
•Prospectsofdefenseequipment exports
Commercial •Medium-tolong-termgrowthinair
Risks
Defense Aircraft
Commercial Aircraft
Jet Engines
• Reduced equipment prices due to defense budget streamlining
•Fiercelycompetitiveenvironment,reflectingcompe- tition for market share between Boeing and Airbus
•Uncertaintyregardingfutureofwide-bodyaircraft, due to the increased presence of LCCs*
• Rise of manufacturers in emerging countries
• Decreasing demand due to economic recession
• Development risks related to introducing cutting- edge technologies
Hiroyoshi Shimokawa
President,
Aerospace Systems Company
  Aircraft Jet Engines
passenger and air freight volume, in line with economic growth in emerging countries
• Growing demand in line with expan- sion of commercial aircraft market
* LCCs: Low-cost carriers
Display of a P-1 patrol aircraft and C-2 transport aircraft by the Ministry of Defense at the Paris Air Show
 Core Competence
 Aircraft
Jet Engines
• Technological capabilities as manufacturer of finished aircraft with experience in the defense business •(system integration capabilities)
Technological capabilities based on international joint development with Boeing, and sophisticated, • large-scale production facilities
• High quality and productivity through the Kawasaki Production System (KPS)
Sophisticated technological capabilities built through international joint development projects and
• developing engines for defense aircraft
High quality and productivity through leading-edge production technology
■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
498.9 469.5 431.6
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
463.9
● Before-tax ROIC 6.5% 7.0% 7.8%
    30.8
32.6
5.0%
  Business Direction under MTBP 2019
2017 2018 (FY)
* Due to internal company reorganization, effective April 2018, only results for fiscal 2017 (restated) and fiscal 2018 are shown.
     Defense Aircraft • Steady progress on existing development projects and production contracts • Expand orders for new projects
Commercial Aircraft • Consider participation in next-generation aircraft projects
Jet Engines • Secure inclusion in new engine projects by improving development capabilities
2017 2018
(FY) 2017 2018 (FY)
• Provide additional development and production for projects in which we are already participating • Consider entering the maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) business
Initiatives to Create Social Value
the BK117 low-noise helicopter, which is expected to
Operating Environment and Strategies
As global air passenger and air freight volume expand over the medium to long term due to economic growth in emerging countries, we expect continued growth in demand for commercial aircraft and jet engines. In this operating environment, we will implement a range of strategies in pursuit of ongoing growth.
In the defense aircraft sector, we will move steadily toward mass production of the P-1 patrol aircraft and C-2 transport aircraft while seeking to capture orders for modernized and derivative types of aircraft. We will also export defense equipment in line with government policy.
In the commercial aircraft sector, we will further strengthen our relationship with Boeing and work to increase production capacity through streamlining using robotics and other means while advancing considerations of participation in next-generation aircraft programs.
In the jet engine sector, we will work to further stabilize quality, reduce costs, and reinforce supply chains for
projects in which we already participate while adopting IoT and other advanced technologies to improve produc- tivity. We will further reinforce our technological strengths in compressors, combustors, and gears—strategic components for Kawasaki—and use these strengths as a foundation for participating in new projects. In addition, we aim to gradually secure engine maintenance capabili- ties with a view to entering the MRO business.
In April 2018, Kawasaki integrated the former Aerospace Company and the jet engine business of the former Gas Turbine & Machinery Company, creating the Aerospace Systems Company. By inte-
grating our aerospace- related businesses, we
are looking to continue to reinforce cost competitive- ness, collaborate to expand business, and develop
The Aerospace Systems Company has designated as its vision for 2030 providing air transportation systems com- bining excellent environmental performance with excel- lent safety and reliability. To achieve this vision, we are participating in the development of Boeing 787 and 777X aircraft as well as jet engines, such as the Trent series and PW1100G-JM, to contribute to the steady supply of low fuel consumption aircraft and low fuel consumption engines. We will also focus on the production and sale of
be used in firefighting, disaster response, and ambulance services. Furthermore, we aim to participate in the joint international development of new, environmentally con- scious aircraft and engines and thereby contribute to environmental improvement.
 Goals for the MTBP 2019
• Provide environmentally conscious aircraft, helicopters, and engines and participate in new programs
• Produce components for Boeing 787
• Sales of BK117 units: Produce finished units and components
• Produce components for Trent 1000, Trent XWB and
PW1100G-JM low fuel consumption engines
 Fiscal 2018 Results
 • Components for Boeing 787: 146 units sold
• Sales of BK117 units: One finished unit and 79 components
• Produce components for Trent 1000, Trent XWB, and PW1100G-JM low fuel consumption engines
  26 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 27
new businesses.
Trent XWB
©Rolls-Royce plc
  
Energy System & Plant Engineering Main Energy/Marine • Industrial-use gas turbines/cogeneration systems • Gas engines • Diesel engines • Steam turbines for marine and land applications • Aerodynamic machinery/Marine propulsion systems Products Plant • Industrial plants (cement, fertilizer, and others) • Power plants • LNG tanks • Municipal waste incineration plants • Tunnel boring machines • Crushing machines
 Vision
A distinctive equipment, system, and plant manufacturer that uses technologies and quality underpinned by sophisticated product development expertise and engineering know-how to globally provide products and services that help protect the environment and earn high customer satisfaction, mainly in are areas of energy and the environment.
Opportunities Risks
  • Growing demand for energy and infrastructure in emerging and resource-rich countries
• Growing demand for distributed gas-fueled power generation facilities prompted by lower LNG fuel prices
• Tightening environmental regulations
• Demand to build new or replace various power generation facil- ities following the Great East Japan Earthquake
• Demand for infrastructure replacement in Japan ahead of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics
Business Direction under MTBP 2019
• Delayed projects due to prolonged slump in price of oil
• Weakening investment incentive paralleling economic slowdowns in emerging countries and resource-rich countries
• Prolonged slump in the shipping market
   Core Competence
 • Ability to provide solutions leveraging synergy from combining Kawasaki-brand products, such as the combined cycle power plant (CCPP) standard package, which combines a gas turbine, steam turbine, and waste heat recovery boiler, as well as gas engine/gas turbine hybrid projects
• Environment-friendly technologies and development capabilities in core products and systems as well as compre- hensive engineering capabilities developed through wide-ranging projects
• Locally rooted sales system leveraging overseas sites
• Create new technologies, products, and added value that contributes to reducing environmental burden
• Reinforce project responsiveness by effectively utilizing and sharing resources
• Advance overseas business development through initiatives closely tailored to local communities and customers and build a foundation for future earnings growth
      Tatsuya Watanabe
President,
Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
223.7
2017
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
4.5%
High-efficiency 30 MW-class gas turbine L30A
● Before-tax ROIC 8.0%
263.5 251.6
253.0
11.6 7.6
3.0%
9.3%
        Operating Environment and Strategies
In the energy and marine sectors, demand for gas-fired power generation is expanding, and distributed power generation needs are also increasing, especially in Asia. In this business environment, we will accelerate business development based on system solutions combining core products to achieve business growth, especially on the sales front in Southeast Asia.
In the plant sector, we anticipate stable domestic and overseas demand, reflecting infrastructure development and heightened interest in environmental protection, especially in emerging countries, including those in Southeast Asia. However, price competition is fierce, and finding ways to sharpen cost-competitiveness is an issue that requires our attention. In this environment, we aim to secure orders by providing unique, high-value-added
Gas-to-gasoline (GTG) plant
products and strengthening our sales systems and main- tenance and after-sales services. When bidding for orders, we will be more selective, emphasizing profitabil- ity over scale. We will also reinforce quality assurance and risk management systems to reduce costs from defective products and improve profitability.
Furthermore, aiming to expand sales of the CCPP stan- dard package, which combines a Kawasaki gas turbine, steam turbine and waste heat recovery boiler, we will reinforce our overseas sales systems. We are also advancing investment in hydrogen-related projects and product development aimed at future business growth and the realization of a carbon-free society. To this end, we plan to begin operations of a pilot hydrogen supply chain in 2020.
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Energy System & Plant Engineering Company has desig- nated as its vision for 2030 being a distinctive equipment, system, and plant manufacturer that uses technologies and quality underpinned by sophisticated product development expertise, manufacturing technology, and engineering know-how to globally provide products and services that help protect the environment and earn high customer satis- faction, mainly in are areas of energy and the environment.
To achieve this vision, we aim to advance both economic growth and environmental protection by providing energy- saving, highly resource-efficient equipment, such as gas tur- bines that realize the world’s highest level of efficiency and environmental performance, gas engines that realize the
world’s highest level of performance, and other power gen- eration facilities. We are working to combine core products and incorporate in-house know-how, reinforce our ability to handle overseas projects, and create new solutions. We will contribute to infrastructure improvement by providing such products as tunnel boring machines and cryogenic storage facilities while also contributing to environmental protec- tion in urban areas through deliveries of energy-saving waste incinerators, water treatment facilities, desulfuriza- tion/denitrification devices, and other systems.
2018
(FY) 2017 2018 (FY)
(FY) 2017 2018
* Due to internal company reorganization, effective April 2018, only results for fiscal 2017 (restated) and fiscal 2018 are shown.
  Goals for the MTBP 2019
• Expand supply of Kawasaki’s power plants, which boast world-class generating efficiency
and power-saving performance, in Southeast Asia, where electricity demand is growing rapid- ly, to meet needs for economic development and greater environmental friendliness in emerg- ing countries
• Develop products with greater environmental burden alleviating effects and respond to envi- ronmental regulations
• Advance development of hydrogen gas turbines that contribute to CO2 emissions reduction
 Fiscal 2018 Results
 • Deliveries of standard power generation facilities to overseas customers: 4 units • Deliveries of waste incinerators: 3 units
 Kawasaki Report 2019
29
  
Ship & Offshore Structure Main Products
• LNG carriers • LPG carriers • Bulk carriers • Jetfoils • Submarines
   Vision
A shipbuilding and offshore structure engineering group pursuing innovation
in cutting-edge fields with a focus on hydrogen technologies and low-tempera- ture, high-pressure gas technology, submarine technology, and overseas projects.
Yoshinori Mochida
President,
Ship & Offshore Structure Company
   Opportunities
• Increasing demand for vessels with low environmental burden due to tightened environmental regulations
• Recovery in carrier demand, owing to growing demand for LNG
• Greater automation, using IoT and AI
• Expanding operations to meet needs for an increasing fleet of submarines
Risks
• Increasingly fierce competition with China and South Korea
• Prolonged slump in shipping market
   Core Competence
 • Low-temperature and high-pressure gas-related technologies accumulated through the development and construc- tion of LNG and LPG carriers
• Quality and cost competitiveness of the overall Group, including Chinese joint ventures (NACKS, DACKS*)
• Energy-saving, environmental burden-reducing technologies, and ability to develop new ship designs
• Sophisticated technology specific to submarines
* NACKS, DACKS: Shipbuilding joint ventures established in Nantong, Jiangsu Province and Dalian, Liaoning Province, with China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited (China COSCO)
■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
98.3 94.8
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
LNG carrier
3.2%
-38.4%
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
103.2
95.6
-3.8 -3.9%
1.3%
1.0
● Before-tax ROIC
-23.4%
-21.3%
      Business Direction under MTBP 2019
• Rebuild merchant ship business, with emphasis on deeper integration of operations at Sakaide Works, NACKS and DACKS • Accelerate new product development and commercialization
• Steadily advance liquefied hydrogen carrier development
4.7
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
36.9
-21.4 -20.7%
81.1 78.9
  -7.9 -8.3%
    Operating Environment and Strategies
For two years—fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016—this business segment booked sizable losses, prompting business struc- ture reforms led by the president. The basic policy driving these reforms is to maintain gas-related vessels as our main business while moving the axis of merchant ship construction from Japan to China. We have made steady progress in reducing fixed costs in Japan and increasing
Jetfoil
our construction capacity in China. As large-scale LNG projects that had been stalled begin to firm up and various environmental regulations tighten, the market is expected to improve, and we aim to continue structural reforms.
In the merchant ship business, we will concentrate domestic construction at the Sakaide Works and reinforce base functions, such as human resource development and engineering, while promoting greater integration of opera- tions with our Chinese joint ventures through such approaches as taking orders together and dividing con- struction between us. These efforts will help sharpen our cost competitiveness and improve profitability. In addition, we will pursue sales expansion of our ship operation and performance analysis support system (SOPass), which com- bines ship-related knowledge accumulated by Kawasaki with big data technology. In addition, we will steadily the advance development of liquefied hydrogen carriers.
In the submarine business, we will reinforce our R&D framework, aiming to secure orders for next-generation submarines. At the same time, we will apply our accumu- lated wealth of submarine-related technologies to the development of such products as autonomous under water vehicles (AUVs).
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Ship & Offshore Structure Company is contributing to environmental conservation by promoting the spread of LNG-fueled ships and developing and building large hydrogen-fueled liquefied hydrogen carriers. Compared with heavy oil, the use of LNG enables substantial reduc- tions in emissions of atmospheric pollutants, such as nitrogen oxide (NOx) and sulfur oxide (SOx). By develop- ing and building a variety of LNG-fueled vessels, we are helping to meet NOx and SOx emissions regulations for ships to prevent air pollution over the sea. Furthermore, we are providing our LNG-fueled propulsion systems for ships constructed by other shipbuilders, and working to commercialize LNG fuel gas supply systems (FGSSs) to
promote the operation of environmentally friendly LNG- fueled vessels around the world. We are also developing high-capacity liquefied hydrogen carriers. As hydrogen emits no CO2 when used as fuel, it is the ultimate in clean energy. By commercializing the world’s first ships that can economically carry large volumes of hydrogen, Kawasaki will promote the spread of hydrogen energy and contribute to the realization of a CO2 emission-free society. In addition, we are developing hydrogen-fueled ship propulsion systems.
  Goals for the MTBP 2019
• Complete construction of a small liquefied hydrogen carrier (pilot ship) • Complete the development and commercialization of FGSSs
• Receive multiple orders for LNG-fueled ships
• Receive orders for FGSSs
 Fiscal 2018 Results
 • Developed a large LNG-fueled bulk carrier in January 2019 • Advanced construction of a small liquefied hydrogen carrier
 Kawasaki Report 2019
31
  
Rolling Stock Main • Electric train cars, including Shinkansen (bullet trains)
Products • Electric and diesel locomotives • Passenger coaches • Bogies
   Vision
The world’s most trusted rolling stock system supplier, moving and inspiring customers worldwide based on strong teamwork and the highest level of technology and quality.
   Opportunities
• Continuous brisk demand for subway and commuter train sys- tems in the North American market
• Brisk demand in emerging countries in Asia
• Firm replacement demand in the domestic market
• Expanding recurring demand, including that for components, maintenance, and repair and rebuild work across markets
Core Competence
Business Direction under MTBP 2019
Risks
• Manufacturers from emerging countries entering the North American market, sparking fierce price competition
• Country risk in new markets for Kawasaki
Kazutoshi Honkawa
President,
Rolling Stock Company
   • High-tech expertise built on comprehensive heavy industry strengths
• Ability to fulfill contracts cultivated from extensive domestic and overseas track record • Partnership capabilities with other companies in execution of overseas projects
■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
257.1
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
9.2 6.3%
● Before-tax ROIC 11.7%
3.0%
Type 6000 subway cars for the Kobe City Transportation Bureau
  158.5
141.7 136.0
3.4 2.5%
 132.1 146.6
137.1
124.6
      • Rebuild the quality control system, pursue orders with a thorough focus on profitability, and maintain and improve non-price competitiveness, leveraging outstanding technical expertise
• Steadily fulfill large orders already received in the North American market and work to secure orders in emerging Asian countries
• Aggressively develop highly profitable recurring revenue businesses that leverage our extensive track record of orders delivered and expand revenue across the rolling stock life cycle by reinforcing our core competence
-8.7%
-11.0%
-26.2%
-26.4%
   2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
-12.4 -13.7
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
Operating Environment and Strategies
Against a backdrop of economic development in emerging countries and transport infrastructure repair and rebuild work under way in developed countries, demand for roll- ing stock remains strong, especially overseas. At the same time, demand in recurring revenue businesses, including components and maintenance, is expanding. However, the entry of manufacturers based in emerging countries has intensified competition, necessitating approaches to boost profitability through enhanced non-price competitiveness and business model reform.
This business recorded significant losses in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. Taking this very seriously, we estab- lished the Rolling Stock Business Restructuring Committee, chaired by the president, to drasti-
cally reinforce project management and improve quality control.
Furthermore, based on a policy of putting quality before quantity, we will focus on projects in which we can dem- onstrate Kawasaki’s superiority while expanding recur- ring revenue businesses in Japan, aiming to increase profitability, which has been an issue.
In the North American market, we will steadily fulfill existing orders from such customers as the New York City Department of Transportation. We will also work to build a stable revenue base by commercializing track monitoring using IoT and focusing on such businesses as components, repair and rebuild, and maintenance.
The Asian market presents huge growth potential. In this market, we will seek business expansion through such means as securing orders for projects financed by
ODA loans in emerging countries in line with the Japanese govern-
ment’s policies of promoting exports of railway infrastructure.
Series 2700 limited express diesel railcar for Shikoku Railway Company
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Rolling Stock Company has designated as its vision for 2030 helping to build better global transportation infrastructure by manufacturing rolling stock that is safe and comfortable to ride in, highly reliable, highly cost efficient over its life cycle, and energy saving to minimize the burden on the environment. To this end, we will pro- mote participation in high-speed train projects at home and abroad and continue to provide rolling stock to cus- tomers in Japan, North America, and Asia while seeking to participate in projects to build new rolling stock infra- structure in emerging Asian countries. In addition, to
better meet customer needs, we will further develop monitoring technologies that combine sensing, image analysis, and IoT technologies; work to maintain and improve safety and dependability; improve train mainte- nance efficiency; and contribute to the realization of train systems boasting excellent cost efficiency over their entire life cycle.
 Goals for the MTBP 2019
• Execute large projects in North America (R211 cars for the New York City Subway) as planned
• Execute projects financed by ODA loans in Asia (Dhaka Metro MRT Line-6 in Bangladesh)
as planned
• Expand stock businesses to improve customer maintenance efficiency and maintain safe, dependable transportation
• Launch sales of components that leverage sensing and image analysis technologies and roll out component and service businesses aimed at improving maintenance efficiency
 Fiscal 2018 Results
 • Rolling stock units delivered: 474
• Conducted tests with railway companies aimed at launching sales of components that leverage sensing and image analysis technologies
  Kawasaki Report 2019
33
  
Motorcycle & Engine Main • Motorcycles • Utility vehicles • All-terrain vehicles (ATVs) Products • Personal watercraft (PWC) • General-purpose gasoline engines
   Vision
Guided by the “Kawasaki, working as one” philosophy, continue to grow as a manufacturer with primary focus on high-value-added domains in the power sports and general-purpose engine markets.
   Opportunities
Motorcycles
Risks
Motorcycles
Yuji Horiuchi
President,
Motorcycle & Engine Company
Utility vehicles
Ninja ZX-10RR
gasoline engines
Note: The unit pictured is a racing model
● Before-tax ROIC 14.1%
9.4% 8.4% 7.3%
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
• •
Medium- to long-term market expan- sion in emerging countries
Stable demand in developed countries and progress in the development of IoT applications, advanced safety fea- tures and other technologies
Expanding market in North America
Firm growth, reflecting U.S. housing market expansion
• Intensifying price competition in emerging markets
  • General-purpose •
• Tightening environmental regulations Utility vehicles • Intensifying price competition
• Rising materials prices and tariffs due to escalating U.S.-China trade friction
 Core Competence
 • Strong, clearly differentiated brands, such as Ninja and Z
• World-leading product development expertise
• Technological capabilities to develop and produce high-performance, high-quality products • Global production, sales, and service structure
■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
333.5
356.8
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
 313.0
331.6
4.7%
3.7% 15.7
11.7
4.5% 15.2
   4.0% 14.3
   Business Direction under MTBP 2019
• Increase product competitiveness by introducing new models and expanding the model lineup
• Improve profit margins by raising sales prices and cutting costs and control growth in fixed costs, especially R&D expenses • Promote inventory adjustment and other measures to increase free cash flows
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
     Operating Environment and Strategies
Markets in developed countries, especially for motorcy- cles in Europe and utility vehicles in the United States, are expected to continue to see stable growth, while strong medium- and long-term growth is expected in emerging markets. However, conditions are growing more challenging, as raw materials costs and tariffs increase, reflecting U.S.-China trade tensions, and new manufactur- ers in emerging countries enter markets. As such, Kawasaki needs to improve its productivity.
In this environment, we will anticipate the needs of cus- tomers and draw on world-class product development expertise and our strong, highly differentiated brands, such as Ninja and Z, to quickly bring attractive, highly competi- tive models to market. At the same, we will work to estab- lish Kawasaki as a high-end brand through such means as customer relationship management. Furthermore, we will implement initiatives aimed at establishing and strengthen- ing systems to control and streamline our global manage- ment resources from the perspective of overall optimization. By implementing this and other strategies, we will strengthen our financial platform (increase the operating income margin and free cash flow).
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Motorcycle & Engine Company has designated as its vision for 2030 developing, manufacturing and delivering environmentally friendly motorcycles, as well as models with “fun-to-ride” appeal and advanced rider-support fea- tures. To realize this vision, in line with the philosophy that drives product development at Kawasaki, the con- cepts of “Fun to Ride,” “Ease of Riding,” and “Better Environmental Performance,” we are working to improve motorcycle performance, enhance rider-support features,
MULE PRO-MX
and respond to tougher exhaust gas, noise, and other environmental regulations. With regard to C-ITS* func- tions, Kawasaki has joined the Connected Motorcycle Consortium, established by the motorcycle industry to focus on development, and aims to put C-ITS-compliant motorcycles on the market as soon as possible. In electric motorcycles, hybrid motorcycles, and other motorcycles powered by clean energy, we are building and evaluating
the performance of prototypes with an eye to future busi- ness development.
* C-ITS: Cooperative Intelligent Transport Systems
 Goals for the MTBP 2019
 • Realize comfortable and convenient transportation by launching connected motorcycles with data transmission functions and help users ride with confidence by adopting rider support functions
• Clear the EU’s strict emissions regulations and other environmental regulations around the world
• Every fiscal year, achieve at least a 1.5% average increase in WMTC* fuel economy on new models over the previous models
* WMTC: Worldwide-harmonized Motorcycle Test Cycle
 Fiscal 2018 Results
• Ninja H2 SX: Achieved excellent fuel economy and low emission levels with world-class engine performance
• Versys 1000: Achieved smoother power delivery with a new electronic throttle control sys- tem. Cleared the EU’s Euro5 exhaust gas standard. A new electronic cruise control maintains the selected speed with the push of a button, helping reduce rider fatigue and increase enjoy- ment on long rides.
• 2019MY Ninja H2 SX SE+ and Versys 1000 SE: Realized smartphone connectivity. The “RIDEOLOGY THE APP” enables users to set their riding mode and receive alerts of incoming calls or messages on the motorcycle’s LCD display for more pleasant riding.
  34 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 35
  
Precision Machinery & Robot Main • Hydraulic components for construction machinery • Hydraulic components for agricultural machinery • Hydraulic components and systems for industrial machinery Products • Hydraulic steering gears for marine products • Hydraulic deck machinery for marine products • Industrial robots • Medical and pharmaceutical robots
 Vision
The world’s top brand in motion control, creating and providing total solutions for providers of medical and healthcare services as well as for industry, including automobiles, construction machinery, and electronic equipment, with a focus on hydraulic components and robots boasting a level of performance and quality far surpassing that of any rival.
  Opportunities
Risks
Hydraulic machinery
Robots
  Hydraulic machinery
Robots
• Expanding demand due to world- wide infrastructure building, mainly in emerging countries
• Increasing fields of application through the realization of collabo- ration with humans in working operations
• Rising demand aimed at eliminating labor shortages and improving quality
• Progress in use of robots beyond industrial applications (such as med- ical treatment and nursing care)
• Shift to in-house production of hydraulic machinery by construction machinery manufacturers and mar- ket entry of manufacturers from emerging countries
• Rapid cooling of the Chinese construction equip- ment market
• Delayed recovery in the marine hydraulic equip- ment market due to sluggish conditions in the ship- building industry, and intensifying price competition
• Increasingly fierce price competition with rival companies
• Prolonged stagnation in semiconductor markets
 Core Competence
 Hydraulic machinery
Robots Shared
• Accumulated world-class, leading-edge technology, systemization capabilities and brand power for excavator hydraulic machinery
• Ability to respond to customer requests
• Ability to develop applications and make system proposals matched to diverse customer requirements • Global service structure
• New product development capabilities in the field of motion control based on the integration of hydraulic technologies and robotics
Business Direction under MTBP 2019
  Hydraulic machinery
Robots
• Maintain and expand high share of excavator market, pursue sales expansion in construction and agricul- tural machinery sectors, and advance product and market development with an awareness of mega-trends
• Existing customer sectors: Increase market share by expanding the scope of applications for the automo- tive industry, line building operations, and sales in the human-robot collaborative product field
• New customer sectors: Integrate robotics with IoT/AI technologies to establish new businesses, develop products based on synergies with hydraulic technologies, and launch and expand sales of robotically assisted surgical devices
   Yasuhiko Hashimoto
President,
Precision Machinery & Robot Company
■ Orders Received ■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
207.1
166.8 155.2 133.1 133.1
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
BX300 spot welding robot
22.9%
225.2 222.0 198.9
10.8% 21.6
9.6% 21.3
● Before-tax ROIC
13.4% 9.5%
19.8%
      6.4% 8.5
8.4% 13.1
     2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
duAro collaborative Dual-Arm SCARA Robot
  Operating Environment and Strategies
Sales of hydraulic machinery for the construction equip- ment market are expected to steadily grow over the medium and long terms in line with growing infrastruc- ture development, mainly in emerging countries, even if market conditions change in the short term.
Kawasaki is the leader of the global market for excavator- use hydraulic machinery. Going forward, we will maintain and expand our market share by leveraging world-class, leading-edge technology, the ability to turn such technolo- gy into systems, our brand strength, and responsiveness to customer needs. We will also actively explore promis- ing new businesses, such as construction and agricultural machinery beyond excavators, to realize further growth and improve stability in segment performance.
In the industrial robot business, we expect demand
in existing customer sectors to continue expanding to offset labor shortages and achieve higher quality. We also predict that robots will be used in a wider range of applications, including in collaboration with humans in work operations as well as in medical treatment and nursing care.
In existing customer sectors, we will expand applica- tions for automakers, create products for EV and HV man- ufacturing, expand line building operations, and expand sales of duAro, a robot designed to collaborate with humans in work operations. In addition, we will expand sales and market share by providing solutions that draw on the Group’s experience accumulated through robot development for a wide range of applications within the
Kawasaki Group and by enhancing the sales and service structure. In new customer sectors, we aim to establish new business fields by integrating robotics with IoT/AI, as with Succcessor,* and to commercialize the robotically assisted surgical devices currently in development at Medicaroid, a joint venture with Sysmex Corporation.
We will continue to pursue synergy by integrating hydraulic machinery and robot production and develop- ing new products combining the technologies of each. By doing so, we will reinforce the businesses of the Precision Machinery & Robot Company as a whole.
* Successor: Technology in which expert engineers use remote controls with kinesthetic feedback to safely operate robots and perform tasks. The robots memorize these movements, which they can then convey to
the next generation of operators. Using AI to learn from
recorded inputs, the system can also generate automated operational programs.
Hydraulic motor M7V (left) Hydraulic pump K8V (right)
 36 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 37
  
   Message from the Chairman of the Board
     Free, Open Discussion Makes Our Governance More Effective
The Kawasaki Group got its start in the shipbuilding business. Over the decades, by evolving in step with its stakeholders and the changing needs of society, the Group ventured into the roll- ing stock and aircraft businesses and then a wide range of other fields, such as energy and environmental engineering, industrial equipment, and motorcycles, developing into a comprehensive heavy industries enterprise.
Today, under the Group Mission, “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet,” we ambitiously strive to solve a wide range of social issues, using our wealth of technological prowess accumulated over the Group’s 120-year history while helping to realize a sustainable society, as touted in the Sustainable Development Goals, and increasing our enterprise value.
Such global-scale social issues as climate change are growing more serious, and Kawasaki’s business environment is rapidly changing. For the Kawasaki Group to grow going forward, it is essential that top management have an accurate understanding of the issues at hand and make decisions quickly. We must therefore strengthen our corporate governance to ensure that Group management meets stakeholder expectations by consis- tently making the best choices.
Based on this understanding, we are advancing a number of initiatives to build and reinforce corporate governance systems appropriate for the Group on an ongoing basis.
Specifically, on April 1, 2018, we revised the director and executive officer system, more clearly separating management execution from oversight and increasing the number of outside directors by one to reinforce the business execution oversight function of the Board of Directors.
Furthermore, at Board of Directors meetings, the directors and audit & supervisory board members, including independent out- side officers, each engage in discussion based on their unique insight and experience and we strive to reach sound manage- ment decisions. When formulating the MTBP 2019, in addition to discussions at Board of Directors meetings, we held meetings with the directors, audit & supervisory board members, and executive officers about medium- and long-term management issues, seeking to enhance discussion.
We value the entire process leading to final decisions, in which all participants can freely share their views, regardless of their position, and seek to reach decisions based on thorough discus- sion. This kind of free and open culture is part of the unique character of the Kawasaki Group. Leveraging this, we aim to deepen discussions about corporate governance and build effec- tive systems that are appropriate for the Kawasaki Group.
Shigeru Murayama Chairman of the Board
Kawasaki Report 2019
39
 Goals for the MTBP 2019
• Establish production sites and stable supply systems that are globally optimized in terms of cost, quality and delivery time and further expand sales in the construction, agricultural, man- ufacturing and marine machinery fields in order to make Kawasaki products the global stan-
• dard by supplying our hydraulic machinery and systems to customers around the world. Establish firm foundations in new businesses, such as high-pressure hydrogen regulators for
• automobiles and fields based on synergies with the robot business Hydraulic machinery production and delivery volume: 940,000 units
 Fiscal 2018 Results
• Hydraulic machinery production and delivery volume: 720,000 units
 Goals for the MTBP 2019
• Increase our market share with existing automotive sector customers, reinforce proposition capabilities for line building solutions, expand sales channels for general production equip- ment in China, expand sales of robots for use in collaborative work with humans, and intro-
• duce robotically assisted surgical devices in the medical field
Promote the integration of IoT, AI and robotics technologies and the development of products
• based on synergies with hydraulics technologies Robots delivered: 40,000
 Fiscal 2018 Results
• Robots delivered: 20,000
   Initiatives to Create Social Value
Precision Machinery Business Division
The Precision Machinery Business Division has designat- ed the following as its vision for 2030.
• Make Kawasaki hydraulic machinery and systems the
global standard by expanding sales to customers around
the world and achieve stable production and supply
• Support the development of next-generation of human-
and environment-friendly construction machinery through Kawasaki products to contribute to the improve- ment of infrastructure, mainly in emerging countries
• Promote the development and sale of energy-saving products, hydrogen-oriented products and renewable energy-oriented products to contribute to the reduction of environmental burden
• Combine new technologies, such as ICT, IoT and AI, with Kawasaki’s robot technology and hydraulic control technology to create new value
Hydraulic pump for construction machinery
To achieve this vision, we are working to establish sys- tems for stable production and supply and advancing R&D into hydraulics systems aimed at creating ICT-linked, automated and unmanned next-generation construction machinery for customers while advancing product devel- opment and sales in the pursuit of full-scale entry into agricultural machinery and industrial vehicle sectors. In addition, following the adoption of our high-pressure hydrogen regulator by a European automaker, we
have commenced primary mass-production and are
now advancing development toward secondary mass- production. Also of note, total sales of Eco-Servo, an energy-saving and low-noise hydraulic hybrid system, have reached 4,000 units, and we are working on a com- pact electro-hydraulic actuator for humanoid robots, as well.
 Robot Business Division
The Robot Business Division has designated as its vision for 2030 improving access to high-quality medical care through the development of medical robots in developed countries facing demographic graying as well as using robot technology to support medical supplies production, nursing and medical care and the development of therapies and treatments that reduce the physical burden on patients while developing and manufacturing robots that collaborate with humans in work operations and making them intelli- gent enough to help address labor shortages, mainly in developed countries. To achieve this vision, we have
positioned medical robots as a business that will support aging societies and established Medicaroid Corporation—a joint venture with Sysmex Corporation—through which we are developing robotically assisted surgical devices and applied robots using industrial robot technology with the goal of creating new businesses. We also seek to promote collaboration with humans in work operations, focusing mainly on duAro—our Dual-Arm SCARA Robot—to cultivate demand for greater automation at manufacturing sites.
 38
Kawasaki Report 2019

      Messages from the Outside Directors
     The Kawasaki Group appoints outside directors who are capable of providing appropriate opinions and advice from an objective perspective independent of the Group’s business execution based on abundant experience and specialized knowledge in fields other than those in which the Company operates.
The outside directors strive to strengthen their oversight function by providing opinions and advice that apply this perspective. Furthermore, they proactively take part in governance and provide guidance by such means as serving as the presiding officers of the Compensation Advisory Committee and Nomination Advisory Committee. By including the opinions of outside directors with diverse backgrounds in management, Kawasaki is further strengthening its corporate governance.
Striving to help increase enterprise value by voicing the perspectives of the capital markets and investors
Kawasaki boasts a long tradition of developing businesses backed by strong technological prowess. Today, however, as society changes at an accelerating pace, management decisions must be made faster than ever before. In light of this, Kawasaki is working to build frame- works that will facilitate quicker response to change and promoting innovation in its corporate culture even as it pursues initiatives in new fields, such as robotics and hydrogen. Discussions at Board of Directors meetings are very lively, and we are moving forward with considerations related to enhancing governance, as well. Having been involved during a period of great change in the management of a securities exchange that, like Kawasaki, has a long history, I have seen first-hand the importance of quickly responding to changes in the business environment and how an organization can decline if fails to do so. As such, I commend Kawasaki for its efforts in this area, which represent an effort to adapt to the changing times.
However, I think that reinforcing our ability to effect total optimiza- tion, including that achieved by bringing together the technological strengths Kawasaki has in various fields to create synergy, as well as changing frameworks and mindsets to increase earnings power, remain as tasks going forward. These issues are reflected in Kawasaki’s stock price, which serves as a mirror for the Company. The Board of Directors discussed these issues at length when formu- lating the new medium-term business plan, and we were able to include addressing them as major focuses. If Kawasaki can raise prof- its, create new technologies, and balance the cycle of the two, I am confident that it will be able to fully leverage its conglomerate advan- tage and grow. Based on my experience in the financial industry, I will do my utmost to avoid being caught up in the conventional wis- dom of the manufacturing industry as I proactively voice the perspec- tives of capital markets and investors with regard to organizational reform and new business development to contribute the improve- ment of Kawasaki’s enterprise value.
Transforming society through innovation,
with corporate heritage as a compass
Today, as expanded capitalism and globalism near turning points, the very nature of manufacturing is on the verge of great change. This includes the creation of products and manufacturing processes with a greater focus on sustainability, a growing shift from merely selling products to businesses that also encompass ser- vices and operations, and the systemization of value chains via the integration of diverse information. To grow when the future outlook is so unclear, it is important to understand society’s needs and leverage a wealth of ideas to find the way for- ward to dramatic innovation.
At such a time, I believe that companies must deeply examine their purpose in society and use their unique corporate heritage as an important compass in order to move forward. Kawasaki now aims to use the cutting-edge technologies it has honed to create new value and contribute to the development of society. By thus putting into practice its motto of “Changing Forward,” Kawasaki seeks to take on major social responsibilities and develop further in the coming era. What is Kawasaki’s heritage? Looking toward the future, what aspects of its heritage should it hold firm, what should it alter, and how should it take on the changes to come? Faced with tremendous change, I hope that Kawasaki will deeply consider these questions as it charts a vision for the future, rooted in its heritage, and come together with those who share that vision to transform society.
While people go on about VUCA,* history is continuous, and there are certain inevitabilities in the way it unfolds. Based on my experience working for more than 40 years in manufacturing and technological development within the glass industry, I think that if we can be sensitive to and suss out these inevitabilities, create the differentiation that is the key to dramatic innovation, and fully map out victory sce- narios before making decisions, results will surely follow. Going forward, I hope to support bold decision-making focused on Kawasaki’s heritage and its future and aiming for corporate transformation.
* VUCA: Volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity
Focusing on risk management as a
global conglomerate
Kawasaki is famous in America for its motorcycle business, so that was my image of Kawasaki before joining. I have been an external Director of Kawasaki Heavy Industries for one year and now truly appreciate its diversity of business lines and global footprint. For most of my career, I worked internationally as a financial ser- vices lawyer and understand the business benefits of having a global business as well as the complexity and different risk profile this brings.
Kawasaki operates in many countries, so it is subject to many types of risks at the country and global level. As the speed of information exchange and availabili- ty of data increases, it becomes easier to track global developments and risks more effectively.
As a conglomerate, Kawasaki’s corporate governance system must oversee and manage the growth of each of its six unique businesses in various countries while assessing and balancing the level of risk exposure to create the best return for all its stakeholders. With higher legal complexity and more competition in the global mar- ket, it is necessary to ensure that there is an ability to centrally track and anticipate challenges that will occur. I believe that the Kawasaki management is focused on the right things from a risk management perspective, including pursuing efficient and systematic tracking of risks centrally, identifying synergies across businesses that can improve competitiveness and reduce costs, creating a global compliance frame- work and re-assessing the best business model for how to better centrally integrate its risk assessment while allowing for each company to grow within its specialty.
Yoshiaki Tamura Outside Director
Director, DIC Corporation
       Michio Yoneda
Outside Director
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd. Director (Outside Audit and Supervisory Committee), Asahi Broadcasting Corporation
     40 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 41
Jenifer Rogers
Outside Director
General Council, Asia, Asurion Japan Holdings G.K.
Director, Mitsui & Co., Ltd.
Director, Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.

Corporate Governance
  Basic Stance on Corporate Governance and Initiatives to Date
Corporate Governance System
Kawasaki adopts the statutory auditor system with a Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board, and appoints an independent auditor. The Company also maintains the discretionary Nomination Advisory Committee, Compensation Advisory Committee, Management Committee, and Executive Officers Committee. The composition and role of each of these organizations are described below.
Guided by the Group Mission “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet,” the Kawasaki Group has established a corporate governance system centered on directors and audit & supervisory board members, with content appropriate for the global activities that the Group undertakes, and takes efforts to further improve the system. The basic stance on corporate governance for the Group as a whole is to raise enterprise value through effective and sound management while forming solid relationships with all stakeholders, includ- ing shareholders, customers, employees, and communities, through highly transparent management practices.
Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance
 Year
Initiative
 2001
• Adopted the executive officer system
• Reduced the number of directors from 26 to 11
 2002
• Increased the number of outside audit & supervisory board members to two
• Adopted a performance-based compensation system
2005
 • Abolished the retirement benefit system for directors
2013
 • Appointed an outside director
  2015
• Increased the number of outside directors to two
• Took steps in response to the introduction of Japan’s
Corporate Governance Code
• Established the Nomination Advisory Committee and
Compensation Advisory Committee
• Began evaluations of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
2016
 • Added stock purchase funds to director’s compensation
  2017
• Increased the number of outside audit & supervisory board members to three
• Revised matters requiring resolution by the Board of Directors (expanding the scope of delegation
to executives)
2018
 • Increased the number of outside directors to three • Revised the director and executive officer system
2019
 • Reduced the number of directors from 12 to 11
  Number of Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Ratio to Total Officers (As of June 26, 2019)
• Board of Directors
The Board of Directors comprises 11 directors (authorized number: 18), with the chairman serving as the presiding officer. The number of outside directors (independent offi- cers, as required by the Tokyo Stock Exchange) is three. The outside directors are independent of any role in the execution of business activities. Furthermore, the Nomination Advisory Committee and Compensation Advisory Committee have been established as advisory bodies to the Board of Director in an effort to strengthen its transparency and objectivity of the Board of Directors. A majority of the committees’ members are outside officers, and the presiding officers of each are outside directors. The Nomination Advisory Committee dis- cusses such matters as policy regarding the appointment of directors and audit & supervisory board members and the appropriateness of candidates for such positions. The Compensation Advisory Committee discusses such matters as director compensation policy and the appropriateness of the director compensation system. These committees provide reports and advice to the Board of Directors.
• Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises five audit & super- visory board members (authorized number: five). To ensure the reliability of financial reports, the Company appoints internal audit & supervisory board members who have con- siderable knowledge of finance and accounting. Furthermore, to ensure the objectivity and neutrality of the supervisory function, the Company appoints three outside audit & supervi- sory board members (independent officers, as required by the Tokyo Stock Exchange) with no business relationships or other vested interests in the Company. The internal and outside audit & supervisory board members share information closely and work to enhance the Audit & Supervisory Board’s super- visory function.
Key Internal Committees Other than the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board
 Nomination Advisory Committee
 • An advisory body on the nomination of directors and audit & supervisory board members
 Compensation Advisory Committee
 • An advisory body on the compensation of directors
 Management Committee
 • Includes executive directors and internal company presidents
• Assists the president as an advisory body with regard to Group management
• Discusses important Group management policy, management strategy and management issues
 Executive Officers Committee
• Comprises all executive officers appointed by the Board of Directors
• Conveys business execution policy based on management policy and management plans determined mainly by the
Board of Directors and the Management Committee
• Venue for communicating necessary and important information regarding business execution and exchanging opinions
 Corporate CSR Committee
 • Discusses and decides on basic policy and important matters related to CSR for the Group as a whole and monitors implementation
 Corporate Risk Management Committee
 • Discusses and identifies important issues pertaining to risk management for the Group as a whole and monitors implementation
 Major Project Committee
  • Assesses risk and considers appropriate responses before the acceptance of major projects
 Project Risk Management Committee
 • Regularly follows up on major projects during execution
     2000
(0/26)
(1/3)
2000
2001
(0/11)
(1/3)
2013 2019
(1/10) (3/11)
(2/4) (3/5)
: Internal
2019
The Kawasaki Group’s Governance Structure (As of June 26, 2019)
General Meeting of Shareholders
   Resolution on appointment
Directors (Board of Directors)
Audit
Appointment
Resolution on appointment
Audit
Resolution on appointment
Independent auditor
Audit
   Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Audit & Supervisory Board)
        : Outside
Nomination Advisory Committee Compensation Advisory Committee
Consultation/ Advice
Consultation/ Advice
Supervision
Mutual cooperation
 President
Discussion
Instruction
Report
Auditing Department
   Key Internal Committees
Report
  Management Committee
  Major Project Committee
Project Risk Management Committee
 Confirmation
Instructions
Discussion
Audit
Audit
Instruction
Business operation execution divisions (Head Office, internal companies)
    Executive Officers Committee
  Outside officers..................................3.4% Women........................................................... 0 Non-Japanese nationals........................... 0
Outside officers ....37.5% Women................................ 2 Non-Japanese nationals.. 1
  Corporate CSR Committee Corporate Risk Management Committee
 42 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 43
Inspection
Affiliated companies
 CSR Committees, Risk Management Committees (Head Office, internal companies)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Directors

  Evaluation of the Board of Directors’ Effectiveness
The Company strives to ensure that directors and audit & supervisory board members, including independent outside directors and audit & supervisory board members, engage in free, vigorous discussion based on their insights and experience at meetings of Kawasaki’s Board of Directors and reach appropriate management decisions. As part of these efforts, since fiscal 2015, the Company annually evaluates and analyzes the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Evaluation Method
The fiscal 2018 effectiveness evaluation was, as in previous years, carried out as follows.
Structure of Director Compensation
Composition of Director Compensation (Excluding Outside Directors)
Compensation Composition (assuming 8% Before-tax ROIC)
Stock purchase f
  Basic compensation
  Based on position and responsibilities.
  Performance-based compensation
 Linked mainly to net income attributable to owners of the parent (“net income”), consolidated ROIC and the ROIC of internal companies.
   Stock purchase funds
Each month, a fixed monthly amount is paid to the directors for contribu- tion to a stock ownership plan for the purpose of aligning directors’ inter- ests with those of shareholders and incentivizing directors to enhance medium- to long-term enterprise value. This entire amount is contributed to the officers’ stock ownership plan in order to purchase shares of the Company on a continuous basis.
   (1) A survey of all directors and audit & supervisory board members, based on advice from outside experts was made*
(2) The survey results were aggregated and analyzed by out- side experts
Evaluation Results and Response
The Board of Directors’ discussion found that the Board’s effectiveness was appropriately ensured, based on such fac- tors as its resolutions having been reached after active dis- cussion among both the internal and outside members.
However, regarding the further enhancement of the Board of Directors’ oversight function, the directors and audit & super- visory board members provided multiple opinions related to such considerations as the Board’s composition and the topics it should discuss, sharing their understanding of tasks for the Board. The Board will continue to engage in discussion from various viewpoints and work to increase its effectiveness.
Corporate Officer Compensation
Kawasaki’s Approach to Corporate Officer Compensation
(3) The aggregated information and analysis results were dis- cussed at a Board of Directors meeting
* A survey comprising questions mainly about the overall operation of the Board of Directors and its discussions, designed with regard to the Company’s particular characteristics
Initiatives to Address Issues Identified in Previous Years
The main initiatives implemented in fiscal 2018 to address issues identified by previous evaluations of a Board of Directors’ effectiveness were as follows.
• To reinforce the Board of Directors’ oversight function, the
number of outside directors was increased by one, with consideration given to ensuring the Board’s diversity (in terms of nationality, gender, professional background, etc.). In addition, the Company revised its director and executive officer system, clarifying the respective roles of directors
• and executive officers.
To enhance discussion of medium-to-long-term manage- ment issues, when formulating the medium-term business plan, in addition to discussions at Board of Directors meet- ings, the participants of these meetings (directors and audit & supervisory board members) held meetings with the executive officers several times, taking ample time and cre- ating opportunities for deeper discussion.
Performance-Based Compensation Indicators
Activities of the Board of Directors and Compensation Advisory Committee
   Indicator
Reason for Selection
 Net income
Net income, which funds dividends, was selected as an indicator to incentivize directors to increase shareholder value.
 Consolidated ROIC
Consolidated ROIC was selected as an indicator because Kawasaki has made ROIC management a part of its basic management poli- cy and aims to achieve ROIC of 8% or above.
Internal Company ROIC
 Internal company ROIC was selected as an indicator because Kawasaki aims to achieve ROIC of 8% or above at each internal company.
     The compensation system for Kawasaki directors and audit & supervisory board members is designed to promote sustained improvement in corporate performance and enterprise value, align the interests of corporate officers with those of shareholders, secure outstanding human resources, and ensure a level of compensation commensurate with the duties of the individual officer.
Director Compensation
Compensation for directors, excluding outside directors, con- sists of basic compensation, performance-based compensation and stock purchase funds.
Compensation for outside directors is set at a fixed level not tied to corporate performance, to ensure professional independence.
Directors’ compensation is set within the maximum total compensation for directors (¥1,200 million per year), as resolved at the 189th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (held on June 27, 2012). After receiving the results of deliberations by the Compensation Advisory Committee, the president, as delegated by the Board of Directors, decides director compensation in line with the Company’s internal rules. A majority of the members and the presiding officer of the Compensation Advisory Committee are outside officers.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
The compensation of audit & supervisory board members is set at a fixed level not tied to corporate performance to ensure professional independence. This compensation is determined by the Audit & Supervisory Board.
The total maximum compensation for audit & supervisory board members is ¥120 million per year (as resolved at the 194th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 28, 2017).
Notes: 1. The above numbers of officers include the directors (four, including one outside director) and audit & supervisory board members (one) who retired as of con- clusion of the General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2018.
2. Performance-based compensation paid in fiscal 2018 is based on fiscal 2017 performance.
Policy and systems related to director compensation are decided by resolution of the Board of Directors based on the deliberation of the Compensation Advisory Committee. A majority of the members and the presiding officer of the Compensation Advisory Committee are outside officers.
The Compensation Advisory Committee meets once a month, in principle. In fiscal 2018, the committee met 11 times. In addition the matters described above, the committee discussed the form of the corporate officer compensation system going forward.
Note: For more information about the members of the Compensation Advisory Committee and their meeting attendance, please refer to page 46.
Corporate Officer Compensation
The following table provides a breakdown of fiscal 2018 corporate officer compensation.
  Type of officer
Total compensation (millions of yen)
Total compensation by compensation type (millions of yen)
Number of individuals receiving compensation
 Basic compensation
  Performance-based compensation
  Stock purchase fund
  Directors (excluding outside directors)
  568
 408
 97
 62
  12
 Audit & supervisory board members (excluding outside audit & supervisory board members)
  70
 70
 —
—
 3
 Outside directors and outside audit & supervi- sory board members
 73
 73
 —
 —
 7
      44 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 45
unds
Performance- based compensation
25%
10%
Basic compensation
65%

Corporate officers (As of October 1, 2019) Directors
 Name Position Age
Years of Service
9
Nomination Advisory Board of Committee
Compensation Advisory Committee
Name Position Age
* Figures for fiscal 2018.
Nomination Advisory Compensation Board of Committee Advisory Committee Directors
Meetings Member- Meetings Member- Meetings
attended* ship attended* ship attended*
14/14 — — — —
Reasons for appointment
Directors
Meetings Member- Meetings Member- Meetings attended* ship attended* ship attended*
17/17 — — — —
Years of Service
Yasuhiko Hashimoto 1
Reasons for appointment
                    Shigeru
Murayama
Chairman of the Board 69 years old
Director
62 years old
         7
Mr. Murayama worked in technology and develop- ment in the Company’s aerospace business for many years. He assumed the office of Senior Vice President in 2010 and President in 2013. He has served as Chairman of the Board since 2016. Presently, as Chairman of the Board, he demon- strates outstanding leadership, contributing signifi- cantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
Newly appointed
Mr. Hashimoto worked in technology and develop- ment in the Company’s industrial robots business unit for many years. He was appointed Director and Managing Executive Officer in 2018. Presently, as Director, Managing Executive Officer and President of the Precision Machinery & Robot Company, he demonstrates outstanding leadership and is responsible for promoting Company-wide automation, contributing significantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
               Yoshinori
Kanehana
Representative Director
65 years old
Mr. Kanehana worked in technology and develop- ment in the Company’s rolling stock and overseas businesses for many years. He assumed the office of Senior Vice President in 2012 and Senior Executive Vice President in April 2016. He has served as President since June 2016. Presently, as President and Chief Executive Officer, he demon- strates outstanding leadership, contributing signifi- cantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
17/17
3
12/12
3
11/11
—
—
—
—
—
                     Kenji
Tomida
Representative Director
64 years old
11/11
Michio
Yoneda
Outside Director
70 years old
11/11
5
Mr. Tomida worked in finance and accounting and corporate planning at the Company and its overseas businesses for many years. He was appointed Senior Vice President in 2014 and Senior Executive Vice President in 2017. Presently, as Director, Vice President and Senior Executive Officer, he is in charge of Company-wide finance, accounting, and human resources, contributing significantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
17/17
3
12/12
3
3
Mr. Yoneda has served as President & CEO (Member of the Board) of Osaka Securities Exchange Co., Ltd., and Director & Representative Executive Officer and Group COO of Japan Exchange Group, Inc., and in other important posi- tions. He provides helpful opinions and advice on important management decisions based on his abundant management experience and deep insight into corporate governance from a stand- point independent from the Company’s business execution.
17/17
3
12/12
3
                      Sukeyuki
Namiki
Representative Director
64 years old
1
Mr. Namiki worked in technology and development in the Company’s aerospace business for many years. He was appointed Director and Managing Executive Officer in 2018. Presently, as Director, Vice President and Senior Executive Officer, he is in charge of Company-wide technology, production and procurement, Quality Control, and the Rolling Stock Company, contributing significantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
14/14
—
—
—
—
Yoshiaki
Tamura
Outside Director
64 years old
1
Mr. Tamura has served as Representative Director and Executive Vice President of Asahi Glass Co., Ltd. (now AGC Inc.), Deputy Leader of Overall Business Management, General Manager of Technology General Division, Deputy Leader of AGC Group Improvement Activities, and Executive Vice President, President of Glass Company and in other important positions. We have received help- ful opinions and advice on important management decisions based on his abundant management experience and deep insight into manufacturing from a standpoint independent from the Company’s business execution.
14/14
3
(Presiding officer)
8/9
3
(Presiding officer)
8/8
                      Tatsuya
Watanabe
Director
62 years old
—
Jenifer
Rogers
Outside Director
56 years old
1
14/14 —
— — —
3
Mr. Watanabe worked in technology and develop- ment in the Company’s plant and infrastructure business for many years. He was appointed Senior Vice President in 2016. Presently, as Director, Managing Executive Officer, and President of Energy System & Plant Engineering Company, he demon- strates outstanding leadership, contributing signifi- cantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
15/17
—
—
—
Ms. Rogers has served as an in-house lawyer and counsel at financial institutions in Japan and over- seas for many years. She provides helpful opin- ions and advice on important management decisions based on her extensive international experience and deep insight into legal affairs, compliance and risk management from a stand- point independent from the Company’s business execution.
              Katsuya
Yamamoto
Director
61 years old
2
Mr. Yamamoto worked in planning and finance and accounting in the Company’s plant and infrastruc- ture business as well as its precision machinery business for many years. He was appointed Senior Vice President in 2017. Presently, as Director, Managing Executive Officer, and General Manager of the Corporate Planning Division, he is in charge of overall corporate planning and investor relations, Corporate Communication, and the Ship & Offshore Structure Company, contributing significantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
17/17
—
—
—
—
Hiroyoshi
Shimokawa
Director
59 years old
Mr. Shimokawa worked in manufacturing and quality assurance in the Company’s aerospace business for many years. He was appointed Executive Officer in 2017 and has served as Managing Executive Officer since 2019. Presently, as Director, Managing Executive Officer, and President of the Aerospace Systems Company, he demonstrates outstanding leadership, contributing significantly to the Company’s business growth and the enhancement of its enterprise value.
    46 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 47

  Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Executive Officers
President and Chief Executive Officer
Yoshinori Kanehana Chief Executive Officer Vice Presidents and Senior Executive Officers
Kenji Tomida Assistant to the President, in charge of Finance & Accounting and Human Resources
Sukeyuki Namiki Assistant to the President, in charge of Technology, Production, Procurement, Quality Control, and Rolling Stock Company
Managing Executive Officers
Name Position Age
* Figures for fiscal 2018.
Years of Service
3
Board of Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board
Nomination Advisory Committee
Compensation Advisory Committee
Reasons for appointment
Meetings Meetings Member- Meetings Member- Meetings
            Mr. Fukuma worked in the Company’s plan- ning administration and finance and account- ing operations for many years and has substantial knowledge about finance and accounting. He is also very knowledgeable about the Company’s businesses, having worked in business planning related to the Company’s management and operations as Deputy General Manager of the Corporate Planning Division.
 Katsuyoshi
Fukuma
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
61 years old
attended*
17/17
attended*
17/17
ship attended*
— —
ship attended*
— —
             Akio
Nekoshima
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
61 years old
1
Mr. Nekoshima gained wide-ranging experi- ence working for Mizuho Bank, Ltd., including in international operations. Beginning in 2012, he worked for the Company in finance and accounting as well as marketing and overseas-related operations. He was appoint- ed an executive officer of the Company in 2014. He is very knowledgeable about the Company’s businesses, having served as General Manager of the Finance & Accounting Division and General Manager of the Marketing Division, and he has substantial knowledge about finance and accounting.
14/14
13/13
—
—
—
—
            Satoru
Kohdera
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
60 years old
—
Tatsuya Watanabe Katsuya Yamamoto
Ikuhiro Narimatsu Yoshinori Mochida Yasuhiko Hashimoto Takeshi Ohata Kazutoshi Honkawa Hiroyoshi Shimokawa Hiroshi Nakatani
Yuji Horiuchi
Executive Officers
Eiichi Harada Yoshihiro Uetake
Ichiro Kono
Akihisa Yamamoto Akira Matsufuji Mitsumasa Sato Makoto Shiota
Keigo Imamura Nobuhisa Kato Hidehiko Shimamura Shinji Fujita
Kouzou Tomiyama Hiroshi Ito
Yu Koshiyama Hiroshi Murao Osamu Kobayashi Akiyoshi Saiki
Naoki Murakami
Motohisa Amako
Fellows
Shinji Koga
Toru Nohisa Tsutomu Fujigaki Tatsuhiko Goi Tetsuji Yuasa
President, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
In charge of Corporate Planning, Investor Relations, Corporate Communication, and Ship & Offshore Structure Company, and General Manager, Corporate Planning Division
In charge of Risk Management, General Administration, CSR, and Compliance, and Senior Manager, Risk Management Office President, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
President, Precision Machinery & Robot Company, in charge of promoting automation
Vice President, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
President, Rolling Stock Company
President, Aerospace Systems Company
General Manager, Corporate Technology Division, Technical Institute, and Manufacturing Improvement Center, in charge of IT Strategy
President, Motorcycle & Engine Company
Deputy General Manager, Corporate Technology Division
Vice President, Aerospace Systems Company (in charge of Engine Business), and, in charge of Quality Control and KPS, and staff officer to Rolling Stock Company
Vice President, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
In charge of Plant Department and special mission staff officer to Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
Vice President, Rolling Stock Company
Vice President, Aerospace Systems Company(in charge of Aerospace segment)
General Manager, Marketing Division
General Manager, Planning & Control Division, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
General Manager, Finance & Control Division
General Manager, Precision Machinery Business Division, Precision Machinery & Robot Company
General Manager, Robot Business Division, Precision Machinery & Robot Company
General Manager, Human Resources Division
General Manager, Planning Division, Motorcycle & Engine Company
General Manager, Commercial Engine Project Division, Aerospace Systems Company
In charge of Sales Management, staff officer to Rolling Stock Company
General Manager, Commercial Aircraft Project Division, Aerospace Systems Company
Deputy General Manager, Corporate Technology Division, General Manager, System Technology Development Center Senior Manager, Energy System Division, and Senior Manager, CCPP Promotion Department, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
In charge of Technology, Plant Department, staff officer to Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
In charge of Production Improvement, Corporate Technology Division
In charge of Aircraft Engineering, Aerospace Systems Company
In charge of Helicopter Projects, Aerospace Systems Company
In charge of Gear System Technology, Aerospace Systems Company
In charge of Submarine & AUV Technology, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
  Atsuko
Ishii
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
61 years old
2
Mr. Kohdera has served as President of the Hyogo-ken Bar Association, Vice President of the Japan Federation of Bar Associations and in other important positions. He possesses a wealth of experience as an attorney and deep insight into legal matters. He is satisfactorily carrying out his role in auditing the Company from an independent standpoint as an outside audit & supervisory board member
17/17
17/17
—
—
—
         2
Ms. Ishii has served in important positions at the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, including Director-General of the Osaka Labour Bureau, Deputy Director-General, Director-General of the Equal Employment, Child and Family Policy Bureau, Director-General for General Policy and Evaluation, and Director-General of Social Welfare and War Victims’ Relief Bureau. She possesses a wealth of knowledge and insight regarding Japan’s labor administration and is satisfactorily carrying out her role in auditing the Company from an independent standpoint as an outside audit & supervisory board member.
17/17
17/17
—
—
—
—
          Mr. Saito has served in important positions at NSK Ltd., including Senior Vice President, Head of Corporate Planning Division HQ, Director, Representative, Executive Vice President, Head of Corporate Strategy Division HQ, and Crisis Management Committee Chairperson. He pos- sesses extensive management experience and deep insight into business planning, finance and accounting and risk management and is satisfac- torily carrying out his role in auditing the Company from an independent standpoint as an outside audit & supervisory board member.
 Ryoichi
Saito
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
69 years old
Newly appoint- ed
—
—
3 —
3 —
   48 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 49

 Compliance/Risk Management
Compliance Promotion Initiatives
  Basic Stance on Compliance
The Kawasaki Group Management Principles, part of the Kawasaki Group Mission Statement, extol the corporate virtue of “recognizing social responsibility and coexisting harmoni- ously with the environment, society as a whole, local commu- nities, and individuals,” and in the Kawasaki Group Action Guidelines, we ask each and every member of the Group to “earn the trust of the community through high ethical stan- dards and the example you set for others.”
We have established the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct and set ethical standards to be the basis of decisions. At the same time, the Regulations Concerning the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct, a set of internal rules, requires executives and employees to comply with the Code of Conduct.
Compliance Promotion Structure
The Corporate CSR Committee comprises all directors and audit & supervisory board members and is chaired by the Kawasaki president. The committee meets at least twice a year (three meetings in fiscal 2018). Its functions are to dis- cuss and determine measures to ensure that the Kawasaki Group fulfills its corporate social responsibilities and main- tains thorough compliance, and to monitor the achievement levels and status of compliance efforts. To ensure that the objectives of the Corporate CSR Committee extend to all cor- porate structures, at the head office and internal companies, business segment CSR committee meetings are held at least twice a year to promote compliance throughout the Group.
Compliance Promotion Structure
President
Corporate CSR Committee
Compliance Reporting and Consultation System
Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct
In July 2017, we established the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct as a set of ethical standards to guide the decision making of Kawasaki Group executives and employees. This code is a set of common conduct guidelines that all members of the Group must abide by, regardless of the situation or where in the world they are.
Compliance Guidebook
The Compliance Guidebook provides knowledge that is neces- sary and useful for ensuring thorough compliance within the Company in an easy-to-understand way. The guidebook is dis- tributed to all executives, employees, and temporary staff at all Group companies in Japan.
The Compliance Guidebook outlines the Group’s compliance system and activities as well as the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System, which serves as the Group’s internal whistle-blower system. The guidebook uses illustrations to present easy-to-understand examples of important compli- ance-related matters. It is divided into 20 sub-sections within
Employee Awareness Surveys
The Kawasaki Group implements periodic employee aware- ness surveys to monitor internal compliance violation risks. Recent surveys aimed at measuring compliance awareness
Basic Stance on Risk Management
In accordance with the Companies Act, the Kawasaki Board of Directors has adopted a basic policy for internal control sys- tems. Based on this policy, the Company’s Risk Management Regulations indicate that risks should be identified, classified, analyzed, and assessed and that risk management (avoidance, reduction, etc.) should be executed appropriately.
Responding to Major Risks
To undertake integrated risk management on a Group-wide basis, each year, divisions responsible for operations re-check for the presence of risks, identify major risks that have the potential to significantly impact operations (Group-level risks), and monitor responses to these risks. Furthermore, they spec- ify a few risk items from among those identified that require Group-wide response measures and specifically confirm the status of response to these at the Group-wide level.
With regard to individual risks associated with business execution, in accordance with such company regulations as
Risk Management Office
In recent years, risks to Kawasaki’s business activities have been growing rapidly, reflecting changes in society, such as the estab- lishment of systems in and outside Japan aimed at making cor- porate responsibility more explicit and stringent, growing trade friction, and the rising threat of cyber attacks. Accordingly, in addition to improving its business risk management systems, the
The Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct contains 12 sections under the theme “Acting Correctly” and 10 sections under the theme “Working with Stakeholders.”
six sections: “Securing the Trust of Customers and Business Partners,” “Matters to Be Observed as a Corporate Citizen,” “Data Protection,” “Handling Financial Transactions,” “The Workplace,” and “Responsibilities of Managers.” The guide- book also contains an index of the corresponding sections of the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct and serves as a text for increasing compliance awareness.
The Compliance Guidebook is used in internal compliance training and educational activities. Since the first edition was issued in 2003, its content has been constantly updated in light of evolving compliance requirements around the world.
among employees were implemented in 2008, 2011, 2014 and 2018. Survey results are analyzed and reflected in subse- quent initiatives.
In addition, to achieve sustained improvements in profit- ability and enterprise value, the Kawasaki Group Mission Statement identifies risk management as a guiding theme of the Kawasaki Group Management Principles.
the Major Project Risk Management Regulations, the relevant divisions must assess and analyze such risks in advance and fully consider appropriate responses. In particular, the Company practices even more thorough risk management for major projects with significant impact on operations, including that at the time of bidding and concluding agreements for such projects as well as regular follow-up by the Head Office and internal companies as needed after the project begins.
Kawasaki Group set up the Risk Management Office in April 2019 to carry out risk management, including early risk detec- tion, prevention, and damage minimization, on a global scale, thereby reinforcing the resilience of business activities.
          Instructions
Instructions
Reports
Reports
Reports
CSR Department (compliance)
Compliance departments
Coordination
Feedback and follow-up
Reporting and consultation
         Compliance Reporting and Consultation System (Whistle-blower System)
We have established the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System, with an outside lawyer acting as the contact, so that employees (including contract employees, temporary staff, and retired employees) of the Company and domestic consolidated subsidiaries can report or seek consul- tation regarding suspected violations of compliance practices relating to their operations.
Under the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System, employees report to or consult with an outside lawyer direct- ly. The lawyer then investigates to determine whether or not there is in fact a compliance problem, and if a problem is found, advises the Company on how to remedy it. Furthermore, the lawyer reports the results of this process back to the employee who used the system. During the inves- tigation, the employee’s name is not disclosed to the Company without his or her permission.
The Group works to ensure that employees know how to use this system by providing information on it via such means as the Company intranet, Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct pamphlets, Compliance Guidebooks and Group newsletters.
There were 29 reports or consultations made through the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System in fiscal 2018.
Number of Reports or Consultations (in fiscal 2018)
Instructions
Reports
Business segment CSR committees
    Business divisions (including affiliates)
Reporting and consultation, expressing opinions
Guidance, education and awareness raising
Employees
   Contents of report or consultation
 Cases
Abuse of authority
13
 Personnel matters
5
 Financial fraud
4
 Sexual harassment
 1
Blackmail and harassment
3
 Others
3
 Total
29
   50 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 51
Heads of business divisions (company presidents, etc.)
Note: The numbers of cases listed above refer to reports and consultations received, not those identified as actual compliance violations
Business divisions (headquarters, internal companies, etc.) Kawasaki Group

CSR Management and Human Rights
  Basic Policy on CSR
We believe the Kawasaki Group’s highest CSR priority is real- izing the Group Mission, “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet.” Accordingly, we actively identify global social issues and aim to solve them by providing products and services driven by innovation and the pursuit of synergies within the Group. In addition, to earn and maintain the trust of society, we have made it the Kawasaki Group’s basic policy on CSR activities to promote constructive dialogue with
CSR Activity Targets and Performance
In fiscal 2017, management defined CSR-related material issues for the Kawasaki Group to address and reviewed the CSR activity framework, positioning material issues related to the creation of social value through business as top priorities to be achieved over the long term and all other material issues as CSR issues that underpin the management founda- tion. Under the new framework, we have clarified the
Stakeholder Engagement
stakeholders and reinforce initiatives in such areas as ensur- ing fair business practices, preventing corruption, and promot- ing consideration of the environment and human rights.
Based on this policy, we have identified material issues that define the scope of our CSR activities, informing Group-wide CSR management. We will continue CSR-related efforts based on stakeholder expectations and demands and thereby rein- force our foundation for value creation.
divisions and individuals responsible for as well as our ideals and key performance indicators for key items related to the creation of social value through business and environmental, societal, and governance (ESG) issues. We monitor accomplish- ments related to these key items every year. We implement a plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle while working to enhance our CSR activities.
Identifying Material Issues
In light of increasingly diverse stakeholder expectations and demands and changes in the business environment, the Kawasaki Group has reexamined and organized the impacts that its corporate activities have on society in order to identify material issues.
We are handling the material issues identified based on the management approach defined under the GRI standards and have established KPIs that we use to regularly monitor progress.
Materiality Matrix of Items Identified
High
       Material issues
Social value created through our businesses
• Providing safe and secure, clean, and com- fortable movement of
• people and goods
• Creating clean energy
Improving social infra-
structure, especially in
• emerging countries
Responding to the needs of an aging society and a shortage of labor through automation
 • Stakeholder engagement
• Risk management
•
• Crisis management
• Political involvement
• Research and development
• Export control
Information security
• Customer relationship management
• Health and safety
• Diversity
• Human resource development
• Recycling-oriented society
• Society coexisting with nature
The foundation of our business activities
Topics not chosen as material issues but still worthy of constant attention
• Product liability/safety
• Corporate governance
• Compliance
• Anti-corruption measures • Supply chain management • Employee recruitment
• and retention Low-carbon society
• (business activities) Business and human rights
• Environmental management • Heightened awareness as
an environmentally friendly brand • Social contribution activities
• Low-carbon society
(product-based contributions)
   Importance to society and stakeholders
  WEB For more information about Kawasaki’s CSR activity targets and performance, please refer to Kawasaki’s website. https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/overview/outline.html
Low
Importance to Kawasaki High
  The Kawasaki Group actively acknowledges the expectations and requests of stakeholders and aims to create social value by meeting those expectations and requests through its business activities while working to raise enterprise value. Through stake- holder dialogue, we strive to enhance information disclosure, deepen communication and thus strengthen bonds of mutual trust.
Example Initiative
Kawasaki seeks to increase its enterprise value over the medium- to long- term by proactively engaging in dialogue with shareholders and investors to explain its business strategy and management policy while utilizing the insights gained from such dialogue in management. To this end, when shareholders or investors request a dialogue, the appropriate individuals, including directors and members of top management, meet with them. In addition, we conduct quarterly results briefings, business information ses- sions, plant tours and other informatory events on an ongoing basis.
In addition, the opinions, and beliefs of shareholders and investors gleaned from dialogues are reported to the Board of Directors as appropriate and necessary.
Business and Human Rights Initiatives
As value chains expand on a global scale, ensuring respect for the human rights of employees, suppliers, and all the other people involved in our businesses has become a more impor- tant focus that, in turn, increases the necessity of understand- ing and dealing with the human rights risks in Group-wide business activities.
The Kawasaki Group has enshrined respect for human rights in its business activities in the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct. In June 2019, we adopted the Kawasaki Group Human Rights Policy by resolution of the Board of Directors. This policy states that, in line with the United Nations Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights, the Group will fulfill its responsibilities related to respecting the human rights of the stakeholders impacted by the Group’s business activities.
To identify human rights risks in its business activities, in fiscal 2018, the Group implemented human rights risk assess- ments and impact assessments of its main businesses in coop- eration with the U.S.-based nonprofit Business for Social Responsibility (BSR).
Going forward, we will formulate and implement measures to mitigate the significant risks identified through these assessments.
WEB For more information about Kawasaki’s process of identifying material issues, please refer to Kawasaki’s website. https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/materiality.html
      WEB For more information about stakeholder engagement, please refer to Kawasaki’s website. https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/overview/stakeholder.html
52 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 53
WEB For more information about business and human rights initiatives, please refer to Kawasaki’s website. https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/employee/human_rights.html

Realizing a Low-carbon Society
 Within the material issues identified in fiscal 2017, we have designated “the realization of a low-carbon society (product-based contributions)” and “the realization of a low-carbon society (business activities)” as particularly important. These entail, respec- tively, reducing CO2 emissions by providing products with better environmental performance and reducing CO2 emissions through such initiatives as energy-saving in manufacturing processes. We are advancing corporate activities accordingly.
Below is a look at Kawasaki’s achievements related to these—CO2 reduction through product-based contributions and business activities—in fiscal 2018, as well as a review of the results of the activities of the recently concluded Ninth Environmental Management Activities Plan (fiscal 2016 to 2018) and the key initiatives of the new 10th Environmental Management Activities Plan (fiscal 2019 to 2021).
Realization of a Low-carbon Society: Product-based Contributions
To reduce CO2 emissions from business activities, Kawasaki has built energy-saving promotion structures for each busi- ness segment, and the entire Company is implementing a wide range of energy-saving initiatives.
Fiscal 2018 Result (non-consolidated) CO2 Emissions Reduction Effect through
Energy-saving in Business Activities
Saving Energy in Composite Parts Manufacturing Lines
Because of the strict quality requirements for composite mate- rials used in aircraft fuselages and components, these materials are manufactured in clean rooms with controlled air tempera- ture and humidity. Previously, the composite materials were manufactured on separate lines in multiple clean rooms. By increasing the speed of manufacturing on these lines and opti- mizing the processes, we reduced the manufacturing time required per component, thereby enabling production at the same pace as before with one fewer line. Stopping the unused molding and processing line and turning off the air condition- ing for its cleanroom yielded a reduction in annual CO2 emis- sions of approximately 2,900 tons.
Furthermore, the area in which the air conditioning was turned off is now being used to store components prior to assembly.
Energy Saving in Melting and Holding Furnaces
Melting and holding furnaces are a type of equipment used to melt down the aluminum materials for use in casting to pro- duce motorcycle engine parts. Aluminum materials are fed into the furnace, where they are melted by melting burner, and a holding burner maintains the temperature of the molten aluminum until it is scooped out. The lid on the opening through which the molten aluminum is scooped out was pre- viously opened and shut by hand. However, as it was not con- nected to the downstream scooping, it was simply left open whenever the furnace was in use, causing a great deal of heat dissipation and requiring the use of electric heaters to pre- vent the aluminum from cooling and solidifying.
Seizing the opportunity presented by the replacement of aging furnaces, we installed lids that are connected to the scooping apparatus to automatically open only when the aluminum is being scooped out, reducing heat dissipation. In addition, as a result of improvements to the efficiency of the holding burner and the heat insulation properties of the furnace’s refractory materials, the electric heaters are no longer necessary, reducing the furnaces’ electricity use by 95% and utility gas use by 35%, cutting annual CO2 emissions by approximately 130 tons.
   About 90% of CO2 emitted during the life cycles of our prod- ucts is released during their use after they are sold. The Company therefore seeks to realize a low-carbon society by providing products that emit less CO2 during use. In fiscal 2017, we established new rules for calculating the CO2 emis- sions reduction achieved through product-based contributions in order to better quantify the contributions of highly energy efficient products to the mitigation of global warming.
Calculations based on these rules found that the CO2 emis- sions reduction through products Kawasaki sold (non-consoli- dated basis) in fiscal 2018 was approximately 29.1 million tons. Large contributions were made by such products
as the Green Gas Engine, which boasts world-leading power- generation efficiency, and the M7V Series motors for HSTs,1 both of which are Kawasaki-brand Green Products.2
Clean rooms
Realization of a Low-carbon Society: Business Activities
In fiscal 2018, energy-saving initiatives reduced Kawasaki’s (non-consolidated) annual CO2 emissions by approximately 16,000 tons, bringing total CO2 emissions from business activ- ities to approximately 3,010,000 tons. Below are two exam- ples of energy-saving improvements.
Approximately 16,000 tons of CO2
    Composite parts manufacturing lines
 Product
Product
Product
Product
Product
      Fiscal 2018 Result (non-consolidated) Reduction of CO2 Emissions through
Product-based Contributions
Approximately 29.1 million tons of CO2
  Electricity Consumption Reduced by Shortening Manufacturing Times
Product
 1. HST: Hydrostatic transmission: A non-stage transmission comprising a hydraulic pump and hydraulic motors.
2. The details of Kawasaki-brand Green Products are disclosed on Kawasaki’s website:
Calculation Rules
• Products to be assessed: Kawasaki-brand Green Products, products that use waste, waste heat, and renewable energy, as well as cogeneration systems and rolling stock pertaining to modal shift, etc., were selected for assessment.
Molten aluminum
Green Gas Engine
M7V Series motors for HSTs
Holding burner
Melting burner
Opening
Molten aluminum is scooped out
A new automatic lid was installed
Lid
Electric heater
Made unnecessary after improvements
http://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/green_products/index.html#2018item
We launched the Kawasaki-brand Green Products* in-house registration program in 2013 for products that meet standards established by the Company related to energy efficiency and other factors. The number of registered products has continued increasing every year, reaching 54 in 2019.
3. Please refer to the “Guideline for Quantifying Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Contribution” (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, March 2018).
Under the Ninth Environmental Management Activities Plan (fiscal 2016–2018), we implemented energy-saving initiatives aimed at reducing CO2 emissions from business activities and cutting energy costs. While we achieved our target of reduc- ing annual resource and energy costs by 5% or more in all three years, we met our goal of reducing CO2 emissions per unit of net sales by 3% or more only in some years. Furthermore, we revised the rules for calculating the CO2 reduction effect of products to improve calculation accuracy,
realizing more correct information disclosure.
Under the 10th Environmental Management Activities Plan
(fiscal 2019–2021), we will consider the potential impacts on our businesses of risks and opportunities as we work to fur- ther reduce CO2 emissions by expanding the provision of products with low CO2 emissions and promoting further energy-saving improvements and energy reuse in our busi- ness activities. By doing so, we will ambitiously work to achieve major reductions in CO2 emissions.
54 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 55
Aluminum materials fed in
Aluminum materials
Refractory materials (entire furnace)
(Component storage)
   • Period of assessment: We have adopted a flow-based approach3 in which the period of assessment is the estimated useful life of products sold in a fiscal year, because the esti- mated useful lives of our products are long. This allows us to better calculate the difference in CO2 emissions between our products and industry standard class products over the entire period of use.
Simplified Cross-Section of a Melting and Holding Furnace
 Review of Activities under the Ninth Environmental Management Activities Plan and the Activities of the 10th Environmental Management Activities Plan
Productivity improved by shortening manufacturing times!
After improvement
Before improvement
Operating line
Operating line
Air conditioned
Air conditioned
Operating line
Operating line
Air conditioned
Air conditioned
Stopped line
Operating line
Climate control off
Air conditioned

Human Resource Strategies and Transforming the Company Organization and Culture/K-Win Activities
Basic Stance
The Kawasaki Group considers its employees to be its most valuable resource to fulfill the Group Mission and achieve its business targets. Under MTBP 2019, launched in fiscal 2019, we are implementing new human resource strategies to address tasks remain- ing from the previous business plan by making effective use of human resources with an eye to total business portfolio optimiza- tion, maximizing results by improving productivity, and realizing value creation by bringing together diverse insights.
Furthermore, to better ensure the achievement of the goals of MTBP 2019, we will work to create a corporate culture that will boldly face change through wide-ranging efforts, including human resource strategies. Specifically, under the banner of “Changing Forward,” we will implement the following initiatives to transform the Company organization and culture as well as K-Win Activities (short for Kawasaki Workstyle Innovation Activities) and the Win Project, while promoting diversity.
Key Tasks under MTBP 2019
Transforming the Company Organization and Culture/K-Win Activities—Kawasaki Win Project
Mindset Transformation
Nimbly responding to unpredictable changes in society and increasing customer value requires organizations that are speedier, flexible and innovative. As such, we are working to change mindsets within the Company and develop a workplace culture that enables employees to exercise their creativity to the fullest.
To enhance employee job satisfaction and promote mindsets conducive to ambitiously taking on transformation, we are promot-
  ing open communication in the workplace while improving underlying
personnel systems.
Checking organizational soundness using surveys and pro- moting intra-workplace communication using organizational development methods
Building relationships of trust between managers and subor- dinates through one-on-one meetings and promoting appro- priate career formation
Developing a corporate culture that promotes taking on chal- lenges and learning from failure
 Example Initiatives
• Enabling greater Company-wide mobility of human resources
• and the mingling of insight from in and outside the Company
Promoting more active internal communication, mainly con-
• necting top management with employees
Insight exchange using co-working spaces aimed at fostering innovative mindsets
Operational Transformation
The working population in Japan is expected to rapidly decline in the coming decades. In preparation for this, we are working to implement more effective and efficient ways of working and workstyle reforms to maximize results and increase earnings power.
To further increase the added value our businesses create, we are advancing digital innovation across the value chain,
Example Initiatives
• Workstyle reforms and initiatives to analyze and improve • work processes
Digitize and streamline administrative work, such as accounting and personnel functions
• • •
 Vision for Our People and Organization under MTBP 2019
  • Respond to changes in the environment by proactively changing and continu- • ously taking on new challenges
• Implement effective ways of working to maximize results
Realize self-directed, strong individuals and dynamic, cohesive organizations
      Organizational Transformation
  Reconstruct cross-organizational functions and management systems for total optimization
• Develop governance and internal company systems suited to Kawasaki
• Strengthen Company-wide strategy formulation and business management functions • Develop succession plans for the next generation of management leaders
  Mindset Transformation
   Establish a culture to face evolving challenges
• Promote diversity to foster open communication incorporating diverse insights and human resources • from in and outside the Company
Establish personnel systems to emphasize speed and positive, ambitious change
  Operational Transformation
  Make structures leaner through effective, efficient business operations
• Advance process visualization, seamlessness, and quality assurance throughout management by pro- • moting digital innovation across the value chain (currently advancing initiatives in the robot business)
Standardize and concentrate operations to increase quality and speed (currently advancing initia- tives in human resources and accounting)
  streamlining design processes for system integration products, mainly transportation equipment, and improving processes in all types of non-manual work. Furthermore, with regard to the internal systems that support our businesses, we will advance streamlining using IT and standardization via concentration, thereby reinforcing the management of global business information.
• Improving workplace environments by introducing remote • work systems
• Improving efficiency of email and meetings
Make non-manual work performance easier to see and mea- sure as a cornerstone for process improvement
    Promoting Diversity and Inclusion
We believe that fostering recognition among employees that all employees are unique individuals with their own values as well as mutual respect based on this understand- ing is essential to becoming a more innovative organiza- tion and will increase job satisfaction, motivation and enterprise value.
Kawasaki has implemented measures focused on employees whose workstyle or values place them in a minority within the Company, seeking to support such employees and change the mindsets, as needed, of those in the majority. Specific examples include measures related to promoting the professional success of women, support- ing employees taking childcare or nursing care leave, and promoting the hiring of persons with disabilities.
Recently, to support LGBT employees, we have held internal seminars and created the Kawasaki LGBT Ally Mark as a means for users to indicate that they support their LGBT colleagues. Through such efforts, we are working to educate and increase awareness among all employees.
Through these and other activities, we will empower all employees to express themselves and work with greater motivation, thereby providing new value to more stakeholders.
  Kawasaki LGBT Ally mark
 Internal seminar on basic LGBT knowledge
 Organizational Transformation
As the evolution of technologies accelerates and startups achieve rapid growth, the pace of change in the external environment is faster than ever. In response, we are reinforcing Company-wide management strategies and implementing succession planning for top management. By carefully deciding where to locate businesses and strategically allocating management resources, we will realize total optimization in management. At the same time, we will systematically develop new leaders to take the helm of man- agement and reinforce project risk management.
56 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 57

Eleven-year Summary
Operating results
Net sales
¥1,338.5 ¥1,173.4 — — — — 200.4 188.8 195.1 191.3 105.1 107.5 84.9 82.7 126.4 151.8 186.4 150.0 336.4 203.0 103.5 97.8
28.7 [2.1%] (1.3) — — — —
(FY) 2008 2009
2010 ¥1,226.9 — — 196.8 202.6 89.0 140.3 118.4 131.1 234.4 114.0
42.6 [3.4%] —
—
3.0 [1.5%] 9.5 [4.7%] 8.2 [9.3%]
22.3 [15.9%] (1.0) [—] 8.1 [6.2%] (4.9) [—]
2011 2012 ¥1,303.7 ¥1,288.8 — — — — 206.5 239.1 194.6 207.0 122.8 115.8 175.0 130.4 113.5 90.3 132.6 129.9 235.2 251.8 123.2 124.2 57.4 [4.4%] 42.0 — — — — 7.8 [3.7%] 14.8 7.7 [3.9%] 7.0 14.1 [11.4%] 9.7 26.6 [15.2%] 8.4 3.9 [3.4%] 4.1 5.1 [3.8%] 2.2 (2.9) [—] 2.3 3.8 [3.1%] 1.2 63.6 39.3 52.9 50.3 48.7 46.1 23.3 30.8
39.9 41.7 63.9 78.6 48.9 48.3
1,362.1 1,466.2 407.1 484.6 315.9 349.8 713.2 822.8
2013 ¥1,385.4 — — 280.7 189.2 103.8 123.2 80.8 147.9 322.2 137.2 [3.2%] 72.3 — — [6.1%] 26.2 [3.3%] 10.4 [8.4%] 6.3 [6.4%] 10.4
[4.6%] (2.0) [1.7%] 7.5 [0.9%] 16.1 [1.0%] 4.4
60.6 65.3 61.3 38.6
40.3 87.7 37.8
(62.5) 8.1% 11.0% 109.3% ¥230.9 ¥2,171.6 ¥60.0 25.9%
34,620
2014 ¥1,486.1 — — 325.0 218.7 121.1 135.7 90.3 121.5 329.2 144.2 [5.2%] 87.2 — — [9.3%] 36.3 [5.5%] 11.2 [6.0%] 6.5 [8.4%] 10.9 [—] 2.6 [5.1%] 6.0 [4.9%] 14.9 [3.2%] 3.9 84.2 88.0 84.2 51.6
41.6 80.0 44.5
(57.1) 10.4% 12.9% 83.9%
¥308.9 ¥2,585.8 ¥100.0 32.3%
35,471
2015 2016 ¥1,541.0 ¥1,518.8 — — — — 351.8 329.9 236.4 241.9 135.6 160.8 133.1 155.2 94.8 103.2 146.6 137.1 333.5 313.0 108.8 77.4 [5.8%] 95.9 [6.2%] 45.9 — — — — [11.1%] 45.6 [12.9%] 25.0 [5.1%] 16.9 [7.1%] 15.2 [5.4%] 8.5 [6.2%] 2.6 [8.0%] 8.5 [6.4%] 13.1
[2.9%] (7.9) [—] (21.4) [4.9%] 9.2 [6.3%] 3.4 [4.5%] 15.7 [4.7%] 11.7 [2.7%] 2.8 [2.6%] 3.1
93.2 36.6 78.4 41.7 74.8 38.8 46.0 26.2
43.6 43.6 76.3 82.7 49.0 51.5
1,620.4 1,687.3 398.4 400.6 445.6 451.3 829.7 837.9
2017 ¥1,574.2 469.5 251.6 — — — 198.9 95.6 141.7 331.6 85.0 55.9 30.8 7.6 — — — 21.6
(3.8) (12.4)
15.2 2.9 43.2 35.7 32.9 28.9
45.4 82.1 56.1
37.7 3.9% 6.4%
80.6% ¥173.0 ¥2,789.9 ¥60.0 34.6%
35,805
2018 ¥1,594.7 463.9 253.0 — — — 222.0 78.9 124.6 356.8 95.1 [3.5%] 64.0 [6.5%] 32.6 [3.0%] 11.6 — — — [10.8%] 21.3 [—] 1.0
[—] (13.7) [4.5%] 14.3 [3.4%] 2.5
37.8 41.2 37.8 27.4
48.7 66.9 59.0
1,838.8 439.4 492.2 915.8 109.7
(85.3) 24.4 (19.7) 4.5% 5.8%
76.6% ¥164.3 ¥2,851.8 ¥70.0 42.5%
35,691
(Billions of yen)
        Aerospace Systems1
Energy System & Plant Engineering1 Aerospace1
Gas Turbine & Machinery1
Plant & Infrastructure1
Precision Machinery & Robot2
Ship & Offshore Structure
Rolling Stock3
Motorcycle & Engine2
Other3
                    Operating income [operating income margin] Aerospace Systems1
[—]
[1.9%] [4.6%] [7.3%] [4.1%] [1.0%] [5.8%]
[—] [—]
[3.0%]
[7.5%] [6.3%] [1.6%] [8.4%]
[—] [2.5%] [3.7%] [4.0%]
[4.0%] [7.0%] [4.5%]
[9.6%] [1.3%] [—] [4.0%] [2.6%]
    Energy System & Plant Engineering1
Aerospace1 (4.1) [—] 3.7
    Gas Turbine & Machinery1 Plant & Infrastructure1 Precision Machinery & Robot2 Ship & Offshore Structure Rolling Stock3
Motorcycle & Engine2
11.0 [5.6%] 8.9 8.9 [8.5%] 7.9 8.3 [9.8%] 3.4
(1.0) [—] 1.5 11.3 [6.0%] 8.7 (10.1) [—] (27.0)
            Other3 4.2 [4.1%] (1.0) Recurring profit 38.7 14.2 EBIT4 30.2 1.5 Income before income taxes 23.6 (3.8) Profit attributable to owners of the parent 11.7 (10.8)
Research and development expenses 38.2 38.0 Capital expenditures 82.4 59.2 Depreciation and amortization 44.3 51.4 Total assets 1,399.7 1,352.4 Interest-bearing debt 389.2 428.9 Net assets 295.2 283.0 Invested capital5 679.7 705.9 Cash flows from operating activities (41.2) 30.1 Cash flows from investing activities (72.2) (63.2) Free cash flows (113.5) (33.0) Cash flows from financing activities 107.6 35.9 Before-tax ROIC (Return on invested capital)6 4.5% 0.2% Return on equity (ROE) 3.8% — Net D/E ratio 123.0% 142.2% Net income per share7 ¥70.2 ¥(65.1)
2.5 49.1 43.2 38.5 25.9
37.0 55.3 50.2
1,354.2 429.1 297.4 718.2 81.9
(52.9) 28.9 (18.8) 6.0% 9.1%
132.1%
[2.2%]
                   Financial position (at year-end)
Cash flows
Key performance indicators
1,554.4 444.6 376.6 807.6 151.7
1,662.2 414.3 447.9 846.3 127.6
1,785.0 446.6 481.3 912.7 56.0
         86.0 93.5
18.7 (53.0) 74.1 60.2 11.8 28.6 (24.5)
84.7 28.1
(65.9) (81.1) (77.5) (67.3) (74.1) (64.8) (80.5)
      (26.8) 57.6
(23.4) 9.4% 10.6% 82.5% ¥275.6 ¥2,582.1 ¥120.0 43.5%
34,605
(15.8) 5.0% 6.0%
78.9% ¥156.8 ¥2,617.3 ¥60.0 38.2%
35,127
           Net assets per share7 ¥1,741.0 Dividends per share7 ¥30.0 Dividend payout ratio 42.6%
Number of employees (at year end) 32,266
¥155.5 ¥1,661.3 ¥1,730.3 ¥30.0 ¥30.0 — 19.3%
32,297 32,706
7.4%
7.8% 121.8% ¥139.5 ¥1,830.6 ¥50.0 35.8%
33,267
6.1%
9.5% 131.9% ¥184.6 ¥2,023.2 ¥50.0 27.0%
34,010
          1. In fiscal 2018, the reportable segments were reorganized: the Aerospace segment and the jet engine business of the Gas Turbine & Machinery segment became the Aerospace Systems segment and the Plant & Infrastructure segment and the energy and marine-related businesses of the Gas Turbine & Machinery segment became the Energy System & Plant Engineering segment. Figures for fiscal 2017 onward are presented according to the reorganized segments.
2. In fiscal 2008, the current Motorcycle & Engine segment was the Consumer Products & Machinery segment, and the current Precision Machinery segment was the Hydraulic Machinery segment. The robot-related business was included in the Consumer Products & Machinery segment in fiscal 2018, but from fiscal 2009 onward has been included in the Precision Machinery segment. In fiscal 2018, the Precision Machinery segment was renamed the Precision Machinery & Robot segment.
3. The construction machinery business was included in the Rolling Stock segment in fiscal 2008, and in the Other segment from fiscal 2009 onward. This business was sold in fiscal 2015.
4. EBIT = Income before income taxes + interest expense
5. Invested capital = Interest-bearing debt + shareholders’ equity
6. Before-tax ROIC = EBIT / Invested capital at year-end
7. Effective October 1, 2017, a 1-for-10 share consolidation was implemented for ordinary shares. Figures for fiscal 2016 and before are calculated based on the
assumption that the share consolidation had already been implemented.
58 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 59

Management Discussion & Analysis
Overview
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the global economy was relatively lacking in vigor overall due to the economic slowdown in emerging countries and resource-rich countries, along with other factors, despite the ongoing modest growth centered on the U.S., where the real economy remains strong. In addition, there continues to be uncertain- ty about future prospects for the real econo- my as a downturn in corporate earnings stemming from U.S.-China trade friction is beginning to emerge and there is still a chance of a U.K. split from the EU without
an agreement, even though the deadline for the split from the EU has been delayed. As a result, there is a continued need for these developments-with the potential to drag down the global economy-to be watched sufficiently closely.
The Japanese economy has been recover- ing modestly, due to a modest increase in capital investment, an improvement in cor- porate earnings and other factors. Although overall modest growth is expected to contin- ue, it is necessary to continue to watch foreign exchange rates since the economic policies of the U.S. and other countries or other factors may trigger a yen appreciation.
Amid such an operating environment, the Group’s orders received in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, decreased overall from the previous fiscal year due to
a decrease in the Rolling Stock segment and the Aerospace Systems segment, despite
an increase in the Ship & Offshore Structure segment and other segments. Net sales increased overall from with the previous fiscal year due to increases in the Motorcycle & Engine segment, the Precision Machinery & Robot and other segments, despite decreases in the Rolling Stock segment and other segments. Operating income increased overall due to the improvement in the Ship & Offshore Structure segment and increases in the Energy System & Plant Engineering segment and other factors. Recurring profit decreased due to the payments for the in- service issue of commercial jet aircraft engines and other factors despite the increase in operating income. Net income attributable to the owners of the parent decreased as a result of the decrease in recurring profit and other factors.
As a result, the Group’s consolidated
orders received decreased ¥22.0 billion
from the previous fiscal year to ¥1,585.9
billion, consolidated net sales increased
¥20.5 billion year on year to ¥1,594.7
billion, consolidated operating income
increased ¥8.0 billion to ¥64.0 billion, con-
solidated recurring profit fell ¥5.3 billion to
¥37.8 billion, and net income attributable to
the owners of the parent decreased ¥1.4
billion to ¥27.4 billion. ROIC* was 4.5%,
while ROE was 5.8%.
* Before-tax ROIC = EBIT (income before income taxes + interest expense) / invested capital (interest-bearing debt + shareholders’ equity)
Business Segments
The following sections supply additional details on the consolidated performance of each business segment*. Please note that operating income or loss includes interseg- ment transactions.
* The Company reviewed the method of business segment classification from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and changed its reportable segments from the previous Ship & Offshore Structure, Rolling Stock, Aerospace, Gas Turbine & Machinery, Plant & Infrastructure, Motorcycle & Engine, Precision Machinery and Other Operations to Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, Precision Machinery & Robot, Ship & Offshore Structure, Rolling Stock, Motorcycle & Engine and Other Operations.
Consolidated segment information for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 has been prepared using the revised segment classification method.
Aerospace Systems
Concerning the business environment sur- rounding the Aerospace Systems segment, there is a certain level of demand from the Ministry of Defense in Japan despite an oth- erwise tight defense budget, while demand for commercial aircraft airframes and jet engines is increasing in conjunction with the rise in the number of air passengers. Although demand for the component
parts for commercial aircraft jet engines increased, consolidated orders decreased ¥67.2 billion year on year to ¥431.6 billion due to a decrease in demand for component parts for the Ministry of Defense and commercial aircraft.
Consolidated net sales decreased ¥5.5 bil- lion year on year to ¥463.9 billion due to
a decrease in demand for component parts for the Ministry of Defense and commercial aircraft, despite an increase in demand for component parts for commercial aircraft jet engines. Nevertheless, consolidated
operating income increased ¥1.7 billion year on year to ¥32.6 billion due to improvement in the profitability of component parts for commercial aircraft.
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Regarding the business environment surrounding the Energy System & Plant Engineering segment, in addition to the recovery in resource development and oil and natural gas related investment overseas, there is still demand for energy infrastruc- ture maintenance in Asia and demand for distributed power sources is increasing due to stronger interest in investment in the environment and energy conservation, among other factors. In Japan, there is ongo- ing demand for replacing aging facilities for refuse incineration plants and industrial machinery. Meanwhile, in the energy and environmental field, although there is large potential demand for distributed power sources in Japan, investment plans are slightly delayed in light of the liberalization of electricity.
Year on year consolidated orders received increased ¥39.8 billion to ¥263.5 billion due to the orders received from a Combined Cycle Power Plant (CCPP) and a LNG tank for the Japanese market among other factors. Consolidated net sales increased ¥1.4 billion year on year to ¥253.0 billion due to an increase in construction work volume in the Energy System segment and other factors, despite the decline in construction work volume on refuse incineration plants for the Japanese market and chemical plants for overseas markets. Consolidated operating income was ¥11.6 billion, a ¥3.9 billion increase from the previous year, due to the improvement in profitability in the Energy System segment and the other factors.
Precision Machinery & Robot
With respect to the business environment surrounding the Precision Machinery & Robot segment, in the construction machinery market, excavator sales competition in the Chinese market is becoming increasingly intense, and there are growing concerns and a sense of uncertainty about the future pros- pects of the China market, particularly among foreign construction machinery manufacturers that are losing market share in the Chinese market (especially for small- and medium-sized excavators). However,
demand still exceeds its production capacity, so the Company is working to increase pro- duction. The Company will continue to moni- tor the situation in the Chinese market. In the robot market, the current situation is deteriorating due to the postponement of capital investment and the putting off of investment by semiconductor manufacturers in the Chinese market due to the U.S.-China trade friction, creating the expectation that the overseas market will remain unstable for a while. Still, semiconductor investment is expected to resume in the second half of the fiscal year, and demand is expected to recover. In the domestic market, demand is expected to steadily expand in the industrial sector as a whole, including in human-robot coexistence field.
Year on year in this segment, consolidated orders received increased ¥15.3 billion to ¥225.2 billion due to an increase in hydraulic components for construction machinery, despite a decrease in robots in the semicon- ductors field. Consolidated net sales was ¥222.0 billion, a ¥23.0 billion increase from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 due to an increase in hydraulic components for construction machinery, despite a decrease in industrial robots for semiconductors. Consolidated operating income was ¥21.3 billion, roughly the same level as in the pre- vious fiscal year, due to an increase in SG&A expenses, including expenses increasing production as well as R&D costs, along with other factors, despite the increase in net sales.
Ship & Offshore Structure
With respect to the business environment surrounding the Ship & Offshore Structure segment, while new-build vessel prices are recovering after bottoming out and demand for gas-fueled vessels has been increasing in conjunction with the tightening of environ- mental regulations, competition remained intense due to factors including the pushing back of demand for LNG carriers because of the delay in LNG development projects and the continuation of policies by the South Korean government to support their domes- tic shipbuilding industries. In the year ended March 31, 2019, consolidated orders received were ¥81.1 billion, a ¥76.4 billion increase from the previous fiscal year when the Company terminated a ship building contract for an offshore service vessel after receiving an order for a submarine for the
  60 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 61

Ministry of Defense. Consolidated net sales fell by ¥16.6 billion year on year to ¥78.9 billion, due to a change in the sales mix between LNG carriers and LPG carriers and other factors. Consolidated operating income was ¥1.0 billion, a ¥4.9 billion improvement from the previous fiscal year due to improvement in shipbuilding cost and other factors, despite a decrease in sales.
Rolling Stock
With respect to the business environment surrounding the Rolling Stock segment, there continues to be stable demand in Japan for the replacement of aging railcars. In North America, demand for new and replacement railcars has been increasing in the New York area, which is its core market, and the other areas. Meanwhile, in Asia, demand in emerg- ing markets is increasing with the Japanese government’s efforts to promote infrastruc- ture related exports.
For the year, consolidated orders received were ¥136.0 billion, a ¥121.0 decline from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, when orders were received for new generation subway cars from the New York City Transit Authority, despite the fact that an order for commuter train cars was received from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey along with other factors. Consolidated net sales decreased ¥17.0 billion year on year to ¥124.6 billion due to a decrease in sales for overseas markets in the U.S., Asia and other countries, and other factors. Consolidated operating income decreased ¥1.3 billion year on year to ¥13.7 billion of operating loss due to deterioration in profit- ability in orders for the U.S. since the previous year.
Motorcycle & Engine
Regarding the business environment sur- rounding the Motorcycle & Engine segment, the modest growth in motorcycle markets mainly in Europe is continuing, and the decline in demand for motorcycles in emerg- ing countries is signaling a bottoming out. With respect to utility vehicles, the market continues to grow stably mainly in North America, and the general-purpose engine market is also growing steadily. Overall, consolidated net sales increased in this seg- ment ¥25.1 billion year on year to ¥356.8 bil- lion due to an increase in sales of motorcycles and vehicles for developed countries. Consolidated operating income deteriorated
¥0.8 billion year on year to ¥14.3 billion despite the increase in sales because increas- ing prices of steel and other materials in the U.S., the impact of weakness in the currencies of emerging countries and other factors.
Other Operations
Consolidated net sales increased ¥10.0 bil- lion year on year to ¥95.1 billion. However, consolidated net operating income decreased ¥0.4 billion year on year to ¥2.5 billion.
Consolidated Financial Position
(1) Assets
Total assets at March 31, 2019 were ¥1,838.8 billion, a ¥53.8 billion increase from March 31, 2018. Current assets increased ¥20.5 billion from March 31, 2018 to ¥1,136.3 billion due to an increase in inventory assets and other factors. Fixed assets increased ¥33.2 billion year on year to ¥702.5 billion due to an increase in holdings of property, plant and equipment because of capital investment and
other factors.
(2) Liabilities
Overall liabilities increased ¥42.9 billion from March 31, 2018 to ¥1,346.5 billion due to a rise in net defined benefit liabilities, the posting of the provision for the in-service issue of commercial jet aircraft engines and other factors. Interest bearing liabilities decreased ¥7.2 billion year on year to ¥439.4 billion.
(3) Net assets
Consolidated net assets increased ¥10.8 bil- lion year on year to ¥492.2 billion due to factors including the increase from the post- ing of net income attributable to the owners of the parent and despite the decline due to dividend payments and other factors.
Cash Flows
(1) Cash flows from operating activities
Operating activities provided net cash of ¥109.7 billion, a ¥53.7 billion increase from the previous fiscal year. It is due mainly to
a decrease in trade receivable. Major sources of operating cash flow included income before income taxes of ¥37.8 billion,
depreciation and amortization of ¥59.0 bil- lion, and trade receivable of ¥58.9 billion. Major uses of operating cash flow included expenditure of ¥65.3 billion due to an increase in inventory assets.
(2) Cash flows from investing activities
Investing activities used net cash of ¥85.3 billion, which is ¥4.7 billion more than in the previous fiscal year, mainly due to the requi- sition of property, plant and equipment as well as intangible assets.
(3) Cash flows from financing activities
Financing activities used ¥19.7 billion, which is ¥57.5 billion more than in the previous fiscal year when financing activities provid- ed net cash of ¥37.7 billion. This was due mainly to the payment of dividends.
Given these changes in cash flows, cash and cash equivalents at end of year settled at ¥68.3 billion, up ¥3.9 billion from the beginning of the year.
Management of Liquidity Risk
To manage liquidity risk comprehensively, the Finance Department formulates and renews financial plans in a timely fashion based on reports from each business seg- ment. In addition, measures are taken to diversify sources of financing, adjust the balance of long- and short-term financing with consideration for financial conditions and secure commitment lines (credit limit of ¥54.0 billion, immediate activation possible) and commercial paper (issuance limit of ¥150.0 billion).
Management Indicators
As target management indicators, the Company has adopted Earnings (Operating income, Recurring profit, Profit attributable to owners of parent) and Return on Invested Capital [ROIC = EBIT (Income before income taxes + Interest expense) / Invested Capital (Interest-bearing debt + Shareholders’ equity)] as indicators for measuring capital efficiency.
The Company’s Group-wide businesses are segmented and subdivided into Business Units (hereinafter referred to as “BUs”), and ROIC management is applied to each and every BU. Those BUs not clearing the ROIC
hurdle rate (minimum required level) are required to take practical actions for clearing the hurdle rate early. On the other hand, those BUs already clearing the ROIC hurdle rate are encouraged to achieve the ROIC level for the top market leader and, while taking initiatives to enhance Economic Value Added (EVA), improve the enterprise value of the entire group.
With the improvement of these manage- ment indicators, the Company also seeks to improve its Return on Equity (ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent / Shareholders’ equity).
Dividends
As a basic management policy, the Company aims to increase corporate value by consis- tently generating profit exceeding the cost of invested capital. In line with this policy, the Company believes that one priority for management is to engage in cutting-edge research and development as well as innovative capital investment required to achieve future growth and thereby return profits to shareholders by enhancing share- holder value over the long term.
In order to maintain a good balance between enhancing shareholder value and returning profits to shareholders through dividends, the Company has set a medium- to long-term consolidated payout ratio standard of 30% corresponding to the con- solidated profit attributable to the owners of the parent and in light of both the outlook for future earnings and a comprehensive examination of its financial condition, including its free cash flow, D/E ratio (debt-to-equity ratio) and other factors.
The Company has a basic policy of distrib- uting surplus retained earnings as dividends twice a year, once after the fiscal second quarter and once after the fiscal year-end. Interim dividends are authorized by the Board of Directors, while year-end dividends are authorized at the general meetings
of shareholders.
     62 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 63

Consolidated Balance Sheets
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES At March 31, 2019 and 2018
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2019
$   669,408 3,852,491 614,143 3,649,104 1,077,002 408,369
(34,159) 10,236,375
1,756,049 1,338,798 564,859 19,350 164,192 531,736 4,375,002
151,311
130,628 838 632,186 1,051,221
(12,810) 1,802,072 6,328,385
$16,564,769
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2019
$ 2,226,745 1,108,756 901,027 90,082 2,874 93,595 190,686 117,971 248,707 1,634,258 1,170,867 7,785,605
1,261,148 1,689,650 13,629 5,342 879,218
103,306
392,451 4,344,771 12,130,376
941,213
491,325 2,924,115
(1,171) 4,355,481
24,160 (2,045) (41,041) (45,167) (64,093)
  Assets
2019
Current assets
Cash and deposits (Note 23)
Notes and accounts receivable—trade
Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process (Notes 4 and 9)
Raw materials and supplies
Other 45,333
2018
¥   70,632 470,110 62,385 326,459 115,893 72,542
(2,247) 1,115,776
186,623 144,399 62,694 2,199 25,724 58,155 479,797
16,178
14,798 88 69,632 92,441
(3,685) 173,276 669,252
¥1,785,028
Liabilities and Net Assets
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable—trade (Note 8) Electronically recorded obligations—operating Short-term loans payable (Note 8)
Current portion of bonds (Note 8)
Lease obligations (Note 8)
Income taxes payable (Note 22)
Provision for bonuses
Provision for construction warranties
Provision for loss on construction contracts (Note 9) Advances received
Other
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable (Note 8)
Long-term loans payable (Note 8)
Lease obligations (Note 8)
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 22)
Retirement benefit liability (Note 10)
Provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines (Note 11)
Other
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
Net assets (Note 13): Shareholders' equity:
Common stock: Authorized—336,000,000 shares Issued—167,080,532 shares in 2019
—167,080,532 shares in 2018 Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock—33,049 shares in 2019
—25,910 shares in 2018 Total shareholders' equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
2019
¥  247,191 123,083 100,023 10,000 319 10,390 21,168 13,096 27,609 181,419 129,978 864,280
140,000 187,568 1,513 593 97,602
11,468
43,566 482,313 1,346,593
104,484 54,542 324,606
(130) 483,502
2,682 (227) (4,556) (5,014) (7,115)
15,874 492,261 ¥1,838,855
2018
¥  245,398 117,772 108,978 20,000 283 6,042 19,903 13,000 18,258 194,306 125,454 869,398
130,000 185,685 1,697 9,187 86,836
— 20,837 434,244 1,303,642
104,484 54,573 308,010
(124) 466,944
3,526 403 719
(5,532) (883)
  ¥   74,311 427,665 68,176 405,087 119,558
               Allowance for doubtful accounts Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment (Note 8)
Buildings and structures, net Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net Land
Leased assets, net
Construction in progress
Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Investments and other assets
Investment securities (Notes 5, 6 and 8) Retirement benefit asset (Note 10) Deferred tax assets (Note 22)
Other (Notes 7 and 8)
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
(3,792) 1,136,340
194,939 148,620 62,705 2,148 18,227 59,028 485,669
16,797
14,501 93 70,179 116,696
(1,422) 200,048 702,514
¥1,838,855
15,324
481,386 4,434,384
                                                       142,996 ¥1,785,028 $16,564,769
     64 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 65
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

Consolidated Statements of Income
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Net sales
Cost of sales (Note 14)
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Salaries and allowances
Research and development expenses (Note 15) Other
Total selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit
Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Gain on sales of securities
Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen (Note 1)
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 20) Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Owners of the parent company Non-controlling interests
Per share amounts (Notes 21 and 24) Net income per share—basic
Cash dividends
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2019 $268,787
(7,783) (6,081) (7,171) 4,946
(43,843)
(59,941) 208,837
191,154 $ 17,674
U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2019
$   1.48 0.59
2019 ¥1,594,743
(1,326,668) 268,075
(54,952)
(48,734) (100,364) (204,052)
64,023
909 294 862
2018 2019 ¥1,574,242 $14,365,760 (1,319,715) (11,950,887)
254,527 2,414,873 (52,502) (495,018)
(45,434) (439,005) (100,665) (904,099) (198,602) (1,838,141)
55,925 576,732
720 8,188 291 2,648 46 7,765
4,492 14,179 3,580 27,529 9,131 60,319
(2,794) (30,871) (7,017) (42,528)
— (133,781)
(2,505) —
(9,513) (88,794) (21,830) (295,991)
43,225 341,059
2,606 — 2,606 —
2019 ¥29,838
(864) (675) (796) 549
(4,867)
(6,654) 23,183
21,220 ¥ 1,962
2018 ¥31,347
338 1,616
(1,085) 5,170
2,296
8,336 39,683
37,015 ¥ 2,668
2018
¥ 173.1 5.0
                            1,574 Other 3,056
   Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses
Payments for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines (Note 16)
Payments for contract adjustments for commercial aircraft jet engines (Note 17)
6,696
(3,427) (4,721)
(14,851)
Yen
2019
     ¥ 164.3 65.0
    — Other (9,857)
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
   Total non-operating expenses Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Gain on sales of non-current assets (Note 18) Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Loss from termination of a shipbuilding
contract for an offshore service vessel (Note 19)
(32,858) 37,861
— —
—
(12,833) — (12,833) — 32,999 341,059
         Total extraordinary losses
Profit before income taxes (Note 22)
Income taxes—current
Income taxes—deferred
Total income taxes
Profit
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests
Profit attributable to owners of parent
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
— 37,861
(16,704) 8,681
(11,634) (150,473) 9,982 78,200
    (8,022) 29,838 2,385 ¥   27,453
(1,652) (72,264) 31,347 268,787 2,431 21,485
   ¥   28,915 $   247,302
 66 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 67

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Balance at March 31, 2017
Net income for the year Treasury stock purchased, net Cash dividends
Loss on sales of treasury stock
Capital increase of consolidated subsidiaries Other
Balance at March 31, 2018
Net income for the year Treasury stock purchased, net Cash dividends
Loss on sales of treasury stock
Transfer of loss on sales of treasury stock Capital increase of consolidated subsidiaries Other
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at March 31, 2018
Net income for the year Treasury stock purchased, net Cash dividends
Shareholders’ equity
Millions of yen
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Number of shares of
common stock Common (Thousands) stock
167,080 ¥104,484 — — — — — — — — — — — — 167,080 ¥104,484 — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 167,080 ¥104,484
Common stock
$941,213
— — — — — —
Balance at March 31, 2019 $941,213 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
Total shareholders’ equity
¥446,230 28,915
(28) (8,352)
0 179 — ¥466,944 27,453
(7) (10,858)
1
— (30)
— ¥483,502
Total shareholders’ equity
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
¥3,232 — — — — — 293 ¥3,526 — — — — — —
(843) ¥2,682
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
¥(1,182) —
— — — —
1,585 ¥  403 — — — — — —
(630) ¥  (227)
Accumulated Foreign adjustments
currency for translation retirement
adjustments benefits ¥  (341) ¥(10,692)
— — — — — — — — — —
1,060 5,160 ¥   719 ¥ (5,532)
— — — — — — — — — — — —
(5,275) 517 ¥(4,556) ¥ (5,014)
Total accumulated other
Total net assets
¥451,327 28,915
(28) (8,352)
0 179 9,344 ¥481,386 27,453
(7) (10,858)
1
— (30) (5,683)
¥492,261
247,302 (63) (97,811)
9
— (270) (51,194)
$4,434,384
Capital surplus
¥54,393 —
Retained earnings
¥287,448 28,915
Treasury stock
¥ (96) —
comprehensive Non-controlling income interests
   — — (28)
¥(8,983) ¥14,080 — — — — — — — — — — 8,099 1,244 ¥  (883) ¥15,324 — — — — — — — — — — — — (6,232) 549 ¥(7,115) ¥15,874
Total accumulated other
 — (8,352) (0) — 179 — — — ¥54,573 ¥308,010 — 27,453 — —
— (10,858) (0) —
0 (0) (30) — —— ¥54,542 ¥324,606
Shareholders’ equity
— 0 — —
¥(124)
— (7) — 1 — — —
¥(130)
Treasury stock
Thousands of U.S. dollars
             Capital surplus
Retained earnings
comprehensive Non-controlling
Total net assets
Accumulated
Net unrealized Deferred gains (losses) gains on securities, (losses)
net of tax on hedges $31,763 $ 3,630
— — — — — — — — — — — —
(7,594) (5,675)
$24,160 $(2,045) $(41,041) $(45,167) $(64,093) $142,996
other comprehensive income
Accumulated Foreign adjustments
currency translation adjustments
$   6,477
— — — — — —
for retirement
benefits income $(49,833) $ (7,954)
— — — — — — — — — — — —
 $491,604 $2,774,615
— 247,302 —— — (97,811) (0) — 0 (0)
$(1,117) $4,206,324
— 247,302 (63) (63) — (97,811)
9 9 — — — (270)
interests
$138,042 $4,336,420
    Loss on sales of treasury stock
Transfer of loss on sales of treasury stock
Capital increase of consolidated subsidiaries
Other —
(270) — ——— —
— — — — — —
   $491,325 $2,924,115 $(1,171) $4,355,481
(47,518)
4,657 (56,139)
4,946
  68 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 69

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before income taxes
Depreciation
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in provision for construction warranties
Increase (decrease) in provision for loss on construction contracts
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liability
Increase (decrease) in provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of loss (profit) of entities accounted for using equity method
Loss (gain) on sales of non-current assets
Losses from the termination of a shipbuilding contract for an offshore service vessel
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable—trade
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable—trade
Decrease (increase) in advance payments Increase (decrease) in advances received Decrease (increase) in other current assets Increase (decrease) in other current liabilities Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividend income received Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2019
$  341,059 531,682
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2019
$ (746,203)
5,450 (9,233) 8,909
(34,393) 6,675
$ (768,796)
$  (97,883) 313,233
(276,633) 180,164 (180,164)
(97,901) (17,566) (1,342)
$ (178,101)
(6,270)
35,573 579,786 $  615,359
$ 669,408 (54,049)
2019
¥ 37,861 59,022
(667) 1,245
100
9,336 11,982
11,468 (1,203)
3,427
(1,574) —
—
58,985 (65,383)
6,829
1,202 (14,013) (1,557)
2,299
1,192 120,553 3,859
(3,439) (11,211)
¥109,762
2018
¥ 32,999 56,137
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities Purchase of shares of subsidiaries and associates Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities:
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable Proceeds from long-term loans payable Repayments of long-term loans payable
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Redemption of bonds
Cash dividends paid
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Supplemental information on cash flows: Cash and cash equivalents:
Cash and deposits in the balance sheets
Time deposits with maturities over three months
2019
¥ (82,836)
605 (1,025)
989 (3,818)
741 ¥ (85,344)
¥ (10,866) 34,772
(30,709) 20,000 (20,000) (10,868)
(1,950) (149)
¥ (19,771)
(696)
3,949 64,362 ¥ 68,311
¥ 74,311 (6,000)
2018
¥ (82,238)
6,452 (512)
342 (3,408) (1,226)
¥ (80,590)
¥ 16,363 64,363
(42,694) 20,000 (10,000)
(8,375) (1,433) (454)
¥ 37,770
410
13,640
50,722 ¥ 64,362
¥ 70,632 (6,269)
       1,093 (6,008)
  (387)
814
11,029 13,324
— (1,011)
2,794
(4,492) (2,606)
12,833
(35,516) (26,443)
21,569 6,103
(10,092) (22,937)
8,644 (789)
63,066 4,166
(2,795) (8,386)
¥ 56,050
11,215 901
84,101 107,936
103,306 (10,837)
30,871
(14,179) —
—
531,349 (588,983)
61,517
10,828 (126,232) (14,026)
20,710
10,738 1,085,965 34,763
(30,979) (100,991)
$  988,758
                                                     ¥ 64,362 $ 615,359 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
Total (Note 23)
¥ 68,311
 70 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 71

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
1.
Basis of presenting consolidated financial statements
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (together the “Companies”) have been prepared from the financial statements filed with the Prime Minister as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act in Japan and in accordance with accounting principles gener- ally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements from International Financial Reporting Standards. Certain reclassifications have been made in the accompanying consolidated financial state- ments to facilitate understanding by readers outside Japan.
The translations of the Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan, using the prevailing exchange rate at March 31, 2019, which was ¥111.01 to U.S.$1.00. The translations should not be construed as rep- resentations that the Japanese yen amounts have been, could have been or could in the future be converted into U.S. dollars at this or any other rate of exchange.
As permitted, fractional amounts have not been adjusted.
(a) Principles of consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and significant companies over which the Company has power of control through majority voting rights or the existence of certain other conditions evidencing control. The consolidat- ed financial statements include the accounts of the Company and 94 subsidiaries (93 in the year ended March 31, 2018). The aggregate amount of total assets, net sales, profit and retained earnings of the excluded subsidiaries would not have had a material effect on the consolidated financial statements if they had been included in the consolidation.
(b) Application of the equity method of accounting
Investments in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates over which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are accounted for by the equity method. For the year ended March 31, 2019, 17 affiliates (17 in 2018) were accounted for by the equity method. For the year ended March 31, 2019, investments in 10 affiliates (13 in 2018) were stated at cost without applying the equity method of accounting. If the equity method had been applied for these investments, the profit and retained earnings of these excluded subsidiaries and affiliates would not have had a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
(c) Consolidated subsidiaries’ fiscal year-end
For the year ended March 31, 2019, the fiscal year-end of 30 consolidated subsidiaries (29 in 2018) was December 31. These subsidiaries were consolidated as of December 31, and significant transactions for the period between December 31 and March 31, the Company’s fiscal year-end, were adjusted for on consolidation.
(d) Foreign currency translations
Receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies are translated into Japanese yen at year-end rates. The balance sheets of the consolidated overseas subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen at year-end rates, except for shareholders’ equity accounts, which are translated at historical rates. The income statements of the consolidated overseas subsidiaries are translated at average rates. The Company and its domestic subsidiaries report foreign currency translation adjustments in net assets.
(e) Revenue recognition
<Sales of products and construction contracts>
The percentage-of-completion method is applied to construction contracts if the outcome of the construction activity is deemed certain during the period of the activity. Otherwise, the completed contract method is applied.
(f) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash on hand, readily available deposits and short-term highly liquid and low risk invest- ments with maturities not exceeding three months at the time of purchase are considered to be cash and cash equivalents in preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(g) Allowance for doubtful receivables
An allowance for possible losses from notes and accounts receivable, loans and other receivables is provided based on past experience and the Companies’ estimates of losses on collection.
(h) Assets and liabilities arising from derivative transactions
Assets and liabilities arising from derivative transactions are stated at fair value.
(i) Inventories
Inventories are stated mainly at historical cost computed using the specific identification cost method, the moving average cost method or the first-in, first-out method. The ending balance of inventories is measured at the lower of cost or market.
(j) Investment securities
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries classify securities as (a) debt securities intended to be held to maturity (hereafter, “held-to-maturity debt securities”), (b) equity securities issued by subsidiaries and affiliated companies and (c) all other securities (hereaf- ter, “available-for-sale securities”). There were no trading securities at March 31, 2019 or 2018. Held-to-maturity debt securities are stated mainly at amortized cost. Equity securities issued by subsidiaries and affiliated companies which are not consolidated or accounted for using the equity method are stated at moving average cost. Available-for-sale securities with available fair market values are stated at fair market value. Unrealized gains and unrealized losses on these securities are reported, net of applicable income taxes, as a separate compo- nent of net assets. Realized gains and losses on the sale of such securities are computed using moving average cost. Other securities with no available market value are stated at moving average cost.
If the market value of held-to-maturity debt securities, equity securities issued by noncon- solidated subsidiaries or affiliated companies or available-for-sale securities declines signifi- cantly, such securities are stated at market value, and the difference between the market value and the carrying amount is recognized as loss in the period of the decline. If the mar- ket value of equity securities issued by a nonconsolidated subsidiary or affiliated company not subject to the equity method is not readily available, the securities should be written down to net asset value with a corresponding charge in the statements of income in the event the net asset value declines significantly. In these cases, the market value or the net asset value will be the carrying amount of the securities at the beginning of the next year.
(k) Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed mainly by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.
  2.
Significant accounting policies
  72 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 73

(l) Intangible assets
Amortization of intangible assets, including software for the Company’s own use, is comput- ed by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.
An equivalent amount of goodwill is amortized by the straight-line method over the period the Company benefits from its use. If the amount is not significant, it is expensed when incurred.
(m) Provision for bonuses
Accrued bonuses for employees are provided for based on the estimated amount of payment.
(n) Provision for construction warranties
The provision for construction warranties is based on past experience or provided separate- ly when it can be reasonably estimated.
(o) Provision for losses on construction contracts
A provision for losses on construction contracts at the fiscal year-end is made when substan- tial losses are anticipated for the next fiscal year and beyond and such losses can be reason- ably estimated.
(p) Provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines
Of the costs related to the significant in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines that arose in the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engine program, in which the Company participates as a risk and revenue sharing partner, the Company has made a provision for the abnormal costs related to the in-service issues which the Company would cover as a member of this program.
(q) Retirement benefit liability
Employees who terminate their services with the Company or some consolidated domestic subsidiaries are generally entitled to lump-sum payments, the amounts of which are deter- mined by reference to basic rates of pay at the time of termination and length of service.
The liabilities and expenses for retirement and severance benefits are determined based on amounts actuarially calculated using certain assumptions. The Company and its consoli- dated domestic subsidiaries provide the allowance for employees’ retirement and severance benefits based on the estimated amounts of projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets, including assets in the retirement benefit trust.
Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs are charged to income on a straight-line basis primarily over 10 years commencing with the following period and the current period, respectively. With regard to previously unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and unrecog- nized prior services costs, after adjusting for tax effects, the Company records any accumu- lated adjustment for retirement benefits as part of accumulated other comprehensive income within net assets.
In calculating retirement benefit obligations, the Company uses a benefit formula basis to attribute expected benefits to periods of service.
Employees of the Company’s overseas consolidated subsidiaries are generally covered by various pension plans accounted for in accordance with generally accepted accounting prin- ciples in the respective country of domicile.
(r) Hedge accounting
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries employ deferred hedge accounting. If deriva- tive financial instruments are used as hedges and meet certain hedging criteria, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries defer recognition of gain or loss resulting from a change in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument until the related loss or gain on the hedged item is recognized.
3.
Accounting standards issued but not
yet adopted
(s) Finance leases
Lease assets under finance leases that transfer ownership of the lease assets to the lessee are amortized by the same method as that used for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. Lease assets under finance leases that do not transfer ownership of the lease assets to the lessee are amortized by the straight-line-method over the lease term with zero residual value.
(t) Accounting for consumption taxes
National and local consumption taxes are accounted for based on the net amount.
(u) Application of consolidated tax reporting
The Company and its wholly owned consolidated domestic subsidiaries file a consolidated tax return.
The following guidance was issued but not yet adopted.
1. The Company and its affiliated companies
• “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29, March 30, 2018) • “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ
Guidance No. 30, March 30, 2018)
(a) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) initiated a joint project to develop a comprehensive accounting standard for revenue recognition. In May 2014, the Boards published “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (IFRS 15 for the IASB; Topic 606 for the FASB). IFRS 15 is effec- tive from January 1, 2018, and Topic 606 is applied from fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. In response to these developments, the ASBJ developed a compre- hensive accounting standard related to revenue recognition and published this standard together with its implementation guidance.
(b) Effective date
Effective from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(c) Effects of application of the standards
The Company and its consolidated domestic subsidiaries are currently in the process of determining the effect Topic 606, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, will have on the consolidated financial statements.
2. Affiliated companies in the United States
• Topic 606 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
(a) Overview
The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has developed a comprehensive accounting standard for revenue recognition. In May 2014, Topic 606 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” was announced. Topic 606 is applied from fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.
(b) Effective date
Scheduled to be applied from the start of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020.
  74 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 75

4.
Work in process
5. Securities
6.
Investments in noncon- solidated subsidiaries and affiliates
7.
Claim for damages in overseas LNG tank construction work
(c) Investment securities subject to impairment
Although impairment loss on other securities was recorded for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, disclosure was omitted as the amounts were immaterial.
Impairment loss on investment securities is recognized when there has been a significant decline in the market value. Investment securities for which the market value as of the end of the fiscal year has fallen to below 50% of the acquisition costs are deemed to have no recovery potential and to be impaired. Investment securities for which the market value has fallen to between 30% and 50% of the acquisition costs are deemed to be partially impaired by an amount that takes into consideration the likelihood of recovery and other factors.
Investments in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 were ¥76,214 million ($686,551 thousand) and ¥78,314 million, respectively.
In connection with a certain liquefied natural gas (LNG) tank construction project carried out by the Company overseas, the Company filed a petition for arbitration with The International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) during the fiscal year under review concerning losses sustained by the Company due to breach of contract by an overseas construction subcontractor. The Company plans to recover the amount of loss (approximately ¥51,000 million ($459,418 thousand)) in connection with this matter through future arbitration and has recorded a por- tion of the expected amount in “Others” under “Investments and other assets.”
(c) Effects of application of the standards
The application of this accounting standard is expected to result in a decrease in retained earnings of approximately ¥4,900 million ($44,140 thousand) on the date that the applica- tion begins.
• Topic 842 “Leases”
(a) Overview
These accounting standards require a lessee to recognize assets or liabilities generally for all leases on the balance sheet, whereas no significant changes were made in the accounting for a lessor.
(b) Effective date
Scheduled to be applied from the start of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021.
(c) Effects of application of the standards
The Company is currently in the process of determining the effects of the application of Topic 842 “Leases” on the consolidated financial statements.
A trust was established for the Company’s accounts receivable - trade generated in selling certain work in process using a self-settled trust. The Company has a beneficiary interest in the accounts receivable – trade as trust assets. The work in process related to the trust assets as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 amounted to ¥4,926 million ($44,374 thousand) and ¥2,468 million, respectively.
(a) Acquisition costs and book values (market values) of available-for-sale securities with available market values as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
(b) Sales amounts of available-for-sale securities and related realized gains and losses for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
 Equity securities:
Equity securities:
Sales amounts
¥965
Sales amounts ¥324
Losses
¥—
Losses ¥(1)
Sales amounts
$8,693
Gains Losses
$7,765 $—
Millions of yen Gains ¥862
2018 Millions of yen Gains ¥ 48
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
            Securities with book values exceeding acquisition costs:
Equity securities Other securities:
Equity securities Total
Securities with book values exceeding acquisition costs:
Equity securities Other securities:
Equity securities Total
Book value
¥8,008
131 ¥8,140
Book value
¥8,996
390 ¥9,387
Millions of
Acquisition cost
¥3,488
141 ¥3,629
2018 Millions of Acquisition
cost
¥3,208
407 ¥3,615
2019
yen
Unrealized gains (losses)
¥4,519
(9) ¥4,510
Unrealized gains (losses)
¥5,788
(16) ¥5,771
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Unrealized gains (losses)
$40,708
(81) $40,627
     yen
      76 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 77

8.
Short-term debt and long-term debt
The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt as of March 31, 2019 were as follows:
  Short-term debt and long-term debt as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 comprised the following:
Millions of yen
¥ 38,643 43,710 47,399 40,102 197,870 ¥367,724
Thousands of U.S. dollars
$  348,104 393,748 426,980 361,247 1,782,452 $3,312,530
 Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$  645,870 255,148
90,082 2,874 $  993,983
$1,944,798
— 90,082 180,164 270,246 180,164 180,164 90,082 90,082 90,082 90,082 90,082 16,503 3,312,530
(348,104) $2,964,427
Year ending March 31 2020
2021
2022
2023
2024 and thereafter
Total
 2019
2018
¥ 82,798 26,179
20,000 283 ¥129,261
¥211,864
20,000 10,000 20,000 30,000 20,000 10,000 10,000 10,000
— 10,000 10,000 1,980 363,844
(46,462) ¥317,382
  Short-term debt:
Short-term loans payable, principally bank loans, bearing average interest rates of 1.58% and 1.01% as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively
Current portion of long-term loans payable, bearing average interest rates of 0.50% and 0.39% as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively
    ¥ 71,698 28,324 respectively. 10,000
    Current portion of bonds, bearing average interest rates of 0.68% and 0.34-0.57% as of March 31, 2019 and 2018,
9.
Provision for losses on construction contracts
   Lease obligations, current Total short-term debt
Long-term debt:
Loans from banks and other financial institutions, partly secured by mortgage or other collateral, due from 2019 to 2029, bearing average interest rates of 0.48% and 0.49% as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
Notes and bonds issued by the Company: 0.34-0.57% notes due in 2018
0.68% notes due in 2019
0.32–0.99% notes due in 2020 0.10–1.42% notes due in 2021 0.15-1.10% notes due in 2022 0.18–0.99% notes due in 2023
0.79% notes due in 2024 0.85% notes due in 2025 0.40% notes due in 2028 0.82% notes due in 2036 0.90% notes due in 2037
Long-term lease obligations
Less portion due within one year Total long-term debt
319 ¥110,342
¥215,892
— 10,000 20,000 30,000 20,000 20,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 1,832 367,724
(38,643) ¥329,081
Inventories for construction contracts with substantial anticipated losses and the provision for losses on construction contracts were not offset. As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the inventories for the construction contracts for which the provision for losses on construction contracts were provided were ¥20,881 million ($188,100 thousand) and ¥15,590 million, respectively. These amounts were all included in work in process.
As of March 31, 2018, in a certain liquefied natural gas (LNG) tank construction project carried out by the Company overseas, the total cost has increased to a level higher than the original estimate. The causes of this cost increase include the nonfulfillment of a contract by an overseas construction subcontractor. The Company has calculated a provision for losses on construction contracts after deducting a part of the future damages claim amount in rela- tion to losses sustained by the Company owing to the breach of contract by the aforemen- tioned subcontractor from the total cost estimate for the project.
           10.
Employees’ retirement and severance benefits
1.
The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries have a system of retirement and severance lump-sum payments for employees. The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries also have a defined contribution pension plan and a cash balance plan (pension plan linked to market interest rates). A portion of the existing retirement and severance benefits are funded. Certain consolidated subsidiaries have a retirement pension plan. The Company has an employees’ retirement benefit trust. The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries made changes to their system of retirement and severance lump-sum payments for employees. As a result, the Company incurred prior service cost (increase in obligation).
The gain on contribution of securities to the employees’ retirement benefit trust was attributable to the contribution of holdings of investments in securities to the employees.
Defined benefit plans (including plans that apply a simplified method)
Reconciliation of beginning-of-period and end-of-period balances of retirement benefit obligation
           As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the following assets were pledged as collateral for short- term debt and long-term debt:
 Buildings and structures Investments in securities Other
2019 ¥ 61
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $  550
153
721 $1,423
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $ 27
162 $189
2. (1)
2018 ¥ 65
Millions of yen
 17 80 80 ¥158 ¥162
17
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $1,756,130
103,828 16,647 28,538
(86,154) 730
(4,720) $1,815,008
 Total
As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, debt secured by the above pledged assets was as follows:
Balance of retirement benefit obligations at beginning of period Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial gains and losses
Retirement benefits paid
Prior service cost
Other (foreign currency translation difference, etc.)
Balance of retirement benefit obligations at end of period
2019 ¥194,948
11,526 1,848 3,168
(9,564) 81
(524) ¥201,484
2018 ¥191,472
10,773 1,943 1,391
(9,399) 55
(1,288) ¥194,948
Millions of yen
         Notes and accounts payable—trade
Short-term loans payable and long-term loans payable
Total
2019 ¥ 3
18 ¥21
2018 ¥ 2
53 ¥56
      78 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 79

(2) Reconciliation of beginning-of-period and end-of-period balances of plan assets
(6) Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits
Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits (before tax effects) comprised the following:
 Balance of plan assets at beginning of period Expected return on plan assets
Actuarial gains and losses
Contributions paid by the employer Retirement benefits paid
Other (foreign currency translation difference, etc.) Balance of plan assets at end of period
2019 ¥108,200
1,252 (1,589) 3,918 (6,869)
(937) ¥103,976
2018 ¥109,995
1,167 2,539 3,797 (7,541) (1,756)
¥108,200
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $(13,350)
(5,979)
¥(7,462) ¥(7,711) $(67,219)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $974,687
11,278 (14,314) 35,294 (61,877)
(8,441) $936,636
Millions of yen
   Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses Total
(7) Plan assets
(i) Main breakdown of plan assets
2019 ¥(1,482)
2018 ¥(1,864)
  (5,846)
(53,860)
      (3) Reconciliation between end-of-period balance of retirement benefit obligations and plan assets to liabilities and retirement benefit liability and retirement benefit asset presented on the consolidated balance sheets
The breakdown of main asset categories as a percentage of total plan assets is as follows:
  Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $1,569,687
(936,636) 633,051 245,311
878,371 879,218
(838) $  878,371
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $103,828
16,647 (11,278) 41,654
4,180 $155,031
2019 Bonds 20% Equities 66% Cash and deposits 1% Others 13% Total 100%
2018 18%
70% 1% 11% 100%
   Retirement benefit obligations on funded plan Plan assets
Retirement benefit obligations on unfunded plan
Net amount of liabilities and assets presented on the consolidated balance sheets
Liability for retirement benefits
Asset for retirement benefits
Net amount of liabilities and assets presented on the consolidated balance sheets
(4) Breakdown of retirement benefit expense
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of actuarial gains and losses
Amortization of prior service costs
Retirement benefit expense related to defined benefit plan
2019 ¥174,251
(103,976) 70,275 27,232
97,508 97,602
(93) ¥ 97,508
2018 ¥169,362
(108,200) 61,162 25,585
86,747 86,836
(88) ¥ 86,747
Note: As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the employees’ retirement benefit trust established as part of the retirement benefit plan is included in the plan assets and represented a 56% and 60% portion of the plan assets, respectively.
(ii) Method for setting long-term expected rate of return
To determine the expected rate of return on plan assets, the Company takes into account the current and expected allocation of plan assets and the expected present and future long-term rate of return on the diverse range of assets that makes up the plan assets.
(8) Underlying actuarial assumptions
The main underlying actuarial assumptions as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, were as follows:
(presented as the compound average)
          Millions of yen
2019 ¥11,526
1,848 (1,252) 4,624
464 ¥17,210
2018 ¥10,773
1,943 (1,167) 6,791
353 ¥18,694
Discount rate
Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase
2019 0.33–3.76% 0.00–5.75% 6.50–7.20%
2018 0.40—3.87% 0.00—6.00% 6.50—7.20%
           (5) Adjustments for retirement benefits
Adjustments for retirement benefits (before tax effects) comprised the following:
3. Defined contribution plan
As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the required contribution by the Company and its con- solidated subsidiaries to the defined contribution plan was ¥2,372 million ($21,367 thousand) and ¥2,212 million, respectively.
The Company participates as a risk and revenue sharing partner on the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engine program, which has been impacted by the challenge of managing significant in-service issues. Rolls-Royce continues to work hard to remedy this situation and has made further substantial progress on the implementation of long-term solutions and mitigation of the near-term impact on customers. In the FY2018 financial results, the Company has made a provision of the abnormal cost related to in-service issues which the Company would cover as a member of this program.
   Prior service cost Actuarial gains and losses Total
Millions of yen 2019 2018
¥382 ¥  298 (133) 7,939 ¥249 ¥8,237
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $3,441
(1,198) $2,243
11.
The provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines
   80 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 81

12.
Contingent liabilities
13.
Net assets
Contingent liabilities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
16.
The payments for
the in-service issues of commercial aircraft
jet engines
17.
Payments for contract adjustment for commercial aircraft jet engines
18.
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment
19.
Losses from the termi- nation of a shipbuilding contract for an off- shore service vessel
The Company participates as a risk and revenue sharing partner on the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engine program, which has been impacted by the challenge of managing significant in-service issues. Rolls-Royce continues to work hard to remedy this situation and has made further substantial progress on the implementation of long-term solutions and miti- gation of the near-term impact on customers. In the FY2018 financial results, the Company has made a provision of the abnormal cost related to in-service issues which the Company would cover as a member of this program. The provision was included with- in the non-operating expenses.
The Company faced one-time expenses in connection with contracts with customers related to engine programs in which the Company was participating. These expenses arose from the new requirement to allocate a portion of the engines planned to be delivered to customers for use as spare engines for operational supports. Accordingly, the Company recorded these program expenses as non-operating expenses.
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was due to the sale of the land and building of company dormitories, houses, etc.
These are losses in conjunction with the termination of a shipbuilding contract for an offshore service vessel (losses recognized on valuation of inventories and accounts receivable—trade, etc.).
In November 2013, with the intention of entering the offshore development industry, which is a promising market over the medium to long term, the Company entered into a shipbuilding agreement for an offshore service vessel with a subsidiary* of Island Offshore Shipholding LP (hereinafter, “Island Offshore”). This was the first vessel of its type to be con- structed by the Company, and certain problems during the engineering stage arose along with an increase in the cost of materials and other issues.
From the time the order for this vessel was received, the stagnation in crude oil prices led to a very difficult business environment for offshore service providers in general, and Island Offshore began negotiating financial restructuring with its banking partners from November 2016.
Given the above circumstances, the Company proceeded cautiously, including temporarily suspending the construction of the vessel, while paying close attention to the progress of the financial restructuring of Island Offshore. During this time, the Company was holding discus- sions with Island Offshore regarding the handling of the vessel. Based on the shared under- standing that the environment surrounding the offshore service business remained challenging and that uncertainty about the future could not be eliminated, the Company and Island Offshore agreed to terminate the shipbuilding agreement, and the Company therefore carried out the necessary accounting treatment.
*Island Navigator I KS (100% subsidiary company of Island Offshore Shipholding LP)
     As guarantor of indebtedness of employees, nonconsolidated subsidiaries, affiliates and others
Millions of yen 2019 2018
¥24,384 ¥21,786
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $219,656
       14.
Cost of sales
15.
Research and development expenses
Under the Japanese Corporate Law (“the Law”), the entire amount paid for new shares is required to be designated as common stock. However, a company may, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, designate an amount not exceeding one half of the price of the new shares as capital reserve, which is included in capital surplus. Under the Law, if a dividend distribution of surplus is made, the smaller of an amount equal to 10% of the dividend or the excess, if any, of 25% of common stock over the total of capital reserve and legal earnings reserve must be set aside as capital reserve or legal earnings reserve. Legal earnings reserve is included in retained earnings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Under the Law, legal earnings reserve and capital reserve can be used to eliminate or reduce a deficit or capitalized by a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting.
Capital reserve and legal earnings reserve may not be distributed as dividends. Under the Law, all capital reserve and all legal earnings reserve may be transferred to other capital surplus and retained earnings, respectively, which are potentially available for dividends.
The maximum amount that the Company can distribute as dividends is calculated based on the nonconsolidated financial statements of the Company in accordance with the Law.
The ending balance of inventories was measured at the lower of cost or market. Gain on the valuation of inventories included in the cost of sales for the year ended March 31, 2019 was ¥1,645 million ($14,818 thousand). Gain on the valuation of inventories included in the cost of sales for the years ended March 31, 2018 was ¥3,434 million.
Provision for losses on construction contracts included in the cost of sales for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 was ¥14,451 million ($130,177 thousand) and ¥23,718 million, respectively.
Research and development expenses included in selling, general and administrative expens- es and product costs were as follows:
       Research and development expenses
Millions of yen 2019 2018
¥48,734 ¥45,434
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $439,005
 82 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 83

20.
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Amounts reclassified to profit (loss) in the current period that were recognized in other com- prehensive income in the current or previous periods and the tax effects for each compo- nent of other comprehensive income were as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2018 Resolution
June 28, 2017 General Meeting of Shareholders
September 20, 2017 Board of Directors Meeting (*)
Kind of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Total amount of dividends paid
¥3,341 million
¥5,011 million
Dividends per share
¥2.0 ¥3.0
Date of record
March 31, 2017
September 30, 2017
Effective date
June 29, 2017
December 1, 2017
    Millions of yen
2019
¥  (448) (768) (1,217)
352 (864)
(3,240) 2,258
(982) 306 (675)
(796) —
(796) —
(796)
(4,839) 5,088 249 299 549
(4,867) ¥(6,654)
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2018
¥  450 $  (4,036)
110 (6,918)
 Unrealized gains (losses) on securities Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit
Subtotal, net of tax
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit
Subtotal, net of tax
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit
Subtotal, net of tax
Remeasurements of defined benefit plan
Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit
Subtotal, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
560 (222) 338
114 2,120 2,235
(618) 1,616
(1,085) —
(1,085) —
(1,085)
1,092 7,145 8,237 (3,066) 5,170
2,296
¥8,336 $(59,941)
(*) Dividends per share indicate the amount before a 10:1 share consolidation of common shares with an effective date of October 1, 2017 and date of record of September 30, 2017.
(b) Dividend payments for which the record date is in the subject fiscal year but the effective date in the succeeding consolidated fiscal year
    (10,963) 3,171
(7,783)
(29,187) 20,341
(8,846) 2,757 (6,081)
(7,171) —
(7,171) —
(7,171)
(43,591) 45,834 2,243 2,693 4,946
Year ended March 31, 2019 Resolution
Kind of shares
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Total amount of dividends paid
¥5,846 million ($52,662 thousand)
Total amount of dividends paid
¥5,011 million
Dividends per share
¥35.0 ($0.32)
Dividends per share
¥30.0
Date of record
March 31, 2019
Date of record
March 31, 2018
Effective date
June 27, 2019
Effective date
June 28, 2018
      June 26, 2019 General Meeting of Shareholders
Common stock
      Year ended March 31, 2018 Resolution
Kind of shares
     June 27, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders
Common stock
      22.
Income taxes
Income taxes in Japan applicable to the Company and its consolidated domestic subsidiaries consist of corporate tax (national tax) and enterprise and inhabitants’ taxes (local taxes), which, in the aggregate, resulted in a statutory tax rate of approximately 30.5% and 30.7% for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(a) The significant differences between the statutory and effective tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
         Increase (decrease) during the year Total other comprehensive income
(43,843)
    21. Dividends
(a) Dividends paid
Year ended March 31, 2019 Resolution
June 27, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders
October30,2018 Board of Directors Meeting
Statutory tax rate
Valuation reserve
Equity in income of nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Changing tax rate
Tax credit for research and development expenses
Elimination of unrealized profits
Other
Effective tax rate
2019 30.5%
(0.9) (1.7) — (4.7) (1.1) (0.9) 21.2%
2018 30.7%
(25.7) (3.7)
3.5 (1.8) (1.2) 3.2
5.0%
      Kind of shares
Common stock
Commonstock
Total amount of dividends paid
¥5,011 million ($45,140 thousand)
¥5,846million ($52,662 thousand)
Dividends per share
¥30.0 ($0.27)
¥35.0 ($0.32)
Date of record
March 31, 2018
Effective date
June 28, 2018
     September30, December3, 2018 2018
 84 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 85

(b) Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2019 and 24.
2018 were as follows:
Deferred tax assets:
Provision for bonuses
Retirement benefit liability
Loss from inventory revaluation
Unrealized loss on marketable securities, investment securities and other
Loss on valuation of land
Allowance for doubtful receivables
Depreciation
Inventories—elimination of intercompany profits
Fixed assets—elimination of intercompany profits
Provision for construction warranties
Provision for losses on construction contracts
Provision for the in-service issues of commercial aircraft jet engines
Net operating loss carryforwards Other
Gross deferred tax assets Less valuation reserve
Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities:
Reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets Reserve for special depreciation
Net unrealized gain on securities
Retained earnings for foreign subsidiaries
Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax assets
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 66,093 350,464 26,844
13,359 7,468 10,513 73,957 16,134 5,072 30,439 77,011
31,538 6,873 140,807 856,635
(61,661) 794,973
38,609 13,197 10,359 66,895 39,042
168,129 $626,835
Profit per share
Per share amounts for the years ended March 31, 2019, and 2018 are set forth in the table below.
  Millions of yen 2019 2018
¥ 7,337 ¥ 6,887 38,905 36,944 2,980 3,071
1,483 1,550 829 758 1,167 1,437 8,210 7,994 1,791 1,848 563 559 3,379 3,336 8,549 5,650
3,501 — 763 1,443 15,631 14,014 95,095 85,497
(6,845) (7,179) 88,250 78,317
4,286 4,341 1,465 1,374 1,150 1,509 7,426 7,038 4,334 3,609
18,664 17,872 ¥69,585 ¥60,445
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$247,302 $247,302
   Basic profit per share: Profit
Profit allocated to common stock
Weighted average number of shares of common stock
2019
¥27,453 ¥27,453
2018
¥28,915 ¥28,915
       Number of shares in millions 2019 2018
    167 167
Note: As the Company had no dilutive securities at March 31, 2019 or 2018, the Company has not disclosed diluted profit
     25.
Derivative transactions
per share for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018.
(a) Outstanding positions and recognized gains and losses at March 31, 2019 were as follows:
     (Derivative transactions to which the Company did not apply hedge accounting)
 2019
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Gain (loss)
$(10,296) 171
(1,748)
  Contract Contractamount
Fair value
Gain (loss)
 amount
¥46,271 EUR 1,137 Others 10,917
To purchase
USD 14,860 EUR 68 Others 1,544
Total ¥74,799 Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
over 1 year
  Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
   To sell USD
¥
— 28 ¥28
  — — —
—
¥(1,143) ¥(1,143)
  19 (194)
19 (194)
       23.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents reconciled to the accounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets in the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
11 11 99 (1) (1) (9)
5 5 45 ¥(1,303) ¥(1,303) $(11,738)
      Cash and deposits:
Time deposits with maturities over three months:
Total
2019 ¥74,311
(6,000) ¥68,311
2018 ¥70,632
(6,269) ¥64,362
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $669,408
(54,049) $615,359
   86 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 87

(Derivative transactions to which the Company applied hedge accounting)
(b) Outstanding positions and recognized gains and losses at March 31, 2018 were as follows:
2019
Contract amount
¥22,694 10,761 906
8,231 2,841 3,364
¥48,799
2019
Millions of yen
Contract amount over 1 year
¥3,354 — 102
3,027 220 589 ¥7,294
(Derivative transactions to which the Company did not apply hedge accounting)
   Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
To sell
USD EUR Others
To purchase
USD EUR Others
Total
Subject of hedge
Accounts receivable—trade
Accounts payable—trade
Fair value
¥(333) 133
(33)
221 (133)
16 ¥(129)
Contract amount
over 1 year value
$30,213 $(3,000) — 1,198
919 (297)
27,268 1,991 1,982 (1,198) 5,306 144
$65,706 $(1,162)
2018 Millions of yen
Contract amount
¥49,033 7,754 13,615
473
386 1,152 Total ¥72,415
Contract amount over 1 year
¥    — — 3,942
— — —
¥3,942
Fair value
¥1,188 145
(58)
(8)
9 9
     Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
To sell USD EUR
Others
To purchase
Gain (loss)
¥1,188 145
(58)
                 USD EUR Others
(8)
           Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
(16) ¥1,259
(16) ¥1,259
Fair value
¥1,017 27
(3)
(312) (19) (48)
¥  661
 Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
(Derivative transactions to which the Company applied hedge accounting)
 Thousands of U.S. dollars
2018
Millions of yen
 Subject of hedge
Accounts receivable—trade
Accounts payable—trade
Contract amount
$204,432 96,937 8,161
74,146 25,592 30,304
$439,591
2019
Contract amount
¥7,500 ¥7,500
Fair
  Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
To sell
USD EUR Others
To purchase
USD EUR Others
Total
Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
To sell
USD EUR Others
To purchase
USD EUR Others
Subject of hedge
Accounts payable—trade
Accounts payable—trade
Contract amount
¥36,716 1,743 4,199
9,878 3,518 5,496
Contract amount over 1 year
¥    — 403 2,084
153 387 316
¥3,346
                                            Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
Total ¥61,553
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
       Interest related contracts:
Fixed-rate payment/ floating-rate receipt
Subject of hedge
Long-term loans payable
Millions of yen
Contract amount Fair over 1 year value
¥7,500 ¥(79) ¥7,500 ¥(79)
26.
Financial Instruments
Information related to financial instruments as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 was as follows.
(1) Matters related to the status of financial instruments
(a) Policies on the use of financial instruments
The Company meets its long-term operating capital and capital expenditure requirements through bank loans and the issuance of bonds and meets its short-term operating capital requirements through bank loans and the issuance of short-term bonds (electronic commer- cial paper). Temporary surplus funds are managed in the form of financial assets that have a high level of safety. The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to hedge the risks described below and does not engage in speculative transactions as a matter of policy.
      88 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 89
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.

(b) Details of financial instruments and risks associated with those instruments
Notes and accounts receivable – trade are exposed to the credit risk of customers. The Company operates internationally and has significant exposure to the risk of fluctuation in foreign exchange rates. However, this risk is hedged using exchange contracts, etc., against the net position of foreign currency exposure. Investments in securities comprise mainly equity securities of companies with which the Company conducts business and are held to maintain relationships with these business partners. With such securities, listed stocks are exposed to market fluctuation risk.
Almost all notes and accounts payable – trade and electronically recorded obligations are due within one year. A portion of accounts payable - trade are denominated in foreign cur- rency—specifically those related to payment for imported materials, etc., and are exposed to the risk of foreign currency fluctuation. However, this risk is mitigated principally by the position of accounts payable - trade denominated in foreign currency being less than the position of receivables in the same currency. Loans payable and bonds payable are used mainly to raise operating capital and carry out capital expenditure and are due in a maxi- mum of eighteen years from March 31, 2019 (twenty years in 2018). A portion of these instruments is exposed to the risk of interest rate fluctuation. However, such risk is hedged using derivatives (interest rate and currency swaps) as necessary.
In sum, derivatives comprise exchange and currency option contracts used to hedge for- eign currency fluctuation risk on receivables and payables in foreign currencies and interest rate swap contracts to hedge interest rate fluctuation risk on debt. With regard to hedge accounting, see Note 2(r), “Hedge accounting.”
(c) Risk management system for financial instruments
(i) Management of credit risk, including customer default risk
The Company’s sales management functions and those of its consolidated subsidiaries regularly evaluate the financial circumstances of customers and monitor the due dates and balances by customer to identify and limit doubtful accounts.
With regard to derivative transactions, the Company enters into contracts with highly rated financial institutions to reduce counterparty risk. The amount presented in the bal- ance sheet is the maximum credit risk at the fiscal year-end of the financial instruments that are exposed to credit risk.
(ii) Management of market risk (related to foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, etc.)
The Company and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries hedge foreign currency fluctua- tion risk on receivables and payables in foreign currencies using exchange contracts, which are categorized by the type of currency and the monthly due date. In principle, the net position of receivables less payables in a foreign currency is hedged with forward exchange contracts. The Company and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries hedge interest rate risk on debt using interest rate swap contracts.
With regard to investments in securities, the Company reviews its holding policies through periodic analysis of market prices and the financial condition of the issuers, tak- ing into consideration the relationships with its business partners.
With regard to derivatives, in accordance with rules for the provision of transaction authorization, the Company’s finance functions and those of its consolidated subsidiaries manage transactions in accordance with an established set of fundamental policies, such as those covering limitations on transaction amounts, under the authority of the director in charge of finance. Transactions are reported to the director in charge of finance on a monthly basis. Consolidated subsidiaries manage derivatives in accordance with the same rules as those of the Company.
(iii) Management of liquidity risk (risk of the Company being unable to meet its payment obli- gations by their due dates)
The Company manages liquidity risk through its finance department, maintaining and updating its finance plans based on reports from each business division. Liquidity risk is
managed through the diversification of financing methods, taking into consideration the financing environment and balancing long- and short-term financing requirements, secur- ing commitment lines, etc.
(d) Supplemental information on the fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments includes values based on market price and reasonably estimated values when market price is not available. However, as variables are inherent in these value calculations, the resulting values may differ if different assumptions are used. With regard to the contract amounts, etc., of the derivatives described in Note 25, “Derivative transactions,” these amounts do not represent the market risk associated with the corresponding derivative transactions themselves.
(2) Fair values of financial instruments
The book values, the fair values and the differences between these values as of March 31, 2019 were as follows (Financial instruments for which the fair value was extremely difficult to determine were not included, as described in remark (ii)):
2019
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Unrealized gains (losses)
$     — (207)
 Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Investment securities
Total assets
Notes and accounts payable - trade
Electronically recorded obligations - operating
Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (excluding lease obligations)
Long-term debt, less current portion (excluding lease obligations)
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*)
Book value
¥ 74,311 427,665 8,140 ¥510,117 247,191 123,083
110,023
327,568 ¥807,867 ¥   (1,511)
Fair value
¥ 74,311 427,641 8,140 ¥510,094 247,191 123,083
110,023
329,337 ¥809,636 ¥   (1,511)
Unrealized gains (losses)
¥    — (23)
  ——
 ¥  (23) —
—
—
1,768 ¥1,768 ¥    —
$  (207) —
—
—
15,926 $15,926 $     —
       (*) Derivative financial instruments are presented as net amounts. Negative amounts stated with parentheses ( ) indicate that the net amount is a liability.
The book values, fair values and the differences between these values as of March 31, 2018 were as follows (Financial instruments for which the fair value was extremely difficult to determine were not included, as described in remark (ii)):
Book value ¥ 70,632 470,110 9,387 ¥550,130 245,398 117,772
128,978
315,685 ¥807,835 ¥  1,920
Unrealized gains (losses
2018 Millions of yen
 Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Investment securities
Total assets
Notes and accounts payable - trade
Electronically recorded obligations - operating
Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (excluding lease obligations)
Long-term debt, less current portion (excluding lease obligations)
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*)
Fair value
¥ 70,632 ¥  —
 470,049 (60) 9,387 —
¥550,069 ¥(60) 245,398 — 117,772 —
128,978 —
315,686 1 ¥807,836 ¥  1 ¥  1,920 ¥  —
         90 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 91
(*) Derivative financial instruments are presented as net amounts. Negative amounts stated with parentheses ( ) indicate that the net amount is a liability.

(i) Methods used to calculate the fair value of financial instruments and details of securities and derivative instruments
<Assets>
- Cash and deposits
The fair value of cash on hand and in banks is stated at the relevant book value since the settlement periods are short and the fair values are substantially the same as the book values.
- Notes and accounts receivable - trade
The fair value of notes and accounts payable – trade is stated at present value comput- ed by applying a discount rate reflecting the settlement period and the credit risk.
- Investment securities
Equity securities are stated at the fair value, and bonds are stated at market price or the asking price of financial institutions. See Note 2(j), “Investment securities,” for the detailed information by classification.
<Liabilities>
- Notes and accounts payable - trade, Electronically recorded obligations - operating, short-term loans payable and current portion of long-term loans payable
Since the settlement periods of these items are short and their fair values are sub- stantially the same as their book values, the relevant book values are used.
- Long-term debt, less current portion
The fair value of bonds payable is calculated based on trading reference data. The fair value of long-term loans payable is calculated by applying a discount rate to the total principal and interest. That discount rate is based on the interest rates of similar new loans.
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade
Total $4,349,509
$— ——
Within 1 year
Over 1 year but within 5 years
$      — 172,390 $172,390
Over 5 within
years but 10 years
Over 10 years
 $  669,408 3,680,092
$— $—
   Within 1 year ¥ 70,632 453,461 Total ¥524,093
Over 1 year but within 5 years
¥     — 16,648 ¥16,648
Over 5 within
Over 10 years ¥—
— ¥—
2018 Millions of yen
$—
years but 10 years
¥— — ¥—
 Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade
   27.
Finance leases
(iv) Planned repayment amounts after the balance sheet date for bonds payable and long-term loans payable.
See Note 8, “Short-term debt and long-term debt.”
Finance leases commenced prior to April 1, 2008 which do not transfer ownership of the leased assets to the lessee are accounted for as operating leases. Information regarding such leases, as required to be disclosed in Japan, is as follows:
<Lessee>
The original costs of leased assets under non-capitalized finance leases and the related accu- mulated depreciation and amortization, assuming it was calculated by the straight-line meth- od over the term of the respective lease, as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
  <Derivatives>
See Note 25, “Derivative transactions.”
(ii) Financial instruments for which the fair value is extremely difficult to determine.
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $21,079
(16,692) $ 4,387
—
— $    —
  Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $ 57,301
95,838 590,704 $743,852
Property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation
Intangible assets Accumulated amortization
2019 ¥2,340
(1,853) ¥  487
—
— ¥   —
2018 ¥5,224
(4,413) ¥  809
22 (21)
¥     1
   Unlisted equity securities and investments in partnerships Stocks of nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Investments in affiliates
Total
2019 ¥ 6,361
10,639
65,574 ¥82,575
2018 ¥ 5,411
10,224
68,090 ¥83,725
        Since no market values are available for these items and since it is extremely difficult to determine their fair values, the items listed in the table above are not included in investment securities.
(iii) Planned redemption amounts after the balance sheet date for monetary receivables and investment securities with maturity dates as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
The present values of future minimum lease payments under non-capitalized finance leases as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
  2019
Millions of yen
Current portion Noncurrent portion
Total
Millions of yen 2019 2018
¥162 ¥355 383 546 ¥546 ¥902
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $1,459
3,450 $4,918
   Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Total
Within 1 year
¥ 74,311 408,527 ¥482,839
Over 1 year but within 5 years
¥     — 19,137 ¥19,137
Over 5 years but within 10 years
¥— — ¥—
Over 10 years
¥— — ¥—
Lease payments, “as if capitalized” depreciation and amortization and interest expense for non-capitalized finance leases for the years ended March 31, 2019, and 2018 were as follows:
   Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $3,252
2,802 171
 Lease payments
Depreciation and amortization Interest
2019 ¥361
311 19
2018 ¥905
794 35
   92 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 93

28.
Operating leases
29.
Segment information
(c) Sales, profit (loss), assets, liabilities and other items by reportable segment
  The schedule of future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2019
Within one year Over one year
Total
(a) Overview of reportable segments
External sales
¥  463,958 253,041 222,095 78,974
124,689 356,847 95,136 ¥1,594,743 — ¥1,594,743
External sales
¥  469,507
251,640
198,996
95,610 141,760 331,659
85,066 ¥1,574,242 — ¥1,574,242
Segment Depreciation/ assets amortization
¥  649,260 ¥21,299
301,798 3,412
205,199 8,220
121,918 1,559 211,102 2,615 283,770 15,317
and intangible assets
¥24,022 2,237 11,636 2,360
3,358 18,505 861 ¥62,982 3,918 ¥66,900
Increase in property, plant and
Investment equipment
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $ 32,511
133,474 $165,985
Increase in property, plant and
2019 ¥ 3,609
14,817 ¥18,426
2018 ¥ 2,796
12,022 ¥14,819
Segment profit (loss)
¥32,611 11,634 21,352
1,090 (13,797) 14,366
in equity method affiliates
¥     — 18,552 634 45,955
133 1,549 3,509 ¥70,334 — ¥70,334
Other items
Sales
Intersegment sales and transfers
¥12,089 19,899 17,151
4,549 27 718 41,136 ¥95,572
Other items
Investment equipment
Millions of yen
          The Company’s reportable segments are components of the Company about which separate financial information is available. These segments are subject to periodic review by the Company’s Board of Directors to decide how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company’s operations are divided into internal companies based on product categories. Certain authority is delegated to each of the internal companies based on whether they con- duct businesses in Japan or overseas. The Company’s operations are, therefore, segmented based on each internal company’s product categories. The Company’s seven reportable seg- ments are the Aerospace Systems segment, the Energy System & Plant Engineering segment, the Precision Machinery & Robot segment, the Ship & Offshore Structure segment, the Rolling Stock segment, the Motorcycle & Engine segment, and the Other segment.
From the fiscal year under review, the Company reorganization was carried out in order to further enhance Kawasaki-ROIC management in response to changes in the business envi- ronment. As part of this, the Company reviewed the method of business segment classifica- tion from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and changed its reportable segments from the previous Ship & Offshore Structure, Rolling Stock, Aerospace, Gas Turbine & Machinery, Plant & Infrastructure, Motorcycle & Engine, Precision Machinery and Other Operations to Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, Precision Machinery & Robot, Ship & Offshore Structure, Rolling Stock, Motorcycle & Engine, and Other Operations. Consolidated segment information for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 has been prepared using the revised segment classification .
The main businesses in the Company’s reportable segments are set forth in the table below.
Aerospace Systems
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
Ship & Offshore Structure
Rolling Stock Motorcycle & Engine Other
Total Adjustments Consolidated total
Aerospace Systems
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
Ship & Offshore Structure
Rolling Stock Motorcycle & Engine Other
Total Adjustments Consolidated total
Total
¥  476,048 272,940 239,247 83,523
124,716 357,566 136,273
Year ended March 31, 2018 Millions of yen
   2,501
¥69,760 ¥1,866,652 ¥53,953
93,601 1,527
 ¥1,690,316 (95,572)
 (95,572)
¥     — ¥1,594,743 ¥64,023 ¥1,838,855 ¥59,022
Sales
Intersegment sales and transfers
¥ 5,030 19,695 15,890
Total ¥  474,538
271,336 214,887
Segment profit (loss)
Segment Depreciation/ assets amortization
in equity method affiliates
¥     — 19,118 411 49,749
138 1,474 3,336 ¥74,228 — ¥74,228
and intangible assets
¥34,613 3,738 10,974 4,774
2,505 20,542 696 ¥77,844 4,319 ¥82,163
(5,737) (27,797) 5,069
   ¥30,876 ¥  644,719 ¥20,674
7,686 288,895 3,337
21,648 188,155 7,165
   (3,820) 147,963 1,444 (12,438) 180,792 2,567 15,255 266,550 14,163 2,925 85,061 1,579 ¥62,133 ¥1,802,139 ¥50,932 (6,207) (17,110) 5,205 ¥     — ¥1,574,242 ¥55,925 ¥1,785,028 ¥56,137
   Business segment
Aerospace Systems
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
Ship & Offshore Structure
Rolling Stock
Motorcycle & Engine
Other
Major products
Production and sale of aircraft, jet engines, etc.
Production and sale of general-purpose gas turbine generators, prime movers, industrial equipment, boilers, environmental equipment, steel structures, crushers, etc.
Production and sale of industrial hydraulic products, industrial robots, etc.
Construction and sale of ships and other vessels, etc.
Production and sale of rolling stock, etc.
Production and sale of motorcycles, all-terrain vehicles (ATV), utility vehi- cles, personal watercraft (“JET SKI”), general-purpose gasoline engines, etc.
Commercial activities, sales/order agency and intermediary activities, administration of welfare facilities, etc.
3,786 105 669 41,507 ¥86,686
99,397 141,866 332,329 126,573
    (86,686)
¥1,660,929 (86,686)
        94 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 95
(b) Calculation methods for sales, profit (loss), assets, liabilities and other items by report- able segment
Accounting methods applied for the calculation of sales, profit (loss), assets, liabilities and other items by business segment largely correspond to the information presented under Note 2, “Significant accounting policies.” Segment profit is based on operating profit. Intersegment sales and transfers are based on market prices.

Sales
Intersegment sales and transfers
$108,900 179,254 154,500
40,978 243 6,468 370,561 $860,931
(860,931) $      —
Other items
Investment equipment
Year ended March 31, 2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen
Increase in property, plant and
Other items Depreciation/amortization
Increase in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
¥53,953 62,982
¥50,932 77,844
¥5,069 3,918
¥5,205 4,319
¥59,022 66,900
¥56,137 82,163
2019 2018 Total for reportable
segments
2018 Adjustments (*)
2019 2018
Amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements
2019
  External sales
$4,179,425 2,279,443 2,000,676
711,413 1,123,223 3,214,548
Total
$ 4,288,334
2,458,697
2,155,184
752,392 1,123,466 3,221,025 1,227,574
$15,226,700 (860,931)
Segment profit (loss)
Segment assets
in equity Depreciation/ method amortization affiliates
and intangible assets
$216,395 20,151 104,819 21,259
30,250 166,697 7,756 $567,354 35,294 $602,648
  Aerospace Systems
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
Ship & Offshore Structure
$293,766 $ 5,848,662 104,801 2,718,656 192,343 1,848,473
9,819 1,098,261 (124,286) 1,901,649 129,412 2,556,256 22,530 843,176 $628,412 $16,815,170
$191,866 30,736 74,047 14,044
23,556 137,979 13,756 $486,019 45,663 $531,682
$      — 167,120 5,711 413,972
1,198 13,954 31,610
$633,583 — $633,583
(*) Adjustment is due mainly tofixed assets not attributed to reportable segments.
              Rolling Stock
Motorcycle & Engine
Other 857,004
Other items Depreciation/amortization
Increase in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
(e) Related information
(i) Sales by geographic region
Total for reportable segments
$486,019 567,354
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Adjustments
$45,663 35,294
Amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements
$531,682 602,648
      Total $14,365,760 Adjustments — Consolidated total $14,365,760
(51,680) (250,401) $14,365,760 $576,732 $16,564,769
   (d) Reconciliation and the main components of differences between the total for reportable segments and amounts on the consolidated financial statement for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Net sales for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
Millions of yen
2018 ¥  668,369
381,156 172,203 237,298 115,215
¥1,574,242
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $ 6,071,192
3,540,816 1,691,415 2,344,203
718,115 $14,365,760
2019 ¥  673,963
  Millions of yen
393,066
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$15,226,700 (860,931) $14,365,760
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$628,412 (1,630) (50,041)
$576,732
Japan
United States
Europe 187,764 Asia 260,230
   Net sales
Total for reportable segments Intersegment transactions
Net sales reported on the consolidated financial statements
Profit
Total for reportable segments Intersegment transactions Corporate expenses (*)
Operating profit (loss) on the consolidated financial statements
2019
¥1,690,316 (95,572)
2018
¥1,660,929 (86,686)
Other areas Total
79,718 ¥1,594,743
      ¥1,594,743
Net sales are based on the clients’ location and classified according to country or geographical region.
¥1,574,242 Millions of yen
 2019
¥69,760 (181) (5,555)
¥64,023
2018
¥62,133 (95) (6,112)
¥55,925
Property, plant and equipment
  Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $3,804,036
277,507 28,997 259,211 5,243 $4,375,002
       (*) Corporate expenses comprise mainly general and administrative expenses not attributed to reportable segments.
2019 Japan ¥422,286 North America 30,806 Europe 3,219 Asia 28,775
2018 ¥420,299
28,030 3,239 27,424 804 ¥479,797
  Thousands of Millions of yen U.S. dollars
Other areas Total
(ii) Information by major clients
Clients
Ministry of Defense
Clients
Ministry of Defense
582 ¥485,669
Year ended March 31, 2019
   Assets
Total for reportable segments Intersegment transactions
Corporate assets shared by all segments (*)
Total assets on the consolidated financial statements
2019
¥1,866,652 (102,520)
74,723 ¥1,838,855
2018 2019 ¥1,802,139 $16,815,170
(81,949) (923,520) 64,838 673,120 ¥1,785,028 $16,564,769
Net sales
¥216,989 million ($1,954,680 thousand)
Related segments
     Year ended March 31, 2018
Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, Ship & Offshore Structure, etc.
  (*) Corporate assets shared by all segments comprise mainly fixed assets not attributed to reportable segments.
  Net sales
¥237,737 million
Related segments
Aerospace Systems, Energy System & Plant Engineering, Ship & Offshore Structure, etc.
  96 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 97

30.
Related party transactions
(a) Related party transactions for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
31.
Subsequent events
32.
Other matters
On June 26, 2019, the following appropriation of nonconsolidated retained earnings was approved at the ordinary meeting of shareholders of the Company:
      Type
Name
Location
Capital or investment
Business or position
Rate of ownership (%)
Description of relationship
Details of transactions
Amount of transactions
Account
Ending balance
Account
Ending balance
Type
Name
Location
Capital or investment
Business or position
Rate of ownership (%)
Description of relationship
Details of transactions
Amount of transactions
Account
Ending balance
Account
Ending balance
Year ended March 31, 2019
Nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company
Affiliate of the Company
Commercial Airplane Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
¥10 million ($90 thousand)
Sales of transportation machinery
Directly 40%
Sales of Company products and board members
Sales of Company products
¥115,035 million ($1,036,258 thousand)
Accounts receivable - trade
¥15,003 million ($135,150 thousand)
Advances received
¥61,246 million ($551,716 thousand)
Year ended March 31, 2018 Nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company
Affiliate of the Company
Commercial Airplane Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
¥10 million
Sales of transportation machinery
Directly 40%
Sales of Company products and board members
Sales of Company products
¥116,936 million
Accounts receivable - trade
¥43,820 million
Advances received
¥72,515 million
Cash dividends (¥35.0 per share)
(a) Quarterly financial information
Year ended March 31, 2019
Net sales
Profit before income taxes
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Profit (loss) per share – basic
Year ended March 31, 2019
Net sales
Profit before income taxes
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Profit (loss) per share – basic
(b) Material lawsuits, etc.
<Snow disaster at NIPPI Corporation>
1st Quarter
¥343,785 8,550 2,561
¥15.33
Millions of yen
¥5,846
Millions of yen
2nd Quarter 3rd Quarter
Thousands of U.S. dollars
$52,662
4th Quarter
             ¥688,107 ¥1,094,583 ¥1,594,743
  207 19,865 (3,592) 11,385
Yen
¥(21.50) ¥68.15
Thousands of U.S. dollars
37,861 27,453
¥164.34
4th Quarter
         1st Quarter
$3,096,883 77,020 23,070
2nd Quarter
$6,198,604 1,865
(32,357)
3rd Quarter
  $9,860,220 $14,365,760
  178,948 102,558
341,059 247,302
$1.48
     U.S. dollars
 $0.14 $(0.19)
$0.61
          (b) A summary of the total financial information of affiliates, which was the basis for calcu- lating the equity in income of the nonconsolidated affiliates, including that of Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd., which is a significant affiliate, for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 was as follows:
Due to the heavy snowfall on February 15, 2014, an aircraft hangar’s roof at a consolidated subsidiary’s NIPPI Corporation’s Atsugi Plant collapsed, causing damage to aircraft of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force under regular maintenance in the hangar. The Company and NIPPI Corporation entered into discussions with the Japan Ministry of Defense regarding how this matter should be handled. However, in July 2017, the Ministry of Defense, based on the contention that it had suffered losses totaling ¥1,900 million ($17,116 thousand), executed an offset for the same amount in relation to a payment claim held by the Company vis-à-vis the Ministry of Defense (central government). The Company did not accept the Ministry of Defense’s contention or its execution of the offset and, consequently, demanded payment from the Ministry of Defense of the ¥1,900 million that had been subject to the offset. However, the Ministry of Defense did not comply with the Company’s demand, lead- ing the Company to institute legal proceedings in October 2017 at the Tokyo District Court seeking payment of the amount in question and the trial is continuing now. The future out- come of this legal action may affect the operating performance of the KHI Group.
Current assets Fixed assets Current liabilities Long-term liabilities Net assets
Net sales
Profit before income taxes and non-controlling interests Total profit
2019 ¥167,183
149,961 122,176 37,275 157,693 197,268 7,616 5,293
2018 ¥158,821
156,573 116,751 33,738 164,904 171,376 10,675 8,446
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 $1,506,017
1,350,878 1,100,586 335,781 1,420,530 1,777,029 68,606 47,680
         98 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 99

 100 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 101
<Regarding receipt of customs duty reassessment notification in the Kingdom of Thailand>
KAWASAKI MOTORS ENTERPRISE (THAILAND) CO., LTD. (hereinafter, “KMT”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company in the Kingdom of Thailand, received a reassessment notification of customs duties for 4,029 million baht (equivalent to approximately ¥14,000 million ($126,115 thousand) when converted at a rate of 0.29 yen to 1 baht) from the Revenue Department of Thailand. KMT had until that time filed its customs duties in accordance with guidance from the Revenue Department. Since the content of the notification of reassess- ment lacked a legitimate basis and was extremely unreasonable, KMT could not accept it and submitted an appeal of the reassessment to the Commission of Appeal, the appeals body for tax assessments received from the Revenue Department of Thailand.
Based on the opinion of attorneys consulted regarding this matter, the Company maintains that there is a strong possibility KMT’s assertion will be upheld.
<Claim for damages in overseas LNG tank construction work>
In connection with a certain liquefied natural gas (LNG) tank construction project carried out by the Company overseas, the Company filed a petition for arbitration with The International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) during the fiscal year under review concerning losses sustained by the Company due to the breach of contract by an overseas construction subcontractor. During the arbitration proceedings, the counterparty claimed damages from the Company, but the Company believes that these claims lack legitimate grounds, and are thus unjustified. The Company will continue to assert the legitimacy of its claims through the arbitration process.

Corporate Profile/Stock Information (As of March 31, 2019) Corporate Profile
 Trade Name
  Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
  Head Offices
President Net Sales
Stock Information
Stock Listings
Total Number of Shares Authorized Number of Shareholders
Year-end Dividend Record Date
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
Major Shareholders
Tokyo Head Office: 14-5, Kaigan 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8315, Japan
Kobe Head Office: Kobe Crystal Tower, 1-3, Higashikawasaki-cho 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 650-8680, Japan
  Incorporated
  October 15, 1896
 Yoshinori Kanehana
• Consolidated: ¥1,594,743 million (fiscal 2018)
• Non-consolidated: ¥1,195,164 million (fiscal 2018)
 Paid-in Capital
  ¥104,484 million
   Number of Employees
 • Consolidated: 35,691
  • Non-consolidated: 16,899
  Securities Code
  7012
  Tokyo and Nagoya Stock Exchanges 336,000,000 shares
113,819 persons
March 31
June
 Share Unit Number
  100 shares
  Total Number of Shares Issued
  167,080,532 shares
  Fiscal Year
  From April 1 to March 31
  Interim Dividend Record Date
  September 30
  Shareholder
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
JFE Steel Corporation
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 9)
Number of Shares Owned 8,256,300
4,176,412 3,539,040 3,057,799 3,012,700
Percentage 4.94% 2.49% 2.11% 1.83% 1.80%
 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
  10,911,600
  6.53%
   Nippon Life Insurance Company
  5,751,661
  3.44%
  Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. Kyoueikai
  3,768,519
  2.25%
  Kawasaki Heavy Industries Employee Stock Ownership Association
  3,286,221
  1.96%
  Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
  3,051,200
  1.82%
   102
Kawasaki Report 2019
Shareholdings by Type of Shareholder
Shareholders by Shareholding Volume
  Foreign Corporations 23.46%
Domestic Corporations 9.31%
Securities Companies 2.42%
Individuals
and Others 29.41%
Financial Institutions 35.35%
Less than 100 shares 0.08%
500,000 shares and above 55.86%
100–499 shares 8.38% 500–999 shares 4.65%
1,000–4,999 shares 10.16% 5,000–9,999 shares 2.14% 10,000–49,999 shares 5.31% 50,000–99,999 shares 2.40%
100,000–499,999 shares 10.95%
      Major Subsidiaries and Associates (As of March 31, 2019)
Aerospace Systems
NIPPI Corporation
Nippi Skill Corporation
Kawaju Gifu Engineering Co., Ltd. Kawaju Gifu Service Co., Ltd.
KGM Co., Ltd.
Kawaju Akashi Engineering Co., Ltd.
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Kawasaki Thermal Engineering Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Machine Systems, Ltd.
Kawasaki Prime Mover Engineering Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Naval Engine Service, Ltd. EarthTechnica Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Engineering Co., Ltd.
KEE Environmental Construction Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Environmental Plant Engineering
Co., Ltd.
Kawaju Facilitech Co., Ltd.
EarthTechnica M&S Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Gas Turbine Europe GmbH Kawasaki Gas Turbine Asia Sdn. Bhd. Kawasaki Gas Turbine Service RUS LLC Kawasaki Machinery do Brasil Máquinas e
Equipamentos Ltda.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Europe) B.V. Kawasaki Heavy Industries (H.K.) Ltd.
Wuhan Kawasaki Marine Machinery Co., Ltd. KHI Design & Technical Service, Inc.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries Machinery Trading
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
JP Steel Plantech Co.
Anhui Conch Kawasaki Equipment Manufacturing
Co., Ltd.
Anhui Conch Kawasaki Energy Conservation
Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Anhui Conch Kawasaki Engineering Co., Ltd. Shanghai Conch Kawasaki Engineering Co., Ltd. Shanghai COSCO Kawasaki Heavy Industries
Steel Structure Co., Ltd.
Precision Machinery & Robot
Kawasaki Robot Service, Ltd.
Kawasaki Hydromechanics Corporation Kawasaki Precision Machinery (U.S.A.), Inc. Kawasaki Precision Machinery (UK) Ltd. Wipro Kawasaki Precision Machinery
Private Limited
Flutek, Ltd.
Kawasaki Precision Machinery (Suzhou) Ltd. Kawasaki Precision Machinery Trading
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Chunhui Precision Machinery
(Zhejiang) Ltd.
Kawasaki Robotics (U.S.A.) Inc.
Kawasaki Robotics (UK) Ltd.
Kawasaki Robotics GmbH
Kawasaki Robotics Korea, Ltd.
Kawasaki Robotics (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Robotics (Kunshan) Co., Ltd. Kawasaki (Chongqing) Robotics Engineering
Co., Ltd.
Medicaroid Corporation
Ship & Offshore Structure
Kawaju Support Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Marine Engineering Co., Ltd.
KHI JPS Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Subsea (UK) Limited
MES-KHI YURA DOCK CO., LTD.
Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. Dalian COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd.
Rolling Stock
Alna Yusoki-Yohin Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Rolling Stock Component Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Rolling Stock Technology Co., Ltd. Kansai Engineering Co., Ltd.
Sapporo Kawasaki Rolling Stock Engineering
Co., Ltd.
NICHIJO CORPORATION
Kawasaki Rail Car, Inc.
Qingdao Sifang Kawasaki Rolling Stock
Technology Co., Ltd.
Motorcycle & Engine
Kawasaki Motors Corporation Japan K-Tec Corporation
Technica Corp.
Autopolis
Union Precision Die Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Motors Manufacturing Corp., U.S.A. Kawasaki Motors Corp., U.S.A.
Canadian Kawasaki Motors Inc.
Kawasaki Motores do Brasil Ltda.
Kawasaki Motors Europe N.V.
Kawasaki Motors Pty. Ltd.
India Kawasaki Motors Pvt. Ltd.
PT. Kawasaki Motor Indonesia
Kawasaki Motors (Phils.) Corporation
Kawasaki Motors Enterprise (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Motors (Shanghai), Ltd.
Kawasaki Motors Vietnam Co., Ltd.
Changzhou Kawasaki and Kwang Yang Engine
Co., Ltd.
Others
Kawasaki Trading Co., Ltd.
Kawaju Service Co., Ltd.
Kawasaki Technology Co., Ltd. Kawasaki Heartfelt Service Co., Ltd. K Career Partners Corp.
Benic Solution Corporation
Kawasaki Life Corporation
Nippi Kosan Co., Ltd
Kawasaki Heavy Industries (U.S.A.) Inc. Kawasaki do Brasil Industria e Comercio Ltda. Kawasaki Trading do Brasil Ltda.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries (U.K.) Ltd.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries Middle East FZE Kawasaki Heavy Industries (India) Private Limited Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Kawasaki Heavy Industries Management
(Shanghai) Ltd.
Kawasaki Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
KHI (Dalian) Computer Technology Co., Ltd. Hydrogen Engineering Australia Pty Ltd. Kawasaki Heavy Industries Russia LLC Kawasaki Trading (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
duAro, the “duAro” logo, Successor, SOPass, the “SOPass” logo, RIDEOLOGY, NINJA, the “Ninja” logo, the “Z” logo, MULE, the “MULE” logo, VERSYS, JET SKI, and the “JET Ski” logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. in Japan, the United States and/or other countries.
Disclaimer Figures in this report appearing in forecasts of future business performance or similar contexts represent forecasts made by the Company based on information accessible at the time, and are subject to risk and uncertainty. Readers are therefore advised against making investment decisions reliant exclusively on these forecasts of business performance. Readers should be aware that actual business performance may differ significantly from these forecasts due to a wide range of significant factors arising from changes in the external and internal environment. Significant factors that affect actual business performance include economic conditions in the Company’s business sector, the yen exchange rate against the U.S. dollar and other cur- rencies, and developments in taxation and other systems. This report not only describes actual past and present conditions of the Kawasaki Group but also includes forward- looking statements based on plans, forecasts, business plans and management policy as of the publication date. These represent suppositions and judgments based on information available at the time.
Due to changes in circumstances, the results and features of future business operations may differ from the content of such statements.
Equity-method associates
Includes operations belonging to the Rolling Stock and Aerospace Systems segments Includes operations belonging to the Precision Machinery & Robot segment
Includes operations belonging to the Motorcycle & Engine segment
      Kawasaki Report 2019
103

  This report can be accessed from the QR code on the left.
This report was created using environment-friendly printing. We selected environment-friendly VOCs zero ink and used FSC®-certified paper produced from well-managed forests.
  October 2019
 Printed in Japan
 