Motorcycle & Engine Main • Motorcycles • Utility vehicles • All-terrain vehicles (ATVs) Products • Personal watercraft (PWC) • General-purpose gasoline engines  Vision
Guided by the “Kawasaki, working as one” philosophy, continue to grow as a manufacturer with primary focus on high-value-added domains in the power sports and general-purpose engine markets.
   Opportunities
Motorcycles
Risks
Motorcycles
Yuji Horiuchi
President,
Motorcycle & Engine Company
Utility vehicles
Ninja ZX-10RR
gasoline engines
Note: The unit pictured is a racing model
● Before-tax ROIC 14.1%
9.4% 8.4% 7.3%
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
• •
Medium- to long-term market expan- sion in emerging countries
Stable demand in developed countries and progress in the development of IoT applications, advanced safety fea- tures and other technologies
Expanding market in North America
Firm growth, reflecting U.S. housing market expansion
• Intensifying price competition in emerging markets
  • General-purpose •
• Tightening environmental regulations Utility vehicles • Intensifying price competition
• Rising materials prices and tariffs due to escalating U.S.-China trade frictionCore Competence• Strong, clearly differentiated brands, such as Ninja and Z
• World-leading product development expertise
• Technological capabilities to develop and produce high-performance, high-quality products • Global production, sales, and service structure
■ Net Sales (Billions of yen)
333.5
356.8
■ Operating Income (Billions of yen)
● Operating Income Margin
 313.0
331.6
4.7%
3.7% 15.7
11.7
4.5% 15.2
   4.0% 14.3
   Business Direction under MTBP 2019
• Increase product competitiveness by introducing new models and expanding the model lineup
• Improve profit margins by raising sales prices and cutting costs and control growth in fixed costs, especially R&D expenses • Promote inventory adjustment and other measures to increase free cash flows
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
     Operating Environment and Strategies
Markets in developed countries, especially for motorcy- cles in Europe and utility vehicles in the United States, are expected to continue to see stable growth, while strong medium- and long-term growth is expected in emerging markets. However, conditions are growing more challenging, as raw materials costs and tariffs increase, reflecting U.S.-China trade tensions, and new manufactur- ers in emerging countries enter markets. As such, Kawasaki needs to improve its productivity.
In this environment, we will anticipate the needs of cus- tomers and draw on world-class product development expertise and our strong, highly differentiated brands, such as Ninja and Z, to quickly bring attractive, highly competi- tive models to market. At the same, we will work to estab- lish Kawasaki as a high-end brand through such means as customer relationship management. Furthermore, we will implement initiatives aimed at establishing and strengthen- ing systems to control and streamline our global manage- ment resources from the perspective of overall optimization. By implementing this and other strategies, we will strengthen our financial platform (increase the operating income margin and free cash flow).
Initiatives to Create Social Value
The Motorcycle & Engine Company has designated as its vision for 2030 developing, manufacturing and delivering environmentally friendly motorcycles, as well as models with “fun-to-ride” appeal and advanced rider-support fea- tures. To realize this vision, in line with the philosophy that drives product development at Kawasaki, the con- cepts of “Fun to Ride,” “Ease of Riding,” and “Better Environmental Performance,” we are working to improve motorcycle performance, enhance rider-support features,
MULE PRO-MX
and respond to tougher exhaust gas, noise, and other environmental regulations. With regard to C-ITS* func- tions, Kawasaki has joined the Connected Motorcycle Consortium, established by the motorcycle industry to focus on development, and aims to put C-ITS-compliant motorcycles on the market as soon as possible. In electric motorcycles, hybrid motorcycles, and other motorcycles powered by clean energy, we are building and evaluating
the performance of prototypes with an eye to future busi- ness development.
* C-ITS: Cooperative Intelligent Transport SystemsGoals for the MTBP 2019• Realize comfortable and convenient transportation by launching connected motorcycles with data transmission functions and help users ride with confidence by adopting rider support functions
• Clear the EU’s strict emissions regulations and other environmental regulations around the world
• Every fiscal year, achieve at least a 1.5% average increase in WMTC* fuel economy on new models over the previous models
* WMTC: Worldwide-harmonized Motorcycle Test CycleFiscal 2018 Results
• Ninja H2 SX: Achieved excellent fuel economy and low emission levels with world-class engine performance
• Versys 1000: Achieved smoother power delivery with a new electronic throttle control sys- tem. Cleared the EU’s Euro5 exhaust gas standard. A new electronic cruise control maintains the selected speed with the push of a button, helping reduce rider fatigue and increase enjoy- ment on long rides.
• 2019MY Ninja H2 SX SE+ and Versys 1000 SE: Realized smartphone connectivity. The “RIDEOLOGY THE APP” enables users to set their riding mode and receive alerts of incoming calls or messages on the motorcycle’s LCD display for more pleasant riding. 34 Kawasaki Report 2019
Kawasaki Report 2019 35