    AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Meeting society’s needs with nature’s blessings
            
    Management Philosophy
Backed by an entrepreneurial spirit,
we dedicate ourselves and our resources to
the creation and development of businesses linking air, water, and the earth.
The origins of the Air Water Group’s business can be found in its name,
which consists of two words: “air” and “water.”
We make use of the resources of our precious earth to create businesses and
contribute to society and everyday life.
Amid a business environment that continues to change at a dizzying pace,
we will continue to leverage the group’s collective capacities to tackle problems faced by our customers and society, and will rise to the challenge of creating new value.
           Contents
01 Management Philosophy
03 Timeline of “Value Creation” to Enrich Society
05 Meeting Society's Needs with Nature's Blessings
07 CEO Message
10 COO Message
13 Air Water’s Business Foundation and Growth Strategy
15 Rooted in and Growing with Local Communities
16 Creating Social Value through Business Activities
17 Feature 1: Using Renewable Energy to Generate Electricity
19 Feature 2: Using the Gift of the Sea for Everyone’s Benefit
21 Industrial Gas Business 23 Chemical Business
25 Medical Business
27 Energy Business
29 Agriculture and Food Products Business 31 Logistics Business
33 Seawater Business
35 Aerosol Business
36 Other Businesses
37 Global Business
39 Research and Development
   01 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Business Overview

    Editorial Policy
In keeping with our mission to help overcome the challenges society faces through our business activities, we have sought to make Air Water Report 2019 an easily understandable source of information. This year’s report begins with an overview of the group’s growth and its efforts over the years to solve those issues, as seen through the lens of the interaction between our many business activities and the community. Similarly, the business overview and the section on creating social value through business activities now incorporate relevant SDGs as these are now a vital consideration when seeking to create social value. The ESG report states clear key performance indicators, illustrating our dedication to a stronger CSR focus in business management. Also included is a diagram showing the business portfolio and growth strategy forged as part of our All-Weather Management System aimed at ensuring greater robustness.
                          Forward-looking Statements (Business Risk Factors, etc.)
The forward-looking statements in this Report regarding estimates of business performance and predictions of future developments reflect Air Water’s judgments based on currently available information, but do involve potential risks and uncertainties. Actual business performance could be significantly different from the projections made herein due to changes in various factors.
     ESG Report
41 Air Water’s Approach to CSR
Environment
42 Key Performance Indicators
43 Air Water Group Basic Environmental Policy/
Material Balance
44 Fighting Climate Change
45 Effective Use of Water Resources/ Effective
Use of Food Waste
46 Message from the General Manager of the
Compliance Center
Social
47 Key Performance Indicators/ Workforce Diversity
49 Rewarding Workplace
50 Offering Safe and Secure Products and
Services/ Enhancing Supply Chain Management to Promote Fair Business Practices
51 Pursuing Stable Return of Profits in Line with Performance and Building Trust/ Promoting Activities Closely Tied to and Rooted in Local Communities
52 Message Head of Human Resources
Governance
53 Enhancing Corporate Governance 56 Enforcing Compliance/ Reinforcing
Risk Management/ Information Security
57 Financial Highlights/ Non-Financial Highlights
59 Financial Data (10-Year)
61 Financial Information
65 Major Group Companies
66 Corporate Profile / Stock Information
 Basic Information
   AIR WATER REPORT 2019 02

 Timeline of “Value Creation” to Enrich Society
    Before Air Water
Air Water Inc. was established in 2000 through the consolidation of three companies—Hoxan Corporation, Daido Sanso Co., Ltd., and Kyodo Oxygen Co., Ltd.—each with different histories and cultures, but a common interest in air and water.
Active Merger-Based Expansion Strategy
Starting in the 2000s, we have expanded our business in scale and scope through a series of mergers and acquisitions, particularly in areas such as industrial gas and medical domains, while ventures in new areas like agriculture and food, and seawater, have built the foundations for our diverse business interests.
2001
● Carbon dioxide and hydrogen gas businesses launched.
2004
● No. 1 VSU unit (high-efficiency, compact liquefied oxygen/nitrogen production plant) begins operations.
● KOBELCO Air Water Cryoplant, Ltd. established.
2002
● Coal chemical business begins.
   1929 Hokkaido Sanso Co., Ltd. is established.
(Company renamed Hoxan Corporation in 1966)
Aiming to save lives and help develop local industries
In the years before the war, a certain individual passed away due to poor transportation conditions and the inability to receive sufficient oxygen inhalation. The deceased’s elder brother, the then head of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Sapporo City, poured his efforts into founding Hokkaido Sanso Co., Ltd.
1929 Operation of 30 m3/h oxygen production machinery begins. 1955 Begins sales of LPG.
1963 Production and sales of Bath-All prefabricated bath units begins. 1979 Frozen foods business utilizing liquid nitrogen launched.
1933 Daido Sanso Co., Ltd. is established.
Founded in the spirit of a united front and collaboration
At the time, industrial gas was distributed to the military-support industry, and difficult to obtain for smaller businesses. Daido Sanso was established when oxygen-using businesses decided to take matters into their own hands, and band together and produce it themselves.
1933 Operation of 60 m3/h oxygen production machinery begins. 1970 On-site supply for chemical manufacturers begins.
1983 V1 high-purity nitrogen gas generator is developed.
1988 Industrial magnesia business launched.
1962 Kyodo Oxygen Co., Ltd. is established.
Supporting Japan’s rapid economic growth with oxygen
2001
● Medical services business (SPD) launched.
2007
● Injection needle business
           2005 launched. ● Medical piping
facilities business launched.
2010
● Hospital facility (e.g., operating rooms, ICU) installation business launched.
    2004
● Increased momentum for LNG tank container business.
2009
● Sales of VIVIDO, a hybrid water warming and heating system, begins.
   2002
● Ham and sausage business begins.
   Kyodo Oxygen was established in the midst of the Japanese economic miracle. Sumitomo Metal Industries established Kyodo Oxygen inside its Wakayama Ironworks to meet rapidly increasing steel demand, and the supply of oxygen for converter steelmaking began.
2002
● Expands aerosol business.
2007
2009
● Air Water Farm established; production business begins.
2008
● Electronic material business launched.
        1962 1978
1930
Supply of gas to Kokura Ironworks begins.
Production and sales of ELNACKS® welding argon begins.
● Seawater business established with salt production and industrial magnesia operations.
        03 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Energy 16%
Net sales
220.8 billion yen
FY2000 Japanese Accounting Standards
Industrial 3% Gas
55%
2000
Energy 10%
Net sales 38% 471.8 billion
Other 19%
Agriculture and Food Products
Other 18%
Industrial Gas
Medical 10%
Medical 14%
Chemical 17%
FY2010 Japanese Accounting Standards
yen
   2010
Industrial Gas Chemical Medical Energy Agriculture and Food Other
Hoxan Daido Sanso Kyodo Oxygen

Air Water Inc. was established in 2000 through the consolidation of three companies—Hoxan Corporation, Daido Sanso Co., Ltd., and Kyodo Oxygen Co., Ltd.—each with different histories and cultures, to begin a new mission and purpose: to provide services that innovate industry and society through “air and water.”
Since then, the new company has conducted aggressive M&A activities to reinforce its business foundation, expand its business areas, and improve the comprehensive strength of the group.
Air Water will continue taking on businesses that are ahead of their time, in keeping with the spirit of its founder, which has been passed down in an unbroken line.
 Reinforcing the All-Weather Management System
Since 2010, our M&A-based expansion into new lifestyle-related business domains like agriculture and food, and “lifestyle medical,” has been designed to ensure Air Water continues to grow in a stable manner. The result is our All-Weather Management System, a finely balanced portfolio covering industrial and lifestyle-related businesses.
  2013
● Acquires a stake in Elenbarrie Industrial Gases Limited (India).
2014
● VSUA, capable of producing argon, goes into operation in Vietnam.
2016
● Equipment manufacturing business launched in Malaysia.
2019
● Increased momentum for industrial gas operations in India.
     2015 2019
● Naphthoquinone-led quinone business launched. ● Transfers coal chemical business.
  2011
2013
2019
●AirWaterInternationalAdvanced Medical Center opened in Kobe.
●Dentalbusinesslaunched. ●Expandshomemedicalcare
and SPD business.
2016
● Sanitary materials business launched.
2017
● Hospital interior and facility installation business launched in Singapore.
   2012
● LP gas-powered mobile power source cars developed.
   2011
● Fruit and vegetable wholesale and processing business launched.
2015
● Fruit and vegetable retail business launched. 2012 2016
● Contract production of beverages ● Chilled desserts and sweets business launched. business launched.
 2013 ● Manufacture and sales of agriculture machinery business launched.
    2013
● Water treatment facility and pipe renewal business launched.
2015
● Woody biomass power generation business launched.
Other
(incl. seawater and aerosol businesses)
Industrial Gas 176.4 billion yen
Chemical 75.7 billion yen
Medical 176.7 billion yen
    135.6 billion yen
Logistics
47.9 billion yen
Agriculture and Food Products 136.6 billion yen
Energy
52.7 billion yen
22%
17%
6% Net sales
801.5 billion yen
    FY2018 Japanese Accounting
9%
17% Standards
22%
   7%
  2011
● Vehicle body mounting
business launched. 2013
● Low-Temperature Logistics Center opened; increased momentum for low-temperature logistics business.
   AIR WATER REPORT 2019 04
2019
               Industrial Gas Chemical Medical Energy Agriculture and Food Logistics Other
  
 Contributing to Manufacturing and Supporting Lifestyles
Meeting Society’s Needs
“Meeting society’s needs with nature’s blessings” was newly established as the group’s corporate slogan in November 2018.
It speaks of our strengths and the social value we provide, such as how our technologies, expertise, and business model combine seamlessly to transform air and water into a stable, sustainable supply of invaluable products, services, and solutions for industries and lifestyles. Indeed, it encapsulates our determination to serve as a valued partner, providing essential resources from the earth in ways that meet the requirements of all people, communities, and industries.
    Industrial Gas Business P.21
  Chemical Business P.23
Our ability to harness the qualities of oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and other gases to benefit everything from manufacturing to everyday life supports the very foundation of society. The Air Water Group stably supplies various industrial gases that meet customer needs through its sales bases and nationwide production network extending from Hokkaido to Kyushu.
 We are not simply suppliers; we strive to add real value for customers. Our wealth of advanced separation and synthesis techniques, accumulated over many years of experience, enable us to offer a variety of organic acid products. These include electronic materials, pharma- ceutical and agricultural intermediates, and circuits, and—thanks to the consolidation of Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals into the Air Water Group in 2015—the world’s only commercially produced quinone-based products, phthalic anhydride, and other organics.
   Agriculture and Food Products Business P.29
  Logistics Business P.31
  05 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
The Food Products Business, which started with the sales of frozen foods utilizing liquid nitrogen, commenced full-scale participation in the agriculture sector in 2009. Our operations in this area now span three domains relevant to ensuring a secure supply of safe food for consumers. These are: processed agricultural products, which covers everything from plant cultivation to procurement, including products such as ham, deli food, frozen food, and confectionery; beverages, covering fruit, vegetables, and juice; and independent food and farming, covering produce retail and agriculture machinery.
We operate a comprehensive range of logistics businesses, including container transport between Hokkaido and Honshu, and—taking advantage of the low-temperature transportation technology accumulated in the transportation of high-pressure gases such as oxygen and nitrogen—distribution services with warehouse functions, food logistics for retaining freshness through nuanced temperature control, medical logistics for transporting blood (plasma), and even the manufacturing of vehicles.
  
   with Nature’s Blessings
  Other
(incl. seawater and aerosol businesses) 135.6 billion yen
Logistics
47.9 billion yen
Agriculture and Food Products 136.6 billion yen
Energy
52.7 billion yen
Other
(incl. seawater and aerosol businesses) 8.4 billion yen
Logistics
2.6 billion yen
Agriculture and Food Products 4.9 billion yen
*Incl. -370 mil. yen adjustment of general administrative and other expenses not attributable to segments.
17%
6% Net sales
801.5 billion yen
22%
Industrial Gas 176.4 billion yen
Chemical 75.7 billion yen
Medical 176.7 billion yen
16.6%
22%
   5.2% 9.7%
Ordinary income
33.8%
Industrial Gas 17.1 billion yen
Chemical 3.7 billion yen
   9%
47.0
billion yen*
 FY2018 Japanese Accounting Standards
FY2018 Japanese Accounting
 17%
7%
Energy Standards
4.0 billion yen
Medical
9.9 billion yen
7.9% 7.3% 19.5%
        Medical Business P.25
  Energy Business P.27
Besides provision of medical gases, Air Water offers comprehensive medical solutions from advanced medical care to everyday, general medical care. The group has expanded its business domain to include the construction of hospital facilities such as operating rooms, respiratory and other medical equipment, SPD and contract sterilization, and medical, as well as sanitary materials, injection needles, and dental materials.
 The Energy Business began in Hokkaido in 1955 with the goal of enriching people’s lives. Today, Air Water operates the LP Gas and Kerosene businesses under the Hello Gas brand, still with the same aspiration. The company is also engaged in various other energy businesses, such as supplying LNG, manufacturing and selling LNG tank containers, and retailing electricity, as a comprehensive energy service provider.
   Seawater Business P.33
  Aerosol Business P.35
Recognizing further potential in industries where air and water combine, we made a capital investment in Tateho Chemical Industries Co., Ltd. in 1988. Since then, we have pursued seawater as a business to effectively harness its resources and create an extensive range of products, including industrial and household salt (in which we have the dominant Japanese market share) as well as high-value-added magnesia products.
Our advanced gas technologies enable us to produce (under contract for clients) a huge variety of aerosols and refill products vital to all facets of industry and life, including paints, auto parts, and industrial components; items for the human body, including cosmetics and quasi-pharmaceuticals; and household items like insecticides.
  AIR WATER REPORT 2019 06
  
CEO MESSAGE
Harnessing Our Diverse Workforce’s Talents and
Wealth of Data to Achieve Enduring Growth.
 07 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Kikuo Toyoda Chairman and CEO
Our unique business model, based on the All-Weather Management System and “Order Rodentia Style of Business,” has seen the Air Water Group grow to incorporate more than 260 companies. This solid growth illustrates how being a tool for public good has enabled us to create an ever-diversifying range of social value and thereby make a greater contribution to society’s ongoing quest to solve problems.
Leading such a multifaceted group and ensuring we extract maximum potential will require diligent business management and robust corporate governance. We are fully aware of the magnitude of that task, but we are inspired rather than daunted by the challenge of identifying and overcoming management issues to achieve enduring growth.
Ideal Management Structure and Issues to Overcome
My work as CEO of the Air Water Group is founded on two main pillars: getting the best out of our workforce and our wealth of data. The former relates to channeling the great diversity of the group’s people and cultures into a cohesive effort; the latter refers to the constant use of data as a basis for debate regarding our businesses. The cement that holds these pillars firm is our belief that data is a common language that all can “speak” to come together in mutual understanding and sharing of goals.
A team effort to refine and strengthen these two pillars is vital if we are to achieve our goals: becoming a “trillion-yen company” and setting the stage for our second era; nurturing the next generation of Air Water executives as part of our quest for enduring growth; and using our business to help society solve problems, a sentiment encapsulated in our corporate slogan, “Meeting society’s needs with nature’s blessings.”
Our Vision: Becoming a “Trillion-yen Company”
Becoming a trillion-yen company was established as our vision back in 2010, and we are on track to make that vision reality in fiscal 2021. Achieving this, however, still requires us to take stock of our growth engines and fine tune them accordingly. As I see it, we have three growth engines: Our strategic and aggressive pursuit of mergers and acquisitions, further increases in the profitability of existing businesses, and technical innovation.

 ■ A Groupwide Effort to Overcome Serious Challenges
1 Become a “trillion-yen company”
2 Nurture the next generation of executives
3 Using business to help society solve problems
Achieve mid-term management plan targets
Diversity in workforce and business activities
Meeting society’s needs with nature’s blessings
Setting the stage for our second era
Build a foundation for enduring growth SDGs-conscious creation of value for society
       It is essential that future mergers and acquisitions only proceed when we are sure of a balance between investment and restraint in light of our financial health. Specifically, each M&A must be an appropriate part of a detailed grand design for the pertinent business segment, and should have a clear strategic narrative such as strengthening existing business operations or expanding into a new domain. To that end, prior to any decisions, these projects will be subjected to more stringent scrutiny from the Investment Committee and other oversight bodies than ever before.
I believe that, despite the limited growth that mature business domains may yield to markets as a whole, they are still replete with opportunities for companies with refined business models to extract new growth. After all, maturity brings with it morsels that have been overlooked or discarded. Our task, therefore, is to do a thorough stock-take of our existing operations, and dig deep to uncover hidden opportunities to further increase profit-making ability. That is why our focus on data is so important; close study of data is the way to identify untapped potential in mature business areas.
Meanwhile, we intend to drive technical innovation by integrating the many research and development facilities and personnel currently scattered around the group, and strategically pooling their expertise so as to spark radical developments and innovations. Indeed, the sheer variety of core technologies brought to the Air Water Group by our many companies is a source of competitive strength, a point of difference, and a sales advantage. My plan is to make an inventory of each and every such technology and create a groupwide technology platform; I believe that highlighting our technical prowess will surely spark a plethora of open innovation unique to the Air Water Group. Similarly, applying this pan-disciplinary approach to technology to mergers and acquisitions will surely spark new growth.
When these three growth engines run smoothly, we will inevitably achieve our vision of becoming a “trillion-yen company.”
Workforce Diversity and Leadership Continuity
The number of companies and employees in the Air Water Group have grown to around three times their volume upon inception in 2000. The many employees and diversity of corporate culture we have gained in that time are the group’s foremost strength, and the driving force behind our quest for enduring growth.
I believe that success and growth in business are dependent on people, and that a company’s business strategy and its personnel strategy are two sides of the same coin. Thus, the group’s personnel strategy, which is aimed at eliciting maximum strength from our broad-ranging workforce, is one of the most pressing aspects of our business, and unleashing the full potential of our female employees is particularly important. The distribution of female employees and managers is uneven across our various businesses, and the group as a whole is failing to tap their potential. If we are to develop our wide ranging businesses, we need to incorporate the views and insights of our talented women, and I am hopeful that doing so will lead to new businesses and services. To that end, we must rapidly make our working environments as welcoming to women as to men, tap female employees for management positions, and develop a pool of women able to strive for executive positions.
Indeed, nurturing the next generation of Air Water executives is also an urgent task. We are currently building an Air Water Group Human Resource Bank, a platform for identifying leadership candidates from among the diverse workforce of our many businesses and developing and applying their executive qualities. Those who score well on the assessment are added to the bank for further development, and in this way, objective data is used to identify, develop, and deploy our human resources optimally.
At the same time, strengthening our human resources worldwide is an urgent problem. As Japan has fewer and fewer young people, globalization is vital to ensuring growth. With that in mind, we have in recent years turned our attention overseas, for instance by gaining a foothold in the Indian industrial gas
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 08

  CEO MESSAGE
market and laying the foundations for related engineering and equipment businesses in North America and Asia.
If we are to expand swiftly and surely, we need as many talented people as possible, particularly those who can build trust with our global partners, communicate effectively, and negotiate tenaciously in a global setting.
To tackle these challenges, our overseas and career-track hiring programs are geared toward swiftly acquiring and developing a globally capable workforce to propel the group forward.
Unique Strengths Applied to Solve Problems
“Meeting society’s needs with nature’s blessings” was established as the Air Water Group corporate slogan in 2018, an encapsulation of our determination to create value for society.
The origins of the Air Water Group’s business can be found in its name, which consists of two words: “air” and “water.” It is the bedrock that underpins our promise to all stakeholders: We will effectively harness the earth’s resources to create genuinely beneficial products, services, and solutions; and in doing so, will support industries and lifestyles, and respond to society’s needs.
That promise reflects the proximity of our business activities to the Sustainable Development Goals set by the United Nations General Assembly and a task shared by all humankind. At the heart of the SDGs is a desire to balance business activities with the need to resolve social problems, and as a conglomerate of many functions, it is up to the likes of the Air Water Group to maximize the potential of our various businesses to help the world defeat those problems. As things stand, we are able to contribute mainly in four areas—security, safety and disaster prevention; healthcare; clean energy; and water and the environment—and helping to overcome problems in these areas is now the core focus of our activities.
Complementing our contribution to solutions to environmental challenges through our environmental businesses are our accelerated efforts to reducing the environmental impact of our own operations. For instance, striving to cut carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions is a priority for a group like ours, which is involved in industrial gas and uses vast volumes of electricity. To that end, our mid-term management plan, “NEXT-2020 Final,” outlines response to climate change as one of our key challenges and establishes greenhouse gas (CO2)
emission reduction targets: six percent below fiscal 2013 levels by fiscal 2021, and 15 percent below by fiscal 2030. Also, we are adopting carbon-neutral woody biomass power generation, where renewable resources like forest thinnings are used to generate power, thereby further helping cut our greenhouse gas emissions.
Moving forward, conserving energy and adopting renewable energy remain core platforms of our mid-to-long-term planning. Guided by the SDGs and inspired by our Management Philosophy of creating businesses linking to the earth, we at the Air Water Group look forward to applying our unique strengths and achieving breakthroughs that reward the trust and expectation invested in us by the global community.
Kikuo Toyoda Chairman and CEO
   09 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

COO MESSAGE The Courage to Seek New Frontiers,
and the Ability to Innovate and Reform.
  NEXT-2020 Final: New Mid-Term Management Plan Paves the Way for a Trillion Yen in Sales
Between fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2018, we implemented “NEXT-2020 Ver. 3,” stage three of our plan to achieve the long-term vision we established in fiscal 2010: becoming a “trillion-yen company” by fiscal 2020. That period saw solid performance growth in all segments, which drove stable improvements in consolidated sales and income, and resulted in record figures in consecutive years. Moreover, those three years of growth pushed sales in medical segments to levels rivalling those of industrial gas, while sales and profits in our agriculture and food products business also grew dramatically, establishing it alongside industrial gas and medical as one of the three pillars underpinning our operations.
Starting in fiscal 2019, we have a new mid-term management plan covering the next three years: NEXT-2020 Final. The new plan focuses on becoming a trillion-yen company and on innovation as exercises for the Air Water Group to build up the strength to sustain growth long after the plan period comes to an end.
In that sense, the vision of becoming a trillion-yen company is not a goal but a milestone on a longer journey. We need to embrace change rather than fearing it, because innovating will allow us to lay robust foundations to bear the weight of our quest for enduring growth, and become a strong company in both name and substance. With that in mind, we have identified six key areas of reform.
1. Portfolio reform
2. Structural reform
3. Local business policy reform
4. Head office admin division reform
5. Workforce development reform
6. Social value creation reform
These reforms are complemented by three management
policies as a means of achieving the plan’s targets as well as sustainable growth: mergers and acquisitions, restructuring group companies, and enhancing our product development capabilities.
By the end of the plan in fiscal 2021, we plan to have reached a trillion yen in revenue, 60 billion yen in operating profit, and 37 billion yen in net income. This represents an annual increase of at least nine percent in all these figures. It is a major undertaking,
but achieving these targets will ensure the realization of our vision of becoming a trillion-yen company and propel us to the ideal position for our second era.
Success will require aggressive investment, and we will do so, and we plan to inject 170 billion yen of capital investment over three years. Of this, 40 billion yen will go to maintaining and upgrading existing facilities, and around 130 billion yen will be dedicated to new facilities and extensions. Another 70 billion yen will be spent on mergers and acquisitions over three years, making a total investment of 240 billion yen over the duration of NEXT-2020 Final.
For now, though, our focus for fiscal 2019 is on three areas: improving profitability, generating more momentum for our global expansion, and creating unique local businesses.
Kiyoshi Shirai President and COO
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 10

 C0O MESSAGE Stronger Engineering and Marketing
Across the Whole Air Water Group
Improving profitability is one of our most pressing tasks. Doing so
will of course require strict cost cutting and elimination of waste, but it is also vital that we improve the value we provide to customers. Offering unique products, services, and solutions that exceed clients’ expectations will establish us as a strong business that does not simply compete on price. To achieve that, we need to bolster our technical capabilities.
A wide-angle view of the group’s many businesses highlights one area requiring urgent technical improvement: engineering, where there is considerable room to create new products by improving, customizing, or upscaling existing products. Tackling our engineering strengths and fully nurturing the many “seeds” we have on hand is vital to improve the profitability of our manufacturing operations. To this end, we have established engineering departments in all Air Water Group companies.
Those technical improvements must also be accompanied by innovations in sales and marketing. The first step is to coordinate marketing information held by each company, such as product demand and market share, and subject it to comprehensive analysis. To do this, we have established strategic marketing departments in each company which, in future, will have an expanded role, including using data analyses to formulate sales strategies, identify targets, set product prices, and provide detailed instructions to sales departments. Once in full stride, the strategic marketing departments serve to embed in our DNA the importance of an ongoing cycle of thorough data analysis and improvements based on analysis outcomes, resulting in more efficient sales practices and, eventually, major improvements to profitability.
Ideally, the Air Water Group will be able to continually generate and offer new solutions as each constituent company utilizes and evolves its unique products and technologies, adopting new ideas from outside. The aforementioned dedicated departments in the companies, which are essential to this process, have already been established, and I intend that this will yield positive outcomes and improvements to overall profitability.
Global Expansion Underpins a New Generation of Growth
The future of the Air Water Group clearly depends on expanding overseas and becoming a genuinely global organization. To achieve this, we have restructured our global business departments, and are focusing our organizational strengths on swift, accurate collation and analysis of information to ensure we are ahead of the game and able to offer timely outcomes. Making use of this new framework, we will seek to enhance our global capabilities, including our risk management and governance. With outstanding “offence” and “defense,” we look forward to pursuing greater business success worldwide.
   One of our first projects under this new setup is the expansion ■ NEXT-2020 Final Business and Management Performance Indicators (as per IFRS)
  NEXT-2020 Ver. 3
NEXT-2020 Final
3-Year Growth Rate
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
FY2021
Revenue
742.3
830
900
1,000
134.7%
Operating profit
42.8
48
53
60
140.2%
Net income
28.8
30
33
37
128.4%
                (billion yen)
 FY2018
FY2021
ROE
10.6%
10.8%
ROA
5.7%
6.2%
% of total global revenue
5.0%
10.0%
11 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

 ■ NEXT-2020 Final Concept and Basic Policies
Innovation
 The 6 Areas of Reform
❶ Portfolio reform
New seawater company, overseas expansion
❷ Structural reform ❸ Local business policy reform Clarify main pillars of our business Review to identify areas of differentiation
❹Headofficeadmin ❺Workforce ❻Socialvalue division reform development reform creation reform A stronger organization for greater innovation
All-Weather Management System & Order Rodentia Style of Business
How?
        Growth opportunities
Foundation for growth
Growth drivers
 Mergers and acquisitions
       Restructuring group companies
     Enhancing our product development capabilities
     of our industrial gas operations in the eagerly watched Indian market. Specifically, when global gas giants Linde and Praxair merged in July 2019, we acquired the business in eastern India they were looking to unload and, also in 2019, we are due to acquire their operations in south India by the same method. We hope that this will be the foothold we need to expand our industrial gas interests in India; our goal is that India will contribute around 20 percent toward the 100-billion-yen global sales target set forth in NEXT-2020 Final.
The other driver of our future global expansion is the global engineering business. Merging with Singaporean power protection solutions provider Power Partners in fiscal 2018 and Dutch uninterrupted power supply (UPS) maker Hitec Holding in July 2019 has given us a new core offering: high-output UPS systems. Meanwhile in the North American market, forging partnerships with local dealers to offer local VSU solutions is the next milestone on our quest to, among many other things, establish an industrial gas engineering and equipment business.
North America and Asia will continue to be the dual focal points of our M&A-led efforts to build a foundation for our global engineering business, and thereby lead our global operations.
Growth and Prosperity
Together with Local Communities
The Air Water Group’s long involvement in the industrial gas business has given us the foundation on which to build eight companies throughout Japan that are structured around the regions they serve rather than any particular product or service. We call these “regional business companies.” Coincidentally, our business interests, which have become increasingly diverse
through mergers and acquisitions, can be broadly divided into eight domains.
Our community-centric strategy is geared toward using our vast platform to configure our many technologies, products, and services for those eight regional business companies so as to generate new products and business models that help resolve local challenges and contribute to local development. The regional business companies are required to know their local communities inside out and use that knowledge to identify local issues. As members of the Air Water Group, they then have access to countless products and services that can be put to use resolving those issues, and in turn create new business opportunities.
That kind of business creation is only possible if the eight regional business companies continue to raise their presence in their communities. To that end, they must take every opportunity to make a contribution and to deepen ties with local governments and businesses. Similarly, we mustn’t forget the value of M&As and partnerships in forging unique local business models.
These efforts bring great value: they serve to protect and nurture local businesses and help people build a brighter future. Moreover, such region-centric strategies that value local qualities are one of the Air Water Group’s defining features, and we look forward to seeking enduring growth together with our local communities.
Kiyoshi Shirai President and COO
 AIR WATER REPORT 2019 12

Aiming to Be a Company with Enduring Growth
Air Water’s Business Foundation and Growth Strategy
Business Foundation
A Broad Portfolio Across Four Domains to Generate Stable Growth
Continuity and development are the overriding obligations of every company. One of the ways we have striven to ensure the continuity and development of the Air Water Group is our All-Weather Management System, which provides stability in all conditions. Thus, in an age when many companies are streamlining and concentrating their operations, we seek diversity by acquiring a variety of businesses to complement our core Industrial Gas Business. Today, our portfolio goes far beyond industrial-related business such as gas and energy to include lifestyle-related businesses like medical, agriculture and food, and seawater. The result is the resilience to withstand the impact of business climate fluctuations.
Straddling four domains (industry, energy, healthcare, and food) ensures our portfolio is balanced across stable markets—not just manufacturing and industry but also those related to daily life. In establishing a conglomerate-based operating
structure supported by eight core businesses, we have
brought to fruition our long- standing desire to create an
All-Weather Management System.
           Medical
Chemical Health- care
Industry
Industrial Gas
Lifestyle-related businesses
                      Aerosol
                        F
Fo
o
o
od
d
Seawater
                       Agriculture and Food
               Logistics
          Others
 E
E
n
ne
er
rg
g
y
y
         Energy
Industrial-related business
 13 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
              
Growth Strategy
M&A and Technology Strategy Driving Balanced Local and Global Growth
The Air Water Group’s more than 260 companies contain many SMEs that seek growth through independent management. On the other hand, organic grouping of these units helps us sustain overall growth as a collective. We call this independent-but-grouped approach the Order Rodentia Style of Business, and have adopted it as a central part of our management. Under this unique system, the group’s growth is pulled along by two strategies: our technology strategy and our M&A strategy.
The technology strategy integrates our huge range of technological resources spread across many business domains into a common platform, thereby enabling the creation of new growth drivers. Meanwhile, the M&A strategy provides for the sharing of the Air Water Group’s management philosophy and code of conduct among companies that
     A Company with Enduring Growth
Eight growth-driver business domains
Regional Strategy
Uncovering new markets linked to local needs
Mergers and acquisitions are more than a way to add others’ technologies, expertise, and clientele to our portfolio; they are ideal vehicles to parlay those into new synergies and new values through combination with our existing resources.
     join the group while respecting their independence. We seek to maximize synergies through appropriate combination of the workforces and technical resources they bring to the mix. By blending these strategies with our community-focused regional businesses and expanding global
businesses, we are determined to explore new growth.
Global
Strategy
Led by industrial gas operations
Technology Strategy
Building a groupwide platform to inte- grate our R&D, engineering strengths, and many technological resources pro- motes in-house open innovation, which we believe will spark new technologies and boost our product development capabilities.
                               M&A Strategy
     AIR WATER REPORT 2019 14

 Rooted in and Growing with Local Communities Regional Strategy
Our regional business companies operating in eight regions around Japan arrange and deliver a wide variety of technologies, products, and services of the Air Water Group in response to the needs of markets and customers. Their activities include not only selling the group’s products and services, but also unearthing regional issues and creating new products and business models that contribute to regional development, in cooperation with Air Water and its group companies. They are also proactively committed to the creation of businesses to support people’s lifestyles and local industries taking advantage of regional characteristics.
Hokkaido
Air Water
Capital: 300 million yen Sales: 64.4 billion yen Employees: 1,078
   ■ NEXT-2020 Final Targets
(Unit: Billion yen)
2021
217.7
17.7
8.1%
*Total of all 8 companies
Tohoku
Air Water
Capital: 100 million yen Sales: 11.8 billion yen Employees: 241
 2018
Revenue
173.6
Operating profit
13.7
Operating margin
 7.9%
      Kinki
Air Water
Koshinetsu
Air Water
Capital: 20 million yen Sales: 6.7 billion yen Employees: 222
Capital: 350 million yen Sales: 27.1 billion yen. Employees: 280
  Kanto
Air Water
Capital: 350 million yen Sales: 26.7 billion yen Employees: 321
      Chubu
Air Water
   Kyushu
Air Water
Capital: 350 million yen Sales: 13.4 billion yen Employees: 167
Chushikoku
Air Water
Capital: 100 million yen Sales: 10.8 billion yen Employees: 160
Capital: 350 million yen Sales: 12.8 billion yen Employees: 104
Sales: Fiscal year ended March, 2019
Employees: As of March 31, 2019; including contract employees, etc.
M&A Strategies in Regional Business Companies
Air Water has expanded its business scale and created synergies under the M&A strategies. In recent years, as the regional business companies have been achieving steady growth under the regional strategies, they have begun to take the initiative in conducting M&As. M&As are an important business approach not only for Air Water but also for the regional business companies. Air Water and regional business companies are both continuing to grow under the same strategies.
Contribution to Society by Regional Businesses Closely Linked to Regional Communities
M&A strategies and regional strategies are inseparable growth strategies of Air Water, and the close ties with local communities inarguably form the core of regional businesses. Air Water believes that the reason for having regional business companies is because they are able to think for themselves about growth in local communities from a regional perspective. Aiming to become companies that are rooted in local communities and that match the local characteristics; growing businesses that are rooted in local communities—in the course of achieving these goals, regional business companies communicate know-how on M&A to local communities and support local companies suffering from a lack of successors. Each regional business company will continue growing along with the people of its local community, being firmly rooted in the region and having a vision for an enriched future.
15 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

   Creating Social Value through Business Activities
As a company engaged in businesses related to air, water, and the earth
We will harness the earth’s resources sustainably to create genuinely beneficial products, services, and solutions; and in doing so, will support industries and lifestyles, and respond to society’s needs.
    Key Business Domains
Security, safety, and disaster
prevention solutions
● A stronger infrastructure with our VSU strategy (stable supply of gases vital to life and safety)
● Safety and security with our disaster prevention projects
Clean energy solutions
● Expand our woody biomass power generation business (approx. 80% of the group’s needs supplied with renewable energy)
● Expand LNG and LPG businesses
Water and environment solutions
● Effective use of seawater
● Water treatment and environmental services
● Recycling and use of underutilized resources
Healthcare solutions
● Reduce burden on medical providers
● Innovation in medical services
Segments
Industrial Gas Business
Oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and other industrial gases, industrial machinery, plant manufacturing, etc.
Chemical Business
Carbon materials, electronics materials, agricultural chemicals, pharmaceutical and agricultural intermediates, etc.
Energy Business
LPG, kerosene, LNG, energy-related devices, etc
Logistics Business
Logistics for high-pressure gases, food products, medical products, etc., vehicle bodies mounting, etc.
Seawater Business
Salt, environmental products, water treatment, magnesium, etc.
Aerosol Business
Aerosol products (items for human body such as cosmetics, industrial items such as paint, etc.)
Other Businesses
Electricity, environment-friendly artificial recycled wood (ECOROCA®), metal surface treatment (NV), O-rings, etc.
Medical Business
Medical gases, hospital facilities, medical devices, medical services, home medical care, hypodermic needles, dental and sanitary materials, etc.
Relevant SDGs
                                                                                        Agriculture and Food Products Business
Agriculture, food processing, contract beverage production, produce distribution, etc.
         We contribute to resolving social issues by dedicating ourselves and our resources to the creation and development of businesses linking air, water, and the earth.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 16
Industrial businesses
Lifestyle-related businesses

  Feature1 Using Renewable Energy to Generate Electricity
We use our proprietary high-efficiency, com- pact liquefied oxygen/nitrogen production plants (VSUs) to produce industrial gas close to areas of demand. This system ensures stability of supply while the shorter delivery distances result in relatively smaller green- house gas emissions. Moving forward, we will continue to pursue our woody biomass power generation business with a view to cutting greenhouse gas emissions from the consumption side of the energy equation, as well. Securing a base power supply allowing for a degree of self-sufficiency is vital for en- suring business continuity in all circumstanc- es, including post disaster situations. When running at full capacity, the four power plants shown to the right generate power equivalent to approximately 80 percent of consumption by the whole Air Water Group.
Our Renewable Energy-Based Electricity Generation Business
   Air Water & Energia Power Yamaguchi
Joint venture with Chugoku Electric Power based in the Air Water Hofu Plant. Woody biomass and coal co-fired power plant. Began operating in July 2019. Generation capacity: approximately 112,000 kW.
Air Water & Energia Power Onahama
Joint venture with Chugoku Electric Power based at the Nihonkaisui Onahama Plant. Japan’s largest woody biomass mono-fired plant under construction; operations scheduled to start in April 2021. Generation capacity: approximately 75,000 kW.
Nihonkaisui Ako Plant (2 power plants)
Nihonkaisui has long had its own generation capacity for its salt production business. No. 1 woody biomass plant began operations in 2015, entering power generation business in earnest; no. 2 woody biomass plant scheduled to begin operations in September 2020. Generation capacity: approximately 46,500 kW (both plants).
Nihonkaisui TTS Kanda Power
Incorporated to bolster Nihonkaisui’s power generation business, this woody biomass power plant is situated in Kanda-machi, Fukuoka, separately from the salt factory. Operations scheduled to start in October 2023. Generation capacity: approximately 50,000 kW.
Air Water & Energia Power Yamaguchi
Nihonkaisui Ako Plant
       Trusted Local Power Plants Generating a
Stable Supply of Clean, Low-Cost Energy Woody biomass and coal co-fired power generation at Air Water & Energia Power Yamaguchi
Air Water & Energia Power Yamaguchi, a joint-capital venture with Chugoku Electric Power, runs the Hofu Woody Biomass and Coal Co-Fired Power Plant built on unused land at our Hofu Plant. The facility began commercial operation in July 2019, and sells the power it makes taking advantage of feed-in tariffs. Here, we make a genuine effort to help manage local forests, promote the use of renewable energy, and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by using carbon-neutral woody biomass in addition to some coal, which still offers lower costs and better supply stability.
The industrial gas plant adjacent to the power plant
More than 10,000 tons of palm kernel shells stored in the stock yard
  ■Fuel
Palm kernel shells
Annual use:
Approx. 240,000 tons
Wood sourced within Yamaguchi Annual use:
Approx. 40,000 tons
Coal
Annual use:
Approx. 180,000 tons
   17 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

 Among Japan’s Top Biomass Power Producers
Considering the scale of power generation we seek and the costs of producing electricity, we decided on a balanced mix of woody biomass (which contributes to lower greenhouse gas emissions) and coal. This is made possible by our circulating fluidized bed boiler, which takes air in at the bottom and circulates fuel uniformly through a bed made up of a heat medium (in this case, hot sand) during combustion. The process is ideal for burning roughly cut fuel, and allows for a higher ratio of woody biomass in the fuel mix. This setup also allows for direct in-furnace desulfurization by injecting limestone, and non-catalytic denitration of waste gas by circulating urea. The equipment is therefore compact, as are the costs.
This plant burns approximately 280,000 tons of woody biomass a year (240,000 tons of palm kernel shells and 40,000 tons of thinnings from local Yamaguchi forests) and approximately 180,000 tons of coal. Much effort has gone into establishing transport and loading systems capable of handling such huge quantities of fuel, so as to ensure a stable and efficient supply.
The result is a plant with a generation capacity of approximately 112,000 kW (generator output), and annual generation has now reached around 800 million kWh, equivalent to the entire annual household and industrial consumption of Hofu City. This places this facility among the top echelon of currently operating woody biomass power stations in Japan.
Eco-Considerate Power Plant Uses Plentiful Local Resources
By generating power using carbon neutral woody biomass fuel instead of burning fossil fuels, we contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Hofu Woody Biomass and Coal Co-Fired Power Plant has a comparatively high ratio of woody biomass to coal—around 50 percent—which slashes the amount of carbon dioxide emitted per unit of electricity generated. Moreover, the plant’s low-temperature combustion (between 800 and 900 degrees Celsius) keeps nitrogen oxide emissions lower than high-temperature combustion systems. Other initiatives to protect the environment include using heat-exchanging cooling towers to recycle and reuse industrial water instead of discharging huge volumes of hot wastewater into the surrounding area.
Some of the woody biomass we use comes from underutilized materials such as forest thinnings sourced locally in Yamaguchi Prefecture. Finding uses for forest thinnings is a perennial headache for forestry businesses, and the potential for woody biomass power facilities like ours to offer a long-term solution for this underutilized resource could benefit the local economy. In addition to woody biomass, we use locally sourced resources wherever possible. For instance, we get our water from the plentiful Saba River, a first-grade waterway that flows through Hofu City and provides us with approximately 9,400 cubic meters of water per day (equivalent to twenty-six 25-meter swimming pools), and the limestone used for desulfurization in our boilers is mined locally in Yamaguchi Prefecture, too.
A circulating fluidized bed boiler
A steam turbine power generator
The central control room operates 24-hours a day
Bag filters remove hazardous substances from the boiler’s combustion gases
Cooling towers use water from the Saba River
      Aiming to Be a Familiar Part of the Community
Perhaps strangely for a power station generating more than 100,000 kW, the Hofu Woody Biomass and Coal Co-Fired Power Plant is quite close to the city center. But that proximity makes it easier for us to host tours and show people the impressive scale of
 our facilities and tell them about our environmental efforts. Local residents naturally want to know more about their city, so they are curious about the power plant that has quickly become a Hofu landmark. We are, of course, happy to show off our plant, and we strive to run the plant in a way that can forge ties of trust with our community.
Shinji Yokota
Director of Air Water & Energia Power Yamaguchi and foreman
of the Hofu Woody Biomass and Coal Co-Fired Power Plant (as of July 2019)
Imported palm kernel shells and coal are transported to Mitajiri Port on the Ishin, a specially built vessel designed to carry cargo from the major ports of Kyushu and the Chugoku region. From Mitajiri Port, the cargo travels the 450 meters directly to the power plant on a closed conveyor belt.
                                        AIR WATER REPORT 2019 18

      Feature 2 Using the Gifts of the Sea for Everyone’s Benefit
Our seawater business began as a means of diversifying our portfolio. Today, we are proud to carry on the long tradition of salt production while creating a variety of new derivative products to meet society’s needs. In recent years, the seawater business has garnered attention for its potential applications in a variety of domains, including environmental protection, and seawater is fast becoming a major factor in the group’s latest movements.
Striving to Unlock the Boundless Potential of Seawater and Build a Better Future
These days, our seawater business is pushing back boundaries and making new discoveries in the quest for seawater applications. It all began with salt production, the process of which requires various items and generates a variety of byproducts, not to mention the many things other than salt which can be derived from seawater. Our mission has been to identify the many business seeds offered by seawater relevant to different industries—including medical, electricity, environmental protection, chemicals, and food—and to nurture them into viable, segment-straddling business ventures. The seawater-based industries we develop have the potential to grow and support social infrastructures; desalination techniques and technologies, for instance, may help alleviate the global shortage of drinking water. Today, as ever, we work hard on doing what needs to be done to unlock seawater’s world-changing potential.
        In April 2019, the Air Water Group established a new seawater company, which brought the Nihonkaisui Group, Japan’s foremost salt producer, and the Tateho Chemical Industries Group, a manufacturer of industrial magnesia, into the fold. Our aim is to combine the various R&D, production technologies, markets, and other resources that each party brings to the company to spark innovation and push back the frontiers of the seawater industry.
The seawater company is already involved in projects with potential to be highly valuable for society. Among these activities, expectations are particularly high for the company’s environmental business.
Leveraging Advanced Salt Protection Technologies to Help Protect the Environment
Our seawater business is headed by the Nihonkaisui Group, a collective of Japan’s leading salt producers. Now, we are applying the advanced techniques and technologies built up over long years of experience in salt production to contribute to society through our environmental business.
One example is our magnesium hydroxide business, in which we utilize the residual magnesium in seawater after salt extraction. This is used for desulfurization of flue gas and other applications. Another example is “READ,” our range of rare earth adsorbents, which developed from our existing technologies to remove boron from seawater. READ is used as an adsorbent to remove arsenic, fluoride, boron, and other heavy metals. For instance, it is used in devices to remove arsenic from drinking water in places like India, Bangladesh, and Europe, where arsenic contamination is a serious issue. Moving forward, we are looking to expand these water treatment successes into broader applications in the public infrastructure sphere, such as the rehabilitation of sewer pipes, so as to make an even greater contribution to society.
The relevant markets are evolving: stricter environmental regulations in Southeast Asia and other regions has boosted demand for READ
adsorbents, and there is considerable expansion in wastewater treatment and infrastructure projects. We are determined to grow our environmental management business by developing more new products and establish- ing bases in Southeast Asia as a launchpad for greater things.
Teaching people how to use READ in Bangladesh
    19 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
An arsenic removal device using READ adsorbent
READ-As, an arsenic removal adsorbent
Aquarium business: designed to add to the
Our aquarium business began with an investment in an aquarium scheduled to open in Shikoku in April 2020 in the hope of boosting sales of Sealife, our artificial seawater, and expanding our environmental management business. We are now involved in plans to open other aquariums, and are ideally positioned to offer the necessary technologies, equipment, and materials. Combining the group’s many strengths to open and maintain a state-of-the-art aquarium will serve to broaden our operations and promote synergies among group companies.
      
    Expansion of the Air Water Group’s Seawater Business
   See “Seawater Business” on page 33 for details.
Seawater Research and Development
Table salt, general industrial salt, snow-melting salts
Artificial seawater, water filters, feed, on-land aquafarming, drinking water, other product sales
Saline solutions, dialysis agents
 Institute, aquariums
Potassium chloride, calcium chloride, test gardening
New Salt businesses
    Agricultural chemicals
Water
  Seaweed, furikake rice topping, chazuke rice-and-green-tea flavoring, food additives, food processing, snacks, magnesium supplements
Bittern, magnesium oxide, magnesium hydroxide, fused magnesia, magnesium oxide for heaters, ceramics, thermal conduction fillers
Water treatment, pipe rehabilitation, environment management machinery, underground cables
Seawater
business (derived from
the sea)
Chemicals
Magnesia Environment
Salt
Food
   Food
Medical
   Electricity infrastructure Environment
Biomass-fired power generation, natural-gas-fired power generation, steam sales (registered heat supplier)
Magnesium hydroxide, READ resin, soil immobilization agents, wastewater treatment facilities
  Social (urban)
       Research and Development to
Create New Value and Businesses
Further broadening of the seawater industry’s horizons requires a solid R&D framework to improve our technological prowess, and development aimed at putting those technologies to gainful use. To that end, we are scheduled to launch our seawater R&D project in 2020, with a view to opening the Seawater Research and Development Institute in the spring of 2022.
The institute will be located on the Hibikinada Sea coast of Kitakyushu, a well-appointed site near the Hibikinada Plant of Tateho Chemical Industries, the group’s unrivalled manufacturer of magnesia for electromagnetic steel sheets, and overlooking the beautiful sea alongside some of the biggest names in the Japanese corporate community.
Here, we will pursue R&D aimed at combining seawater technologies and creating new and unique technologies; unconstrained by pre-existing concepts, our team will look to harness the powers of the sea, water, land, and air to create new, high-value-added products and services.
The site of the Seawater Research and Development Institute (in the same areas as Tateho Chemical Industries’ Hibikinada Plant)
The Concept Behind the
Seawater Research and Development Institute
     Sea Water
Land Air
 Combine to create new,
high-value-added products and services
Bring fresh ideas to the industry and create new value
                  group’s business domains and generate synergies among group companies
Sealife,
the standard in artificial seawater
Artist’s rendition of the Shikoku aquarium
                        AIR WATER REPORT 2019 20

  Air Water Group’s Businesses
Industrial
Gas Business
  Business Facts
◇ Ongoing strong demand for gas from the Japanese manufacturing industry
◇ Electricity and logistics costs are increasing
◇ Maintaining a stable supply of helium and carbon
dioxide is a challenge
◇ Increased need for automation and labor-saving measures at client factories
◇ Increasingly frequent natural disasters are driving need for business continuity plans
 Core Strategy
● Grow share of the Japanese gas market through aggressive capital investment and stronger ties with regional partners
● Foster second and third core businesses through new product/service development and global expansion
Major Measures
1 Deeper mining of Japanese industrial gas market potential
Review of FY2018
On-site gas supply for steelmaker clients progressed well in fiscal 2018 thanks to efforts to stabilize operations and improve efficiency. Supply by tank trucks and cylinders was solid overall, sustained by a number of factors, including: deployment of high-efficiency, compact liquefied oxygen/nitrogen production plants (VSUs), as illustrated by the start of operations at the Iwate Plant; stronger ties with major local partners; and firm demand from Japanese manufacturers in the automotive, chemical, and construction industries among others. As a result, industrial gas sales showed robust growth overall, but profit margins were impacted by rising electricity and logistics costs, as well as natural disasters.
Equipment and construction sales grew on the back of orders for gas generators and low-temperature equipment, while the consolidation of Japan Pionics, which we acquired in fiscal 2017, and global subsidiaries into group accounts also contributed.
 ● Open eight new VSUs by FY2021 for a total of 24 nationwide
● Keep abreast of changes in demand from steel and 150,000
electronics industry clients
● Stay on top of rising costs and revise prices as necessary 100,000
     2 Expand device and equipment business ● Use mergers and acquisitions to expand operations
relating to devices for electronics industry clients
● Undertake structural enhancements to expand air separation unit business
● Configure Japanese business sites to establish cost-competitive engineering framework
● Develop a system integration business able to meet clients’ demand for automation and labor-saving
3 Expand global operations
● Expand industrial gas business in India and Southeast Asia
● Expand procurement and sales of gas applications, special materials and special chemicals
Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
50,000 0
2017
2018
■■Revenue 250,000
174,147 16,721
195,000 18,800
■■Operating profit 235,000 30,000
21,000
20,000
In Japan, we forecast solid demand for gas despite stagnant production in some regions and industries. However, increasing- ly frequent natural disasters mean business continuity planning is more important than ever before. Mindful of this, we will work to expand our VSUs and other manufacturing sites, as well as cylinder filling stations, thereby ensuring a stable supply network and growing our share of the industrial gas market. Indeed, we have already begun, with VSUs opening in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima, in April 2019, and in Sakaide City, Kagawa, the following month.
Outside of Japan, the foothold we gained in the Indian market (a market for which high growth is predicted) with the consolidation of Elenbarrie Industrial Gases into the group in fiscal 2018 was reinforced by the acquisition of operations in the eastern and southern parts of the country jettisoned as part of a merger of major gas companies. Moving forward, we will strive to capture the demand for industrial gas in India.
Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen) ■Net sales
200,000
■Ordinary income 25,000
20,000 15,000 10,000 5,000
FY0
Outlook for FY2019
     150,000
50,000 0
2018 2019 Actual Forecast
2021 Plan
10,000
FY 0
  21 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
159,250 16,170
176,375 17,132
 
  Business Overview and Features
The Industrial Gas Business delivers a stable supply of industrial gases, such as oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and carbon dioxide, by the optimum supply method, ranging from supply using cylinders or tank trucks to on-site supply. The Industrial Gas Business also offers gas applications, as well as engineering and industrial equipment, by making effective use of technologies developed in-house.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Stable supply of industrial gases
◆ Reduction of environmental load by improving plant
efficiency
◆ Reduction of CO2 emissions associated with transportation
Types of Gas
Oxygen
Argon
Hydrogen
Rare gas
Xenon Krypton Neon
Nitrogen
Carbon dioxide
Helium
Cutting gas
DIETHYLENE DIE CUT® DIE LASER Acetylene
Welding gas
ELNACKS® DIE ARGON AW SHIELD HOKUSEAL
Others
Specialty chemicals Ethylene oxide
Semiconductor specialty gas Stable isotopic gases, etc.
             Industrial Gas
On-site Supply
Air Water installs gas generation equip- ment on the premises of steelworks, chemical plants, and other facilities that require a large volume of high-purity oxygen or nitrogen and provides gas supply through pipelines.
Cylinder Supply
Air Water supplies cylinders, gas cylinder bundles, LGC (ultra low-temperature liquefied gas containers), etc., to various local industries by the method most appropriate to usage and purpose.
Equipment and Construction
Industrial Equipment
Air Water supplies industrial equipment related to welding and cutting, such as ELNACKS®, an argon-based gas for weld- ing, and offers welding solution services.
Mini On-site Supply
Air Water ensure stability of supply to industries with medium-scale demand such as the electronics industry by install- ing small- to medium-scale gas genera- tion equipment such as the V1, which manufactures high-purity nitrogen gas.
Supply by Tank Trucks
Air Water delivers various types of liquefied gas produced at manufacturing plants to customers’ plants. Thanks to its supply network covering the whole of Japan, Air Water has established a secure and safe supply structure.
      VSUs
Balancing Clients’ Requirements
with Stability of Supply
High-efficiency, compact liquefied oxygen/nitrogen production plants—known as VSUs—are a handy way to produce just the right amount of gas close to the point of demand; they represent a business model with benefits including much shorter transportation distances as we team up with local partners to satisfy local demand. Our 18 VSUs nationwide help make our supply network safer, more stable, and more resilient in disaster and emergency situations, and the shorter distances mean less carbon dioxide emitted during transportation.
The Iwate Plant, our 16th VSU
  Our VSU network (as of Sep. 30, 2019)
Under construction
     Gas Applications
Air Water develops and proposes gas equipment and systems that effectively use the properties of industrial gases to contribute to its customers’ improvement of production efficiency or sophistication of technology.
Engineering
Air Water offers integrated solutions based on the process engineering of cryogenic air separation systems, from design and fabrication to safety manage- ment.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 22

  Air Water Group’s Businesses
Chemical Business
  Business Facts
◇ Advancing technologies (e.g., medical and agricultural chemicals, electronic components) mean the functional chemical domain is becoming broader and more sophisticated
◇ Environmental regulations in China are a risk
Core Strategy
Merge and acquire to expand our functional chemical businesses; utilize the stronger earning power gained from enhancing Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals’ quinone- based product line-up to restructure the business and improve operating income.
Major Measures
1 Mergers and acquisitions
● Target the top fine chemical companies in niche
markets
● Make capital investments for a stable, 60,000 high-efficiency production framework
2
Strive for ever better performance
of quinone-based products
(i.e., by Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals) 80,000
Review of FY2018
While stricter environmental regulations caused some production flutters in our Chinese production plants, weeding out of unprofitable products, expanded sales and price revisions of products mainly for the electronic materials market, led to a major improvement in fine chemical revenues.
At Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals, China’s environmental regulations caused some production fluctuations at clients’ factories, resulting in a drop in sales of naphthoquinone, but a rise in the ingredient costs related to organic acid products led to a price rise, which nudged net sales upwards. Meanwhile, fixed cost cuts and procurement streamlining helped lower manufacturing costs, which ensured profits were solid this year.
The coal chemical business also progressed well, buoyed by an increase in the unit price of coke oven gas refinement and increased sales (by quantity) of crude benzene, a basic chemical.
  Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen) ■Net sales
    ● Integrate the group’s R&D functions to improve product and market development capabilities
40,000 20,000
67,984
2017
■Ordinary income 75,651
3,706
2018
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
FY0
3
Restructure the independent
■■Revenue 40,000
30,000 20,000 10,000
0
■■Operating profit
The outlook for the chemical industry remains tough, particularly with the ongoing impact of stronger Chinese environmental regulations. Amid these circumstances, we completed the transfer of our coal chemical business to the Nippon Steel Group on April 1, 2019.
Moving forward, we are eager to expand the horizons of our Chemical Business, for instance through functional chemicals. Here, we will combine fine chemicals, which are focused chiefly on electronic materials, with carbon material products, including the thermally expandable graphite that we retained when offloading the coal chemical business. Similarly, we will work with Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals and its line-up of general-purpose chemicals like phthalic anhydride and quinone-based products like naphthoquinone to extend our existing range of products, while expanding further into the functional chemical domain through mergers and acquisitions.
business foundation 0
● Strive for intra-group synergies so as to expand into high-value-added segments where we are cost-competitive
● Harness the group’s broad range of business fields to mine strengths, including client base, technologies, workforce, and other resources
Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
Outlook for FY2019
1,854
     23 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
22,917 546
2018 Actual
28,000
300
2019 Forecast
36,000 1,200
2021 Plan
FY
2,000 1,500 1,000 500
0
 
  Business Overview and Features
From electronic materials to medical and agricultural intermediates, through quinone-based chemicals (that only Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals has succeeded in producing at commercial scale), and other organic acid products like phthalic anhydride, as well as high-value-added chemical products like Maximol, which is used for rigid polyurethane foam, we develop, produce, and offer a stable supply of a truly diverse range of products.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Development and production of pharmaceutical and agricultural intermediates
◆ Reduction of greenhouse gases through
provision of products (Kawasaki Kasei
Chemicals, MAXIMOL, SAQ® pulp digesting agent)
Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals
  Functional chemicals
Electronics materials
Pharmaceutical intermediates
Agricultural intermediates
Circuit products
Organic acid products
Phthalic anhydride Fumaric acid Succinic acid MAXIMOL
Quinone-based products
Naphthoquinone
Naphthoquinone derivatives
    Functional Chemicals
Electronic Materials
We leverage liquid air oxidation, nitration, and other synthesizing technologies to manufacture and sell a variety of products to satisfy customers’ needs, such as the semiconductor sealant SK Resin.
Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals
Organic Acid Products
Here we manufacture and sell the phthalic anhydride used in vinyl chloride plasticiz- ers and the succinic acid and fumaric acid used in food additives.
Pharmaceutical and Agricultural Intermediates
The group’s strong arsenal of heterocyclic compounds, which play an important physiological role, are used in the synthe- sis of various derivatives to meet the diverse development needs of customers.
Organic Acid Products Derivatives
We manufacture and sell organic acid products derivatives, including MAXIMOL, which is used in the urethane base for products like heat insulation.
Circuit Products
Printec designs high-density circuits and manufactures and sells high-density mounting boards such as servo motor control boards.
         1 Air Water Acquires Filwel
Precision Polishing Pads Add New Strengths to Electronic
Materials Operations
Filwel Co., Ltd., (headquarters: Hofu City, Yamaguchi; sales for year ended December 2018: 3.1 billion yen) manufactures and sells artificial leather and precision polishing pads. The company began as a project of Kanebo’s R&D department. Its precision polishing pads, which are used in the manufacture of electronic devices, where ultra-high-precision surface finishing is required, account for approximately 70 percent of sales. For our part, adding precision polishing pads to our arsenal of products is a smart expansion of our electronic materials solutions, and as Filwel’s head office and plant are located next to our own facility in Hofu City, we believe we can achieve considerable groupwide synergies through shared use of utilities. (Air Water completed acquisition of all Filwel shares on September 27, 2019.)
2 Air Water Acquires Daito Chemical Japan’s Top Maker of Sodium Acetate Brings Unique Particle
Control Technologies to the Mix
Daito Chemical Co., Ltd. (headquarters: Hiratsuka City, Kanagawa; sales for year ended March 2019: 7.7 billion yen) is Japan’s foremost producer of sodium acetate used in food additives aimed at extending product shelf life and use in (among other applications) dialysis. The company has its own unique particle control technologies, and in addition to manufacturing and selling a range of industrial chemicals like sodium sulfite, also undertakes contract synthesis of organic chemical solutions such as low-molecular synthesis and polymer synthesis. Our intention is to harness Daito Chemical’s organic synthesis capabilities and seek synergies in areas such as our production of medical and agricultural intermediates and electronic materials, so as to add further momentum to our functional chemicals business. (Air Water completed acquisition of all Daito Chemical shares on October 30, 2019.)
Quinone-Based Products
As the only company in the world to successfully produce quinone-based prod- ucts such as naphthoquinone at commer- cial scale, we manufacture quinones with properties ideal for use in agricultural, medicine, and many other fields.
 AIR WATER REPORT 2019 24
a
a
e
e
F
F
u
u
t
t
r
r
e
e

  Air Water Group’s Businesses
Medical Business
  Business Facts
◇ Increasing demand for greater functionality and efficiency in the advanced healthcare segment
◇ Declining population and aging society driving increase in long-term care and preventive medicine needs
◇ Advancing healthcare in emerging nations
 ● ●
1
●
● ● ●
2
● ●
3
●
4
●
Core Strategy
Select optimal strengths from the group’s wide range of capabilities and concentrate to establish a solid foothold in the market for perioperative solutions
Aim to spark further growth by working to improve revenues and establish new businesses simultaneously
Major Measures
Harness the group’s comprehensive strength to anticipate and fulfil all market needs
Advanced medical solutions: Win all-encompassing orders covering perioperative equipment, peripheral equipment, and medical services
Lifestyle medical solutions: Develop new dental and oral care products and reinforce sales structure
Community medical solutions: Expand our share of the medical gas market in conjunction with VSU roll-out
Review of FY2018
In the advanced medical solutions segment, a trend toward using less medical gas and the exhaustion of potential for new orders for hospital equipment has left us in a tough position. Conversely, medical services progressed robustly, buoyed by the acquisition of new clients for in-hospital SPD (Supply, Processing and Distribution Service) and inventory management systems, as well as streamlining in material procurement and rectification of prices received for sterilization services. Meanwhile, the government’s revision of medical remuneration led to growth in sales of high-pressure oxygen devices, providing new wind in the sails of our medical equipment business. Meanwhile, our hospital equipment business in Singapore performed well.
The lifestyle medical solutions segment was buffeted by the severity of the market for home medical care and sanitary materials, as well as rising logistics costs in the dental segment.
  150,000 perioperative equipment and injection needles 100,000
Global medical solutions: Boost global sales of
Improve revenues 50,000 Rectify pricing and improve procurement costs for
medical services
Improve productivity in the manufacture of injection needles and sanitary materials
Expand disaster prevention operations (i.e., at Air Water Safety Service)
Expand fire-extinguishing equipment business
Create new businesses
Launch business operations relating to 8K endoscope cameras, video systems, and regenerative medicine using dental pulp stem cells
0
2018
Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
While potential for new hospital equipment orders has been exhausted, the demand for higher hospital functionality and efficiency is expanding needs. In order to keep abreast of these new needs, we are striving to position ourselves as an all-round provider of perioperative solutions by offering a comprehensive range of solutions by adding peripheral equipment, sterilization, surgical kits and other disposables to our existing line-up of operating theater and ICU equipment. To that end, we established Air Water International Advanced Medical Center, a broad-ranging hub for R&D and information dissemination at the Kobe Biomedical Innovation Cluster. At the same time, we are working hard to develop products with a difference, such as endoscope cameras and surgery video systems using 8K imaging technology.
■■Revenue 250,000
200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000
■■Operating profit 20,000
15,000 10,000 5,000
00 2018 2019 2021 FY Actual Forecast Plan
25 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen) ■Net sales
200,000
2017
■Ordinary income 20,000
15,000 10,000 5,000
FY0
170,897 10,317
176,653 9,859
Outlook for FY2019
 174,187 187,000 10,358 11,000
210,000 13,000
 
  Business Overview and Features
Here, we offer a broad spectrum of products and services, from sophisticated medical solutions underpinning the increasingly advanced healthcare sector to lifestyle medical solutions. The former includes state-of-the-art hospital equipment, medical gas supplies, contract hospital services, and equipment maintenance, while the latter includes dental supplies, sanitary materials, injection needles, and other items needed by local clinics and home care providers.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Providing products and services for advanced medical treatment
◆ Providing lifestyle-related products
◆ Contributing to the enhancement of infrastructure through disaster prevention projects
Advanced medicine
Lifestyle medical
   Global medical equipment business
Medical services business
Hospital facilities business
Medical gas business
Injection needle business
Sanitary materials business
Dental business
Home medical care business
   Advanced Medicine
Hospital Equipment
We have the largest share of Japan’s market for the design and installation of operating theaters, ICUs, and medical gas piping systems. We have the versatility to offer everything from basic systems to specialized solutions for ultra-advanced surgical facilities.
Advanced Medical
Medical Gas
From medical oxygen (for which we have the top share of the Japanese market) to sterilizing gas and liquefied helium for use in MRIs, our nationwide network ensures we can offer a stable supply of medical gas throughout Japan.
Lifestyle Medical
Dental
We manufacture and sell dental and orthodontic equipment for dental clinics and orthodontists, and offer online sales of dental care products in general. We are also working to establish regenerative treatments using dental pulp stem cells.
Medical Services
Air Water helps hospitals to operate more efficiently by providing medical outsourc- ing services to support hospital manage- ment and operations, including in-hospital logistics management and the sterilization or disinfection of medical instruments.
Lifestyle Medical
Home Medical Care
Air Water helps patients with respiratory problems to live comfortably every day through home oxygen therapy, which involves breathing in air that contains more oxygen than normal using a home oxygen concentrator.
Injection
Air Water manufactures general hypodermic needles as well as a variety of other needles for dental, aesthetic, and veterinary purpos- es using outstanding grinding and machin- ing technologies in Japan, and exports them to over 80 countries around the world.
Medical Equipment
We offer an extensive menu of equipment sales and maintenance, including surgical devices like 8K rigid endoscopes, hyper- baric oxygen chambers, and respiratory equipment.
Sanitary Materials
Air Water has strength in the development of products with special features such as sterilized gauze and sterilized BEMSHEETS, which are mainly used in operating rooms, and it is also putting effort into products for general consumers such as oral care prod- ucts and baby products.
Disaster Prevention
Disaster Prevention
Responding to disaster situations requires a variety of gases, which we provide through fire extinguish- ers and air respirators, and with our own fire-fighting and earthquake-resistance test facilities, we are uniquely positioned to offer protection through safer products when communities need them most.
                AIR WATER REPORT 2019 26

  Air Water Group’s Businesses
Energy Business
  Business Facts
◇ Energy consumption down due to declining population and global warming
◇ Shortage of people to take over LPG retail businesses
◇ Market competition following deregulation of electricity and city gas supply markets
◇ Switch to clean energy amid efforts to minimize carbon emissions
◇ Mergers of major wholesalers
 Core Strategy
● Increase market share in Hokkaido, principally through stronger direct sales of LPG
● Expand industrial energy operations and reinforce lifestyle-oriented operations
Review of FY2018
Measures aimed at increasing customer numbers, coupled with a concerted push to drive direct sales by acquiring distributors’ commercial rights, sparked solid increases in civil-use LPG customer numbers and volume sold, and ensured solid performance in this segment. Conversely, equipment sales trended low—perhaps because exhibitions and spot sales events were cancelled in the wake of the Hokkaido Eastern Iburi Earthquake in 2018—while rising distribution and security costs also had an impact. Industrial LPG operations tracked robustly. Factors included a large increase in sales volumes, buoyed by close coordination with local operators nationwide aimed at encouraging customers to switch their fuel from heavy oil to LPG.
Warmer winters are dampening demand for kerosene, resulting in a significant drop in sales volumes, but innovative purchasing strategies and more efficient distribution kept the impact to a minimum.
Meanwhile, the ultra-low-temperature expertise built up through our Industrial Gas Business is paying dividends elsewhere, such as in the form of solid sales of LNG tank trucks.
 1
Major Measures
Strengthen direct sales of LPG for civil use
(increase direct sales from 250,000 customers in FY2018 to 300,000 by FY2021)
● Strengthen direct sales through mergers and
acquisitions Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen)
● Increase customer numbers and lock-in ■Net sales
■Ordinary income 6,000
4,000
2,000
FY0
potential/existing customers through enhanced lifestyle-oriented operations and services
● Launch new model of the VIVIDO hybrid water supply and heating system
60,000
40,000
2 Expand industrial energy operations 20,000 (LPG, LNG)
● Strengthen our in-house distribution platform and 0 expand sales of industrial LPG
● Promote switch from fuel oil to LPG and LNG ● Expand operations relating to LNG equipment
3 Strengthen LPG purchasing power ● Strengthen LPG purchasing power by expanding
industrial LPG operations and global operations Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
2017
2018
■■Revenue 80,000
52,732 3,877
2018 Actual
■■Operating profit
The civil-use LPG market environment is increasingly fraught, buffeted by decreasing consumption caused by Japan’s declining population and climate warming and extreme competition with electricity and city gas supply. We are endeavoring to weather the storm by increasing direct sales as a percentage of sales overall (for instance by acquiring distributors’ commercial rights) and teaming up with the group’s lifestyle-oriented operations, such as those relating to energy retail and home renovations, to bolster our range of customer services. In this way, we aim to increase our share of the Hokkaido market.
Strengthening our in-house distribution platform in Honshu has propelled efforts to encourage customers to switch their fuel to industrial LPG, and given that the LNG market is predicted to expand, we will focus on capturing sales and developing new equipment in this area, too.
Outlook for FY2019
  60,000 40,000 20,000
0
57,000 4,000
2019 Forecast
74,000 4,400
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
  27 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
2021 Plan
FY0
51,459 52,741 3,996
4,009
  
    Business Overview and Features
Air Water has been supplying LP gas and kerosene as energy for daily life to general households, commercial facilities, hospitals, and other public facilities, and also as energy for industrial uses to plants. Air Water is also engaged in the supply of LNG as well as the manufacture and sale of LNG-related equipment, playing an essential role in community life.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Stable supply of energy for daily life and industry
◆ Reduction of environmental load by promoting fuel conversion
Operating and M&A Strategy
Expansion of area of operation Further development of services
LP gas LNG
Kerosene
Electricity
Technology/ Development
Development of applications Engineering
         LP Gas/Kerosene
LP Gas
In Hokkaido and others, Air Water delivers LP gas under the Hello Gas brand as environmentally friendly, clean energy essential for regional communities and industry.
Kerosene
In Japan, kerosene is just as important an energy source as LPG, as it is used daily for water and heating. We work hard to maintain our framework for safe, stable, direct delivery of kerosene to households.
LNG
LNG-related Equipment
Utilizing ultra-low-temperature technology and unique know-how it has built up over many years, Air Water manufactures and sells LNG tanker trucks and transportation containers, for which it holds one of the top shares in Japan.
Energy Equipment
Besides energy supply-related services, Air Water works to provide total support services from diverse perspectives by staying close to customers and remaining deeply rooted in community life.
Mobile Power Source Cars
Mobile power supply vehicles generate electricity using easily procured LP gas as fuel, thereby playing an important role as emergency power providers during a disaster or power failure.
Electricity
Electricity Retailing
Hokkaido Air Water, a regional business company of Air Water, collaborates with Hokkaido Electric Power Co., Inc. to sell electricity generated by Hokkaido Electric Power under the label “Air Water Electrici- ty Powered by Hokuden.”
   LP Gas Supply Processes
   Gas filling station
Gas cylinder delivery truck
Bulk tanker truck
Bulk tanker Bulk filling truck
Customers
Customers Taxi
Gas cylinders
 Secondary terminal
Secondary terminal
Tanker truck
Gas stand
Gas stand
              LNG Satellite Supply
Air Water designs and installs unloading facilities for LNG transported to areas of demand by tanker trucks, etc., according to customers’ usage requirements.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 28

  Air Water Group’s Businesses
Agriculture
and Food
Products Business
  Business Facts
◇ Declining Japanese population leading to lower consumption and labor shortages
◇ Changing make-up of households (older occupants, more people living alone)
◇ Changes in food perceptions (health-conscious diets, demand for convenience)
◇ Abnormal weather making procurement of vegetables difficult
◇ Increased buying power of retailers
 Core Strategy
Target the growth potential of the pre-made meal market, and use the group’s ingredient procurement capacity, food processing plants, and sales networks to make vegetables a core weapon in our arsenal.
Major Measures
1 Strengthen our ability to procure a stable source of ingredient vegetables
● Triple the area of farmland under contract (to 30,000 hectares), and pursue development of vegetable farms in Japan and overseas
● Spread farming over different areas to reduce natural disaster risks; promote improvement of farming and preservation technologies
2 Add momentum to pre-made meal business through vegetables and processed livestock products
● Main target: pre-made meal products sold at supermarkets and convenience stores
● Build processing facilities near major consumption centers and provide those markets with high-quality vegetables processed to their desired degree
3 Strengthen our beverage business foundation
● Expand our beverage market share through capital investment
Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen) ■■Revenue ■■Operating profit
200,000 10,000
Review of FY2018
In the agriculture business, although we managed to expand sales by establishing new vegetable retail outlets, operations were impacted by the one-off costs of setting up those stores and wild fluctuations in vegetable market prices. On the other hand, sales of agriculture machinery grew, and the overall performance of the agriculture business was solid.
The food solutions business suffered from stagnant sales of confectionery and ongoing depression in the ham and sausage sector. Conversely, growth in frozen vegetable sales and production efficiencies in our food processing operations, combined with the consolidation into the Air Water Group of a producer of frozen cooked meals, ensured that profits remained robust.
In the beverage business, increases in labor costs and depreciation resulting from capital investments were balanced by growth in orders for production of vegetable drinks and teas. These, combined with structural reforms in our home delivery water operations ensured strong performance overall.
 Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen) ■Net sales
■Ordinary income 8,000
150,000
10,000
5,000
0
133,702 4,850
2017
136,568
     Outlook for FY2019
4,905
6,000 4,000 2,000
2018 FY0
 150,000 100,000
8,000 6,000 4,000
Labor shortages in the food service industry have driven demand for frozen vegetables and frozen cooked foods as a means of eliminating some cooking processes and ensuring diners’ orders can be filled quickly. On the other hand, we are faced with the challenge of navigating the effects of climate change to source stable supplies of ingredient vegetables in Japan and overseas.
To that end, we are putting systemic improvements in place, such as bolstering our procurement strengths (particularly in Kyushu and the Kanto region), making sure we contract with farms in multiple regions, and utilizing our overseas produce purchasing hubs to ensure a stable supply of high-quality vegetables. In 2019, we made Ecofroz, an Ecuadorian producer of broccoli and other foods, a subsidiary of the Air Water Group.
Meanwhile, we will continue with capital investments aimed at keeping abreast of changing client needs in the beverage business in order to win more orders.
136,443 140,000
4,214
6,000 4,000
50,000 2,000
00 2018 2019 2021 FY Actual Forecast Plan
29 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
170,000
 
  Business Overview and Features
The Agriculture and Food Products Business started with sales of frozen foods utilizing liquid nitrogen. Through the integration into the Air Water Group of functions ranging from vegetable production to the distribution of processed foods and beverage products across Japan, the Agriculture and Food Products Business is creating a new value chain that maximizes group synergies.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Improving stability and productivity of agriculture
◆ Stable supply of safe and secure food products
◆ Reduction of waste and loss
We handle the cultivation and procurement of livestock products, frozen foods, and sweets.
Beverage
We are expanding with high quality OEM products and water delivery services.
 Independent
We provide retail services and food safety guidance, as well as manufacture and sell agricultural machinery.
Agricultural and Processed Foods
     Agricultural and Processed Foods
    Ham and Deli Meats
With the top share of Japan’s cured/un- cured hams market, we offer discerning customers throughout Japan top-quality ham and deli foods in three brands: Syunsetsu, Sagami Ham, and Daisen Ham.
Agricultural and Processed Foods
Cultivation
Air Water is involved in the production of tomatoes and other vegetables at the Chitose Farm in Hokkaido, which has one of Japan’s largest greenhouses, and the Azumino Farm in Shinshu.
Beverages
Water Delivery
Air Water delivers snowmelt water from the Northern Alps to the homes of its customers by employing the non-heating method to maintain the original natural taste of the water.
Agricultural and Processed Foods
Air Water manufactures high-quality frozen vegetables such as broccoli, sweetcorn, and pumpkin as well as flavorsome cooking sauces, and satisfies the needs of profes- sional chefs and the food service industry by proposing new applications and menus.
Procurement and Processing
With over 700 contracted farmers in Japan alone, we have considerable purchasing power, and provide customers nationwide mealtime favorites like frozen pumpkin from Hokkaido as well as grated daikon radish in volumes suitable for industry use.
Independent Food and Farming
Agricultural Machinery
Air Water manufactures and sells agricul- tural machinery that supports Hokkaido’s industry, such as beet harvesters and cultivators.
Sweets
Taking advantage of its strength in product de- velopment, Air Water offers a wide range of confectionery, mainly chilled desserts, for both general consumers and businesses. In Sep- tember 2018, a state-of-the-art plant was com- pleted in Atsugi City, Kanagawa Prefecture.
Beverages
Vegetable and Fruit Beverages
Air Water sells vegetable juices, of which it has the largest OEM production share in Japan, as well as other high-quality bever- ages, both on an OEM basis and under its own brands.
          Distribution and Sales
We offer safe and delicious vegetables and fruit to customers via the nationwide network of Kyushuya fruit and vegetable specialty stores and Takaya Shoten, a wholesaler at the Otsu Market.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 30

  Air Water Group’s Businesses
Logistics Business
  Business Facts
◇ Demand for improved working practices, shortage of drivers ◇ Long-term declining trend in Japanese freight
transport
◇ Average 2% p.a. growth in low-temperature food distribution market
◇ Diversifying cargo owner needs and advanced quality control requirements
 Core Strategy
● Occupy the position of no. 1 provider of quality services in the low-temperature freight transport domain, and create new businesses in that space
● Build a nationwide network for low-temperature freight transport
Major Measures
1 Leverage our quality, technology, and infrastructure strengths to create new businesses in the low-temperature logistics space
● Establish a dominant position in Hokkaido markets through deeper mining of local potential (e.g., Sapporo, Chitose)
● Establish a low-temperature network (i.e., Atsugi, Oarai) covering the Kanto region
● Try to gain a foothold in the West Japan (e.g., Kinki, Kyushu) low-temperature logistics space
2 Further strengthening and expansion of core businesses
● Use ferries to wring further potential from our container network
● Seek further efficiencies and labor savings in transportation operations, and revise prices
● Acquire vehicles, business places, workers, and commercial rights through mergers and acquisitions
3 Integrate the group’s logistics ● Promote cooperation among agriculture and food
products, industrial gas, energy, and medical businesses Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
Review of FY2018
The transport business performed solidly, buoyed by an increase in freight volumes arising from the acquisition of new clients and better balancing of arrivals and departures of containers to and from Hokkaido and Honshu.
Our third-party logistics business, which mainly involves food transport, also performed well, boosted by the start of chilled deliveries for major convenience store chains. Although rising labor costs and diesel prices meant the business climate remained severe, diligent negotiation with clients ensured we received appropriate prices, which kept the impact of rising costs to a minimum.
Expanded sales for specialized vehicles, combined with improved earning capacity thanks to the previous year’s capital investments, ensured solid performance in the vehicle body business (i.e., design and mounting of truck bodies and chasses).
Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen)
   ■■Revenue 80,000
60,000 40,000 20,000
0 2018 Actual
■■Operating profit 5,000
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
2021 FY0 Plan
Outlook for FY2019
In light of projected ongoing growth in the low-temperature logistics segment, an area of strength for the Air Water Group, we are focused on building a logistics network around the Low-Temperature Logistics Center. Fiscal 2019 saw work on the construction of centers in Ibaraki Prefecture and Chitose City, Hokkaido, and using these as key midway points in Hokkaido and Kanto deliveries will allow us to better eliminate wasted truck capacity and thus improve efficiency.
Meanwhile, the chronic shortage of drivers and the resulting increase in delivery costs and in-warehouse labor costs will continue to be a challenge, but we aim to counter those trends with better work efficiency and correct pricing.
31 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
2019 Forecast
■Net sales
50,000 44,933 40,000
■Ordinary income 47,947 4,000
3,000 2,000 1,000
2018 FY0
 30,000 20,000 10,000
1,888
0 2017
2,649
  66,000
47,947 52,000 3,000 2,217 2,200
 
   Business Overview and Features
The Logistics Business started with the transportation of high-pres- sure gases, such as industrial and medical gases. Today, the business has expanded into a variety of fields, including food logistics (mainly 3PL), medical logistics for the transportation of blood, general cargo transport, container transport, and even design and mounting of truck bodies, etc.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Stable supply of industrial and medical gases ◆ Providing high value-added logistics services ◆ Efforts to improve logistics efficiency
General cargo transport
Special transport
Vehicle body mounting
High-pressure gas transport
A variety of logistics services
Medical and environment
Container transport
Food logistics
Distribution and processing
    Logistics
High-pressure Gas Transport
Air Water delivers high-pressure gases such as oxygen, nitrogen, and argon by the optimum transportmeans,rangingfromliquefiedgas tank trucks to trailers, in a safe and speedy manner. The transport know-how and constant low-temperature technology, which have been developed for high-pressure gas transport, have provided the basis for various logistics services that Air Water offers today.
Medical and Environment
Taking advantage of its advanced constant low-temperature technology developed through transportation of high-pressure gases, Air Water conducts all types of transportation related to blood collected at blood centers around the country, including transportation of raw blood plasma, blood samples, raw blood, and blood for transfusion.
Transport
Utilizing the transportation network centered on Hokkaido that connects the sites around Japan, AirWatertransportsalltypesofcargo,from construction materials and general cargo such as livestock feed and fertilizers to food and beverag- es, in different temperature zones, from room temperature to chilled to frozen. The transport business is also available for container transport using ferries between Hokkaido and Honshu.
Vehicle Bodies Mounting
Air Water meets customers’ vehicle body needs through integrated production systems spanning the design and produc- tion of various truck bodies, truck trailers, and tanker trucks to specialty vehicles, and ranging from the processing of materials to the production of finished products.
3PL
Mainly in the food logistics field, Air Water aims to provide efficient and high added-value logistics services by comprehensively taking care of the entire logistics operations of shippers, business restructuring, and management.
        The Group’s Nationwide Distribution Network
(As of March 31, 2019)
Mainly in the Hokkaido, Tohoku, and Kita Kanto regions, Air Water maintains a cold chain for convenience stores and supermarkets. It is also involved in the production of specialty vehicles. The group also leverages its temperature control technology to provide logistics services for the transportation of raw blood plasma.
Five group companies
Employees: 3,375 Operating sites: 92 Vehicles: 1,871 Warehouses: 48
Main vehicle bases
Main vehicle bases with warehouse functions
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 32

  Air Water Group’s Businesses
Seawater Business
  Business Facts
◇ Demand for salt is down due to declining population and low-sodium diets
◇ Expanding environmental market due to more stringent regulations
◇ Expanding demand for infrastructure improvements (e.g., sewer systems)
◇ Expanding demand for electricity infrastructure (e.g., magnetic steel sheets for transformers)
 Core Strategy
Use product and technology development and mergers and acquisitions to expand existing operations (e.g., environmental business) and nurture new enterprises, thereby diversifying seawater-based business.
Major Measures
Review of FY2018
Our Seawater Business was buffeted by strong headwinds in fiscal 2018, including the collapse of a large-scale water treatment facility project received in fiscal 2017 and construction delays caused by torrential rains in West Japan. Nonetheless, the Nihonkaisui Group’s successful raising of industrial salt prices ensured that revenues in this segment remained robust.
The Tateho Chemical Industries Group saw increased sales of general magnesia products such as those for fire-resistant bricks, but a sharp increase in the price of fused magnesia (used in heaters) in the first half of the year, coupled with a temporary drop in demand for magnesia for magnetic steel sheets, resulted in a disappointing year.
50,000 1 Expand environmental business 40,000
 ● Expand sales of water and soil treatment agents in Japan and overseas
30,000
● Expand business domains through mergers and 20,000 acquisitions 10,000
2 Expand power generation business ● Commence operations at Ako No. 2 Power Station
3 Revamp magnesia business
● Improve operating rate of Hibikinada Plant and create new businesses; expand sales of magnesia for magnetic steel sheets
0
2017
2018
4
Establish Seawater Research and
Development Institute
In April 2019, the Air Water Group established a new seawater company, which brought the Nihonkaisui Group, Japan’s foremost salt producer, and the Tateho Chemical Industries Group, a manufacturer of industrial magnesia, into the fold. Under the leadership of the seawater compa- ny, we will endeavor to spark maximum synergies from the combination of Nihonkaisui’s and Tateho’s R&D, produc- tion technologies, and markets. Through aggressive mergers and acquisitions and cooperation with other companies, we will also strive to expand existing opera- tions, such as in the environmental segment, and nurture new enterprises. Through these activities, we are determined to expand our seawater-related business.
Moreover, we look forward to enhancing our seawater technology R&D in the run-up to the opening of the Seawater Research and Development Institute in the spring of 2022.
● Develop new products based on separation and refining of seawater elements
Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
■■Revenue 60,000
40,000
20,000
0 2018 Actual
2019 Forecast
■■Operating profit 5,000
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
2021 FY0 Plan
33 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen) ■Net sales
■Ordinary income 6,000
4,000
2,000
FY0
 39,050
3,838
40,217
3,685
Outlook for FY2019
 50,000
40,217 41,000 3,300
2,600
2,359
 
   Business Overview and Features
Our Seawater Business is based on a long tradition of salt production, and we are proud to hold the top share of the Japanese industrial and household salt markets. Our operations in this segment are aimed at upholding the stable supply of this basic necessity, and providing seawater-derived foods and environmental products. Beyond these, we pursue a variety of activities aimed at extracting maximum potential from seawater. For instance, our crystal control technologies enable us to develop high-value-added magnesia products.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Offering water treatment services ◆ Offering environmental products
Salt
Environment and urban infrastructure
Electricity
Seawater industry
Agriculture and food products
Magnesia
New businesses
     Salt
Salt
Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd., the leading produc- er of salt in Japan, provides a stable supply of high-quality salt products to regions throughout Japan from its Ako and Sanuki plants.
Electricity
Woody Biomass Power Generation
In 2015, the Ako Plant of Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd. introduced an integrated cogeneration power system that uses woody biomass and natural gas. The generated electricity is used for its own purposes and also sold.
Magnesia
Magnesia for Oriented Electromagnetic Steel Sheets Oriented electromagnetic steel sheets, used as the iron core of a transformer, etc., are indispensable for electric devices. And magnesia is a raw material
indispensable for the manufacturing of electromagnetic steel sheets.
Environment
Water and Soil Treatment Agent
Air Water is utilizing seawater resources and technologies to expand a wide range of its business areas, particularly environmental products such as absorbent for water and soil treatment and magnesium hydroxide.
Agriculture
Agricultural Fertilizers
Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd. utilizes seawater resourc- es to supply potassium chloride, one of the three major fertilizers, for fertilizer manufactur- ers. The company is exploring applications of seawater resources other than fertilizers with the aim of further expanding its business.
Magnesia for Heaters and Insulation Materials
Mainly used as insulating filler for sheathed heaters, which are used as heating elements in a broad range of equipment, from home appliances such as electric rice
cookers, irons, and hot plates to various types of industrial heating equipment.
Urban infrastructure
■Diagram of a heating system using warm water Boiler truck
All Liner Method
Forming a resin liner pipe inside a sewer pipe to cure problems inside the pipe without digging up the ground
    Water stop plug
Mounted pipe
Warm water circulation hose
Regeneration of Sewer Pipes
Aquaintec Corporation employs the “All Liner” method, an innovative technology to regenerate aged underground pipes without digging up the ground, thereby contributing to safe and comfortable communities.
Food Products
Seawater-derived Food Products
Air Water has commercialized bittern generated in salt production processes as a food additive. The company also offers products from seaweed grown in the Ariake Sea, Kyushu, as well as Italian food ingredi- ents and seawater-derived mineral water.
Magnesia for Fire-Resistant Materials
Magnesia is a key ingredient in the mag-carbon bricks used for particularly demanding applications, like lining steel- works’ converter furnaces.
           AIR WATER REPORT 2019 34

  Air Water Group’s Businesses
Aerosol Business
Business Overview and Features
The Aerosol Business provides various aerosol products and liquid-filled products that have today become indispensable in our daily life and business activities. By making use of its advanced gas technologies, it offers products ranging from quasi-pharmaceutical products, cosmetics, and household commodities to industrial items.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Reduction of environmental load by using alternative CFC
  Business Overview
Air Water conducts a broad range of businesses on an OEM/ODM basis, flexibly responding to diverse needs of customers by manufacturing aerosol products and other liquid-filled products in both large and small lots, from items for the human body and household commodities to paint, automotive parts, and industrial items.
   Production Sites
Four sites in Japan manufacture aerosol products and liquid-filled products. The Gifu Plant excels in the manufacture of paint while the Gunma Plant has strengths in cosmetics and items for the human body. The Ibaraki Plant is capable of manufacturing all types of products, including pharma- ceutical and quasi-pharmaceutical products, industrial items, and other miscellaneous goods. Meanwhile, the Sanyo Plant produces liquid-filled products for gardening applications. In this way, each plant is unique, and the combined network enables us to provide the right products to fulfill customers’ needs.
Research and Development
Major Products
Items for Human Body
Hair spray, hair dye, hair care spray, hair mousse, hair growth tonic, natural water/lo- tion spray, shaving foam, UV cut spray, asthma drug, anti-inflammatory analgesic, etc.
Household Commodities
Pesticide, glass cleaner, room deodorant, shoe deodorant, waterproof agent, antistatic agent for clothes, disinfectant spray, portable fire extinguisher, cooking spray, pet items, gas cylinders for portable cookers, dust blower, etc.
Paint
Repair paint for automobiles, household paint, construction paint, etc.
Feature
  Business sites
Gunma Plant Gifu Plant
Sanyo Plant
Osaka Sales Dept.
With the aim of satisfying customers, Air Water’s research and development is focused on launching onto the market safe and environment-friendly aerosol products developed from unique ideas. Based on the pursuit of quickly responding to customer demand by utilizing data in the broad fields in which Air Water has experience in formulation development, we conduct marketing for upcoming demands and needs, and offer new solutions.
   Quality Assurance Dept.
Research and Development Dept.
Ibaraki No. 1 Plant Ibaraki No. 2 Plant Tokyo Head Office Tokyo Sales Dept.
          Onward and Upward:
Custom Manufacturing of Cosmetics
The expansion of cosmetic markets in Japan and
overseas have transformed this into a growth sector
(especially production of liquid cosmetic-filled
products under consignment), and we are working to
turn our foothold into a full-blown operation.
Construction of a second plant on the site of our
existing Ibaraki Plant was completed in November
2018, and a new research facility is scheduled for
completion, also at Ibaraki, in 2020, armed with
around four times the equipment currently in place.
We intend to make this another core pillar of our
business alongside aerosols; strengthening our R&D
capabilities relating to the OEM production of cosmetics will enable us to develop better quality products with higher added value, while cooperation between our production and research functions will bring new efficiency and urgency to our product development framework.
Automotive and Industrial Items
Defogger, glass polisher for cars, tire/leather protectant, carburetor cleaner, brake cleaner, car air conditioner deodorant, anticorrosive lubricator, metal flaw detector, mold release agent, adhesive, etc.
  35 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Ibaraki No. 2 Plant
 
  Other Businesses
Business Overview and Features
With unique technologies and products such as O-rings, ECOROCA® building material made from recycled wood, and NV metal surface treatments, our operations in this segment underpin the growth of the Air Water Group. It is also an area of exciting frontiers as we pursue new ventures such as power generation using woody biomass.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Providing construction materials using waste materials and waste wood (ECOROCA®)
◆ Woody biomass power generation by effectively using thinned wood and PKS (palm kernel shell)
          Electronics Materials
Leveraging its global network, Air Water offers a wide range of chemical products for various industries, from basic chemicals to high-purity chemicals, electric insulating materials and resin molded items for the electronics field. Air Water also jointly devel- ops materials for customer products with manufacturers and provides state-of-the-art information and materials.
BELLPEARL®
Air Water offers “Bellpearl®,” an environ- mentally friendly particulate phenolic resin; “Bellfine®,” a functional new carbon made by the highly controlled burning and carbonizing of Bellpearl resin; and “Bells- wing®,” a PSA-type nitrogen gas generator that uses Bellfine carbon as an absorbent.
O-rings
Air Water manufactures and sells various
types of seal materials such as rubber
O-rings and other rubber products for
industrial use. For semiconductor
manufacturing systems, it offers a lineup
under the Pororoca brand of ultra
high-performance rubber O-rings. Recently, it has developed and started selling O-rings made of perfluoroelastomer (FFKM), which have the world’s highest level of heat resistance, and O-rings made from general-purpose fluoroelastomer rubber (FKM).
     ECOROCA®
Air Water manufactures and sells ECOROCA®, a new compound recycled material made from underutilized resources such as waste wood and waste plastic. Delivering excellent strength and safety while maintaining the texture of wood, ECOROCA® is used as decking material, louver material, and wall material at various sites, mainly public facilities.
NV (Metal Surface Treatments)
We offer a range of unique surface treatments, including: NV nitriding, which uses gas activation and atmospheric control to improve the abrasion resistance of metal; Pionite, which hardens stainless steel without compromising its corrosion resistance; and CR-NITE, which can withstand 1000°C temperatures.
SiC
Air Water has developed its own SiC substrate for products such as power semiconductors and super luminosity LEDs. Air Water successfully established a technology for large-diameter substrates of up to eight inches and mass-produced the substrates, which are deemed the most suitable for the growth of GaN (gallium nitride).
     Electricity
Our Industrial Gas Business consumes a
processes. To ensure business continuity
we believe it is crucial to become self-sufficient by securing baseload power. To this end, we have begun power generation using woody biomass, a renewable energy source.
vast amount of electricity in its manufacturing in all circumstances, including major disasters,
    Woody biomass and coal co-fired power generation Generation capacity: approx. 112,000 kW
(Began operations in July 2019)
Completion image
Woody biomass mono-fired power generation Generation capacity: approx. 75,000 kW
(Start of operation scheduled for April 2021)
P.17 See Feature 1 “Using Renewable Energy to Generate Electricity” for details.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 36
  Air Water & Energia Power Yamaguchi Air Water & Energia Power Onahama
(Hofu City, Yamaguchi)
(Iwaki City, Fukushima)

   Air Water Group’s Businesses
Global Business
Air Water is moving forward with global business expansion, as a powerful driver for its growth in 2020 and beyond.
 Global Expansion and Future Approach
  To date, the Air Water Group’s growth has been founded on a strategy of diversification within Japan. That strategy has worked: we now have an all-weather portfolio that provides for stable growth in all conditions, and by the end of the current mid-term management plan, we will have completed the nationwide roll-out of VSU plants—the core measure of our plans for the Japanese industrial gas business—and gained enough momentum in our power generation business to provide high revenues for 20 years. In that sense, the end of the current plan marks a major transition point for the group. Moving forward, we are determined to continue pursuing solid growth with our all-weather conglomerate of businesses in Japan, and to balance this by expanding our global operations as a means of seeking significant growth in markets where high earning capacity is forecast.
Air Water Group Global Operations As of September 2019
◎ Business sites: 63 companies in 16 countries
◎ Sales: 37 billion yen (FY2018)
◎ Workforce: 4,260 (incl. 66 on secondment from Japan)
The Netherlands: Hitec Holding Belgium: Dohmeyer
Our Direction
Sales in FY2018
37 billion yen
Industrial gas business in India
Global engineering businesses
Sales target for FY2021
100 billion yen
       % of total provided by global sales
   10%
      % of total provided by global sales
5%
   denotes recent global M&A
   37 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
India: Praxair India (assumption of operations)
India:
Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases
USA: Air Water-AMCS
Ecuador: Ecofroz
       USA:
Tomco2 Systems Company
   India: Linde India (assumption of operations)
   ● Global engineering ● Indian industrial gas ● Other
Singapore: Globalwide
USA:
Taylor Wharton America
   Malaysia:
Taylor Wharton Malaysia
 Singapore: Power Partners
 
   Entering the Indian Market
Establishing a Sure Foothold in High-GDP-Growth India
When Plaxair (USA) and Linde (Germany) merged, we acquired some of their industrial gas operations in India. One we took over was an onsite gas supply business for steelworks, an area in which we already have a considerable track record in Japan. Another was a liquefied gas production and supply business, which perfectly complements our existing subsidiary, Ellenbarrie, which deals with cylinder and tank truck supply. These acquisitions have enabled us to establish a strong foothold in the Indian industrial gas market.
  Industrial Gas Business Growth Strategy in India
• Satisfy rising demand for industrial gas caused by increasing crude steel production in India
• Expand onsite supply contracts for small and mid-sized plants •Seek further synergies with Ellenbarrie to boost market share in
and around southeast India
New Delhi Jamshedpur
Key Strategic Areas
Visag Hyderabad
Ballari
Chennai
 Kolkata
● Praxair India
● Linde India
● Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases
 Size of business: Acquired in: Price:
Facilities:
Approx. 7.9 billion yen (year ended December 2018) July 2019 (consolidated starting from FY2019 2Q) Approx. 23.8 billion yen
3 × ASU; 2 × filling stations
 Acquisition of Praxair India’s business
Size of business:
Price:
Facilities:
NB: Basic agreement regarding acquisition executed on August 13
Approx. 5.7 billion yen (year ended December 2018) Approx. 20.4 billion yen
1 × ASU; 2 × filling stations
 Acquisition of Linde India’s business
Established: 1973 (became an Air Water Group subsidiary in 2013 Facilities: 3 × ASU; 5 × filling plants
Size of business: Approx. 2.6 billion yen (year ended March 2019)
 Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases
 Global Engineering Businesses
 Our global engineering businesses are centered on two main operations: industrial gas engineering and equipment, mainly in North America, and high-power UPS systems. Here, we endeavor to build a foundation strong enough to uphold sustainable growth.
Industrial Gas Engineering and Equipment
We are working hard to establish an engineering and equipment framework with a view to pursuing industrial gas supply in the North American market.
In addition to bolstering our line-up of solutions by acquiring companies with distinctive technologies and products, we hope to utilize our network of equipment manufacture and sales hubs to raise recognition of Air Water in the North American market. At the same time, we are endeavoring to enhance our engineering functions and forge partnerships with local gas distributors to pave the way for our VSU strategy.
High-Power UPS Systems
The market for high-power uninterruptible power supplies (UPS) is forecast to grow as construction of new semiconductor factories and data centers, spurred by the development of cloud computing and IoT, drives demand. We established a foothold in this sector by acquiring Power Partners (Singapore) in August 2018 and Hitec Holding (the Netherlands) in July 2019, both producers of rotary UPS.
Designed for high-power output above 1,500kVA, these devices are used mainly in data centers and large-scale semiconductor and pharmaceutical factories. By installing UPS, these facilities seek to mitigate the risk of damage caused by power outages and low voltage to ensure a continuous stable power supply. Our involvement in the UPS sector is part of our strategy to offer utility solutions such as power supplies and industrial gas. These are key elements for our customers’ business continuity planning, and help to keep vital production facilities up and running.
High-Power UPS Growth Strategy
• Global market for high-power UPS systems is worth approximately 160 billion yen, and forecast to grow by at least six percent per year
•Potential intra-group synergies with Air Water Safety Service and industrial gas supplies for electronics manufacturers
  • Use the group’s network to deep-mine the Japanese market
Feature Air Water Buys Cryoplant Outright
On October 1, 2019, Air Water acquired Kobe Steel’s 40% stake in the two companies’ joint venture, Kobelco Air Water Cryoplant, Ltd. Upon becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Air Water Group, the company’s name was changed to Air Water Cryoplant, Ltd. (AWCP).
If we are to advance our global industrial gas business, then a solid foundation of gas production plant technologies and engineering is vital, and in tandem with our endeavors in India and North America, we are also working to reconfigure our engineering system
throughout Japan and around the world. The launch of AWCP, a designer and manufacturer of cryogenic air separation units, has not only allowed us to acquire technology regrading large-scale cryogenic air separation units, but also establishes us firmly as a comprehensive manufacturer of ASU systems able to provide everything from small and mid-sized solutions like V1 and VSU to mega-plants. We look forward to leveraging these plant-building strengths as a means of bolstering our ability to compete internationally in the industrial gas engineering space.
 AIR WATER REPORT 2019 38

Research and Development
  As a group that harnesses the Earth’s resources to we must pursue a variety of pan-disciplinary R&D
Air Water’s research and development is aimed at constantly sophisticat- ing the core technologies developed in the industrial gas businesses and applying them to various other fields, such as medical and agriculture, while actively introducing new technologies under the open innovation initiative. Thus the continuous growth and robust development of technologies support the Group’s All-Weather Management System.
Air Water’s growth strategy also supports technology development of the entire group, encouraging further advancement of the group’s high value-added technologies while also incorporating advanced technologies to create the technologies that will drive the further growth of the group.
R&D activities are conducted through close collaborations with relevant business divisions in each business field on themes set in view of future business needs. Such activities have generated various achievements that are useful to society.
  Research and Development Domains
Industrial domains
● Gas processing technologies ● Welding technologies
● Gas application technologies
● Low-temperature equipment
technologies
● Gas collection and recycling
technologies
● Energy solution technologies
● Metal surface treatment
● Electronic material technologies
technologies ● Agriculture and food products technologies
technologies
Lifestyle-related domains
● Medical technologies
● Fine chemical technologies ● New material technologies ● Plasma surface treatment
technologies
● Functional resin and carbon
material technologies ● Numerical analysis
 Research and Development Institute (Development Structure and Recent Achievements)
Research and Development Institute Structure
  Process Development Group
    Equipment Development Group
  Gas Applications Group
 New Business Creation Project
Industrial gas technology, including cryogenic air separation units and PSA
 Industrial equipment, including the V-AQUAGAS fuel gas generator for welding and LNG pumps
Gas applications including atmospheric pressure plasma surface treatment technology and dry ice snow precision cleaning equipment
  Numerical Analysis Group
Simulator-based design and development necessary for development processes of all R&D operations
Matsumoto Institute
   • Development project across themes
• Development project in response to local needs
VHR Next-Generation Hydrogen Gas
Generator
The VHR is a world-class hydrogen gas generator offering an innovative reformer structure and an optimized heat collection process. It also makes use of hydrogen purification technology to enable a high hydrogen recovery rate. Compared with the existing VH series, the VHR reduces city gas consumption by six percent and, reduces carbon dioxide emissions by ten percent (including the reduction in electricity needed to power the unit). Moreover, the VHR eliminates the need for oxygen additives used by previous systems, which helps reduce running costs by around 25 percent,
making it highly cost competitive.
Our first 300N m3/h unit
High-Purity Carbon Monoxide Generator
Makes Effective Use of Carbon Dioxide
Our high-purity carbon monoxide generator uses catalysts from the VH series of hydrogen gas generators, and combines two existing technologies (i.e., the technology to create a mixture of hydrogen and carbon monoxide gas, and the technology to recover carbon monoxide) to cause a reforming reaction between the ingredient gases (carbon dioxide and natural gas), resulting in a mixed gas with a one-to-one ratio of hydrogen and carbon monoxide, which is then further refined. By making effective use of carbon dioxide and converting it into carbon monoxide, which is used in a broad variety
of industrial processes, these units help lower the burden on the environment.
A high-purity carbon monoxide generator
Sakai Institute
 Research and Development Institute
  39 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

 create new businesses,
projects to seek new solutions for the benefit of all society.
  Research and Development Structure
     ◆ R&D focused mainly on gas production, storage, transport, and supply
Research and Development
◆ Development focused on medical, healthcare, agricultural, and food solutions
◆ Established in March 2019
R&D facility housed in Air Water International Advanced Medical Center, Kobe
Air Water innovation Biodesign
◆ Promoting R&D based on open
◆ Cooperating with regional business companies to identify new development themes
Institute
   ◆ Scheduled to open in the spring of 2022 at the Hibikinada Plant in Kitakyushu
◆ Combining seawater technologies to create new products and unique technologies
Seawater Research and Development Institute
See pages 20 and 33
    Air Water Biodesign
Health-oriented innovation in the medical, agricultural, and food sectors Air Water Biodesign, the group’s state-of-the-art development center
Air Water Biodesign Inc. was incorporated in March 2019, and began operations at Air Water International Advanced Medical Center, which opened in Kobe two months later. The company is a develop- ment center focused on the medical, healthcare, and agriculture and food industries, and its 50 or so researchers and developers are experts in electronic engineering technologies like optical sensing, vital-sign processing, and data analysis. Here, our aim is to channel those strengths into R&D to come up with timely lifestyle solutions matched to specific needs among our clients and in the community relevant to the medical, agricultural, and food space.
Biodesign
In 2001, together with his colleagues, Dr. Paul Yock of Stanford University developed a curriculum that brought multi-perspective study (incorporating disciplines such as medicine, engineering, business planning, and product design) to the initial stages of the development process in order to inject innovation into the development of solutions to problems that arise in medical work.
Air Water Biodesign incorporates those processes as a way to speed up development of products and businesses.
Air Water International Advanced Medical Center: The R&D Facility Where Air Water Generates Ideas for a Healthier Tomorrow
Located in the Kobe Biomedical Innovation Cluster (one of the largest medical clusters in Japan), Air Water International Advanced Medical Center is the Air Water Group’s R&D facility for products and services aimed at bringing people healthier lifestyles. It began operations in May 2019. In addition to Air Water Biodesign Inc., one center occupant is Aeras Bio Inc., which is engaged in a range of R&D activities, including joint work with medical schools involved in regenerative medicine—with a particular focus on dental pulp—as well as moves to establish a “bank” of dental pulp stem cells. Another group company, Kairos Co., Ltd., endeavors to adapt 8K imaging technology for state-of-the-art medical applica- tions. The ability to see, touch, and get an instinctive feel for Kairos’s products—and, indeed, a range of other products and services—provides a clearer view of latent needs and ideas than might otherwise be possible. Then, the huge range of resources held by the Air Water Group can be harnessed to spark further innovation.
1. New product development
Design and develop innovative products to meet clients’ needs.
Identify needs
2. Contract product development
Combine technological elements to meet a variety of technical requirements.
3. New business development
Add our unique technologies and services to others’ products to add new business value.
Begin operations
Products and services with new value
       Establish concept
Study technical problems from multiple perspectives to identify the best solutions
Build structure
Software development technology
Marketing
    Structural design technology
Circuit design technology
 AIR WATER REPORT 2019 40

  Air Water’s Approach to CSR
The origins of our business can be found in its name, which consists of two words: “air” and “water.” Our aim is to create businesses by making use of these natural resources and thereby contribute broadly to society and everyday life. This means that our business activities bear significant social responsibilities.
As our group companies cooperate in conducting diverse businesses to support social development and enriched living, we bear responsibilities toward a broad range of our stakeholders; namely, the “social responsibility of a company” to aim for growth together with its employees, shareholders, investors, suppliers, and other business partners through the sustainable growth of our group companies, and the “social responsibility of a corporate citizen” to contribute to the global environment and local communities, which is a basic requisite for a company that is demanded and needed by society.
For Air Water, CSR is an integral part of its management in all aspects. Since Air Water’s management is inseparable from its CSR, we must further enhance our CSR management to achieve the group’s sustainable growth.
Being constantly aware of its multifaceted corporate social responsibilities, Air Water will enhance its CSR management from the standpoint of its stakeholders, and thereby raise its corporate value.
     Social responsibility of a company
Social responsibility of a corporate citizen
Social responsibility in business activities
Air Water’s social responsibilities
CSR activities integral to management
Local communities
Shareholders and investors
Customers
Stakeholder relations
Suppliers
Employees
Global environment
   Enhancement of CSR Management
E S G
   Environment
Social P.47 Governance
P.42
              P.53
  41 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

Environment
  The Air Water Group’s business activities are founded on harnessing natural resources like air and water. As such, not only is environmental conservation essential to sustainable corporate growth, but it is only right that we lead efforts to preserve the global environment for future generations. To that end, we have brought the issue front-and-center by establishing our key environmental challenge as “fighting climate change” in 2019, and the whole group is working hard to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Key Performance Indicators
Air Water Group Basic Environmental Policy Material Balance
Fighting Climate Change
Effective Use of Water Resources
Effective Use of Food Waste
Key environmental challenge:
Fighting climate change
 Having made “fighting climate change” the group’s key environmental challenge, we have established a greenhouse gas (i.e., carbon dioxide) emission reduction target to chart our progress, and announced that target as one of the group’s KPIs in NEXT-2020 Final, our mid-term management plan.
Efforts to cut the group’s carbon dioxide emissions and achieve that target are underway. They include the installation of high-efficiency plants and upgrading of existing plants groupwide, a thorough energy saving regime, and use of renewable energy sources.
In addition to our own efforts, we are working to calculate carbon dioxide emissions throughout our supply chain, beginning by gauging the emissions (scope 3) of suppliers, clients, and other relevant parties.
Fighting Climate Change
KPI: Rate of CO2 emission reduction*
Mid-range target
Reduce by 6% compared with FY2013 levels by FY2021
Reduce by 15% compared with FY2013 levels by FY2030
Key Performance Indicators
  Long-range target
  CO2 emission reduction targets
 (%) 100
95 90 85 80
▲6%
▲15%
        2013 2021
2030 FY
       Reductions through energy savings
Initiatives to reduce total CO2 emissions
CO2 emissions
CO2 emissions
Volume of CO2 emissions reduction
Reductions through use of renewable energy
    *Scope
Manufacturing companies of the Air Water Group classified as Specified Business Operators under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy (incl. Air Water, Inc., and 22 other group companies)
CO2 emission reductions through energy saving and use of renewable energy sources
  Energy saving
Installation of high-efficiency plants, upgrading of existing plants
Thorough energy saving regime
Renewable energy
Adoption of renewable energy sources
Purchase of energy made from renewable sources
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 42
 
 Air Water Group Basic Environmental Policy
Basic Philosophy
We are concerned not only with harnessing air and water resources to make products that benefit industry and lifestyles, but also with ensuring our manufacturing benefits nature itself. Having served their commercial purpose, those resources should return gently and cleanly to their original environment. As a company founded on the laws of nature and the cycle of natural life, acting in accordance with this philosophy is our responsibility to future generations.
Basic Environmental Policy
 (1) We work on prevention of environmental pollution, global warming countermeasures (mitigation of and adaptation to climate change), effective use of resources, and reduction of chemical risk in all our business activities from research and development to production, sales,logistics,andservice.
(2) We research and examine the impact on the environment resulting from our business activities, establish technically and economically feasible goals for reducing environmental load, and promote environmental conservation activities. At the same time, we continually try to improve our environmental management system.
(3) We comply with environmental laws and regulations, establish voluntary standards as necessary, and work for environmental conservation.
(4) We select resources (facilities, raw materials, subsidiary materials,
components, etc.) required for business activities that satisfy technological and economic demands, but which also have a small environmental impact and little negative effect on local residents and employees.
(5) Ourresearch&developmentgivesconsiderationtotheenvironment, safety, and quality, and provides products and goods and develops technologies that contribute to the environment.
(6) We promote acquisition of the ISO 14001 international standard for environmental management systems, and arrange structures for implementing our Basic Environmental Policy.
(7) We use internal publicity and other activities to boost the understanding and awareness of all employees regarding the Air Water Group Basic Environmental Policy. We disclose this Basic Environmental Policy to the general public.
Material Balance
Material Balance: Our Overall Environmental Impact
Providing customers with products created from the earth’s natural resources such as air and water, and returning them to nature after they have been used. The Air Water Group’s work is intimately related to the earth. We therefore promote reductions of our environmental load by tracking inputs like resources
and energy and outputs like products and waste at our major manufacturing facilities.
       Raw materials
Air, coal, seawater, food ingredients, etc.
Containers and packaging materials
572 t
Energy
Electricity: Fuel: Steam:
2.3 billion kWh 116,000 kL 775 TJ
 Material balance: 68 domestic plants of 28 companies below
Scope of collection of environmental performance data
INPUT
 Air Water Group Production Activities in FY2018
       Industrial Gas Business
Production of nitrogen, oxygen and other industrial gases
Chemical Business
Medical Business
Production of oxygen, carbon dioxide,
MgO Energy Business Supply of LPG, LNG, etc.
Seawater Business
Agriculture & Food Products Business
Production of pharmaceutical intermediates,
electronic materials, etc. Logistics Business Transport of high-pressure gas,
and other gases for medical use
Production of table salt, magnesium oxide, etc.
Cultivation of agricultural products and
production of ham, juice, and other food products food, products, pharmaceuticals, etc.
 OUTPUT
      Products
O2 N2 Ar
Industrial waste
50,000 t
CO2
Greenhouse gases
1.599 million t-CO2
HCFCs leak level
HCFC
2,000 t-CO2
Public water:
230 million m3
Sewerage:
0.7 million m3
 Air pollutants
SOx:
NOx:
Soot and dust: 20 t
727 t 620 t
Chemical substances
1,028 t
 Water pollution
COD: 549 t
Nitrogen: Phosphorus: 253 t
73 t
  Air Water Inc. and 27 consolidated subsidiaries* (28 companies in total)
*Consolidated subsidiaries (as of FY2018) selected as having a high environmental load under the Air Water criteria (CO2 emission coverage: 95% or above)
27 group companies Industrial Gas: 6 companies; Chemical: 2 companies; Medical: 2 companies; Agriculture and Food Products: 7 companies; Logistics: 1 company; Seawater: 2 companies; Other: 7 companies
Chemical substances
248,000 t
Water resources
Tap water: 0.7 million m3 Industrial water: 16 million m3
Underground 7.7 million m3 water:
Seawater: 221 million m3
 43 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

 CO2 Emission Reduction Targets
Here at the Air Water Group, we use vast amounts of energy and emit large volumes of carbon dioxide in our business activities such as producing oxygen and nitrogen at industrial gas plants. We are always striving to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, for instance through efficient plant operations and by using the latest high-efficiency equipment. In fiscal 2018, emissions by those group companies classified as Specified Business Operators under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy* were 1,594,000 t-CO2, approximately 3.2 percent below fiscal 2013 levels. Moving forward, we are enhancing our emission reduction initiatives with the aim of reducing total carbon dioxide emissions even further: six percent below fiscal 2013 levels by fiscal 2021, and 15 percent by fiscal 2030.
*Air Water Inc. and 22 group companies (23 companies in total)
Mid-to-Long-Term CO2 Emission Plan
As part of the group’s efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions over the mid-to-long term, those energy-hungry group companies classified as Specified Business Operators under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy have enacted a mid-to-long-term plan, which sets forth actions such as capital investment and improved operations. Under the plan, those companies are indeed working aggressively to cut emissions. Key initiatives stipulated in the plan for fiscal 2019 are shown in the table below.
Key Initiatives of the Air Water Group’s Mid-to-Long-Term Plan to Cut CO2 Emissions (From 2019 Onwards)
CO2 emission reduction targets
■■ Greenhouse gas emissions (t-CO2) (Unit: 1,000 t-CO2)
Change from FY2013 (%)
(%) 100
Air Water Inc. Kashima Plant
Kinki Air Water Inc. Mie Gas Center
Air Water Inc. Utsunomiya Plant
Gold-Pak Co., Ltd. Eniwa Plant
9,598
4,904
2,401
927
100
1,000
500
0 2013
97
2,000
1,646
94
Fighting Climate Change
Environment
  Target plants Initiative (target year)
Reduction (t-CO2/year)
 Build new high-efficiency oxygen plant (FY2021)
Upgrade equipment for reuse of nitrogen plant waste gas (FY2021)
Build new composite storage tank (FY2019)
Improve energy-efficiency overall through upgrading of PET line no. 1 (FY2019)
   85 90 1,500 1,399 80 70 60 50 40 30
1,594
2018
1,547
2021 (Target)
2030 FY 20 (Target)
           Initiatives to Cut CO2 Emissions at Industrial Gas Plants
 Using air to make oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and other industrial gases at our industrial gas plants takes vast amounts of electricity. The power supplied by utility companies is generated at thermal power plants, and in that way, we indirectly emit carbon dioxide—a serious challenge to our mission to cut emissions.
The Air Water Utsunomiya Plant replaced its old plant in 2017 with a VSUA plant (high-efficiency, compact, liquefied oxygen, liquefied nitrogen, and argon production plant) in an effort to achieve more efficient manufacturing. In fiscal 2017, the plant’s carbon dioxide emissions were down 7.7 percent year-on-year, and 13 percent the
following year. The Utsunomi- ya Plant is scheduled to upgrade its old storage tanks in fiscal 2019 to new models that reduce loss, thereby further cutting greenhouse gas emis- sions.
Toshifumi Imanishi
Factory Manager
Air Water Inc., Utsunomiya Plant
   Third-party Verification of Greenhouse Gas Emissions
The Air Water Group discloses greenhouse gas emissions in the Air Water Report and on its website. To ensure that the data we provide are highly transparent and verified from an independent, objective perspective, we have received third-party verification for
our greenhouse gas emissions since fiscal 2017.
We will continue working to provide even more reliable data to outside stakeholders through third-party veri- fication of our green- house gas emissions.
Greenhouse Gas Emission Verification Report
 AIR WATER REPORT 2019 44

 Effective Use of Water Resources
At the Air Water Group, many of our manufacturing businesses rely on water. Some 90 percent of the water we use is seawater, which is used for cooling the heat generated in the course of producing industrial gases and chemicals, and a plentiful source of salt, magnesium, and other elements.
Elsewhere, groundwater is used as an ingredient or coolant when making beverages (in our Agriculture and Food Products Business). Here, too, we are sure to use this precious resource as efficiently as possible, and we work closely with regional governments, residents, and businesses to help maintain the quantity and quality of the local water.
Effective Use of Food Waste
At the Air Water Group, we work aggressively to reduce food waste at our agriculture and food products business plants, and to recycle any waste that does arise. Naturally, we report to the government on the outcomes of these efforts, as required under Japan’s food recycling laws. Groupwide, food recycling exceeds 95 percent of the government’s target rate; in fiscal 2018, increased use of carrots to make vegetable juice and a jump in tea production meant more food waste was generated, but improved recycling meant the overall recycling rate exceeded the preceding year’s figures. Moving forward, we are determined to improve the recycling rate through a range of initiatives, such as partnering with waste contractors to use vegetable scraps as fertilizers.
Food Waste and Recycling Rate
■Increase (in tons) due to broadened scope of data, e.g., resulting from M&As (compared with FY2014)
Water Usage
Groundwater: 3.1%
Industrial water: 6.4%
Tap water: 0.3%
Total water usage (FY2018) 245 million m3
Seawater: 90.2%
■Amount of food waste (t)   Recycling rate (%)
 (t) 98.6 20,000
99.1
99.6 98.3
99.2 (%) 100
  2
1
0
1
2
,
,
8
8
0
9
1
3
1
9 9
2
1
7 7
3
1
2
5
5
,
,
3
3
1
8
,
3
5
5 1,457
16,898
1
8
,
5 5
   1
4 4
1
7
3
3
7
,
,
1
1
     1
8 8
0 0
8
1
2
0
0
,
,
6
6
2
5
8 8
3 12,581 14,492
5
9
8
5 5
         1
1
0
0
0
,
,
0
0
0
0
0
5
0
5
0
     12,814
10,628
    0 0
2
4
8 FY
0 0
         2
0
0
1
1
4
2
2
0
0
1
1
5
5
2
2
0
0
1
1
6
6
2
2
0
0
1
1
7
7
2
2
0
0
1
1
8
      Efficient Use of Water at Beverage Plants
 Gold-Pak is the Air Water Group’s producer of beverages for major drink companies, and we focus mainly on making drinks in cans, paper cartons, and plastic bottles.
Beverage production involves the use of huge volumes of groundwater, so we are careful to use that precious resource as efficiently as possible. For instance, the Azumino Plant uses the same water three times. First, groundwater is used for air conditioning as it maintains a steady temperature all year round, but it is still clean after that, so it is reused in the beverage chilling process, and reused again at the wastewater
 Toshiaki Momose
Executive Officer and Production Manager Gold-Pak Co., Ltd.
treatment plant.
Water from other sources
is also reused to eliminate waste. For instance, clean water from the production process is reused in boilers.
We are dedicated to making the most efficient use of resources possible to ensure our business is always in harmony with the natural environment.
 Reuse of Groundwater at the Azumino Plant
Water reused 24%
  o Effectively
st
M
Ma
an
n
y
y
W
Wa
ay
ys
st
to
U
Us
s
e
e
F
F
o
oo
o
d
dW
Wa
as
t
e
e
  At Tomiichi, we turn potatoes, pumpkins, daikon radishes, and other produce from Hokkaido into processed foods for sale nationwide.
Making pre-cut vegetables, for instance, inevitably leaves large volumes of offcuts and other waste, so we are serious about finding ways to use these effectively. In fiscal 2018, we recycled fully 100 percent of food waste; 97.6 percent was composted and the rest
recycled for livestock feed.
In fact, we have achieved 100 percent recycling for the last six years, and we are determined to continue making efficient use of resources by recycling food
waste.
   Kota Kamata
Production Manager Tomiichi Co., Ltd.
Food Waste Generated by Tomiichi
■Food waste generated (t)
Recycling rate
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
(%) 100
50 FY 0
      45 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

 Environment
    Fighting Climate Change: The Whole Air Water Group Is Working to Cut Carbon Dioxide Emissions
 Yukimasa Takeuchi Executive Officer & General Manager Compliance Center
Air Water Inc.
Our Key Environmental Challenge
As the world maneuvers to limit environmental damage, for example through the Paris Agreement and Sustainable Development Goals, it is clear, in light of our philosophy (“we proudly dedicate ourselves and our resources to the creation and development of businesses linking air, water, and the earth”), that fighting climate change is one of our core responsibilities. Our wide-ranging manufacturing activities make us a major consumer of electricity and fuel, which is why we have made reducing overall carbon dioxide emissions our key environmental challenge. As part of this, we have publicly stated our KPIs for this initiative: reducing total carbon dioxide emissions to six percent below fiscal 2013 levels by fiscal 2021, and 15 percent by fiscal 2030. Why begin with six percent? When we aggregated the reduction targets of our various business sites, it came to around five percent; the extra one percent is a show of our determination. After that, we intend to increase the reduction rate by one percentage point each year until we reach 15 percent in fiscal 2030. These figures are far more aggressive than the 6.5 percent target for the industrial sector under the Japanese government’s Plan for Global Warming Countermeasures and the 10.7 percent stipulated by the Japan Chemical Industry Association in its plan for a “low-carbon society,” but we believe they are achievable when factors such as Japan’s changing energy mix are taken into account.
Savings and Renewables: Dual Approach to Achieve KPIs
One key element of our efforts to achieve our KPIs is capital investment. Air Water Inc., and 22 other group companies are classified as Specified Business Operators under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy. In terms of company numbers, that is only around 20 percent of the whole group, but those companies account for at least 95 percent of the group’s energy consumption. Unsurprisingly, all of these companies are working to cut carbon dioxide emissions, mainly by upgrading facilities to significantly
improve their base rates of energy consumption. For instance, upgrading to state-of-the-art VSUA at Air Water’s Utsunomiya Plant cut carbon dioxide emissions by 13 percent year-on-year in fiscal 2018—more than 4,000 tons of CO2. Similarly, the company’s Kashima Plant plans to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by almost 10,000 tons a year by fiscal 2021 (compared with current levels) by installing high-efficiency oxygen production units. In parallel to the adoption of efficient equipment, it is also vital what we work diligently every day to conserve energy, and each company is striving to do so from the bottom up. Through organized collection and administration of these various activities, we seek to build upon success to gain further achievements.
The other way in which we approach emission reduction is the use of energy made from renewable sources like woody biomass. In fact, our power generation operations bring dual benefits: not only are they a new way for us to cut carbon dioxide emissions, but they also provide us with our own power supply in disaster situations. Operating these power stations boosts our contribution to climate change solutions, and even allows us to sell excess electricity to the grid via the feed-in tariff system. In addition to the two existing power stations in Ako City, Hyogo, and Hofu City, Yamaguchi, three new facilities are scheduled to begin operations soon—a second unit in Ako (in 2020), and one each in Iwaki City, Fukushima (2021), and Kanda-cho, Fukuoka (2023). These power stations are designed to run on under-utilized resources from the local area and around the world, and to be carbon neutral so as to minimize impact on the local environments. When all of the power stations in planning begin operating, they will generate the equivalent of 80 percent of the Air Water Group’s power consumption, and will effectively make a huge contribution to the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions.
A Groupwide Effort for SBT Certification
These are just some of the ways in which the Air Water Group is active in protecting the environment, but there is still more to be done. For instance, the group’s publication of carbon dioxide emissions has been limited to Scope 1 (i.e., those emitted directly by the group by burning fuel) and Scope 2 (those emitted indirectly through the use of electricity). A group like ours really needs to calculate emissions throughout our supply chain, and that means Scope 3 (emissions of all companies relevant to the Air Water group’s activities). Gauging the Scope 3 emissions of a conglomerate as broad and complex as the Air Water Group takes a gargantuan effort, but we are currently maneuvering to do so and look forward to expanding disclosure of Scope 3 carbon dioxide emissions in future.
Meanwhile, when NEXT-2020 Final, our current mid-term management plan, concludes in fiscal 2021, we establish to set even loftier targets for the subsequent years. We are determined to make a cohesive, groupwide effort to reduce carbon dioxide emissions with a view to being Science Based Target* certified.
*Science Based Targets are greenhouse gas emission reduction targets for companies, which are recognized as being in-line with current climate science. SBTs aim to keep the rise in global temperatures within two degrees Celsius of pre-industrial revolution levels.
Message
from the General Manager of the Compliance Center
  AIR WATER REPORT 2019 46

Social
Products and services provided by Air Water contribute to people and society in broad fields, such as manufacturing, medical and nursing care, food, energy, and logistics. NEXT- 2020 Final, the mid-term management plan we launched in fiscal 2019, obliges the group to take action to address workforce potential (diversity and greater opportunities for female employees), improved compliance relating to quality, and elimination of industrial accidents.
Key social challenges
            Harnessing workforce potential
• Diversity
• Greater opportunities
for female employees
          Key Performance Indicators
Workforce Diversity
Rewarding Workplace
Improved compliance relating to quality
Elimination of industrial accidents
Offering Safe and Secure Products and Services
Enhancing Supply Chain Management to Promote Fair Business Practices
Pursuing Stable Return of Profits in Line with Performance and Building Trust
Promoting Activities Closely Tied to and Rooted in Local Communities
 Key Performance Indicators
Targets for improving the gender balance of management-lev- el employees and reducing the frequency rate of accidents associated with days away from work are listed as KPIs in NEXT-2020 Final, our mid-term management plan.
Greater opportunities for female employees
KPI: Gender balance of management-level employees
Target
10% of management positions held by women by FY2021
Elimination of industrial accidents
KPI: Frequency rate of accidents associated with days away from work*
0.90 or lower by FY2021
Gender balance of management-level employees (Air Water Inc. only)
  (%) 15
10 5 0
10
1.5
2018 2021 FY
    Target
Frequency rate of accidents associated with days away from work (groupwide)
  2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5
0
1.72
      0.90
  2018 2021 FY
  *Number of people involved in an accident per one million total working hours
Basic Approach to Employees
The Air Water Group is made up of a variety of group companies engaged in a range of business activities. We protect the human rights of diverse personnel, respect their individuality and character, ensure safety and health, and strive to create workplaces that allow each person to work with energy and a sense of purpose.
Basic Policy on Human Resources
Respect for the Individual
We strive to establish programs that can be chosen by employees in order to respect the will of each and every individual.
Recognition of Ability and Performance
We appropriately recognize ability and performance without regard to age or educational background and structure compensation accordingly.
Personnel Development
We support each employee’s desire for growth through a development-oriented support system and help them achieve their career plans through ongoing skill development and performance opportunities.
Workplaces for Women’s Participation
and Advancement
● Women’s Participation and Advancement Promotion Project
The Women’s Participation and Advancement Promotion Project was launched in 2016 in order to further develop a corporate culture and workplace conditions that enable women to work with energy and a sense of purpose at the Air Water Group. The themes of the Project’s activities are as follows:
(1)Improving workplace culture: We offer training programs for management-level employees, such as a workshop on staff management, with the aim of establishing a nurturing culture.
(2) Proactive hiring of women: As a result of our efforts to enhance the recruitment of women, which began in 2016, the recent three-year average of female employees among total new recruits exceeded 30% (which is higher than our initial target).
(3) Support for career advancement: We modified the personnel system in fiscal 2018 so as to allow every worker to advance in his/her career; specifically, integrating clerical workers in the category of
47 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Workforce Diversity (Commitment to Employees)

  area-specific management track. We also provided career training as a means for women to consider their careers over the mid-to-long term, as well as career management training for those women’s managers. In addition, we provided opportunities for one-on-one career counselling, including discussions with managers and HR, as well as counselling with outside career counsellors.
(4)Actively promoting motivated women: The number of female managers and supervisors (superintendent rank) has been steadily increasing. In particular, women now make up 13.4 percent of all superintendent-ranked employees, a significant rise over June 2018’s figure of 8.8 percent.
(5) Realizing work-life balance: We introduced programs to facilitate continued employment, such as a flex-time program, a leave of absence program (to be used upon a spouse’s transfer), and a job return program. Other initiatives aimed at fostering a culture of healthy balance between work and family life for employees of both genders include encouragement for male employees to take childcare leave, and our own childcare leave system in addition to the regular system of leave.
● Air Water Makes the MSCI Japan Empowering Women (WIN) Select Index
Air Water was selected for the MSCI Japan Empowering Women (WIN) Select Index in June 2019 in recognition of our efforts toward promoting female participation in the workforce. The index was developed by MSCI to boost investment in businesses with positive ESG (environment, social, and governance) credentials.
THE INCLUSION OF [ISSUER ENTITY NAME] IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF [ISSUER ENTITY NAME] BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
Promoting a Healthy Work-Life Balance ● Flexible Working Options
We want employees to become, and remain, motivated in their careers at the Air Water Group. As part of that, we offer various options regarding working schedules when major life events come calling.
(1) Flex time (when employees need to provide childcare or long-term care)
7 9 111213 15 17:4019
(Break)
(Standard work day)
(2) Shortened working hours
(available until employee’s child finishes 3rd grade of elementary school)
● Mental Healthcare Initiatives
A stress check program is among Air Water’s comprehensive initiatives for employee mental health care, which we conduct on a planned, ongoing basis.
The results of the stress check are conveyed directly by the outside professional organization to the employees checked, and employees are also able to consult with specialists via an outside consultation desk without going through the company. In addition, when submitting a request to the company, employees are able to talk with an industrial physician or other specialist and receive guidance.
Personnel Development ● Skill Development
At Air Water, we use the following training systems to help our people attain the skills they need in current and future positions, thus encouraging employees to develop their own careers.
(1) Employee Training
Training Structure (as of September 2019)
Shortened working hours
Rank-specific training
Language skills training
Group language training for young employees
Language training for new recruits
Manufacturing skills training
Worksite supervisor training
Sector-specific specialist training
Social
 Skill development assistance
   New manager training
New post training
Management skills development training
Group leader training
Grade-1 employee training
Year 2 follow-up training
New recruit training
 Language training (by invitation)
•Industrial •Chemical •Medical
•Energy •Agriculture & food •Logistics •Seawater •Research •Administration Etc.
•Specialist skills •Task-related skills
    How to be a manufacturing worker
 Flexible hours
 Core hours
 Flexible hours
   Less than 1 y.o.
Up to starting elementary school (6 y.o.)
Up to the end of 3rd grade elementary school (9 y.o.)
Up to starting middle school (12 y.o.)
Rank-Specific Training
Under this system, we instill the attitudes and mindsets needed to perform the roles and obligations of each specific grade. The training uses self-analysis and a variety of tasks to encourage employees to make discoveries for themselves and apply those in their work. Starting in fiscal 2019, new post training for those assigned to ranks on the cusp of promotion to managerial posts instills the basics of management, thus better enabling us to harness the potential of younger employees. Language Training
This involves a variety of programs, including basic language training to seed new recruits and younger employees with the potential to become globally capable workers, as well as invitation-only language instruction for mid-career employees with a view to overseas postings. Moreover, “language training” is not just about foreign languages, but also teaches practical skills such as presentation, meeting strategies, and debating. Moving forward, we will continue to enhance the globalization of our workforce to prepare for the group’s ongoing internationalization. Manufacturing Skills Training
Worksite supervisor training is a groupwide initiative limited to employees in our manufacturing businesses. Based on solving actual problems from the factory, trainees receive guidance from instructors on how to implement improvements and identify and resolve issues, as well as on workplace leadership.
(2) Career Path Design System
Under this system, employees can set the career path they want to pursue. Following self-assessment in their current positions, participants declare the roles they would like to progress to next, regardless of whether or not it is in the same department or business segment.
     Childcare leave
(Extension available)
   Flex time Regular working
  schedule
 ● Support for Balancing Work and Nursing Care
In order to promote continued employment by employees providing nursing care to family members, Air Water has instituted various support programs related to working hours, including nursing care leave, vacation days, and a flex-time program.
Going forward, we will work to further develop employment conditions in line with Air Water’s characteristics that help employees balance nursing care and job responsibilities.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 48
Assistance system
Incentives for distance learning & qualifications
Managerial General (i.e., not managerial) staff staff

 Reducing Work-related Accidents
No company can thrive without a safe, secure work environment, and workplace safety is our overriding priority. To illustrate our commitment, we established a target for work-related accident reduction: to keep the number of accidents associated with days away from work per million work hours at 0.90 or less by fiscal 2021.
This figure was reached in light of the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare’s work-related accident statistics, the size of the Air Water Group’s workforce, and the nature of the businesses we are involved in.
Creating Safe and Secure Workplace Environments
● Safety and Health Basic Policy
Under the above Basic Policy, through providing safety and health education, we raise the awareness of each employee and promote the creation of a corporate culture that places the highest priority on safety and health.
● Safety and Health Structure
At Air Water, we have established a Central Safety and Health Committee to secure workplace safety and health. The committee meets regularly under the supervision of the director of the Safety and Health Management Headquarters.
The Safety and Health Management HQ director selects the supervisory executives, and is responsible for governing safety and health groupwide, and for eliminating work-related accidents. The assistant director of the Safety and Health Management Headquarters appoints the general manager of the Compliance Center, and assists the director.
In addition, committee members responsible for safety management and health, and the heads of the various safety and health departments, form the Central Health and Safety Committee, and labor union representatives also participate to reflect the workforce’s views in proceedings.
The central committee meetings minutes are disclosed internally to ensure broad dissemination of information.
Safety and Health Structure Chart
● Work-related Accident Reduction Initiatives
In fiscal 2018, the group’s priority focus was on preventing work-related accidents involving falls. Initiatives to reduce accidents included the following.
1. Training
• Technical safety training and safety staff training
• Training for staff in charge of safety at workplaces with high
accident rates
• Risk assessment training
• Safety awareness training for new recruits
2. Reducing Traffic Accidents
• Set and revise rules for vehicles and safe driving
• Traffic safety meetings and administrator seminars at
companies with a high accident risk
3. Preventing Repeats of Similar Accidents
• Lateral sharing of work-related accident information via safety information bulletins
4. Safety Audits
• Safety and security audits
• Special audits of workplaces where accidents occur • Safety diagnoses of manufacturing workplaces by
independent experts
● Work-related Accident Statistics
At the Air Water Group in fiscal 2018, there were 83 accidents associated with days away from work, roughly similar to the previous year (84). The frequency rate* of such accidents was 1.72, an improvement over the previous year (1.88).
*The number of people involved in accidents resulting in death or injury per one million total working hours.
Frequency rate=
Deaths and injuries resulting from work-related accidents
Total working hours
×1,000,000
  FY2018 Analysis and Priority for FY2019
At Air Water, some 21 percent of work-related accidents associated with days away from work in fiscal 2018 involved falling. This was due to an increase in falling accidents in the transport business.
In fiscal 2019, we are working to identify tasks and locations prone to falling accidents, and are carrying out risk assessments to find ways to reduce those risks.
Frequency rate of accidents for cases associated with days away from work
2.0
1.5 1.91
1.73
1.61
1.88 1.72
    1.43 0.5
1.23
1.0
 0.90
Medium-term Target
   Chairman, President
Central Safety and
Safety and Health Management Headquarters Director (Supervisory Executive of Administrative Division)
Safety and Health Management Headquarters Assistant Director (General Manager, Compliance Center)
Health Committee
    Committee member responsible for safety management (General Manger of the safety management division)
Committee member responsible for health (General Manager of the human resources division)
 Chairperson of each Health and Safety Committee, Chairperson of the labor union’s Central Executive Committee
49 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Subcommittees in each region/business division
Rewarding Workplace (Commitment to Employees)
 1. We aim to achieve zero work-related accidents, and advance comprehensive and systematic safety measures.
2. We promote the formation of a comfortable workplace environment, while securing employee safety and health.
3. We comply with all related laws and operating procedures, and create workplaces with clear lines of responsibility concerning occupational safety, traffic safety, and occupational health, as well as safety and disaster prevention.
0
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 FY
Breakdown of accidents associated with days away from work
    Other 30%
Cuts and grazes 2% Traffic accidents 13%
FY2018 83
Collisions and falling down 21%
Falls and stumbling 19%
Caught or pinched in machinery 15%
*Categories based on those used in government industrial accident statistics
 
  Offering Safe and Secure
Products and Services (Commitment to Customers)
Basic Approach to Customers
Air Water is working every day to offer products and services that meet its customers’ high expectations and earn their trust.
We are making groupwide efforts toward further improvement of quality, focusing on safety and security.
Company-wide Policy on Quality and
Company-wide Quality Targets
The Air Water Company-wide Policy on Quality is designed to encourage quality assurance and raise employees’ awareness of the importance of quality. We have set company-wide targets as a means of improving quality levels, and are working to reduce quality risks.
Initiatives to Boost Quality Compliance
● Quality Compliance Guidelines
The steady stream of cover-ups at famous Japanese companies regarding quality problems has made people sensitive to such issues. Any such wrongdoing, major complaints, and large-scale recalls may undermine society’s trust in us and cause untold economic losses. To help avoid such disasters, we instituted the Air Water Group Quality Compliance Guidelines in 2018. The guidelines stipulate the basics of the group’s activities toward reducing quality compliance risks, and set forth policies for departments and group companies to improve their risk management.
Meetings were held in Osaka, Tokyo, and Sapporo in January 2019 to explain the guidelines to quality assurance staff from various group companies, so that they could then relay the relevant information throughout the group.
● Quality Risk Surveys
Since fiscal 2017, we have conducted internal surveys to identify the risk factors of the group’s products, and to determine the nature of risks and the status of risk control within the group.
● Quality Assurance Workshops
Workshops are an effective means of pursuing quality assurance activities groupwide.
For instance, in fiscal 2018, we held workshops in order to increase the number of in-house auditors who can respond to the 2015 version of ISO9001. Workshops were held in Osaka, Tokyo, and Sapporo to explain about the switch to the 2015 certification and new qualifications, and to instill understanding about the essential requirements of ISO 9001. A total of 107 employees attended.
Enhancing Supply Chain Management
to Promote Fair Business Practices (Commitment to Suppliers)
Basic Approach to Suppliers
For the continued growth of its business, Air Water strives to comply with laws and observe agreements with customers, suppliers, and other parties, and to maintain and improve trust-based relationships with its stakeholders. We promote fair business practices and hope to grow together with our stakeholders.
Purchasing Approach
Air Water has established its purchasing approach in the Purchasing Management Regulations as follows.
Fair Dealings
● Compliance Training Seminars
Maintaining and developing good relations with suppliers based on fair dealings is not only the bedrock on which our business is founded, it is also key to enhancing compliance.
 Company-wide Policy on Quality
Offering products, goods, and services with quality appreciated by our customers with a word of thanks.
 Company-wide Quality Target
Follow the Quality Compliance Guidelines and reduce quality risks in Air Water Group products.
In fiscal 2018, we held compliance training seminars for newly appointed managers and newly hired employees, as well as the representatives and management supervisors of compa- nies new to the Air Water Group. The seminars focused on compliance with relevant laws, including:
• The Act on Prohibition of Private Monopolization and Maintenance of Fair Trade
Compliance training
Social
 ● Air Water selects its suppliers based on a comprehensive evaluation rooted in economic rationality. Selection is made without regard to nationality, location, or size of business, and new entrants are always given a fair and impartial opportunity to participate.
● In conducting its purchasing activities, Air Water considers conservation of resources and environmental protection. In addition, the company ensures that related laws as well as its own regulations and circulars are fully understood and observed.
 • The Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc. to Subcontractors
• The Construction Business Act.
Promoting Green Procurement
Some Air Water Group companies promote “green procurement” practices as a means of reducing their environmental footprint. These companies consider environmental factors of the goods and services which they procure in addition to quality, price, and delivery time and thus endeavor to purchase raw materials, chemical additives, fuels, packaging materials, product transport, and products from suppliers that work proactively to preserve the environment.
● Principles in Selecting Goods
We adopt the following principles in order to select goods that have little environmental impact in all stages of manufacturing, use, and disposal.
 (1) Raw materials
(2) Controlling use of hazardous
substances, etc.
(3) High reusability and
(4) Durability
(5) Packaging materials
(6) Energy-saving
(7) Low environmental load in
recyclability
disposal
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 50

 Pursuing Stable Return of Profits in Line
with Performance and Building Trust (Commitment to Shareholders and Investors)
Basic Approach to Shareholders and
Investors
We actively communicate with shareholders and investors to help deepen their understanding of Air Water’s businesses and management strategies and also work to build trust on a stable, long-term basis by returning profits to shareholders in line with performance.
Communication with Shareholders and
Investors
In order to make it easier for shareholders to have their say, we publish convocation notices regarding meetings quickly on our website, and allow online voting. We also issue shareholder reports twice a year to provide a clear representation of our business activities and performance.
For institutional investors and analysts, we hold quarterly conference calls and individual meetings, and organize briefings led by the president relating to the second and fourth quarter accounts. Moreover, we endeavor to strengthen direct communication with overseas investors through overseas roadshows and conferences, again with the participation of the president.
We also provide relevant information in a timely manner to individual investors through a variety of direct communication means, including informational events and our well-maintained website.
We will continue to communicate proactively, and to maintain and develop stable, long-term, trust-based relationships with our shareholders, investors, and analysts.
Institutional investor and analyst outreach in FY2018
Promoting Activities Closely Tied to
and Rooted in Local Communities (Commitment to Local Communities)
Basic Approach to Community Relations
The Air Water Group has eight regional business companies throughout Japan, and over 260 group companies in various industries. These companies are closely tied to their local commu- nities and pursue businesses rooted in those communities, while contributing to local development and deepening communication with local residents.
● Well-Rounded Personal Development Classes for Elementary School Kids
At Air Water, we were proud to help hold a special science class at Kyoto University on February 11, 2019, where we sponsor the American football team.
The team’s athletes hold a regular event for elementary school children, where sports and academic learning are used to promote well-rounded personal development, and we were brought in to conduct science experiments using liquid nitrogen. Two young staff from our research facilities were the “teachers” that day, and enthralled the kids with a demonstration of how liquid nitrogen is made from air.
Kids participate in experiments using liquid nitrogen
● Emergency Drills and Information: Forging Stronger Bonds with the Community
As natural disasters become increasingly common, close coordination with local communities will be vital in emergency situations.
With that in mind, we are taking a variety of action. For instance, three Air Water Group companies held a joint seminar in March 2019 to teach people what to do with medical gas and in-home oxygen supply devices in emergencies. The seminar was attended by 83 medical professionals from local hospitals and clinics, whose well-justified unease about what to do in emergencies were addressed with real-world examples such as Hokkaido Air Water’s reaction to the large-scale blackouts that followed the Hokkaido Eastern Iburi Earthquake of September 2018. In this instance, the company teamed up with relevant group subsidiaries to quickly inspect medical gas supplies and facilities, provided necessary support to at-home patients, checked on the wellbeing of some 4,300 people, and secured Hokkaido’s oxygen reserves with product from Honshu.
On September 6, 2019, the anniversary of the aforementioned earthquake, we held drills at 11 Air Water sites in Hokkaido to reinforce proper action regarding LPG supplies in emergency situa- tions. The drills assumed difficult circumstances—blackouts across
the whole of Hokkaido and malfunction of the devices that fill tank trucks with gas—and drilled partici- pants on how to restore gas supplies using mobile power supply vehicles.
  ◎ Briefing for institutional investors and analysts: 2
◎ Teleconferences for institutional investors and analysts: 3
◎ Conferences hosted by securities firms: 4
◎ Individual meetings with institutional investors and analysts: 158
  Financial results briefing
Disclosure Policy
Our shareholder report
Air Water endeavors to ensure prompt information disclosure to its shareholders and investors based on the principles of transparency, fairness, and continuity. In disclosing information, we comply with the Rules on Timely Disclosure of Corporate Information by Issuers of Listed Securities of the Tokyo Stock Exchange (hereinafter, “Timely Disclosure Rules”). We also endeavor to proactively disclose information not subject to the Timely Disclosure Rules in a timely manner.
 51 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
LPG supply restoration drills

 Social
   Building Resilience to Today’s Unrelenting Social Change through Fearless HR Management
 Workforce Is Key to Our Commitment to the Community
NEXT-2020 Final, the Air Water Group’s new mid-term business plan, provides six areas of reform as part of our basic policies. One of those is reform in social value creation, and as part of that, we are working to further clarify the materiality of ESG and KPIs. For the first year of the plan, we are focusing on boosting workforce diversity and opportunities for women to advance; this is an important facet of the “S” (social) in ESG, and one of three KPIs (“improved gender balance of management-level employees”). Elsewhere, we are working hard in another of the six areas of reform: reform of workforce development.
These activities are based on diversity and inclusion, and designed to boost the workforce diversity—one of the group’s core strengths. Channeling the skills of our many individuals is not just a way to add to our collective strength, but is also a vital means of making a rewarding workplace for our people.
People and Data Drive a Balanced Policy
Our three-day training program for managers at Air Water and the regional business companies is gradually being expanded to incorporate the whole group. Our aim is to ascertain the individual skills and qualities of our employees by creating a databank of objective data obtained from the “human assessments” conducted as part of this training.
In the future, we intend to have a holistic training framework encompassing all ranks of all Air Water Group companies worldwide, and to conduct these “human assessments” so as to have a databank not only of the individual qualifications, experience, and achievements of our workforce, but also their personal qualities and skills. Such data is universal in nature, and will therefore allow us to manage our workforce on a groupwide basis without the restrictions that company boundaries throw up. We hope that, in addition to ensuring that the most suitable people are assigned to the most suitable positions, this system will fluidize our human resources in a way that makes it easier for individuals to pursue growth. It is essential that we provide talented employees, who have traditionally been shackled by managers who guard such resources jealously, broader opportunities, and that those employees take these chances to advance. A talented employee’s departures for fertile fields in other areas of the group is not a loss; it is a churning of the local soil and a chance for budding employees to grow.
Our overall aim is to better harness the Air Water Group’s human resources in a way that complements the data-driven side of management, and to better harness data in a way that complements the people-driven side of management. In doing so, we seek to maximize the value offered by one of the Air Water Group’s foremost strengths: our diverse workforce.
Yasunori Kato
Corporate Director and General Manager of Human Resources Air Water Inc.
Parlaying Innovative HR Policies into Greater Social Value
Another important facet of our HR policies today is hiring more women and non-Japanese people, and ensuring our working environments are as welcoming to them as to everyone else.
Improving the gender balance of company management is one of our KPIs, and we are determined to achieve large increases. First, we must increase the percentage of our female workforce. Our lifestyle-related business, in particular, can benefit from the approaches, perspectives, and ways of working unique to women employees, so we are working proactively to hire more women in this area. We hope that greater numbers of female employees in management positions will serve to motivate the women in our workforce and contribute to our efforts to attract and retain talent.
In addition, we have plans to further globalize our workforce, such as by expanding our hiring for overseas operations to include overseas students studying in Japan and Japanese studying abroad. Those who have qualifications and communication skills that hint at potential for high-level performance will receive commensurate compensation packages, and those who acquire these after joining our team will also be considered for placement in the international section of workforce and overseas postings.
In April 2020, we will launch our New Manager Development Program (name TBC), which seeks to place talented employees in management positions early on, regardless of gender or nationality. The program is intended to speed up the process of getting the right people into the right positions by simplifying the rules, which have traditionally been rigid in their requirement that every single step on the path to promotion must be observed.
Meanwhile, as game-changing technologies like 5G, the internet of things, and artificial intelligence become increasingly commonplace, change itself is becoming increasingly fast. At the Air Water Group, we believe that HR policies based on diversity and inclusion are key to ensuring we can stay abreast of those advancements and boosting our value to society as a whole.
Message
Head of Human Resources
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 52

Governance
The Air Water Group believes that conducting fair business activities, using general common sense, and gaining trust from all stakeholders is essential for continu- ous business growth and the maximizing of enterprise value. To this end, we believe that our most important management task is to make ceaseless efforts to estab- lish comprehensive corporate governance by enhancing the internal control system, enforcing compliance, and reinforcing risk management.
Enhancing Corporate Governance Enforcing Compliance Reinforcing Risk Management Information Security
              Compliance with Japan’s Corporate
Governance Code
Details regarding some of Air Water’s activities in line with Japan’s Corporate Governance Code—established by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, effective June 1, 2015—are reported in our Corporate Governance Report, which is available to the public on the company’s official website.
Corporate Governance Report
http://www.awi.co.jp/csr/governance/
Summary of Corporate Governance
System
Air Water is a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board, where the Board of Directors is responsible for making important management decisions and supervising business execution, and auditing of the execution of director duties and other matters is accomplished through Audit & Supervisory Board members attending meetings of the Board of Directors and other important committees. This management framework ensures appropriate decision-making and prompt business execution by directors while enabling proper supervision and monitoring of each director’s performance of duties.
Corporate Governance Structure
Business execution
Internal control
Board of Directors
20 (incl. 2 outside directors) 15 meetings per year
Submission and reporting
Reporting
Appointment and dismissal
Corporate Management Committee
Reporting Cooperation
Enhancing Corporate Governance
   Cooperation
General Shareholders’ Meeting
  Management
Appointment and dismissal Auditing
Appointment and dismissal Cooperation
Appointment and dismissal
Accounts audit
Audit & Supervisory Board
5 (incl. 3 outside auditors) 16 meetings per year
         Supervision Submission and reporting Reporting and direction
Accounting Auditors
 Supervision
Operations audit
Reporting
  Representative Director
  Operating Companies, Business Divisions, Administration Division, Research Division, Group Companies
     NB: Board meeting frequency based on FY2018 numbers.
53 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Internal auditing
Reporting
  Internal Auditing Office
Auditing and reporting guidance
Compliance Center

  Directors and the Board of Directors
In addition to matters stipulated in laws, regulations and the Articles of Association, Air Water’s Board of Directors makes decisions and receives reports on important matters related to the Air Water Group’s management and business execution and also supervises and monitors individual directors. Moreover, Air Water appoints two outside directors so as to receive recommendations and opinions that are beneficial to Air Water’s management from an outside, objective perspective in order to further reinforce the Board of Director’s management supervisory function. The term of office for directors is set at one year in order to make it possible to flexibly construct the optimal management framework in a rapidly changing business environment and to further clarify the management responsibilities of directors each fiscal year.
Gauging the Board’s Efficacy
As part of Air Water’s efforts to bolster the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole, the board is subject to an annual analysis and assessment.
FY2018 Assessment Method
All members of the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board answered a self-assessment questionnaire, and the responses were analyzed with input from external institutions to identify current conditions and weaknesses in the board’s overall effectiveness.
FY2018 Assessment Results
The effectiveness assessment resulted in a mostly positive outcome, showing that the Air Water Board of Directors had the requisite size and diversity to engage in meaningful deliberations; that the number and contents of matters tabled for discussion at board meetings were appropriate; and that matters were fully deliberated upon, with members making statements and asking questions proactively. Thus, the board was, in general, deemed to be performing its corporate governance roles and responsibilities, and was therefore assessed to be sufficiently effective. Conversely, issues were raised, such as the need to secure more time to discuss matters, more easily understandable explanations and materials relating to matters tabled before the board, and other issues to improve function of the board.
Moving forward, we will use the outcomes of the effectiveness assessments as part of our ongoing efforts to improve the board’s functions.
Corporate Management Committee
As the body that supports accurate and quick decision-making in the group’s wide-ranging fields of business, the Corporate Management Committee is comprised of executive directors at the level of managing director and higher, the general managers of each business division, and other key managers. The Corporate Management Committee, which meets once a month, in principle, conducts advance deliberations on the agenda items of the Board of Directors from wide-ranging and diverse standpoints, and also deliberates on important items related to the Air Water Group’s business execution.
Audit & Supervisory Board and A & SB Members
Air Water appoints three additional outside A & SB members so as to receive recommendations and opinions that are beneficial to Air Water’s auditing from an outside, objective perspective in order to further reinforce monitoring and supervision of management.
A & SB members work to grasp and monitor management execution by such means as attending Board of Directors meetings and other key meetings in accordance with the auditing policies and standards, etc., stipulated by the Audit & Supervisory Board, and conduct auditing to ensure that the execution of duties by directors conforms with laws, regulations, and the Articles of Association and that corporate operations are being executed properly through supervision and verification of the design and operation, etc., of the internal control system, including internal controls related to financial reporting.
A & SB members receive regular reports from the accounting auditors and internal auditing unit on the status of audits and findings, and exchange information and opinions with them.
Internal Audits
Internal audits are conducted regularly by the Internal Auditing Office, the company’s internal auditing unit, on the Air Water Group’s compliance with laws, regulations, and internal rules and on the appropriateness and adequacy of the group’s business processes. The Internal Auditing Office also conducts monitoring and supervision of the construction and operation of the internal control system for ensuring the reliability and appropriateness of financial reporting, and with respect to evaluations of the system’s effectiveness, the Office fulfills the role of lead managing division under the responsibility and direction of the representative director.
In addition, along with the Internal Auditing Office, Air Water has established the Compliance Center as the dedicated department for cross-group management and governance in connection with compliance, disaster prevention, and environmental protection. When facts are found through internal audits that have the potential to seriously impact Air Water’s management, there is a system for appropriately reporting them to the Audit & Supervisory Board and the representative director.
Accounting Auditors
With regard to accounting audits, Air Water has concluded an auditing agreement with KPMG AZSA LLC, and this firm carries out the audits.
Independent Officers
In order to ensure that the management supervisory function of the Board of Directors is highly effective, Air Water appoints independent outside directors and independent outside auditors with the capability and experience to contribute to the company’s sustained growth and help increase its corporate value over the medium-to-long term.
Independence Judgment Criteria and Qualifications for Outside Officers
Air Water appoints as outside officers individuals who meet requirements and criteria stipulated in the Companies Act and by financial instrument exchanges and who meet the Judgment Criteria for the Independence of Outside Officers, which has been established by resolution of the Board of Directors. In addition, in selecting candidates for outside officer positions, the company puts emphasis on a high level of expertise and extensive experience that make possible honest and constructive recommendations and opinions with respect to the company’s management.
Details of the Judgment Criteria for the Independence of Outside Officers are provided in our Corporate Governance Report.
Governance
 Effectiveness Assessment Questionnaire: Main Areas Covered
● Make-up of the Board of Directors
● Operation of the Board of Directors
● Training
● Individuals’ efforts relating to the board
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 54

 Reasons for Appointment of
Independent Officers
We chose these five people because they meet the company’s Judgment Criteria for the Independence of Outside Officers, and we have judged that there is no reason to suspect the existence of “potential conflicts of interest with general shareholders” as stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Outside Director Yukiko Sakamoto
Board of Directors meeting attendance: 15/15
Yukiko Sakamoto has held key positions in the Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare; and has served as the deputy governor of Shizuoka Prefecture and as a member of the House of Councilors. She therefore has extensive experience and a high level of expertise. In light of her leveraging of that experience and expertise to provide beneficial advice regarding Air Water’s overall management, we believe she is indeed an appropriate appointment.
Outside Director Isamu Shimizu Board of Directors meeting attendance: 11/12
(board meetings held on and after his appointment on June 27, 2018)
Isamu Shimizu is a professor emeritus of Kyoto University and a long-standing researcher of ecology. He therefore has extensive experience and a high level of expertise. In light of the beneficial advice he provides regarding Air Water’s overall management, we believe he is indeed an appropriate appointment.
Outside Auditor Kouichi Nakagawa
Board of Directors meeting attendance: 15/15
Audit & Supervisory Board meeting attendance: 16/16
Kouichi Nakagawa has had a long career in the financial industry, and therefore brings a wealth of experience and expertise. In light of the useful guidance and advice he provides regarding the appropriateness of Air Water’s pursuit of business operations, we believe he fulfils the auditory functions required of an outside auditor, and is therefore an appropriate appointment.
Outside Auditor Akihiko Takashima
Board of Directors meeting attendance: 9/15
Audit & Supervisory Board meeting attendance: 8/16
Akihiko Takashima has had a long career in the steel industry (one of the main purchasers of industrial gas), and therefore brings a wealth of experience and expertise. In light of his leveraging of that experience and expertise to provide useful guidance and advice from an independent perspective regarding the appropriateness of Air Water’s pursuit of business operations, we believe he fulfils the auditory functions required of an outside auditor, and is therefore an appropriate appointment.
Outside Auditor Atsushi Hayashi
Board of Directors meeting attendance: 14/15
Audit & Supervisory Board meeting attendance: 15/16
Atsushi Hayashi has a wealth of experience and expertise as a judge and attorney. In light of his leveraging of that experience and expertise to provide useful guidance and advice regarding the appropriateness of Air Water’s pursuit of business operations, we believe he fulfils the auditory functions required of an outside auditor, and is therefore an appropriate appointment.
     Support for Outside Officers
The General Affairs Department, which provides admin functions for the Board of Directors, distributes to outside directors materials pertaining to board meeting agendas and reports well in advance of meetings, and explains them where required.
Information and materials about the company that outside auditors require (or that are otherwise deemed appropriate for sharing among auditors) are relayed to them mainly by the standing statutory auditors.
Officers’ Remuneration
Directors are paid remuneration within a scale approved by a shareholders’ meeting resolution, and adjusted in accordance with each individual’s roles and responsibilities. Another consideration when deciding on remuneration is our belief that it is a powerful incentive for working to improve corporate value over the medium-to-long term. For remuneration to be approved, the representative directors deliberate on the matter before drawing up a remuneration table and receiving the input of the independent outside directors before tabling it for approval at a Board of Directors meeting. Similarly, auditors are paid remuneration within a scale approved by a shareholders’ meeting resolution, and finalized after discussion and decision by the auditors.
Composition of Officers’ Remuneration
Remuneration paid to directors (excluding outside directors) comprises three parts: a base fee, which is a fixed amount; bonuses, which are determined in accordance with the company’s business performance; and stock options, which serve as an incentive to pursue progress in business performance and share price over the medium-to-long term. In addition, starting in fiscal 2019, we have instituted a remuneration system to ensure that directors shoulder a greater share of the benefits and risks of share price movement along with shareholders. The new system assigns shares with transfer restrictions to directors (excluding outside directors) as a means of motivating them to work hard to drive share prices upward and improve corporate value. The remuneration paid to outside directors and auditors comprises only the basic fee and bonuses.
Officers’ Remuneration in FY2018
Director* 19
Auditor* 2
 Category
Total remuneration, etc. (million yen)
1,041
49
60
Remuneration by type (million yen)
Basic fee
785
43
55
Bonuses
176
5
4
Stock options
79
—
—
No. of officers included
       NB: Board meeting attendance based on FY2018 numbers.
55 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Outside officer
*Excl. outside officers
*Incl. 1 director or outside officer who resigned in FY2018
6
 
  Enforcing Compliance
Compliance Structure Overview
In the organizational structure for compliance management, the Compliance Center has been set up as the supervising department under the direct control of the representative director, and is in charge of integrated management of compliance-related problems. The chief of the Compliance Center is appointed from among executive officers. Starting from January 2018, each company has a department responsible for compliance associated with organizational reform to expedite decision-making for ensuring thorough compliance. The responsible department of each company seeks to closely cooperate with the Compliance Center, thereby enhancing the compliance structure of the group companies.
Air Water Group Code of Ethical Conduct
The Air Water Group Code of Ethical Conduct provides all officers and employees of Air Water and its group companies with guidelines to help them act in strict conformance with the laws and regulations and behave in an ethical manner. In addition, we have a Compliance Handbook, which breaks down the code and provides examples of violations in an easy-to-understand manner. The handbook is distributed to all group employees with the aim of raising their awareness of the vital importance of ethical conduct and compliance.
Compliance Committee
Air Water has established the Compliance Committee as a consultative body in which relevant divisions get together and discuss compliance issues. The Committee considers specific measures concerning the policies and instructions on compliance given by the representative director, and other issues, and also discusses ways to deal with compliance violations if they occur.
Internal Reporting System
Air Water has established an internal reporting system in order to ensure compliance-based management. Anyone who becomes aware of violations of laws or internal rules, or any acts which may violate them, can make a report. Points of contact for reporting have been established both inside and outside the company, and there is a provision ensuring that a person who makes a report will not suffer any disadvantage.
The points of contact, or hotline, for this internal reporting system are communicated to all group employees by such means as the “compliance poster” displayed at all business sites.
See our website for more on our compliance-related activities.
Compliance at the Air Water Group
https://www.awi.co.jp/esg/governance/compliance.html
Reinforcing Risk Management
Risk Management Structure
The Compliance Center, which is under the direct control of the representative director, manages, as the supervisory division for the entire group, the risks recognized as particularly important for business activities of the Air Water Group; namely, the risks concerning compliance, safety, disaster prevention, environmen- tal preservation, and quality assurance.
Individual risks concerning information security, intellectual property, expansion of overseas businesses, business contracts, etc., are managed through actions at the level of each responsible division such as by formulating internal regulations, preparing manuals, and providing education and training, as well as through prior inspection and authorization procedures.
With the Compliance Center serving as the secretariat, the risk management examination meeting is held regularly, helping to bolster the risk management framework of the entire group.
Crisis Management Framework
Governance
  Direction
Response
Reporting Auditing
Order to establish headquarters and take countermeasures
Prompt Consultation reporting
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  Crisis Management Committee / Emergency Headquarters
        Reporting
Compliance Committee
Reporting
Compliance Center
Representative Director
Reporting Direction Direction
Contacting
Reporting Direction Prompt reporting Direction
   Management
 Risk occurrence department (incidents, disasters, compliance violation)
See our website for more on our risk-management activities. Risk management at the Air Water Group
https://www.awi.co.jp/esg/governance/risk_management.html
Information Security
Initiatives for Information Security
Air Water is fully aware that protecting the information of customers, etc., is an important social responsibility of any company. This means not only complying with laws and regulations related to specific personal information or personal information protection but also requiring all officers, employees, and other related parties engaged in corporate activities to ensure information security and protection of information in accordance with internal information security management regulations.
Major Information Security Measures
  Category Measures
Dissemination of rules
· Conducting training against targeted email attacks
Management of information devices
· Encryption of information devices
· Periodic inventory counting using asset management tools
Illegal use prevention
· Password control and periodic changing of password
· Controlling entry into/departure from data center
· Banning connection of personal PC to company network,
banning connection of personal media to company PC
Measures against external threats
· Complete separation of external network and intranet using firewall
· Introduction of latest antivirus software
· Web filtering and blocking unsolicited emails
· Monitoring unauthorized communication with outside
parties
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 56

Financial Highlights
Net sales (million yen) 1,000,000
800,000
600,000
400,000
200,000
Operating income (million yen) 50,000
40,000
30,000
20,000
10,000
Ordinary income (million yen) 50,000
40,000
30,000
20,000
10,000
                              000
   2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
Profit attributable to owners of parent
(million yen) 30,000
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
Capital investment & depreciation
(million yen) 80,000
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
Free cash flow (million yen) 40,000
30,000
20,000
10,000
0
-10,000
-20,000
-30,000
-40,000
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
Interest-bearing debt balance (million yen) & net D/E ratio
(million yen)
500,000
           20,000
10,000
0
70,000 60,000 50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000 0
                 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
Total assets (million yen) & equity capital ratio (%)
(million yen)
1,200,000 45
■■ Capital investment ROE & ROA (%)
■■ Depreciation
9.1 9.4 9.3
(%)
10 9.6 8
1.0 0.79 0.8
    41.3 40.8 40.7 40.1
1,000,000 800,000 600,000 400,000 200,000
0
37.2
40
35
30
25
20
7.1
8.7
6.2
400,000
300,000 0.58 0.57
200,000
100,000
     6.8
6.8
6.4
0.65
  6 4 2
0.55
0.6 0.4 0.2
                   150
0 0
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
■■ Interest-bearing Net D/E ratio debt balance
   2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) ■■ Total assets Equity capital ratio
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) ROA ROE
57 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
46,977
-32,114
263,165
44,691 41,251
-13,872
203,183 172,403
43,580
27,620
42,398 41,341
27,119
35,075 38,159
2,864 15,587
157,795 154,864
39,524 36,126
42,236 32,028
801,493
26,468
783,047
753,559 670,536
25,173 22,337
693,101 629,115
660,622 660,541
20,139 20,702
575,832 547,642
78,526
14,516
61,309
40,587
25,524 26,620
25,222

Non-Financial Highlights
Greenhouse gas emissions (thousand tons) 2,000
1,500
1,000
500
Water used (million m3) 300
200
100
Industrial waste generated (tons) 50,000
40,000
30,000
20,000
10,000
                           000
   2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) *Group companies (23) classified as Specified Business
Operators under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy
No. of new recruits &
percentage of women among new recruits ranks
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) *Amount generated by group companies (10) deemed
to be major generators of industrial waste in FY2018
(%)
60 60 60
50 50
42.9
40 40 40
33.3
30 30
25.0
23.5
20 20
13.4
(%) 15
10
20
15
19.0 18.7
Percentage of women among supervisor
Average years of service
       16.2
15.8
   8.8 5.4
14.6
    5.7
5.1
 20 5
2.1
   18.2
     10 10
0 00 010
1.1
2015/6 2016/6 2017/6 2018/6 2019/6 (Year/month)
  0.8 0.8
1.1
   2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) *Air Water Inc. only
Incidents reported internally by whistleblowers
■■ New recruits *Air Water Inc. only
Turnover rate (%)
% of women
■■ No. of women in managerial positions
% of women in managerial positions
% of women in superintendent positions
■■ No. of women in superintendent positions
*Air Water Inc. only
Frequency rate of work-related accidents associated with days away from work (%)
6 2 20
   5.36
4.84
4.23
0.00
010
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
*Within 3 years of employment
   1.73
1.88
1.23
1.72 15 10
5
  4
2
1.61
  2.08
1.5
      AIR WATER REPORT 2019 58
42,210
18
245
38
242 264
28
248 238
17
3
1,594
33
1,567 1,552
21
17
1,461 1,679
22
16
36,148 35,650
15
9
28,783
9
21,598
8
18
5
18
2
10
7

Financial Data (10-Year)
Fiscal year 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
    59 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Net sales
Operating income
Ordinary income
Profit attributable to owners of parent Capital investment
Depreciation
426,357 471,809 28,202 31,268 29,020 32,958 13,916 11,680 25,356 33,820 17,044 19,423
492,679 540,016 641,256 31,672 27,897 35,078 33,601 35,155 36,281 17,167 18,365 19,225 22,843 34,110 32,348 20,373 22,058 24,337
660,541 36,126 38,159 20,702 32,028 25,222
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Free cash flow
Fiscal year end
44,592 (25,820) (20,615)
18,772
32,576 (34,766) (1,591) (2,190)
39,661 (28,695) (7,611) 10,966
30,057 (42,501) 10,253 (12,443)
48,248 (52,186) 4,620 (3,938)
51,071 (35,483) (7,940) 15,587
Total assets Interest-bearing debt Equity capital
Per-share data
392,758 407,639 114,787 122,317 153,140 157,636
430,547 484,328 528,092 119,385 141,295 155,479 170,448 185,599 203,500
547,642 154,864 226,375
Earnings per share (EPS, yen) Net assets (BPS, yen) Dividend (DPS, yen)
Major indicators
73.64 61.24 89.35 94.04 98.32 105.75 789.89 822.05 873.78 949.63 1,040.22 1,155.80 22 22 22 24 26 28
Recurring margin (%) Return on asset (ROA, %) Return on equity (ROE, %) Equity capital ratio (%) Net D/E ratio
Payout ratio (%)
Non-financial information
6.8 7.5 9.7
39.0 0.60 29.9
7.0 6.8 6.5 5.7 5.8 8.2 8.0 7.7 7.2 7.1 7.5 10.5 10.3 9.9 9.6
38.7 39.6 38.3 38.5 41.3 0.66 0.57 0.65 0.66 0.58 35.9 24.6 25.5 26.4 26.5
Consolidated number of employees as of fiscal year-end (persons)
Number of consolidated subsidiaries
7,925 8,237 8,062 8,937 9,557 10,147 62 65 65 68 75 81
     
 660,622 670,536 39,524 41,341 35,075 41,251 20,139 22,337 42,236 40,587 26,620 25,524
753,559 42,398 44,691 25,173 61,309 27,119
801,493 43,580 46,977 26,468 78,526 27,620
43,512 (40,647) (8,115) 2,864
58,873 (44,357) (8,553) 14,516
47,764 (61,637) 4,489 (13,872)
56,690 (88,804) 40,905 (32,114)
575,832 629,115 157,795 172,403 234,726 255,984
693,101 203,183 277,954
Yen
783,047 263,165 291,211
102.73 114.53 128.95 1,196.92 1,312.55 1,422.60 28 34 38
135.34 1,487.58 40
5.3 6.2 5.9 6.2 6.8 6.8 8.7 9.1 9.4
40.8 40.7 40.1 0.57 0.55 0.65 27.3 29.7 29.5
5.9 6.4 9.3
37.2 0.79 29.6
11,334 12,580 14,265 85 101 111
15,757 130
     (Unit: million yen) 2017 2018
■ Net Sales Analysis (million yen)
 2015 2016
+10,225
801,493
2018 (FY)
46,977
-1,157
+7,666 +17,124
753,559
2017
■ Ordinary Income Analysis (million yen) +760
+1,851
+961
44,691
2017
+199
+5,755 +1,281 +2,866 +3,014
     +72 +54 -457
   22,433
2017
+40,905
-88,804
+245
31,470
2018 (End of FY)
2018 (FY)
 ■ Cash Flow Analysis (million yen) +56,690
     AIR WATER REPORT 2019 60
Other Businesses
Logistics Business
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, other
Agriculture and Food Products Business
Logistics Business
Energy Business Medical Business Chemical Business Industrial Gas Business
Energy Business Medical Business Chemical Business Industrial Gas Business
Cash flows from investing activities
Adjustment Other Businesses
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
Agriculture and Food Products Business
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Financial Information
Consolidated Balance Sheet
      Assets
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade
Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies
Short-term loans receivable
Other current assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Noncurrent assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures (net)
Machinery, equipment and vehicles (net)
Land
Lease assets (net)
Construction in progress
Other property, plant and equipment (net)
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Goodwill
Other intangible assets
Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Long-term loans receivable
Net defined benefit assets
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets for land revaluation
Other investments and other assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total noncurrent assets
Total assets
As of March 31, 2018
23,298
185,216
28,896
8,442
15,902
10,736
12,280
(1,781)
282,991
61,089
78,528
74,735
20,444
33,847
5,632
274,277 17,408
14,185
31,594 79,270
2,805
7,444
5,260
65
10,969
(1,578)
104,236
410,109
693,101
(Million yen)
As of March 31, 2019
32,621
194,938
33,740
9,238
17,167
5,269
14,689
(2,343)
305,323
76,760
86,876
84,173
22,765
52,134
6,879
329,590 24,353
14,980
39,334 77,349
8,133
4,407
5,926
85
15,942
(3,045)
108,798
477,723
783,047
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable - trade
Short-term loans payable
Current portion of long-term loans payable
Current portion of bonds
Lease obligations
Accrued expenses
Income taxes payable
Provision for directors' bonuses
Other provisions
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Noncurrent liabilities
Bonds payable
Long-term debt
Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation
Provision for directors' retirement benefits
Other provisions
Net defined benefit liabilities
Other noncurrent liabilities
Total noncurrent liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders' equity
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders' equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Revaluation reserve for land
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Subscription rights to shares
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
As of March 31, 2018
114,429
32,836
20,530
—
2,676
18,463
8,009
334
1,067
24,856
223,205 20,000
108,030
19,108
10,635
902
927
823
8,664
6,157
175,251
398,456
32,263
37,060
209,570
(4,089)
274,805 10,558
(545)
(8,503)
442
1,196 379
16,311
294,644
693,101
(Million yen)
As of March 31, 2019
127,670
54,906
17,498
250
2,968
16,855
8,000
361
1,167
32,836
262,516 30,250
136,013
21,277
7,151
921
1,214
370
9,153
5,480
211,832
474,348
32,263
36,651
228,015
(3,463)
293,466 6,831
368
(8,503)
201
(1,153) 423
17,063
308,698
783,047
                                             Total accumulated other comprehensive income
3,148 (2,255)
    Total liabilities and net assets
 61 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

Consolidated Statements of Income
   Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating income
Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method
Rent income on facilities
Other non-operating income
Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses
Rent expenses on facilities
Other non-operating expenses
Total non-operating expenses
Ordinary income
Extraordinary income
Gain on sales of noncurrent assets
Gain on sales of investment securities
Gain on bargain purchase
Other extraordinary income
Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Loss on sales and retirement of noncurrent assets
Loss on liquidation of business
Other extraordinary losses
Total extraordinary losses
Income before income taxes and minority interests
Corporate, inhabitant, and enterprise taxes
Deferred income taxes
Total income taxes
Net income
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Net income
Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to:
Shareholders of the parent
Non-controlling interests
Year ended March 31, 2018
753,559
592,616
160,943
118,545
42,398 157
873
676
888
2,691
5,287 1,181
774
1,038
2,994
44,691 294
1,180
1,017
67
2,559 2,136
—
4,612
6,748
40,501
13,250
263
13,513
26,988
1,815
25,173
Year ended March 31, 2018
26,988 1,358
(478)
45
(292)
90
722
27,711 25,683
(Million yen)
Year ended March 31, 2019
801,493
631,232
170,261
126,681
43,580 184
1,019
1,307
944
3,167
6,624 1,438
940
848
3,227
46,977 201
477
—
154
833 2,947
2,816
2,208
7,972
39,838
13,708
(1,940)
11,768
28,070
1,601
26,468
(Million yen)
Year ended March 31, 2019
28,070 (3,593)
1,515
(286)
(2,442)
(192)
(4,999)
23,070 21,048
2,022
                                       2,027
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 62

Financial Information
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Changes in items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Decrease by merger
Purchase of treasury stock
Net changes in items other than shareholders' equity
Balance at end of term
Changes in items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent
Decrease by merger
Purchase of treasury stock
Net changes in items other than shareholders' equity
Balance at end of term
Year ended March 31, 2019 Shareholders' equity
(Million yen)
Total shareholders' equity
(7,852)
26,468
(27)
(4)
293,466
                   Balance at beginning of term
Change in treasury shares of parent arising from transactions with non-controlling shareholders
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Change in scope of consolidation
Change of scope of equity method
Disposal of treasury stock
Total changes in items during the period
Change in treasury shares of parent arising from transactions with non-controlling shareholders
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Change in scope of consolidation
Change of scope of equity method
Disposal of treasury stock
Total changes in items during the period
Capital stock
32,263
32,263
9,352
1,206
1,206
10,558
—
(72)
(472)
(472)
(545)
Year ended March 31, 2018
33,705
3,364
3,354
37,060
(8,503)
0
0
(9)
Accumulated other comprehensive income
(8,503)
Shareholders' equity
 Capital surplus
403
39
39
442
Retained earnings
192,021
(7,260)
25,173
(181)
209,570
1,459
(263)
(263)
1,196
(0)
(83)
(98)
17,549
2,638
510
510
3,148
Treasury stock
(4,645)
(8)
564
556
(4,089)
381
(1)
(1)
379
Total shareholders' equity
24,385
(8,074)
(8,074)
16,311
253,345
3,364
(7,260)
25,173
(181)
274,805
(0)
(83)
(98)
21,460
(8)
554
280,750
3,364
(7,260)
25,173
(181)
(0)
(83)
(98)
(7,566)
13,894
294,644
(8)
554
Capital stock
32,263
                32,263
—
Capital surplus
37,060
(481)
68
(409)
36,651
3
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Retained earnings
209,570
(7,852)
26,468
(138)
18,445
228,015
(0)
(27)
(5)
Treasury stock
(4,089)
(4)
630
625
(3,463)
274,805
(481)
(0)
(69)
(5)
633
18,661
                           Balance at beginning of term
10,558
    (3,727)
(3,727)
6,831
(545)
913
913
368
(8,503)
(8,503)
0
0
442
(241)
(241)
201
1,196
(2,349)
(2,349)
(1,153)
3,148
(5,404)
(5,404)
(2,255)
379
43
43
423
16,311
752
752
17,063
294,644
(481)
(7,852)
26,468
(27)
(4)
(4,607)
  (0)
  (69)
      14,053
(5)
633
  308,698
 63 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Total net assets
Non-controlling interests
Subscription rights to shares
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Revaluation reserve for land
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Valuation difference on available- for-sale securities
Total net assets
Non-controlling interests
Subscription rights to shares
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Revaluation reserve for land
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Valuation difference on available- for-sale securities

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
   Cash flows from operating activities
Income before income taxes and minority interests
Year ended March 31, 2018
40,501
(Million yen)
Year ended March 31, 2019
39,838
27,620
2,676
—
1,910
(631)
(1,204)
1,438
(1,307)
2,745
2,816
(3,559)
(4,000)
7,312
(4,517)
71,139
1,596
(1,409)
(14,636)
56,690 (69,235)
1,318
(2,305)
(7,716)
1,278
(8,403)
(2,067)
(2,016)
(22,314)
22,379
279
(88,804) 19,732
43,962
(22,369)
10,000
(1,989)
2,434
(2,971)
(4)
633
(7,868)
(653)
40,905
(266)
8,524
22,433
81
430
31,470
 Depreciation 27,119
Amortization of goodwill
Gain on bargain purchase
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of (profits) loss of entities accounted for using equity method
Loss (gain) on sales and retirement of noncurrent assets
Loss on liquidation of business
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable
Other cash flows from operating activities
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received
Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant, and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment
Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sale of investment securities
Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Payments for investments in capital
Payments for transfer of business
Payments of loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Other cash flows from investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable
Proceeds from long-term debt
Repayment of long-term debt
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Additional purchase of investments in subsidiaries
Proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions
Repayments of lease obligations
Purchase of treasury stock
Proceeds from sale of treasury stock
Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from merger
Increase in cash and cash equivalents from newly consolidated subsidiary
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
2,544
(1,017)
716
183
(1,031)
1,181
(676)
1,842
—
(25,096)
(3,076)
17,435
(31)
60,594
1,401
(1,179)
(13,051)
47,764 (53,507)
4,378
(5,401)
(4,888)
2,207
(3,410)
(1,418)
ー
(10,492)
10,967
(71)
(61,637) 3,758
32,893
(26,667)
10,000
(6,897)
4,334
(5,354)
(8)
564
(7,272)
(861)
4,489
(104)
(9,487)
30,412
72
1,436
                              22,433
 AIR WATER REPORT 2019 64

Major Group Companies (as of October 1, 2019) Name Address
Business Activities
Air Water’s share of voting rights (%)
100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
65.0 100.0 95.0 100.0 60.0 100.0
100.0
100.0 100.0 97.2 50.1 100.0 40.0
55.0
90.9
90.0 100.0 55.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
100.0 82.6 100.0 100.0
75.6 100.0 100.0
100.0 100.0
16.9 100.0 60.0
 Regional Business Companies
 Hokkaido Air Water Inc.
Sapporo, Hokkaido
Sale of industrial gas and medical gas, LP gas and kerosene, natural gas, and related equipment
Tohoku Air Water Inc.
Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture
Sale of industrial gas and medical gas, LP gas and kerosene, natural gas, and related equipment
Kanto Air Water Inc.
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Sale of industrial gas and medical gas, LP gas and kerosene, natural gas, and related equipment
Koshinetsu Air Water Inc.
Matsumoto, Nagano Prefecture
Sale of industrial gas and medical gas, and related equipment
Chubu Air Water Inc.
Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture
Sale of industrial gas and medical gas, LP gas and kerosene, and related equipment
Kinki Air Water Inc.
Osaka, Osaka Prefecture
Sale of industrial gas and medical gas, LP gas and kerosene, natural gas and related equipment
Chushikoku Air Water Inc.
Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture
Sale of industrial gas and medical gas, and related equipment
Kyushu Air Water Inc.
Fukuoka, Fukuoka Prefecture
Sale of industrial gas and medical gas, and related equipment
            Industrial Gas Business
Chemical Business
Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals Ltd.
Medical Business
Kawasaki, Kanagawa Prefecture
Manufacture and sale of organic acid products, organic acid derivatives, and quinone-based products
   NSCC Air Water Inc.
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Manufacture and sale of industrial gas (including onsite supply)
Air Water Carbonic Inc.
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Manufacture and sale of liquid nitrogen gas and dry ice
Air Water Hydrogen Corp.
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Manufacture, sale, recycling, etc., of industrial hydrogen gas
Nihon Dennetsu Co., Ltd.
Azumino, Nagano Prefecture
Manufacture and sale of electric heating devices and controllers for industrial applications
Shinko Air Water Gas, Ltd.
Osaka, Osaka Prefecture
Sale of industrial gas
Air Water Plant & Engineering Inc.
Sakai, Osaka Prefecture
Design, production, sale and maintenance of various types of gas generation units and gas applications, and LNG-related equipment
            Ikiken Co., Ltd.
Sayama, Saitama Prefecture
Manufacture and maintenance of medical oxygen concentrators
Air Water Medi H, Co., Ltd.
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Contract sterilization of medical equipment and materials, and SPD solutions and services for medical institutions
Air Water Link Inc.*
Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture
Sale and maintenance of cardiovascular devices, dialysis devices, and surgical equipment
Kawamoto Corporation
Osaka, Osaka Prefecture
Manufacture and sale of sanitary materials, medical supplies, etc.
Air Water Safety Service Inc.
Kobe, Hyogo Prefecture
Installation of medical gas pipes, and design, manufacture and sale of ventilators, fire extinguishing units, etc.
Ci Medical Co., Ltd.
Hakusan, Ishikawa Prefecture
Online sale and wholesale of dental and medical supplies
Globalwide International Pte. Ltd. Globalwide M&E Pte. Ltd.
Singapore
Design and installation of hospital equipment
           *Name changed to Air Water Link on May 1, 2019, when Nishimura Kikai absorbed Handa as part of a merger.
Agriculture and Food Products Business
 Saveur SS Inc.
Sapporo, Hokkaido
Manufacture and sale of processed meat products (ham and delicatessen), ingredient-type frozen foods, cooking sauces and confectionery
Tomiichi Co., Ltd.
Asahikawa, Hokkaido
Wholesale and processing of fruit and vegetables for processing, and sale of frozen foods, etc.
Gold Pak Co., Ltd.
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Manufacture and sale of fruit and vegetable juices and other beverages including some soft drinks
Kyusyuya Co., Ltd.
Hachioji, Tokyo
Operation of fruit and vegetable retailing stores in department stores, station buildings and shopping centers, and operation of supermarkets
Sagami Ham Co., Ltd.
Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture
Sale of processed meat products and meat and prepared dishes
Plecia Co., Ltd.
Atsugi, Kanagawa Prefecture
Manufacture and sale of Japanese confectionery and Western confectionery
Daisen Ham Co., Ltd. *
Yonago, Tottori Prefecture
Manufacture of ham, bacon, sausage and other processed foods
           Logistics Business
Seawater Business
Other Businesses
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Kakegawa, Shizuoka Prefecture
Production and sale of salt and salt byproducts; environmental business, electric power business Production and sale of magnesium oxide, fused magnesia, magnesium hydroxide, and ceramic products Pipe renewal business, manufacturing of water treatment machinery, and sale of environmental equipment and materials
   Air Water Logistics Co., Ltd.
Sapporo, Hokkaido
Distribution of high-pressure gas, general freight, food, medical and environmental items, and distributive processing services
Hokkaido Shatai Co., Ltd.
Kitahiroshima, Hokkaido
Design, manufacture, sale, and repair of truck bodies; vehicle inspection and certification
East Japan Air Water Logistics Co., Ltd.
Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture
Distribution of high-pressure gas, general freight, food, medical and environmental items, and distributive processing services
West Japan Air Water Logistics Co., Ltd.
Osaka, Osaka Prefecture
Distribution of high-pressure gas, general freight, food, medical and environmental items, and distributive processing services
       Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd.
Tateho Chemical Industries Co., Ltd.
Aquaintec Corporation
      Air Water Sol Inc.
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
OEM supply of aerosol products, and manufacture and sales of its own branded products
Air Water Materials Inc.
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Sale and export/import of semiconductor manufacturing chemicals, chemical industry chemicals, synthetics resins, and electric and electronic materials
K&O Energy Group Inc.
Mobara, Chiba Prefecture
Business management of subsidiaries which are engaged in the gas business, iodine business, etc.
Air Water Mach Inc.
Matsumoto, Nagano Prefecture
Manufacture and sale of industrial rubber products and resin products
Power Partners Pte. Ltd.
Singapore
Engineering and maintenance of uninterruptible power supplies
        65 AIR WATER REPORT 2019

Corporate Profile / Stock Information
Corporate Information (As of March 31, 2019)
Principal Shareholders
Company
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
(As of March 31, 2019)
Ratio of shares held (%)
5.88
5.09 4.69 4.04 3.16 2.78 2.77 2.10 1.97 1.93
  Company name Head Office
Registered Address of Head Office
Tokyo Office
Established
Paid-in Capital
Number of Employees
URL
AIR WATER INC.
12-8, Minami-Semba 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka, 542-0081, Japan
Tel: (+81) 6-6252-5411 Fax: (+81) 6-6252-3965
2, Kita-Sanjo-Nishi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Sapporo, 060-0003, Japan*
18-19, Toranomon 3-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo, 105-0001, Japan
Number of shares held (thousands)
  11,549 Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation* 10,000
        September 24, 1929 ¥32,263 million
15,757 (consolidated) https://www.awi.co.jp/
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account) 9,203
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 7,936
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 6,196
Air Water Customers’ Stockholding 5,463
GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO. REG 5,433
The Hokkaido Bank, Ltd. 4,113
North Pacific Bank, Ltd. 3,874
Osaka Gas Liquid Co., Ltd. 3,787 *Trade name changed to Nippon Steel Corporation on April 1, 2019
Information on Shares
        *Changed address to that of the head office on June 26, 2019 (2-12-8 Minamisemba, Chuo-ku, Osaka).
  Board of Directors
(As of June 26, 2019)
Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer
Assistant Chairman Chief Operating Officer
Corporate Management Officer
Chief Representative for Hokkaido Operations
President, Seawater Company Global Business Officer
President, Industrial Company
Corporate Strategy Office
President, Logistics Company
President, Life Solution & Energy Company
IT Promotion Officer
President, Air Water Softech Inc.
President, Medical Company
General Manager, Accounting
President, Air Water America Inc.
General Manager, Human Resources
General Manager, Engineering Integration Department & Japanese Operations Planning Department
Independent Director Independent Director
Outside Corporate Auditor (Part-time) Outside Corporate Auditor (Part-time)
 Honorary Chairman
Representative Chairman of the Board
Vice Chairman
President
Representative Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Senior Managing Director
Senior Managing Director
Managing Director Managing Director Managing Director
Managing Director
Managing Director Corporate Director Corporate Director Corporate Director
Corporate Director
Corporate Director
Corporate Director
Standing Statutory Auditor
Standing Statutory Auditor
Standing Statutory Auditor
Auditor Auditor
Masahiro Toyoda Kikuo Toyoda
Yasuo Imai Kiyoshi Shirai
Masato Machida
Yuu Karato Masahiro Kanazawa Hideo Tsutsumi
Yoshio Shiomi
Yasushi Sogabe Hirokazu Kawata Katsumi Kajiwara
Atsushi Iinaga
Kosuke Komura Akihiro Toyonaga Ryosuke Matsubayashi Yasunori Kato
Koji Tanaka
Yukiko Sakamoto Isamu Shimizu
Hirohisa Hiramatsu Kouichi Nakagawa
Hiromi Yanagisawa
Akihiko Takashima Atsushi Hayashi
Fiscal Year
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
Record Dates
Total Number of Issued Shares
Number of Shares per Unit
Manager of the Register of Shareholders
Telephone Number for Inquiries
URL
Method of Public Notice
Listed Financial Instruments Exchange
Securities Code
From April 1 to March 31 Held in June every year
       Annual meeting of shareholders: March 31 Year-end dividend: March 31
Interim dividend: September 30
198,705,057 shares
100 shares
         Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
4-1, Marunouchi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
TEL: 0120-782-031 (toll-free in Japan)
http://www.smtb.jp/personal/agency/index.html
Electronic public notice
[URL of Air Water Inc. on which public notice will be posted] http://www.awi.co.jp/ir/koukoku.html
Tokyo, Sapporo 4088
                       AIR WATER REPORT 2019 66

 