 Air Water Group’s Businesses
I
Gas Business
 Business Facts
◇ Ongoing strong demand for gas from the Japanese manufacturing industry
◇ Electricity and logistics costs are increasing
◇ Maintaining a stable supply of helium and carbon
dioxide is a challenge
◇ Increased need for automation and labor-saving measures at client factories
◇ Increasingly frequent natural disasters are driving need for business continuity plansCore Strategy
● Grow share of the Japanese gas market through aggressive capital investment and stronger ties with regional partners
● Foster second and third core businesses through new product/service development and global expansion
Major Measures
1 Deeper mining of Japanese industrial gas market potential
Review of FY2018
On-site gas supply for steelmaker clients progressed well in fiscal 2018 thanks to efforts to stabilize operations and improve efficiency. Supply by tank trucks and cylinders was solid overall, sustained by a number of factors, including: deployment of high-efficiency, compact liquefied oxygen/nitrogen production plants (VSUs), as illustrated by the start of operations at the Iwate Plant; stronger ties with major local partners; and firm demand from Japanese manufacturers in the automotive, chemical, and construction industries among others. As a result, industrial gas sales showed robust growth overall, but profit margins were impacted by rising electricity and logistics costs, as well as natural disasters.
Equipment and construction sales grew on the back of orders for gas generators and low-temperature equipment, while the consolidation of Japan Pionics, which we acquired in fiscal 2017, and global subsidiaries into group accounts also contributed.● Open eight new VSUs by FY2021 for a total of 24 nationwide
● Keep abreast of changes in demand from steel and 150,000
electronics industry clients
● Stay on top of rising costs and revise prices as necessary 100,000
     2 Expand device and equipment business ● Use mergers and acquisitions to expand operations
relating to devices for electronics industry clients
● Undertake structural enhancements to expand air separation unit business
● Configure Japanese business sites to establish cost-competitive engineering framework
● Develop a system integration business able to meet clients’ demand for automation and labor-saving
3 Expand global operations
● Expand industrial gas business in India and Southeast Asia
● Expand procurement and sales of gas applications, special materials and special chemicals
Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
50,000 0
2017
2018
■■Revenue 250,000
174,147 16,721
195,000 18,800
■■Operating profit 235,000 30,000
21,000
20,000
In Japan, we forecast solid demand for gas despite stagnant production in some regions and industries. However, increasing- ly frequent natural disasters mean business continuity planning is more important than ever before. Mindful of this, we will work to expand our VSUs and other manufacturing sites, as well as cylinder filling stations, thereby ensuring a stable supply network and growing our share of the industrial gas market. Indeed, we have already begun, with VSUs opening in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima, in April 2019, and in Sakaide City, Kagawa, the following month.
Outside of Japan, the foothold we gained in the Indian market (a market for which high growth is predicted) with the consolidation of Elenbarrie Industrial Gases into the group in fiscal 2018 was reinforced by the acquisition of operations in the eastern and southern parts of the country jettisoned as part of a merger of major gas companies. Moving forward, we will strive to capture the demand for industrial gas in India.
Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen) ■Net sales
200,000
■Ordinary income 25,000
20,000 15,000 10,000 5,000
FY0
Outlook for FY2019
     150,000
50,000 0
2018 2019 Actual Forecast
2021 Plan
10,000
FY 0
  21 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
159,250 16,170
176,375 17,132
 
Business Overview and Features
The Industrial Gas Business delivers a stable supply of industrial gases, such as oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and carbon dioxide, by the optimum supply method, ranging from supply using cylinders or tank trucks to on-site supply. The Industrial Gas Business also offers gas applications, as well as engineering and industrial equipment, by making effective use of technologies developed in-house.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Stable supply of industrial gases
◆ Reduction of environmental load by improving plant
efficiency
◆ Reduction of CO2 emissions associated with transportation
Types of Gas
Oxygen
Argon
Hydrogen
Rare gas
Xenon Krypton Neon
Nitrogen
Carbon dioxide
Helium
Cutting gas
DIETHYLENE DIE CUT® DIE LASER Acetylene
Welding gas
ELNACKS® DIE ARGON AW SHIELD HOKUSEAL
Others
Specialty chemicals Ethylene oxide
Semiconductor specialty gas Stable isotopic gases, etc.
             Industrial Gas
On-site Supply
Air Water installs gas generation equip- ment on the premises of steelworks, chemical plants, and other facilities that require a large volume of high-purity oxygen or nitrogen and provides gas supply through pipelines.
Cylinder Supply
Air Water supplies cylinders, gas cylinder bundles, LGC (ultra low-temperature liquefied gas containers), etc., to various local industries by the method most appropriate to usage and purpose.
Equipment and Construction
Industrial Equipment
Air Water supplies industrial equipment related to welding and cutting, such as ELNACKS®, an argon-based gas for weld- ing, and offers welding solution services.
Mini On-site Supply
Air Water ensure stability of supply to industries with medium-scale demand such as the electronics industry by install- ing small- to medium-scale gas genera- tion equipment such as the V1, which manufactures high-purity nitrogen gas.
Supply by Tank Trucks
Air Water delivers various types of liquefied gas produced at manufacturing plants to customers’ plants. Thanks to its supply network covering the whole of Japan, Air Water has established a secure and safe supply structure.
      VSUs
Balancing Clients’ Requirements
with Stability of Supply
High-efficiency, compact liquefied oxygen/nitrogen production plants—known as VSUs—are a handy way to produce just the right amount of gas close to the point of demand; they represent a business model with benefits including much shorter transportation distances as we team up with local partners to satisfy local demand. Our 18 VSUs nationwide help make our supply network safer, more stable, and more resilient in disaster and emergency situations, and the shorter distances mean less carbon dioxide emitted during transportation.
The Iwate Plant, our 16th VSU
  Our VSU network (as of Sep. 30, 2019)
Under construction
     Gas Applications
Air Water develops and proposes gas equipment and systems that effectively use the properties of industrial gases to contribute to its customers’ improvement of production efficiency or sophistication of technology.
Engineering
Air Water offers integrated solutions based on the process engineering of cryogenic air separation systems, from design and fabrication to safety manage- ment.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 22