 Air Water Group’s Businesses
Chemical Business
  Business Facts
◇ Advancing technologies (e.g., medical and agricultural chemicals, electronic components) mean the functional chemical domain is becoming broader and more sophisticated
◇ Environmental regulations in China are a risk
Core Strategy
Merge and acquire to expand our functional chemical businesses; utilize the stronger earning power gained from enhancing Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals’ quinone- based product line-up to restructure the business and improve operating income.
Major Measures
1 Mergers and acquisitions
● Target the top fine chemical companies in niche
markets
● Make capital investments for a stable, 60,000 high-efficiency production framework
2
Strive for ever better performance
of quinone-based products
(i.e., by Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals) 80,000
Review of FY2018
While stricter environmental regulations caused some production flutters in our Chinese production plants, weeding out of unprofitable products, expanded sales and price revisions of products mainly for the electronic materials market, led to a major improvement in fine chemical revenues.
At Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals, China’s environmental regulations caused some production fluctuations at clients’ factories, resulting in a drop in sales of naphthoquinone, but a rise in the ingredient costs related to organic acid products led to a price rise, which nudged net sales upwards. Meanwhile, fixed cost cuts and procurement streamlining helped lower manufacturing costs, which ensured profits were solid this year.
The coal chemical business also progressed well, buoyed by an increase in the unit price of coke oven gas refinement and increased sales (by quantity) of crude benzene, a basic chemical.Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen) ■Net sales
    ● Integrate the group’s R&D functions to improve product and market development capabilities
40,000 20,000
67,984
2017
■Ordinary income 75,651
3,706
2018
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
FY0
3
Restructure the independent
■■Revenue 40,000
30,000 20,000 10,000
0
■■Operating profit
The outlook for the chemical industry remains tough, particularly with the ongoing impact of stronger Chinese environmental regulations. Amid these circumstances, we completed the transfer of our coal chemical business to the Nippon Steel Group on April 1, 2019.
Moving forward, we are eager to expand the horizons of our Chemical Business, for instance through functional chemicals. Here, we will combine fine chemicals, which are focused chiefly on electronic materials, with carbon material products, including the thermally expandable graphite that we retained when offloading the coal chemical business. Similarly, we will work with Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals and its line-up of general-purpose chemicals like phthalic anhydride and quinone-based products like naphthoquinone to extend our existing range of products, while expanding further into the functional chemical domain through mergers and acquisitions.
business foundation 0
● Strive for intra-group synergies so as to expand into high-value-added segments where we are cost-competitive
● Harness the group’s broad range of business fields to mine strengths, including client base, technologies, workforce, and other resources
Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
Outlook for FY2019
1,854
     23 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
22,917 546
2018 Actual
28,000
300
2019 Forecast
36,000 1,200
2021 Plan
FY
2,000 1,500 1,000 500
0
 
Business Overview and Features
From electronic materials to medical and agricultural intermediates, through quinone-based chemicals (that only Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals has succeeded in producing at commercial scale), and other organic acid products like phthalic anhydride, as well as high-value-added chemical products like Maximol, which is used for rigid polyurethane foam, we develop, produce, and offer a stable supply of a truly diverse range of products.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Development and production of pharmaceutical and agricultural intermediates
◆ Reduction of greenhouse gases through
provision of products (Kawasaki Kasei
Chemicals, MAXIMOL, SAQ® pulp digesting agent)
Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals
  Functional chemicals
Electronics materials
Pharmaceutical intermediates
Agricultural intermediates
Circuit products
Organic acid products
Phthalic anhydride Fumaric acid Succinic acid MAXIMOL
Quinone-based products
Naphthoquinone
Naphthoquinone derivatives
    Functional Chemicals
Electronic Materials
We leverage liquid air oxidation, nitration, and other synthesizing technologies to manufacture and sell a variety of products to satisfy customers’ needs, such as the semiconductor sealant SK Resin.
Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals
Organic Acid Products
Here we manufacture and sell the phthalic anhydride used in vinyl chloride plasticiz- ers and the succinic acid and fumaric acid used in food additives.
Pharmaceutical and Agricultural Intermediates
The group’s strong arsenal of heterocyclic compounds, which play an important physiological role, are used in the synthe- sis of various derivatives to meet the diverse development needs of customers.
Organic Acid Products Derivatives
We manufacture and sell organic acid products derivatives, including MAXIMOL, which is used in the urethane base for products like heat insulation.
Circuit Products
Printec designs high-density circuits and manufactures and sells high-density mounting boards such as servo motor control boards.
         1 Air Water Acquires Filwel
Precision Polishing Pads Add New Strengths to Electronic
Materials Operations
Filwel Co., Ltd., (headquarters: Hofu City, Yamaguchi; sales for year ended December 2018: 3.1 billion yen) manufactures and sells artificial leather and precision polishing pads. The company began as a project of Kanebo’s R&D department. Its precision polishing pads, which are used in the manufacture of electronic devices, where ultra-high-precision surface finishing is required, account for approximately 70 percent of sales. For our part, adding precision polishing pads to our arsenal of products is a smart expansion of our electronic materials solutions, and as Filwel’s head office and plant are located next to our own facility in Hofu City, we believe we can achieve considerable groupwide synergies through shared use of utilities. (Air Water completed acquisition of all Filwel shares on September 27, 2019.)
2 Air Water Acquires Daito Chemical Japan’s Top Maker of Sodium Acetate Brings Unique Particle
Control Technologies to the Mix
Daito Chemical Co., Ltd. (headquarters: Hiratsuka City, Kanagawa; sales for year ended March 2019: 7.7 billion yen) is Japan’s foremost producer of sodium acetate used in food additives aimed at extending product shelf life and use in (among other applications) dialysis. The company has its own unique particle control technologies, and in addition to manufacturing and selling a range of industrial chemicals like sodium sulfite, also undertakes contract synthesis of organic chemical solutions such as low-molecular synthesis and polymer synthesis. Our intention is to harness Daito Chemical’s organic synthesis capabilities and seek synergies in areas such as our production of medical and agricultural intermediates and electronic materials, so as to add further momentum to our functional chemicals business. (Air Water completed acquisition of all Daito Chemical shares on October 30, 2019.)
Quinone-Based Products
As the only company in the world to successfully produce quinone-based prod- ucts such as naphthoquinone at commer- cial scale, we manufacture quinones with properties ideal for use in agricultural, medicine, and many other fields.
 AIR WATER REPORT 2019 24