 Air Water Group’s Businesses
Energy Business
 Business Facts
◇ Energy consumption down due to declining population and global warming
◇ Shortage of people to take over LPG retail businesses
◇ Market competition following deregulation of electricity and city gas supply markets
◇ Switch to clean energy amid efforts to minimize carbon emissions
◇ Mergers of major wholesalersCore Strategy
● Increase market share in Hokkaido, principally through stronger direct sales of LPG
● Expand industrial energy operations and reinforce lifestyle-oriented operations
Review of FY2018
Measures aimed at increasing customer numbers, coupled with a concerted push to drive direct sales by acquiring distributors’ commercial rights, sparked solid increases in civil-use LPG customer numbers and volume sold, and ensured solid performance in this segment. Conversely, equipment sales trended low—perhaps because exhibitions and spot sales events were cancelled in the wake of the Hokkaido Eastern Iburi Earthquake in 2018—while rising distribution and security costs also had an impact. Industrial LPG operations tracked robustly. Factors included a large increase in sales volumes, buoyed by close coordination with local operators nationwide aimed at encouraging customers to switch their fuel from heavy oil to LPG.
Warmer winters are dampening demand for kerosene, resulting in a significant drop in sales volumes, but innovative purchasing strategies and more efficient distribution kept the impact to a minimum.
Meanwhile, the ultra-low-temperature expertise built up through our Industrial Gas Business is paying dividends elsewhere, such as in the form of solid sales of LNG tank trucks.1
Major Measures
Strengthen direct sales of LPG for civil use
(increase direct sales from 250,000 customers in FY2018 to 300,000 by FY2021)
● Strengthen direct sales through mergers and
acquisitions Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen)
● Increase customer numbers and lock-in ■Net sales
■Ordinary income 6,000
4,000
2,000
FY0
potential/existing customers through enhanced lifestyle-oriented operations and services
● Launch new model of the VIVIDO hybrid water supply and heating system
60,000
40,000
2 Expand industrial energy operations 20,000 (LPG, LNG)
● Strengthen our in-house distribution platform and 0 expand sales of industrial LPG
● Promote switch from fuel oil to LPG and LNG ● Expand operations relating to LNG equipment
3 Strengthen LPG purchasing power ● Strengthen LPG purchasing power by expanding
industrial LPG operations and global operations Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
2017
2018
■■Revenue 80,000
52,732 3,877
2018 Actual
■■Operating profit
The civil-use LPG market environment is increasingly fraught, buffeted by decreasing consumption caused by Japan’s declining population and climate warming and extreme competition with electricity and city gas supply. We are endeavoring to weather the storm by increasing direct sales as a percentage of sales overall (for instance by acquiring distributors’ commercial rights) and teaming up with the group’s lifestyle-oriented operations, such as those relating to energy retail and home renovations, to bolster our range of customer services. In this way, we aim to increase our share of the Hokkaido market.
Strengthening our in-house distribution platform in Honshu has propelled efforts to encourage customers to switch their fuel to industrial LPG, and given that the LNG market is predicted to expand, we will focus on capturing sales and developing new equipment in this area, too.
Outlook for FY2019
  60,000 40,000 20,000
0
57,000 4,000
2019 Forecast
74,000 4,400
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
  27 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
2021 Plan
FY0
51,459 52,741 3,996
4,009
  
  Business Overview and Features
Air Water has been supplying LP gas and kerosene as energy for daily life to general households, commercial facilities, hospitals, and other public facilities, and also as energy for industrial uses to plants. Air Water is also engaged in the supply of LNG as well as the manufacture and sale of LNG-related equipment, playing an essential role in community life.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Stable supply of energy for daily life and industry
◆ Reduction of environmental load by promoting fuel conversion
Operating and M&A Strategy
Expansion of area of operation Further development of services
LP gas LNG
Kerosene
Electricity
Technology/ Development
Development of applications Engineering
         LP Gas/Kerosene
LP Gas
In Hokkaido and others, Air Water delivers LP gas under the Hello Gas brand as environmentally friendly, clean energy essential for regional communities and industry.
Kerosene
In Japan, kerosene is just as important an energy source as LPG, as it is used daily for water and heating. We work hard to maintain our framework for safe, stable, direct delivery of kerosene to households.
LNG
LNG-related Equipment
Utilizing ultra-low-temperature technology and unique know-how it has built up over many years, Air Water manufactures and sells LNG tanker trucks and transportation containers, for which it holds one of the top shares in Japan.
Energy Equipment
Besides energy supply-related services, Air Water works to provide total support services from diverse perspectives by staying close to customers and remaining deeply rooted in community life.
Mobile Power Source Cars
Mobile power supply vehicles generate electricity using easily procured LP gas as fuel, thereby playing an important role as emergency power providers during a disaster or power failure.
Electricity
Electricity Retailing
Hokkaido Air Water, a regional business company of Air Water, collaborates with Hokkaido Electric Power Co., Inc. to sell electricity generated by Hokkaido Electric Power under the label “Air Water Electrici- ty Powered by Hokuden.”
   LP Gas Supply Processes
   Gas filling station
Gas cylinder delivery truck
Bulk tanker truck
Bulk tanker Bulk filling truck
Customers
Customers Taxi
Gas cylinders
 Secondary terminal
Secondary terminal
Tanker truck
Gas stand
Gas stand
              LNG Satellite Supply
Air Water designs and installs unloading facilities for LNG transported to areas of demand by tanker trucks, etc., according to customers’ usage requirements.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 28