 Air Water Group’s Businesses
Agriculture
and Food
Products Business
 Business Facts
◇ Declining Japanese population leading to lower consumption and labor shortages
◇ Changing make-up of households (older occupants, more people living alone)
◇ Changes in food perceptions (health-conscious diets, demand for convenience)
◇ Abnormal weather making procurement of vegetables difficult
◇ Increased buying power of retailersCore Strategy
Target the growth potential of the pre-made meal market, and use the group’s ingredient procurement capacity, food processing plants, and sales networks to make vegetables a core weapon in our arsenal.
Major Measures
1 Strengthen our ability to procure a stable source of ingredient vegetables
● Triple the area of farmland under contract (to 30,000 hectares), and pursue development of vegetable farms in Japan and overseas
● Spread farming over different areas to reduce natural disaster risks; promote improvement of farming and preservation technologies
2 Add momentum to pre-made meal business through vegetables and processed livestock products
● Main target: pre-made meal products sold at supermarkets and convenience stores
● Build processing facilities near major consumption centers and provide those markets with high-quality vegetables processed to their desired degree
3 Strengthen our beverage business foundation
● Expand our beverage market share through capital investment
Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen) ■■Revenue ■■Operating profit
200,000 10,000
Review of FY2018
In the agriculture business, although we managed to expand sales by establishing new vegetable retail outlets, operations were impacted by the one-off costs of setting up those stores and wild fluctuations in vegetable market prices. On the other hand, sales of agriculture machinery grew, and the overall performance of the agriculture business was solid.
The food solutions business suffered from stagnant sales of confectionery and ongoing depression in the ham and sausage sector. Conversely, growth in frozen vegetable sales and production efficiencies in our food processing operations, combined with the consolidation into the Air Water Group of a producer of frozen cooked meals, ensured that profits remained robust.
In the beverage business, increases in labor costs and depreciation resulting from capital investments were balanced by growth in orders for production of vegetable drinks and teas. These, combined with structural reforms in our home delivery water operations ensured strong performance overall.Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen) ■Net sales
■Ordinary income 8,000
150,000
10,000
5,000
0
133,702 4,850
2017
136,568
     Outlook for FY2019
4,905
6,000 4,000 2,000
2018 FY0
 150,000 100,000
8,000 6,000 4,000
Labor shortages in the food service industry have driven demand for frozen vegetables and frozen cooked foods as a means of eliminating some cooking processes and ensuring diners’ orders can be filled quickly. On the other hand, we are faced with the challenge of navigating the effects of climate change to source stable supplies of ingredient vegetables in Japan and overseas.
To that end, we are putting systemic improvements in place, such as bolstering our procurement strengths (particularly in Kyushu and the Kanto region), making sure we contract with farms in multiple regions, and utilizing our overseas produce purchasing hubs to ensure a stable supply of high-quality vegetables. In 2019, we made Ecofroz, an Ecuadorian producer of broccoli and other foods, a subsidiary of the Air Water Group.
Meanwhile, we will continue with capital investments aimed at keeping abreast of changing client needs in the beverage business in order to win more orders.
136,443 140,000
4,214
6,000 4,000
50,000 2,000
00 2018 2019 2021 FY Actual Forecast Plan
29 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
170,000
 
Business Overview and Features
The Agriculture and Food Products Business started with sales of frozen foods utilizing liquid nitrogen. Through the integration into the Air Water Group of functions ranging from vegetable production to the distribution of processed foods and beverage products across Japan, the Agriculture and Food Products Business is creating a new value chain that maximizes group synergies.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Improving stability and productivity of agriculture
◆ Stable supply of safe and secure food products
◆ Reduction of waste and loss
We handle the cultivation and procurement of livestock products, frozen foods, and sweets.
Beverage
We are expanding with high quality OEM products and water delivery services.
 Independent
We provide retail services and food safety guidance, as well as manufacture and sell agricultural machinery.
Agricultural and Processed Foods
     Agricultural and Processed Foods
    Ham and Deli Meats
With the top share of Japan’s cured/un- cured hams market, we offer discerning customers throughout Japan top-quality ham and deli foods in three brands: Syunsetsu, Sagami Ham, and Daisen Ham.
Agricultural and Processed Foods
Cultivation
Air Water is involved in the production of tomatoes and other vegetables at the Chitose Farm in Hokkaido, which has one of Japan’s largest greenhouses, and the Azumino Farm in Shinshu.
Beverages
Water Delivery
Air Water delivers snowmelt water from the Northern Alps to the homes of its customers by employing the non-heating method to maintain the original natural taste of the water.
Agricultural and Processed Foods
Air Water manufactures high-quality frozen vegetables such as broccoli, sweetcorn, and pumpkin as well as flavorsome cooking sauces, and satisfies the needs of profes- sional chefs and the food service industry by proposing new applications and menus.
Procurement and Processing
With over 700 contracted farmers in Japan alone, we have considerable purchasing power, and provide customers nationwide mealtime favorites like frozen pumpkin from Hokkaido as well as grated daikon radish in volumes suitable for industry use.
Independent Food and Farming
Agricultural Machinery
Air Water manufactures and sells agricul- tural machinery that supports Hokkaido’s industry, such as beet harvesters and cultivators.
Sweets
Taking advantage of its strength in product de- velopment, Air Water offers a wide range of confectionery, mainly chilled desserts, for both general consumers and businesses. In Sep- tember 2018, a state-of-the-art plant was com- pleted in Atsugi City, Kanagawa Prefecture.
Beverages
Vegetable and Fruit Beverages
Air Water sells vegetable juices, of which it has the largest OEM production share in Japan, as well as other high-quality bever- ages, both on an OEM basis and under its own brands.
          Distribution and Sales
We offer safe and delicious vegetables and fruit to customers via the nationwide network of Kyushuya fruit and vegetable specialty stores and Takaya Shoten, a wholesaler at the Otsu Market.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 30