 Air Water Group’s Businesses
Logistics Business
  Business Facts
◇ Demand for improved working practices, shortage of drivers ◇ Long-term declining trend in Japanese freight
transport
◇ Average 2% p.a. growth in low-temperature food distribution market
◇ Diversifying cargo owner needs and advanced quality control requirementsCore Strategy
● Occupy the position of no. 1 provider of quality services in the low-temperature freight transport domain, and create new businesses in that space
● Build a nationwide network for low-temperature freight transport
Major Measures
1 Leverage our quality, technology, and infrastructure strengths to create new businesses in the low-temperature logistics space
● Establish a dominant position in Hokkaido markets through deeper mining of local potential (e.g., Sapporo, Chitose)
● Establish a low-temperature network (i.e., Atsugi, Oarai) covering the Kanto region
● Try to gain a foothold in the West Japan (e.g., Kinki, Kyushu) low-temperature logistics space
2 Further strengthening and expansion of core businesses
● Use ferries to wring further potential from our container network
● Seek further efficiencies and labor savings in transportation operations, and revise prices
● Acquire vehicles, business places, workers, and commercial rights through mergers and acquisitions
3 Integrate the group’s logistics ● Promote cooperation among agriculture and food
products, industrial gas, energy, and medical businesses Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
Review of FY2018
The transport business performed solidly, buoyed by an increase in freight volumes arising from the acquisition of new clients and better balancing of arrivals and departures of containers to and from Hokkaido and Honshu.
Our third-party logistics business, which mainly involves food transport, also performed well, boosted by the start of chilled deliveries for major convenience store chains. Although rising labor costs and diesel prices meant the business climate remained severe, diligent negotiation with clients ensured we received appropriate prices, which kept the impact of rising costs to a minimum.
Expanded sales for specialized vehicles, combined with improved earning capacity thanks to the previous year’s capital investments, ensured solid performance in the vehicle body business (i.e., design and mounting of truck bodies and chasses).
Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen)  ■■Revenue 80,000
60,000 40,000 20,000
0 2018 Actual
■■Operating profit 5,000
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
2021 FY0 Plan
Outlook for FY2019
In light of projected ongoing growth in the low-temperature logistics segment, an area of strength for the Air Water Group, we are focused on building a logistics network around the Low-Temperature Logistics Center. Fiscal 2019 saw work on the construction of centers in Ibaraki Prefecture and Chitose City, Hokkaido, and using these as key midway points in Hokkaido and Kanto deliveries will allow us to better eliminate wasted truck capacity and thus improve efficiency.
Meanwhile, the chronic shortage of drivers and the resulting increase in delivery costs and in-warehouse labor costs will continue to be a challenge, but we aim to counter those trends with better work efficiency and correct pricing.
31 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
2019 Forecast
■Net sales
50,000 44,933 40,000
■Ordinary income 47,947 4,000
3,000 2,000 1,000
2018 FY0
 30,000 20,000 10,000
1,888
0 2017
2,649
  66,000
47,947 52,000 3,000 2,217 2,200
 
 Business Overview and Features
The Logistics Business started with the transportation of high-pres- sure gases, such as industrial and medical gases. Today, the business has expanded into a variety of fields, including food logistics (mainly 3PL), medical logistics for the transportation of blood, general cargo transport, container transport, and even design and mounting of truck bodies, etc.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Stable supply of industrial and medical gases ◆ Providing high value-added logistics services ◆ Efforts to improve logistics efficiency
General cargo transport
Special transport
Vehicle body mounting
High-pressure gas transport
A variety of logistics services
Medical and environment
Container transport
Food logistics
Distribution and processing
    Logistics
High-pressure Gas Transport
Air Water delivers high-pressure gases such as oxygen, nitrogen, and argon by the optimum transportmeans,rangingfromliquefiedgas tank trucks to trailers, in a safe and speedy manner. The transport know-how and constant low-temperature technology, which have been developed for high-pressure gas transport, have provided the basis for various logistics services that Air Water offers today.
Medical and Environment
Taking advantage of its advanced constant low-temperature technology developed through transportation of high-pressure gases, Air Water conducts all types of transportation related to blood collected at blood centers around the country, including transportation of raw blood plasma, blood samples, raw blood, and blood for transfusion.
Transport
Utilizing the transportation network centered on Hokkaido that connects the sites around Japan, AirWatertransportsalltypesofcargo,from construction materials and general cargo such as livestock feed and fertilizers to food and beverag- es, in different temperature zones, from room temperature to chilled to frozen. The transport business is also available for container transport using ferries between Hokkaido and Honshu.
Vehicle Bodies Mounting
Air Water meets customers’ vehicle body needs through integrated production systems spanning the design and produc- tion of various truck bodies, truck trailers, and tanker trucks to specialty vehicles, and ranging from the processing of materials to the production of finished products.
3PL
Mainly in the food logistics field, Air Water aims to provide efficient and high added-value logistics services by comprehensively taking care of the entire logistics operations of shippers, business restructuring, and management.
        The Group’s Nationwide Distribution Network
(As of March 31, 2019)
Mainly in the Hokkaido, Tohoku, and Kita Kanto regions, Air Water maintains a cold chain for convenience stores and supermarkets. It is also involved in the production of specialty vehicles. The group also leverages its temperature control technology to provide logistics services for the transportation of raw blood plasma.
Five group companies
Employees: 3,375 Operating sites: 92 Vehicles: 1,871 Warehouses: 48
Main vehicle bases
Main vehicle bases with warehouse functions
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 32