 Air Water Group’s Businesses
Seawater Business
  Business Facts
◇ Demand for salt is down due to declining population and low-sodium diets
◇ Expanding environmental market due to more stringent regulations
◇ Expanding demand for infrastructure improvements (e.g., sewer systems)
◇ Expanding demand for electricity infrastructure (e.g., magnetic steel sheets for transformers)Core Strategy
Use product and technology development and mergers and acquisitions to expand existing operations (e.g., environmental business) and nurture new enterprises, thereby diversifying seawater-based business.
Major Measures
Review of FY2018
Our Seawater Business was buffeted by strong headwinds in fiscal 2018, including the collapse of a large-scale water treatment facility project received in fiscal 2017 and construction delays caused by torrential rains in West Japan. Nonetheless, the Nihonkaisui Group’s successful raising of industrial salt prices ensured that revenues in this segment remained robust.
The Tateho Chemical Industries Group saw increased sales of general magnesia products such as those for fire-resistant bricks, but a sharp increase in the price of fused magnesia (used in heaters) in the first half of the year, coupled with a temporary drop in demand for magnesia for magnetic steel sheets, resulted in a disappointing year.
50,000 1 Expand environmental business 40,000
 ● Expand sales of water and soil treatment agents in Japan and overseas
30,000
● Expand business domains through mergers and 20,000 acquisitions 10,000
2 Expand power generation business ● Commence operations at Ako No. 2 Power Station
3 Revamp magnesia business
● Improve operating rate of Hibikinada Plant and create new businesses; expand sales of magnesia for magnetic steel sheets
0
2017
2018
4
Establish Seawater Research and
Development Institute
In April 2019, the Air Water Group established a new seawater company, which brought the Nihonkaisui Group, Japan’s foremost salt producer, and the Tateho Chemical Industries Group, a manufacturer of industrial magnesia, into the fold. Under the leadership of the seawater compa- ny, we will endeavor to spark maximum synergies from the combination of Nihonkaisui’s and Tateho’s R&D, produc- tion technologies, and markets. Through aggressive mergers and acquisitions and cooperation with other companies, we will also strive to expand existing opera- tions, such as in the environmental segment, and nurture new enterprises. Through these activities, we are determined to expand our seawater-related business.
Moreover, we look forward to enhancing our seawater technology R&D in the run-up to the opening of the Seawater Research and Development Institute in the spring of 2022.
● Develop new products based on separation and refining of seawater elements
Revenue & Operating Profit (IFRS) (unit: million yen)
■■Revenue 60,000
40,000
20,000
0 2018 Actual
2019 Forecast
■■Operating profit 5,000
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
2021 FY0 Plan
33 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Net Sales & Ordinary Income (unit: million yen) ■Net sales
■Ordinary income 6,000
4,000
2,000
FY039,050
3,838
40,217
3,685
Outlook for FY2019
 50,000
40,217 41,000 3,300
2,600
2,359
 
 Business Overview and Features
Our Seawater Business is based on a long tradition of salt production, and we are proud to hold the top share of the Japanese industrial and household salt markets. Our operations in this segment are aimed at upholding the stable supply of this basic necessity, and providing seawater-derived foods and environmental products. Beyond these, we pursue a variety of activities aimed at extracting maximum potential from seawater. For instance, our crystal control technologies enable us to develop high-value-added magnesia products.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Offering water treatment services ◆ Offering environmental products
Salt
Environment and urban infrastructure
Electricity
Seawater industry
Agriculture and food products
Magnesia
New businesses
     Salt
Salt
Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd., the leading produc- er of salt in Japan, provides a stable supply of high-quality salt products to regions throughout Japan from its Ako and Sanuki plants.
Electricity
Woody Biomass Power Generation
In 2015, the Ako Plant of Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd. introduced an integrated cogeneration power system that uses woody biomass and natural gas. The generated electricity is used for its own purposes and also sold.
Magnesia
Magnesia for Oriented Electromagnetic Steel Sheets Oriented electromagnetic steel sheets, used as the iron core of a transformer, etc., are indispensable for electric devices. And magnesia is a raw material
indispensable for the manufacturing of electromagnetic steel sheets.
Environment
Water and Soil Treatment Agent
Air Water is utilizing seawater resources and technologies to expand a wide range of its business areas, particularly environmental products such as absorbent for water and soil treatment and magnesium hydroxide.
Agriculture
Agricultural Fertilizers
Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd. utilizes seawater resourc- es to supply potassium chloride, one of the three major fertilizers, for fertilizer manufactur- ers. The company is exploring applications of seawater resources other than fertilizers with the aim of further expanding its business.
Magnesia for Heaters and Insulation Materials
Mainly used as insulating filler for sheathed heaters, which are used as heating elements in a broad range of equipment, from home appliances such as electric rice
cookers, irons, and hot plates to various types of industrial heating equipment.
Urban infrastructure
■Diagram of a heating system using warm water Boiler truck
All Liner Method
Forming a resin liner pipe inside a sewer pipe to cure problems inside the pipe without digging up the ground
    Water stop plug
Mounted pipe
Warm water circulation hose
Regeneration of Sewer Pipes
Aquaintec Corporation employs the “All Liner” method, an innovative technology to regenerate aged underground pipes without digging up the ground, thereby contributing to safe and comfortable communities.
Food Products
Seawater-derived Food Products
Air Water has commercialized bittern generated in salt production processes as a food additive. The company also offers products from seaweed grown in the Ariake Sea, Kyushu, as well as Italian food ingredi- ents and seawater-derived mineral water.
Magnesia for Fire-Resistant Materials
Magnesia is a key ingredient in the mag-carbon bricks used for particularly demanding applications, like lining steel- works’ converter furnaces.
           AIR WATER REPORT 2019 34