Air Water Group’s Businesses
Aerosol Business
Business Overview and Features
The Aerosol Business provides various aerosol products and liquid-filled products that have today become indispensable in our daily life and business activities. By making use of its advanced gas technologies, it offers products ranging from quasi-pharmaceutical products, cosmetics, and household commodities to industrial items.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Reduction of environmental load by using alternative CFC
  Business Overview
Air Water conducts a broad range of businesses on an OEM/ODM basis, flexibly responding to diverse needs of customers by manufacturing aerosol products and other liquid-filled products in both large and small lots, from items for the human body and household commodities to paint, automotive parts, and industrial items.
   Production Sites
Four sites in Japan manufacture aerosol products and liquid-filled products. The Gifu Plant excels in the manufacture of paint while the Gunma Plant has strengths in cosmetics and items for the human body. The Ibaraki Plant is capable of manufacturing all types of products, including pharma- ceutical and quasi-pharmaceutical products, industrial items, and other miscellaneous goods. Meanwhile, the Sanyo Plant produces liquid-filled products for gardening applications. In this way, each plant is unique, and the combined network enables us to provide the right products to fulfill customers’ needs.
Research and Development
Major Products
Items for Human Body
Hair spray, hair dye, hair care spray, hair mousse, hair growth tonic, natural water/lo- tion spray, shaving foam, UV cut spray, asthma drug, anti-inflammatory analgesic, etc.
Household Commodities
Pesticide, glass cleaner, room deodorant, shoe deodorant, waterproof agent, antistatic agent for clothes, disinfectant spray, portable fire extinguisher, cooking spray, pet items, gas cylinders for portable cookers, dust blower, etc.
Paint
Repair paint for automobiles, household paint, construction paint, etc.
Feature
  Business sites
Gunma Plant Gifu Plant
Sanyo Plant
Osaka Sales Dept.
With the aim of satisfying customers, Air Water’s research and development is focused on launching onto the market safe and environment-friendly aerosol products developed from unique ideas. Based on the pursuit of quickly responding to customer demand by utilizing data in the broad fields in which Air Water has experience in formulation development, we conduct marketing for upcoming demands and needs, and offer new solutions.
   Quality Assurance Dept.
Research and Development Dept.
Ibaraki No. 1 Plant Ibaraki No. 2 Plant Tokyo Head Office Tokyo Sales Dept.
          Onward and Upward:
Custom Manufacturing of Cosmetics
The expansion of cosmetic markets in Japan and
overseas have transformed this into a growth sector
(especially production of liquid cosmetic-filled
products under consignment), and we are working to
turn our foothold into a full-blown operation.
Construction of a second plant on the site of our
existing Ibaraki Plant was completed in November
2018, and a new research facility is scheduled for
completion, also at Ibaraki, in 2020, armed with
around four times the equipment currently in place.
We intend to make this another core pillar of our
business alongside aerosols; strengthening our R&D
capabilities relating to the OEM production of cosmetics will enable us to develop better quality products with higher added value, while cooperation between our production and research functions will bring new efficiency and urgency to our product development framework.
Automotive and Industrial Items
Defogger, glass polisher for cars, tire/leather protectant, carburetor cleaner, brake cleaner, car air conditioner deodorant, anticorrosive lubricator, metal flaw detector, mold release agent, adhesive, etc.
  35 AIR WATER REPORT 2019
Ibaraki No. 2 Plant
 