Other Businesses
Business Overview and Features
With unique technologies and products such as O-rings, ECOROCA® building material made from recycled wood, and NV metal surface treatments, our operations in this segment underpin the growth of the Air Water Group. It is also an area of exciting frontiers as we pursue new ventures such as power generation using woody biomass.
Relevant SDGs
◆ Providing construction materials using waste materials and waste wood (ECOROCA®)
◆ Woody biomass power generation by effectively using thinned wood and PKS (palm kernel shell)
          Electronics Materials
Leveraging its global network, Air Water offers a wide range of chemical products for various industries, from basic chemicals to high-purity chemicals, electric insulating materials and resin molded items for the electronics field. Air Water also jointly devel- ops materials for customer products with manufacturers and provides state-of-the-art information and materials.
BELLPEARL®
Air Water offers “Bellpearl®,” an environ- mentally friendly particulate phenolic resin; “Bellfine®,” a functional new carbon made by the highly controlled burning and carbonizing of Bellpearl resin; and “Bells- wing®,” a PSA-type nitrogen gas generator that uses Bellfine carbon as an absorbent.
O-rings
Air Water manufactures and sells various
types of seal materials such as rubber
O-rings and other rubber products for
industrial use. For semiconductor
manufacturing systems, it offers a lineup
under the Pororoca brand of ultra
high-performance rubber O-rings. Recently, it has developed and started selling O-rings made of perfluoroelastomer (FFKM), which have the world’s highest level of heat resistance, and O-rings made from general-purpose fluoroelastomer rubber (FKM).
     ECOROCA®
Air Water manufactures and sells ECOROCA®, a new compound recycled material made from underutilized resources such as waste wood and waste plastic. Delivering excellent strength and safety while maintaining the texture of wood, ECOROCA® is used as decking material, louver material, and wall material at various sites, mainly public facilities.
NV (Metal Surface Treatments)
We offer a range of unique surface treatments, including: NV nitriding, which uses gas activation and atmospheric control to improve the abrasion resistance of metal; Pionite, which hardens stainless steel without compromising its corrosion resistance; and CR-NITE, which can withstand 1000°C temperatures.
SiC
Air Water has developed its own SiC substrate for products such as power semiconductors and super luminosity LEDs. Air Water successfully established a technology for large-diameter substrates of up to eight inches and mass-produced the substrates, which are deemed the most suitable for the growth of GaN (gallium nitride).
     Electricity
Our Industrial Gas Business consumes a
processes. To ensure business continuity
we believe it is crucial to become self-sufficient by securing baseload power. To this end, we have begun power generation using woody biomass, a renewable energy source.
vast amount of electricity in its manufacturing in all circumstances, including major disasters,
    Woody biomass and coal co-fired power generation Generation capacity: approx. 112,000 kW
(Began operations in July 2019)
Completion image
Woody biomass mono-fired power generation Generation capacity: approx. 75,000 kW
(Start of operation scheduled for April 2021)
P.17 See Feature 1 “Using Renewable Energy to Generate Electricity” for details.
AIR WATER REPORT 2019 36 