 Materiality

As an airline group centered on the air transportation business, we are working to control CO2 emissions.
  Major Initiatives
Controlling of CO2 emissions
Introduction of bio jet fuel
Value for the ANA GroupControl fuel costs
Reduce expenses for future emissions credit purchases Improve reputation for mitigating environmental risks
   Value for Society
Reduce environmental impact
Contribution to the SDGsBasic Approach
With the conclusion of the Paris Agreement in 2015 at the 21st session of the Conference of the Parties (COP21) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the Japanese government set its own targets related to the reduction of green- house gas emissions. In addition, following decisions at the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) General Assembly in 2016, from 2021, carbon neutral growth, with no increase in CO2 emissions from international aviation, has become an interna- tional pledge. Accordingly, airlines are increasingly aware of CO2 emission reductions.
In 1998, the ANA Group established the ANA Group Environmental Principles, and we have worked to reduce the envi- ronmental burden in accordance with “ANA FLY ECO 2020,” a medium- to long-term environmental plan from fiscal year 2012 to fiscal year 2020.
Now, to demonstrate in Japan and overseas our quest to become a leading eco-friendly airline group, we formulated the ANA Group Environmental Policies in June 2017.
activities to reduce environmental burden. In particular, we have positioned the controlling of CO2 emissions from flight operations as our most important issue. The Group will pursue the creation of both economic and social value through controlling fuel expenses and reducing environmental burden.
  “ANA FLY ECO 2020” Medium- to Long-Term Environmental Plan for FY2012–2020
 キ ミ の 描 く 空 が 、青 い ま ま だ と い い な 。
誰 よ り も 空 に 近 い 存 在 と し て 、誰 よ り も 空 の こ と を 考 え る 。
そ れ が 、私 た ち A N A の 責 任 で す 。
そこでANAでは、中長期環境計画「 ANA FLY ECO 2020 」をはじめています。 有償輸送トン・キロメートルあたりのCO2 排出量を20%※ 削減するという数値目標のもと、※2005年比  航空燃料の削減やバイオ燃料の導入といった空の上での活動をはじめ、 電気自動車の導入や森づくり・サンゴの再生活動など、
陸 の 上 や 海 の 中 に お い て も 、そ の 先 の 空 を 見 つ め て 、さ ま ざ ま な 環 境 活 動 を 展 開 し て い ま す 。 この空がある限り、
A N A の 取 り 組 み に 、終 わ り は な い の で す か ら 。
  ANA Group Environmental Principles
(formulated in 1998)ANA Group Environmental Policies
(formulated in June 2017)
ANA Group, recognizing the global environmental issues, including climate change and the conservation of biodiversity, as a quintessential management task, aims to be an “Environmental Leading Airline Group” through all engaged activities.
1. We will precisely grasp and analyze the impact of our business activities on the environment, and disclose it to society.
2. We will promote environmental preservation in line with social needs that go above and beyond the pertinent laws and regulations, through widespread conversations with stakeholders.
3. We will promote measures to reduce the environmental impact in all related businesses and operations, and we actively pursue possibilities of new technologies and services for this purpose.
4. We will constantly pay close attention to the environmental consideration of supply-chains, and promote the environment-conscious procurement.
5. We will intensify the “3R” (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) activities and waste management in an effort to contribute to the creation of a recycling society.
6. We will encourage our workforce to engage in environmental preservation activities, raising each and every employee’s awareness and consciousness.Promotion System
Under the CSR, Risk Management, and Compliance Promotion Committee, the ANA Group has established the Eco-First Subcommittee for initiatives dealing with aircraft flight operations and the Ground Energy Subcommittee for initiatives dealing with ground operations. These committees are implementing specific
 48
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
   Initiatives to Control CO2 Emissions
From fiscal year 2016, we are classifying greenhouse gas emissions as scope 1, 2, and 3 in accordance with the standards of the Act on the Rational Use of Energy, and we are disclosing that informa- tion with the accuracy verified by a third party. In addition, we reported to the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), which has the objective of meeting the requests of investors for disclosure of information related to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, and we received a B rating (industry average: C rating).
Flight Operation Initiatives
Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (CORSIA) was adopted at the ICAO General Assembly in 2016, and is a growth scheme for international airlines that is not accompanied by increases in CO2 emissions from 2021. To control emissions, there will be a need for technical innovation related aircraft, improvements in operations, use of bio jet fuel, and utiliza- tion of emissions credits. The ANA Group has started preparations for CORSIA.
With the expansion of our international network, we have launched the Fuel Efficiency Project, under which we have imple- mented such measures as introducing fuel-efficient aircraft, revising flight methods, and cleaning engines to improve fuel efficiency as well as making progress clearly visible and thereby further mobilizing employees toward our goals. Consequently, by the end of fiscal year 2016 we had achieved the initial target of reducing fuel consumption by 42,000 kl.
 
The use of bio jet fuel is the focus of research and development initiatives in countries around the world, and preparations for the introduction of this fuel are under way. In Japan, the Committee for the Study of a Process Leading to Introduction of Bio Jet Fuel for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020 has been estab- lished. The ANA Group is working together with the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry; the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure,
Certified Eco-First Company
In 2008, ANA became the first company in the airline industry and the transport industry to be certified by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment as an Eco-First company. This accomplishment was a reflection of the Ministry’s high evaluation of the com- pany’s stance toward emphasizing environmental initiatives and social responsibility.
In addition, we endorse the principles of the “COOL CHOICE”
Ground Operations Initiatives
Utilizing energy management standards that we formulated indepen- dently, we have taken steps to reduce energy use at all worksites. As a result, we have been successful in reducing energy usage by more than 1% each year, which is the goal described in the Law Concerning the Rational Use of Energy. Since fiscal year 2016, the Company has been listed on the website of the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry as an S-rank company for exhibiting energy conservation excellence due to its ability to reduce energy consumption by more than 1% a year on average over the past five years. Currently, to advance consideration of greenhouse gas reduction measures for all Group companies in light with the Paris Agreement, we are taking steps to make key environmental/energy data clearly visible.
Also, targeting the achievement of a resource recycling-oriented society, we are advancing “3R” (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) activities for industrial waste. In particular, taking a rigorous approach to the management of industrial waste, we have moved forward with the introduction of the “e-Waste Management System,” which was installed at 111 worksites in fiscal year 2016.
Transport and Tourism; the Scheduled Airlines Association of Japan; the Petroleum Association of Japan; the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization; and airport refuel- ing companies to resolve this issue. In addition, we are supporting the development and commercialization of bio jet fuels refined from Euglena (microalgae).
national movement spearheaded by the Ministry of the Environment to encourage smart choices (“cool choices”) for contributing to global warming countermea-
sures. Our smart choices
include awareness-raising activities utilizing ANA’s in-flight magazine and videos.
  Bio Jet Fuel Introduction Initiatives
Progress toward Targets
Reduction of CO2 emissions per revenue ton-kilometers (Total for domestic and international services)
 Target: Reduce by 20% from FY2005 to FY2020 Progress: Reduced by 19.9% (As of March 31, 2017)
    ANNUAL REPORT 2017 49