Materiality
Human Rights
The ANA Group is actively promoting efforts to respect human rights with an emphasis on stakeholder engagement.
 Major Initiatives
Human rights due diligence
Education and training for Group employees
Value for the ANA Group
Improve reputation
for mitigating human rights risks
 Value for Society
Realize society in which human rights are respected
Contribution to the SDGsBasic Approach
The ANA Group Policy on Human Rights was established in April 2016 based on the International Bill of Human Rights (the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two International Covenants), the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the United Nations Guiding Principles
Promotion System
At the ANA Group, timely discussions on human rights promotion policies and initiative progress are held at meetings of the CSR, Risk Management, and Compliance Promotion Committee under the guidance of the Chief CSR Promotion Officer in charge of CSR.
Education and Training for Group Employees
In fiscal year 2016, human rights educational programs were once again held during trainings for new staff and new managers as well as at other opportunities. In addition, an e-learning program was instituted for all Group employees, including those at overseas branches, to foster an even deeper understanding for human rights. This program focused on human rights risks present in the Group’s business activities. Over a one-month period, 92.7% of employees completed this program.
Stakeholder Engagement Programs
In May 2017, the Company participated in stakeholder engagement programs on human rights held in Thailand and Malaysia, both countries that ANA flies to, continuing the tradition of the engage- ment activities that took place in Japan in February and December 2015. These programs provided opportunities to develop an under- standing of the issues faced by local and migrant workers as well as the initiatives of government agencies, labor unions, and nongov- ernmental organizations (NGOs) for addressing these issues.
on Business and Human Rights. In addition, the ANA Group has established Social Responsibility Guidelines, a code of conduct that provides a clear understanding of what is expected of every Group executive and employee in relation to human rights. This enables each staff member to “do the right thing” in day-to-day duties.
In addition, coordination is pursued with the CSR Promotion Leaders positioned in each Group company and department in order to advance educational activities targeting Group employees and other initiatives for encouraging respect for human rights.
Corporate Social Responsibility and Human Rights e-learning program
      50
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
Human rights conference in Thailand  
   Human Rights Due Diligence
The ANA Group has established a framework for conducting human rights due diligence*1 based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. In fiscal year 2016, through this framework, we identified priority themes for preventing human rights risks based on assessments of the potential impacts
of the risks present in all countries in which the ANA Group
operates.
*1. Human rights due diligence is the ongoing process of conducting preventative studies and investigations and implementing appropriate corrective measures to prevent or minimize the negative impact of a company’s activities on human rights and the disclosure of the progress and results of these initiatives.
 (Figure 1)
     Commit
Assess
Assessment of human rights risks in business activities and across the supply chain
• Conduct human rights risk assess- ments to identify potential and existing human rights risks
• Perform human rights impact assessments to analyze and evalu- ate the impacts of identified risks
Act
Action based on assessment findings to mitigate priority risks
• Develop and review programs based on issues identified
• Perform human rights education and training
Report
Regularly report information
• Disclose information through pub- lished reports and corporate website
• Release information based on the U.K. Modern Slavery Act 2015 (ANA Group Modern Slavery Statement)
Commitment to human rights and communication
• Develop and review the ANA Group Policy on Human Rights
• Integrate human rights into the ANA Group Purchasing Policy
• Communicate these policies within the ANA Group and across its supply chain (including education and training programs)
Figure 1: Compiled by the Company under the guidance of Verisk Maplecroft*2 and Caux Round Table Japan*3
*2. Verisk Maplecroft is a leading global risk analysis, research, and strategic forecast firm.
*3. Caux Round Table Japan is a global network of business leaders aimed at ensuring businesses contribute to a more free, fair, and transparent society.
Advice from Experts
The ANA Group regularly receives advice on its human rights mea- sures from experts. In September 2016, the Group invited four experts from three overseas institutions (the Danish Institute for Human Rights*4, a former member of United Nations Working Group on Business and Human Rights, and ELEVATE*5), with whom we discussed human rights initiatives implemented to date, our human rights due diligence process, and the progress of human rights impact assessments. In addition, the Group received valuable advice on the human rights issues it should focus on going forward.
  *4. The Danish Institute for Human Rights is an organization established by a parliamentary decision to accumulate insight regarding human rights and businesses and develop related tools. *5. ELEVATE is a company that provides advisory services related to the development and implementation of monitoring programs and the cultivation of supplier skills in the area of
supply chain sustainability.
Advisory meeting held in Tokyo
ANNUAL REPORT 2017 51