 
The ANA Group strives to contribute to the realization of an inclusive society in which diversity is respected, by focusing on the diversity of its customers
  Major Initiatives
Development and introduction of services based on customer diversity
Education and training for Group employees
Value for the ANA Group
Improve profitability resulted from demand creation
Enhance ability to serve customers achieved
by providing services that address their issues
   Value for Society
Realize an inclusive society
Contribution to the SDGsBasic Approach
The ANA Group positions its International Business as a major pillar for growth going forward. As such, it is crucial to be chosen and trusted by customers in the global market. Furthermore, we see contributing to the creation of an inclusive society through our business as an important obligation of the ANA Group as a provider
Promotion System
The ANA Group is actively working to ensure that all customers can enjoy comfortable flights without undue anxiety or stress. Specific efforts include researching domestic and overseas universal ser- vices and analyzing feedback from customers. In addition, employ- ees of ANA WING FELLOWS VIE OJI Co., Ltd., a company that promotes the hiring of differently abled individuals within the Group, make service proposals based on their own experiences, which are incorporated into our services.
In addition, the Group has been expanding the scope of employees that undergo training about barrier-free access, which has previously been administered to airport ground staff, cabin attendants, and other front-line employees. At the same time, an e-learning program promoting understanding and awareness regarding universal services is provided for all Group employees.
Major Initiatives
Looking forward to 2020 and the future aging of society, the Group is implementing initiatives to remove barriers to accessing our ser- vices in terms of both facilities and services. This objective is being pursued by coordinating with companies possessing specialized insight and actively developing new products and services that
of public transportation.
Striving to contribute to the realization of an inclusive society in
which diversity is respected, we are sharing the Group’s unified focus on the diversity of customers with all Group members and are enhancing our universal services.
ANA Group universal services e-learning program for all employees
incorporate the latest technologies. At the same time, we adhere to the Tokyo 2020 Accessibility Guidelines issued by the Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games in order to improve customers’ safety and security and convenience throughout all areas related to our services.
    1-3 Different Difficulties and Needs
What kinds of people may have difficulties moving around?
A person using a cane
A person using a wheelchair
An elderly person
An expectant mother or a person with small children A person with an assistant dog, etc.
These people may want someone to provide assistance. They may also want to be as independent as possible.
Different people have different approaches and needs.
        1
  52
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
Improvement of customers’ safety and security and convenience from before boarding to after deplaning
    Facility Legacy of Diversity
Facility-related initiatives for responding to the needs of diverse customers include the use of plastic wheelchairs “morph” that help passengers move easily around check-in areas, through security checkpoints, and onboard aircraft. The ANA Group has also intro- duced passenger boarding bridge adaptors for turbo-prop aircraft to allow for comfortable boarding and deplaning by all customers, even on rainy, windy, or snowy days. Furthermore, electronic com- munication support boards that are compatible with 17 languages
Plastic wheelchair “morph” Passenger boarding bridge adaptor for turbo-prop aircraft
Service Legacy of Diversity
The ANA Group strives to contribute to increases in receptiveness toward various senses of value in order to enhance its services to ensure that all customers can enjoy travel in their own unique way.
To this end, we conduct learning courses designed to foster understanding among employees with regard to the need to remove implicit barriers to access by differently abled individuals. These courses encourage employees to actively seek out means of
are used to facilitate easy communication in airports and onboard aircraft. In addition, certain narrow-body aircraft (Airbus A320neo and A321 aircraft) feature restrooms that are easy to use by customers in wheelchairs.
These ongoing efforts to remove access barriers in airports, onboard aircraft, and during boarding resulted in ANA and ANA WINGS CO., LTD., receiving the 10th Minister of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Award for Barrier-Free Design Contributor. In addition, the departure counter at Haneda Airport Terminal 2 was recognized in the Good Design Award 2016 program after adopting universal design concepts.
Electronic communication support boards Airbus A321 restroom
removing such barriers themselves. In addition to discussion ses- sions between members of front-line staff responsible for training and external experts, we also invite NPOs, university representa- tives, and Paralympians on an ongoing basis to conduct lectures on removing implicit access barriers. Through these efforts, the ANA Group aims to cultivate human resources that can drive the movement to make Japan an implicit barrier-free society for all.
      Transformation into an Airline Group Supportive of the LGBT Community
In April 2015, the Group formulated the ANA Group Diversity & Inclusion Declaration, inspiring us to address issues faced by mem- bers of the LGBT community.
In fiscal year 2016, we changed restroom displays at ANA lounges to be more welcoming to LGBT customers at Haneda, Narita, and other airports. ANA also revised various products and services from the perspective of LGBT inclusion such as by enabling same-sex partners to be listed as family members and benefit receivers for the ANA Card Family Mile service, one of ANA’s mileage services.
      ANNUAL REPORT 2017 53