 Materiality

We are working to activate the economies of Japan and the overseas regions that ANA flies to, as well as to promote international exchange.
  Major Initiatives
Strategic usage of Group resources
Social contributions in overseas regions that ANA flies to
Value for the ANA Group
Improve earnings
resulted from inbound travel demand creation
Ensure profitability in the Domestic Passenger Business
Expand profit in
the International Passenger Business
   Value for Society
Vitalize regional economies
Facilitate international exchanges
Contribution to the SDGs Basic Approach
Traditional Japanese charms and tourism resources are now attracting global attention. Conversely, Japan faces concerns with regard to the depopulation of regional cities and the decline of traditional industries. As a bridge that transmits the values of Japan to the world, the ANA Group aims to work together with other companies, NGOs / NPOs, municipal government agencies, and
Promotion System
In April 2017, with the objective of strategically advancing initiatives targeting the achievement of vitalization of local communities, we established the Group Local Vitalization Committee. This committee is supervised by the Company’s department in charge of CSR. Participants include not only related departments, such as corporate planning, marketing, and sales, but also ANA Strategic Research
other organizations to contribute to the vitalization of local com- munities across Japan and foster air traffic demand over the long term. In addition, through social contribution activities in the coun- tries where ANA operates, the Group will work to build good relationships with stakeholders in each region and to resolve social issues.
Institute Co., Ltd. (ARI), which conducts support operations for local community vitalization. By regularly sharing information related to local community vitalization and tourism promotion in Japan as well as social contribution activities in Japan and overseas, the commit- tee will conduct local community vitalization activities that leverage the comprehensive strengths of the Group.
   Local Community Vitalization Support by ANA Strategic Research Institute Co., Ltd.
Based on the idea that “Increased attractive- ness of a vitalized region will also increase the traffic between the region and urban areas as well as overseas,” ARI implements a variety of activities with the resources of the ANA Group.
As of July 2017, ARI cooperates with 23 local governments and organizations, with 18 secondees from the ANA Group, to work together on activities in these areas.
Research for tourism development and merchandizing
Preparation for welcoming domestic and overseas tourists, provision of tourism information
    Major Support for
Local Community Vitalization
Promotion and
sales of local
products in urban areas
PR for local cities on ANA flights
   54
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
    Utilization of Air Transportation Services
Since September 2013, ANA has been implementing the Tastes of JAPAN by ANA project. Under the themes of food, sake, sweets, and culture, the project is featuring three prefectures every three months, until all 47 prefectures are covered over a period of approximately four years. (As of July 2017, 44 prefectures had been covered.)
The ANA Group is taking wide-ranging steps to communicate the appeal of Japan’s prefectures to customers in Japan and over- seas. For example, the Group is incorporating items such as food and desserts that use local specialties into ANA services (in-flight, lounges, airport shops, e-commerce sites, etc.), and the Group is introducing the culture and tourism resources of each region through a variety of in-house media.
Collaboration with Municipal Governments
To vitalize local communities and resolve social issues, the Company is moving ahead with the conclusion of comprehensive partnership agreements with municipal governments. These agree- ments extend over a wide range of areas, including tourism, culture, sports, expansion of population movement (promoting migration), countermeasures to the trend toward fewer children, the promotion of career opportunities for women, cooperation with overseas businesses, the establishment of safe and secure communities, and support during times of disaster. As of July 2017, we had concluded agreements with five prefectures (Mie, Shizuoka, Hokkaido, Kochi, and Tokushima), and we are working to vitalize local communities by leveraging our diverse network as an airline group.
Resolving Social Issues through Tourism
ANA has been selected as official sponsor of the 2017 International Year of Sustainable Tourism for Development, which is organized by the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO). Together with UNWTO, ANA seeks for resolving a range of issues through tourism, including expansion of employment, the elimination of poverty, effective use of resources, and environmental conservation. In the course of these initiatives, the ONSEN & Gastronomy Tourism Association has been established with cooperation of the Japan Travel and Tourism Association, and ARI as a core member, provides tourists with the opportunity to experience Japan’s Onsen (hot springs), thereby promoting vitalization of communications among regions and long-stay tourism.
Tastes of JAPAN by ANA website http://www.ana.co.jp/tastesofjapan/en/
Concluding alliance agreement with Tokushima Prefecture in May 2017
Communicating the appeal of Onsen regions and activating regional exchange
      ANNUAL REPORT 2017 55
  Growth Strategies and Materiality

Vitalization of Local Communities
 Japan The ANA Group is working to address a variety of social issues by leveraging our distinctive characteristics as an airline group.
Preserving Biodiversity through Cooperative Initiatives with Regions and Other Companies
 Over a 13-year period starting in 2004, the ANA Group has worked together with 18 companies* from both inside and outside Okinawa on the Team Tyura Sango project, which is advancing initiatives for reviving the coral reefs, which are an important tourism resource.
With the development of coral revival techniques by local parties and the support of government entities, such as the Ministry of the Environment, Okinawa Prefecture, and Onna Village, approximately 7,000 heads of coral have been planted to date, contributing to the revival of the coral. As a result, the project was given the Minister’s Prize, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (fisheries and environmental conserva- tion category) at the 32nd National Meeting for the Healty Ocean in 2012, and first prize, the Environment Minister’s Award, in the 3rd Good Life Awards in 2015. * As of July 2017
Planting coral near Onna Village
 Developing a Next-Generation Education Program to Increase Interest in Aviation
 To introduce children to the work of the ANA Group, we are implementing the Aviation Classroom throughout Japan. In fiscal year 2016, the depart- ment in charge of CSR held the classroom eight times, and approximately 350 children participated. We communicated the importance of having dreams and continuing to work hard to achieve them.
From the second half of fiscal year 2017, as one part of career educa- tion for fifth and sixth grade elementary school students, we plan to offer a new program, “ANA Blue Academy.” This program will aim to develop think- ing skills by teaching about the work of airlines. Moving forward, we will offer this program in all 47 prefectures and work to contribute to the education of the next generation, which will take over industries and communities.
Ongoing Support for Recovery from Disaster Damage
The ANA Group implements aggressive support initiatives in the event of a natural disaster, which can cause significant damage to regional econo- mies. For example, we provide free air tickets to emergency support orga- nizations, and Group employees provide hot baths for people in disaster-stricken areas. To address the lengthening time required for the recovery of the region affected by the Kumamoto earthquakes in April 2016, in cooperation with Japan Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster, we launched the Disaster Recovery Leader Connect Program in June 2017. With the objective of sharing experience and know-how through direct connections with recovery leaders, such as Hanshin / Awaji, Chuetsu, and Tohoku, we will support the air travel of approximately 100 recovery leaders over four years.
Aviation Classroom implemented by ANA Group employees
Recovery support activities in Kumamoto by ANA Group employees
   56
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
   
    Overseas The ANA Group is advancing social contribution activities in overseas regions that ANA flies to, such as the education of the next generation and the preservation of tourism resources.
Educational Support in Myanmar
The ANA Group is participating in the Book & Toy Library 100 Project, which is being operated by the Tokyo Toy Museum and Bridge Asia Japan, an authorized NPO. Over three years, this project will donate books and toys to 100 elementary schools in Myanmar.
In January 2016, we delivered approximately 250 picture books and approximately 20 toys made with timber from forest-thinning at ANA Hearty Forest in Minami-sanriku. To date, we have made donations to 20 schools. Through this project, we will continue to implement activities that foster creativity and increase interest in learning.
Preserving Tourism Resources in Cambodia
As the world’s first official supporter of UNESCO, we are promoting educa- tional activities related to world heritage and other matters. With the launch of the Narita–Phnom Penh route in September 2016, we are supporting the Angkor Wat site preservation and restoration activities implemented by Sophia University as a supporter of the restoration of the Angkor Wat Western Causeway.
The ANA Group will contribute to the preservation of tourism resources and to the development of human resources through mobility support between Japan and Phnom Penh for the restoration activities, which have a target completion date of 2020, cooperation for events related to site preservation activities, and the introduction of activities in in-house media, such as ANA’s in-flight magazine, WING SPAN.
Limiting Food Waste in Singapore
Approximately 800 million people around the world do not have enough to eat, while, according to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization, 1.3 billion tons of food are thrown away each year.
From October 2016, ANA’s Singapore branch / airport office and the Asia / Oceania Office have worked in cooperation with the catering com- pany that handles in-flight meal preparation and loading and unloading, as well as related government offices. We are working in cooperation with Food BANK, a Singapore NGO, to accept food that would otherwise be thrown away and deliver it to people in need. For example, in-flight snacks that were not used on a flight but can still be stored for a fixed period of time are donated to a local childcare center. In these ways, the Group is working to limit food waste.
Children in Myanmar playing with donated toys
    Angkor Wat site preservation work
  In-flight snacks donated to a childcare center
ANNUAL REPORT 2017 57