Intellectual Capital Progress in Development of Next-Generation Dementia Treatments 152 million Estimated number of people with dementia worldwide as of 2050
Expanding our contribution in the dementia area with the launch of new treatments and extensive pipeline
  The World’s First Alzheimer’s Disease Modifying Treatment, and an Extensive Pipeline
 Eisai has one of the industry’s most extensive pipelines in the area of dementia. ADUHELMTM (generic name: aducanumab), jointly developed by Eisai and Biogen Inc., was granted accelerated approval in the U.S. in
June 2021. In fiscal 2021, clinical studies are scheduled to proceed in 5 other projects, and preclinical trials are underway in multiple projects.
Sought-After Next-Generation Disease Modifying Treatments ■ Causes of dementia and expectations for new treatments
 There are various factors leading to dementia, which
is caused by a decrease in the nerve cells. With Alzheimer’s disease (AD), the most prevalent type
of dementia, the aggregation and accumulation of a peptide called amyloid beta (Aβ) in the brain occur
10 to 20 years before symptoms, such as memory impairment, appear. It is believed that the aggregation and accumulation of Aβin the brain triggers the formation of tau protein that resides in neurons and accumulates in the cells, leading to neuronal cell death. This is the Aβhypothesis, upon which Eisai’s research for next-generation AD treatments is based. The current AD treatments are indicated for people with clinical symptoms of AD. By contrast, next-generation dementia treatments based on the Aβhypothesis target early AD (mild cognitive impairment due to AD [MCI due to AD] and mild AD) where Aβaccumulation in the brain is observed, and preclinical AD, where earlier cognitive impairment has not been confirmed.
Regarding dementia treatments, symptomatic treatments including our in-house developed Aricept® have over 20 years of history in the market, and their
efficacy and safety have been established. However, worsening of cognitive functions is unavoidable after a certain period of administration, and these treatments cannot be expected to have the effect of stopping the progression of the disease. Therefore, the development of next-generation dementia treatments, which could potentially delay the onset of dementia or suppress the worsening of cognitive functions over a longer period of time, has been highly anticipated.Illustration of Treatment Efficacy Expected from Next-Generation Alzheimer’s Disease Treatment
Next-generation Alzheimer’s disease (AD) treatment
   Mild cognitive impairment (MCI)
Mild AD Moderate AD Severe AD
Existing treatments
Typical progress of AD Age
 ■ The world’s first Alzheimer’s disease modifier: ADUHELMTM
ADUHELMTM is an anti-Aβmonoclonal antibody
jointly developed by Eisai and Biogen Inc. A Biologics License Application (BLA) for the treatment of AD was submitted to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and was accepted in August 2020. In June 2021, ATUHELMTM was granted accelerated approval as the first and only AD treatment to address a defining pathology of the disease. The accelerated approval has been granted based on data from clinical trials demonstrating the effect of ADUHELMTM on reducing Aβplaques, a biomarker that is reasonably likely
to predict clinical benefit, in this case a reduction in
clinical decline. Continued approval for ADUHELMTM’s indication as a treatment for AD may be contingent upon verification of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. In EU, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has accepted for review a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) in October 2020. In Japan, Biogen Inc. submitted a Japanese New Drug Application (J-NDA) to the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) in December 2020. In addition, new drug applications are getting underway in other countries and regions.
21Cognitive function
 Background to approval of new drug ADUHELMTM in the United States
The PhaseIIIstudies (ENGAGE and EMERGE)
of aducanumab in individuals with early AD (mild cognitive impairment [MCI due to AD] and mild
AD) were initiated in August 2015 and September 2015, respectively. While the study protocol was changed multiple times based on the latest findings at that time, it was decided to discontinue both trials in March 2019 on the recommendation of an independent data monitoring committee based on the result of interim data analysis as of December 2018, when the number of patients who completed treatment reached half of the planned number. The result indicated that the trials were unlikely to meet their primary endpoint upon completion.
A larger-scale data set containing additional
data from December 2018 to March 2019 was used in the final analysis. As a result, the EMERGE study showed reductions of amyloid in the brain (Fig.1) and reduction of clinical decline in the high- dose group of aducanumab (primary endpoint was CDR-SB [Clinical Dementia Rating-Sum of Boxes], main secondary endpoint was MMSE [Mini-Mental State Examination], ADAS-Cog13 [AD Assessment Scale-Cognitive Subscale], and ADCS-ADL-MCI [AD Cooperative Study-Activities of Daily Living Inventory]) (Table1). Moreover, additional biomarker* data of tau levels in the cerebrospinal fluid also supported these clinical findings (Fig.2). In the ENGAGE study, although it did not meet its primary endpoint, the data from the subset of ENGAGE that received high doses of aducanumab supported the findings from the EMERGE study, by confirming reductions of brain amyloid and clinical decline. It is considered that the difference between the results of the new analysis of the larger dataset and the outcome predicted by the futility analysis, which was announced in March 2019, was largely due to a protocol revision made during the clinical trial that increased the number
of patients receiving high dose aducanumab.
The cause of difference between the results of
both studies was thought to be that, since the ENGAGE study started about a month earlier, the increase in the number of patients receiving high dose aducanumab due to the protocol change
was smaller in the ENGAGE study than in the EMERGE study. In addition, biomarkers involved in tau proteins other than Aβand neurodegeneration also supported the improvement of AD pathology. Biogen Inc. continued to have an engagement with the FDA regarding this result. Then in October 2019, Biogen Inc. announced that they will pursue a BLA of aducanumab for AD based on clinical data from the EMERGE, ENGAGE and the Phase Ib study
 Fig.1 EMERGE: Longitudinal change from baseline in amyloid PET SUVR
Placebo
0.05 0.00 -0.05 -0.10 -0.15 -0.20 -0.25 -0.30 -0.35
***
***
0.019
*** -0.165
*** -0.272
 Analysis visit (weeks)
026 78 n=157 128 74 Low dose aducanumab n=157 125 79 High dose aducanumab n=171 136 87
18F-florbetapir amyloid PET analysis population. ***p<0.0001 compared with placebo (nominal). Values at each time point were based on an MMRM model, with change from baseline in MMSE as the dependent variable and with fixed effects of treatment group, categorical visit, treatment-by-visit interaction, baseline SUVR, baseline SUVR by visit interaction, baseline MMSE, Alzheimer’s disease symptomatic medication use at baseline, region, and laboratory ApoE ε4 status. ApoE, apolipoprotein E; MMRM, mixed model for repeated measure; MMSE, Mini Mental State Examination; PET, positron emission tomography; SE, standard error; SUVR, standardized uptake value ratio.
Table 1 EMERGE: Primary and secondary endpoints from final data set at Week 78
ITT population. a Difference vs placebo at Week 78. Negative percentage means less progression in the treated arm. b Nominal for MMSE, ADAS-Cog 13, and ADCS-ADL- MCI.
ADAS-Cog 13, Alzheimer’s Disease Assessment Scale–Cognitive Subscale (13-item); ADCS-ADL-MCI, Alzheimer’s Disease Cooperative Study–Activities of Daily Living Inventory (mild cognitive impairment version); CDR-SB, Clinical Dementia Rating–Sum of Boxes; ITT, intent to treat; MCI, mild cognitive impairment; MMSE, Mini-Mental State Examination.
Fig.2 EMERGE: CSF biomarkers of tau pathology and neurodegeneration
 Placebo decline (n=548)
Difference vs. placebo (%)a p-value
 Low dose (n=543)
  High dose (n=547)
  CDR-SB
 1.74
-0.26 (-15%) 0.0901
-0.39 (-22%) 0.0120
 MMSE
  -3.3
  -0.1 (3%) 0.7578
  0.6 (-18%) 0.0493
 ADAS-Cog 13
5.162
-0.701 (-14%) 0.1962
-1.400 (-27%) 0.0097
 ADCS-ADL-MCI
 -4.3
 0.7 (-16%) 0.1515
 1.7 (-40%) 0.0006
   0
5 -10 -15 -20 -25
-20
-60 -100 -140 -180 -220
CSF p-tau
CSF total tau
    *
Low dose n = 28
Fig.3 ENGAGE: Longitudinal change from baseline in amyloid PET SUVR
Placebo
***
High dose n = 15
Placebo
Low dose n = 29
High dose n = 14
n = 22
CSF modified analysis population (patients with both baseline and post-baseline CSF assessments). *p<0.05, ***p<0.001 compared with placebo (nominal). Values were based on an ANCOVA model at Week 78, fitted with change from baseline as the dependent variable, and with categorical treatment, baseline biomarker value, baseline age, and laboratory ApoE ε4 status (carrier and non-carrier) as the independent variables.
ANCOVA, analysis of covariance; ApoE, apolipoprotein; CSF, cerebrospinal fluid; SE, standard error.
0.05 0.00 -0.05 -0.10 -0.15 -0.20 -0.25 -0.30 -0.35
ENGAGE EMERGE
-0.005 0.019
Analysis visit (weeks)
dose at Week 78a
026 78 n=203 164 104 Low dose aducanumab n=198 166 116 High dose aducanumab n=181 149 97
a Calculated from patients with Week 78 PET assessment.18F-florbetapir amyloid PET analysis population. ***p <0.0001 compared with placebo (nominal). Values at each time point were based on an MMRM model, with change from baseline in MMSE as the dependent variable and with fixed effects of treatment group, categorical visit, treatment-by-visit interaction, baseline SUVR, baseline SUVR by visit interaction, baseline MMSE, Alzheimer’s disease symptomatic medication use at baseline, region, and laboratory ApoE ε4 status. ApoE, apolipoprotein E; MMRM, mixed model for repeated measure; MMSE, Mini Mental State Examination; PET, positron emission tomography; SE, standard error; SUVR, standardized uptake value ratio.
Table 2 ENGAGE: Primary and secondary endpoints from final data set at Week 78
ITT population. a Difference vs placebo at Week 78. Negative percentage means less progression in the treated arm. b Nominal for MMSE, ADAS-Cog 13, and ADCS-ADL- MCI.
ADAS-Cog 13, Alzheimer’s Disease Assessment Scale–Cognitive Subscale (13-item); ADCS-ADL-MCI, Alzheimer’s Disease Cooperative Study–Activities of Daily Living Inventory (mild cognitive impairment version); CDR-SB, Clinical Dementia Rating–Sum of Boxes; ITT, intent to treat; MCI, mild cognitive impairment; MMSE, Mini-Mental State Examination.
• Figures and tables are quoted from materials from Biogen Inc.
▶https://investors.biogen.com/static-files/928e1511-6d2c-46ec-98ca-74e3de792fb6
Placebo
n = 23
 ***
***
*** -0.168
*** -0.238
-0.165
-0.272 Median cumulative 126 mg/kg 140 mg/kg
 Placebo decline (n=545)
Difference vs. placebo (%)a p-valueb
 Low dose (n=547)
  High dose (n=555)
  CDR-SB
 1.56
-0.18 (-12%) 0.2250
0.03 (2%) 0.8330
 MMSE
  -3.5
  0.2 (-6%) 0.4795
  -0.1 (3%) 0.8106
 ADAS-Cog 13
5.140
-0.583 (-11%) 0.2536
-0.588 (-11%) 0.2578
 ADCS-ADL-MCI
 -3.8
 0.7 (-18%) 0.1225
 0.7 (-18%) 0.1506
  22
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021
Adjusted mean change from baseline (±SE)
Adjusted mean change from baseline (±SE)
Adjusted mean change from baseline, pg/mL (SE)
Adjusted mean change from baseline, pg/mL (SE)
Management Strategies Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Foundation for Company Introduction (R&D) (Access to Medicines) (Human Capital) Supporting Value Creation

   (PRIME). The BLA was then completed with the FDA in July 2020, and in August the BLA was accepted
by the FDA and designated for priority review. Following the FDA Advisory Committees in November 2020, Biogen Inc. responded to the FDA’s request for additional information and submitted additional analysis and clinical data as part of the review process in January 2021. The FDA extended the review period for this additional material, and the Prescription Drugs User Fee Act (PDUFA) action date (target date for completion of review) was set to June 7, 2021.
■ Investigational anti-Aβ protofibril antibody lecanemab (BAN2401)
This accelerated approval of ADUHELMTM in the U.S.
is believed to have increased the success probability for lecanemab as an AD therapeutic drug based on the same Aβhypothesis. Lecanemab is an anti-Aβ protofibril antibody obtained through collaborative research with BioArctic AB (Sweden), and has the unique features of binding and reducing Aβprotofibrils, which are the most toxic in the formulations of Aβ. Following discussion with regulatory authorities based on the results of a PhaseIIstudy (Study 201) that showed suppression of clinical decline as well as dose- dependent reduction of Aβaccumulation in the brain, a single Phase III study (Clarity AD) targeting individuals with early AD, which was required in order to submit an application for approval for lecanemab, was initiated in March 2019. During the first wave of the COVID-19
pandemic in early 2020, we decided, in consultation with the FDA, to supplement data for cases in which participants had temporary loss of dosing opportunity due to difficulty in visiting the hospital. We finally succeeded in making this study the fastest Phase
III study in early AD to achieve Last Patient In (1,795 cases). Currently, clinical studies are ongoing while ensuring the safety of participants by utilizing home infusion and telemedicine, with the aim of obtaining results of the primary endpoints in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. The 201 Open-Label Extension (OLE) study is also ongoing, demonstrating various clinical features of lecanemab. In June 2021, lecanemab was designated as a breakthrough therapy by the FDA for the treatment of AD.
 Potential Disease Modifying Effect Suggested by the lecanemab 201 OLE Study
Study 201 (18-month core study) of lecanemab demonstrated reduction in the accumulation of Aβplaques in the brain. The degree of brain Aβaccumulation in participants was measured at the time of initiation of
the 201 OLE study. In the lecanemab administration group of Core-study 201, accumulated brain amyloid remained low during the Gap Period (non-administration period), with an average of 2 years from the end of lecanemab administration to the initiation of OLE. Also, regarding disease progression, the difference between the placebo group and the lecanemab administration group was maintained for an average of two years following the end of Core-study 201, suggesting that lecanemab may have a disease-modifying effect. In addition, accumulated brain amyloid in the participants receiving placebo in Core-study 201 declined rapidly after starting administration of lecanemab 10 mg/kg once every two weeks at OLE, leading to a more than 80 % reduction after 12 months of treatment. Also, reduction of accumulated brain amyloid continued to be observed in participants receiving high doses (10 mg/kg) of lecanemab in Core-study 201.
 0.2 0.1
1.31
0.0
1.29
-0.4
1.36
-0.2 -0.3 -0.4 -0.5
Core Baseline
18m
 Study 201 Core
18 mo Pbo or lecanemab (Starting Baseline PET SUVr)
  Gap Period: Off Lecanemab
No Tx between Core and OLE Baseline (Change from Core Baseline)
0.03 -0.27
-0.34
Study 201 OLE
12 mo lecanemab 10 BW (Change from Core Baseline)
0.05 -0.23
-0.32
-0.26
-0.35 -0.38
 OLE Baseline OLE 6m OLE 3m
Placebo (10)
10 Monthly (19)
10 Biweekly (10)
OLE Baseline at 24m off drug for illustrative purpose; amyloid negative defined as SUVr < 1.17 using florbetapir as imaging tracer
(N) And Percent Amyloid Negative based on PET SUVr
(10) 10% (19) 63% (10) 90%
(10) 10% (3) (7) (19) 47% (12) (7) (10) 80% (4) (6)
23
Visit
OLE 12m
(8) 88% (11) 64% (7) 86%
Predicted PET SUVR change from Core baseline (+/-SE)

Furthermore, in collaboration with the Alzheimer’s Clinical Trials Consortium (ACTC), a network of 35 major clinical trial facilities in the U.S., a Phase III
study (AHEAD 3-45 study) was initiated in people with preclinical (asymptomatic) AD, whose accumulated brain amyloid is even lower than people with early AD, in July 2020 in the U.S. We also initiated registering participants in Japan in November 2020. The purpose of this study is to verify whether lecanemab can delay the progression of pathological conditions in the brain, such as amyloid accumulation, as well as the onset of clinical symptoms, by administration of lecanemab to people who are considered to be at risk of cognitive impairment due to amyloid accumulation in the brain despite showing no signs of cognitive impairment. In this study, a total of 1,400 participants will be enrolled in either of two trials (A45 trial and A3 trial) based on the
level of amyloid in the brain, and treated with lecanemab for approximately 4 years. The A45 trial will enroll cognitively unimpaired participants who have elevated levels of amyloid in the brain, and aims to prevent cognitive decline and suppress the progression of brain AD pathology with lecanemab administration. The A3 trial will enroll cognitively unimpaired participants who have an intermediate amount of amyloid in the brain, and who are at high risk for further Aβaccumulation. This population are in an earlier stage than A45 trial participants. The primary endpoint for A3 is change in brain amyloid levels. Both trials include additional clinical assessment scales, imaging, blood biomarkers and cerebrospinal fluid in a subset, as exploratory endpoints and therapeutic effects on the progression of AD pathophysiologic changes will be evaluated.
 ■ The value of next-generation dementia treatments
In the U.S., it is estimated that if a treatment to delay
by 5 years the onset of AD, the most prevalent type
of dementia, is introduced in 2025, it would decrease the number of people living with the disease by 42% (5.7 million people), and total costs to all payers
would decrease by 33% (367 billion USD) compared
to the current trajectory. Similarly, in Japan, if a new intervention method that delays the onset of the disease by 5 years is introduced, it is estimated that the medical and nursing care costs in fiscal 2025 will decrease by approximately 1.9 trillion JPY per year (with a decrease
■ Development of new diagnostic methods
AD has been the only disease in the world’s top 10 causes of death for which no preventive or curative method has been established. However, the ability to suppress the progression of AD with anti-Aβtreatment is expected to bring about a completely different medical environment.
Traditional diagnostic methods for dementia are based on symptomatological diagnosis, based on the International Classification of Diseases 10th Edition (ICD- 10) by World Health Organization (WHO), the revised 3rd (DSM-III-R) and the 4th (DSM-IV-TR) editions of the American Psychiatric Association’s Manual for Diagnosis and Statistics of Mental Illness, and the Dementia Disease Treatment Guidelines 2017, etc. The essential diagnostic requirement of dementia is memory loss, and thus dementia is diagnosed when daily life is disturbed by cognitive decline.
Accumulation of Aβin the brain in the diagnosis of AD is currently confirmed by amyloid positron emission tomography (Positron Emission Tomography: PET) or by a cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) test. Amyloid PET, which has already been granted regulatory approval, is an
in medical expenses of approximately 1 trillion JPY and a decrease in nursing care costs of approximately 0.9 trillion JPY).
The next-generation dementia treatments could contribute not only by suppressing the decline of cognitive function of people with dementia, but also
by controlling costs such as medical expenses and nursing care costs, and reducing the disease burden by extending the healthy life period. It can be anticipated that this would be of great benefit to society.
extremely useful technology that can directly visualize the inside of the brain, but there are issues such as an insufficient number of facilities and high costs. In addition to Aβ, the accuracy of diagnosis of disease progression by CSF test has been improved, which further deepens the understanding of the disease progression of AD, with confirmation using various biomarker changes.
There is a real need for the development of diagnostic methods such as blood diagnosis so that people
with early AD that is eligible to be treated with next- generation dementia therapeutic agents can be identified by a minimally invasive test method.
Research on blood biomarkers for AD has developed a variety of techniques to predict amyloid accumulation in the brain by measuring plasma Aβ. Dr. Koichi Tanaka, a Nobel laureate employed at Shimadzu Corporation, and his colleagues have developed a technology to detectAβinplasmawithhighaccuracyusingMALDI (Matrix Assisted Laser Desorption Ionization) technology, and posted an article about it in the journal Nature in February 2018. It has also been approved as a medical device. Since then, various blood AD biomarkers such
24
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021
Management Strategies Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Foundation for Company Introduction (R&D) (Access to Medicines) (Human Capital) Supporting Value Creation

 as phosphorylated tau in plasma have been reported on, and the development of simple and minimally invasive AD diagnostic agents using blood is progressing.
Since February 2016, Eisai has been collaborating with Sysmex Corporation on research and development of new diagnostic agents for dementia through blood testing, taking advantage of the special features of both companies. Sysmex Corporation’s fully-automated immunoassay system HISCLTM is a device that can measure extremely small amounts of blood components; furthermore, it can easily and accurately quantify Aβin plasma, which has been difficult to measure until now. Verifying the prediction of the Aβ1-42/Aβ1-40 ratio in blood plasma with mild cognitive impairment and mild AD using the HISCLTM series, with added information on ApoE4, which is the main gene indicating susceptibility to AD, and amyloid PET determination by the Centiloid method, yielded a sensitivity of 94%, a specificity of 71%, and an AUC (area under the ROC curve) of 0.87.
This strongly suggests that measuring the plasma Aβ 1-42/Aβ1-40 ratio using HISCLTM Series may help to understand the amyloid pathology in the brain. This HISCLTM series has the characteristics of a multiplex that can process multiple samples and measure multiple biomarkers at the same time. Eisai is working with Sysmex Corporation to put blood diagnostic technology to practical use as soon as possible.
Full-automated immunoassay system HISCLTM Series
 Searching for Solutions to All Factors, for the Future Conquering of Dementia ■ Pipeline based on AD continuum and ATN+ for clinical trials at Eisai
    T N
(S)
Dementia with Lewy bodies (approx. 20% of all dementia)
Amyloid aggregates
ADUHELMTM*1 (Anti-Aβantibody) FDA granted accelerated approval
lecanemab*1,*2 (Anti-Aβ protofibrils antibody) Phase III study ongoing
    Tauopathy
E2814*3 (Anti-MTBR*4 tau antibody) Phase I study ongoing
  Synaptic dysfunction Neurodegeneration
E2511 (Synapse regenerant) Phase I study ongoing
 Synucleinopathy
  E2027 (PDE9 inhibitor)
Phase II/III study ongoing
All projects are investigational.*1: Co-development with Biogen Inc.*2: Generic name for BAN2401, an investigational antibody for Alzheimer’s disease produced as the result of a strategic research alliance between Eisai and BioArctic *3: Co-research with University College London *4: microtubule binding region
We aim to eliminate the diverse anxieties of each individual (“The People”) regarding neurodegenerative diseases by aiming for Precision Medicine based on pathophysiological biomarkers and gene profiles.
The accumulation of knowledge about changes in the intracerebral pathology of AD over time has led
to the development of various biomarkers and the understanding of the AD Continuum. AD is defined as the AD Continuum classified by pathophysiological biomarkers such as A (amyloid), T (tau), and N (neurodegeneration). In addition, biomarkers can
be used to make more detailed assessments of
neuropathological changes. Moreover, the development and verification of new biomarkers are progressing. Hence, we believe that in the near future, the pathophysiology of individual parties will be more accurately understood, and the optimal timing of intervention by each drug will be clarified.
With the accelerated approval of ADUHELMTM, we believe that the probability of developing a therapeutic treatment for AD by a new approach in line with the AD Continuum, in addition to treatments targeting Aβsuch as lecanemab, has increased. Eisai has multiple therapeutic drug candidates based on the AD Continuum.
Preclinical AD Early AD AD
A3 A45 MCI due to AD Mild AD Moderate AD Severe AD
  A
25

■ Investigational anti-microtubule binding region (MTBR) tau antibody E2814
Tau protein was discovered as a Microtubule- associated protein, mostly present in nerve cells and some in glial cells*. The main function of tau protein is the stabilization of microtubules in nerve cell axons. It is also known as an important molecule involved in axonal transport, regulation of signal transduction, and brain maturation. This tau protein is the main component of neurofibrils, which are one of the pathological changes in AD, and it is known that the spread of neurofibrils and the severity of cognitive dysfunction in AD are closely correlated.
An investigational anti-tau antibody, E2814 was discovered as part of the research collaboration between Eisai and University College London. E2814 targets tau seeds (tau transmission species), which
are known to propagate to different areas of the brain as the disease progresses, and cause tau lesions. It is expected to prevent further accumulation of neurofibrils in the brain and suppress disease progression. Eisai has confirmed an increase in MTBR tau in the AD brain and believes that the target for E2814 has been properly determined. The Phase I study is currently ongoing, and
preparations are underway to initiate the PhaseIIstudy. In addition, people with a gene mutation (dominantly
inherited Alzheimer’s disease: DIAD) have a tendency to develop AD at about the same age as their parents did. Less than 1% of the total AD population falls under this DIAD classification. The Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network Trials Unit (DIAN-TU) for DIAD is planning a clinical trial to evaluate three types of anti-tau drugs as a next-generation program targeting tau. E2814 has been selected as the first anti-tau therapy and Phase
IIstudies are scheduled. Dominantly inherited AD is expected to have a higher degree of homogeneity among people with the disease than sporadic AD; on the other hand, it is believed to be clinically similar to sporadic AD except for the early age of onset. The clinical trial of DIAN-TU aims to investigate the effects of these investigational drugs on the phosphorylation and agglutination of tau and the onset and progression of AD, including the reduction of nerve damage.
* A general term for cells that maintain the brain environment and provide metabolic support for the survival of nerve cells and the expression of developmental functions, and are not nerve cells among the cells that make up the nervous system.
  26
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021
Management Strategies Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Foundation for Company Introduction (R&D) (Access to Medicines) (Human Capital) Supporting Value Creation

 ■ TrkA binding synaptic regenerating agent investigational E2511
It is thought that in the brain of people with dementia, synapse dysfunction occurs and neural networks are reduced. Eisai is also working on projects to restore synaptic function and reactivate neurons in the brain.
Cholinergic neurons are known to be extremely vulnerable in the AD brain. TrkA (tropomyosin receptor kinase A) is a cell membrane receptor for NGF (Neuro growth factor), and its expression is localized to acetylcholine-active neurons in the basal forebrain. The binding of NGF to TrkA keeps acetylcholine-active
neurons alive.
Decreased expression of TrkA is observed in mild
cognitive impairment due to AD, but it has not led
to significant neuronal loss. Eisai’s low-molecular- weight compound, E2511, binds to TrkA and activates cholinergic nerve survival and synaptic regeneration signals. It is expected to activate damaged cholinergic neurons and to promote synaptic remodeling and neural networks reconstruction. A Phase I study is currently ongoing.
 ■ PDE9 inhibitor investigational E2027
Intracellular cGMP (Cyclic guanosine monophosphate) is known as an intracellular second messenger*
that plays a significant role in plasticity and cognitive function at synapses. PDE9 is an enzyme that breaks down cGMP. Its small molecule inhibitor, E2027, is expected to have a therapeutic effect on behavioral
Glutamatergic neural network
disorders and cognitive disorders associated with dementia with Lewy bodies by increasing cGMP in nerve cells. Currently, a PhaseIIstudy is underway.
* A substance that is newly created after a signal transmitter binds to a receptor and affects cell metabolism and changes
Hippocampus
      Glutamatergic neuron
cGMP: cyclic guanosine monophosphate GC: guanylyl cyclase
NO: nitric oxide
PKG: protein kinase G
DLB
Glutamatergic neuron
Synaptic region
 GTP
5’-GMP cGMP PDE9
GC
PKG
NMDA R
Glu Glu
Ca2+ NOS
5’-GMP
NO PDE9 cGMP
PKG
Glu
AMPA R
Na+
GC
GTP
 Pre-synaptic site
Post-synaptic site
• PDE9 is a principal enzyme to regulate metabolism of cGMP as a second messenger.
• E2027 would provide therapeutic benefits in cognitive impairment and neuropsychiatric symptoms by inhibiting PDE9.
 27

 Intellectual Capital Progress of Innovative Medicine Creation in Oncology Area 500 billion JPY level (Revenue target of Lenvima® for fiscal 2025)
Progress toward expansion of Lenvima® revenue and development of post-Lenvima® products
    ■ Lenvima®: Progress in the Partnership Model
1. Steady progress on collaboration and expansion of revenue
Eisai and Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. agreed upon a global strategic collaboration for Lenvima® in March 2018. The co-commercialization is currently progressing smoothly in 20 countries as of March 2021, and Lenvima®’s revenue forecast for fiscal 2021 is set at over 170 billion JPY.
Since the initiation of this collaboration, Eisai has recognized a total of 1,960 million USD payment from Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. as up-front, one-time option, milestone payments and reversal of R&D expenses. In addition, 450 million USD was received as reimbursement for R&D expenses in fiscal 2017.
●Revenue from Lenvima® (Billions of yen)
  ■Americas ■China ■EMEA ■Japan ■Asia/Latin America
133.9B JPY
120% YoY
12.2 6.5 fiscal 2020 results
172.0B JPY
128% YoY
12.5 8.0
fiscal 2021 forecast
 104.5
 26.5
 20.5
111.9B JPY 179% YoY
12.7 4.8 fiscal 2019 results
 81.0
 18.5
 15.8
 68.0
13.3
 13.1
        ●Recognition of payments under agreement with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A.
 Maximum of up to 5,760 million USD in total (approx. 611.0 billion JPY*)
▶ One-time payment: 950 million USD (approx. 101.0 billion JPY)
・Upfront payment: 300 million USD (approx. 32.0 billion JPY)
・One-time option payments associated with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. exercising certain option rights: 650 million USD (approx.
69.0 billion JPY)
▶ Reimbursement for R&D expenses: 450 million USD (approx. 48.0 billion JPY)
The deposits will be withdrawn as Eisai’s share of the R&D expenses concerning Lenvima® occurs, and then booked as the reversal of R&D expenses. ▶ Milestone payments: Maximum of up to 4,360 million USD in total (approx. 462.0 billion JPY)
・Clinical and regulatory milestones: Up to 385 million USD (approx. 41.0 billion JPY) Regulatory approval of indications in hepatocellular carcinoma or renal cell carcinoma, etc.
・Milestones associated with sales of Lenvima®: Maximum of up to 3,970 million USD (approx. 421.0 billion JPY)
*1 USD=106 JPY (Exchange rate at the time of contract conclusion)
●Recognized milestone payments as of March 31, 2021
 One-time payments
(Total 950 million USD)
Clinical and regulatory milestones
(Maximum of up to 385 million USD)
Sales-based milestones
(Maximum of up to 3,970 million USD)
 Up-front payment (Fiscal 2017)
 300 million USD
 Approval of hepatocellular carcinoma indication in Japan
(Fiscal 2017)
 25 million USD
 When revenue of 500 million USD was achieved
in fiscal 2018
 50 million USD
 One-time option payment (Fiscal 2018)
  325 million USD
  Approval of hepatocellular carcinoma indication in the U.S.
(Fiscal 2018)
  125 million USD
  When revenue of 800 million USD was achieved from January to December 2019
  150 million USD
 One-time option payment (Fiscal 2019)
200 million USD
Approval of hepatocellular carcinoma indication in Europe
(Fiscal 2018)
50 million USD
When revenue of 750 million USD was achieved
in fiscal 2019
150 million USD
 One-time option payment (Fiscal 2020)
 125 million USD
 Approval of reimbursement for hepatocellular carcinoma indication in Europe (Fiscal 2018)
 25 million USD
 When revenue of 1,000 million USD was achieved
in fiscal 2019
 200 million USD
     Approval of hepatocellular carcinoma indication in China
(Fiscal 2018)
  25 million USD
  When revenue of 1,200 million USD was achieved from January to December 2020
  200 million USD
   Approval of thyroid cancer indication in China (Fiscal 2020)
 10 million USD (Reversal of R&D expenses)
    Total receipts 1,960 million USD (of which 10 million USD is the reversal of R&D expenses)
  450 million USD was received in fiscal 2017 as a reimbursement for research and development expenses
28
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021
 Management Strategies Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Foundation for Company Introduction (R&D) (Access to Medicines) (Human Capital) Supporting Value Creation

 2. Clinical studies aimed at extending indications are progressing steadily (LEAP Study)
Clinical studies for combination therapies of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® are ongoing with 13 types of cancer. In addition to 13 studies that were originally planned at the time of the strategic partnership agreement with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., new studies aimed at further expansion of indication, such as hepatocellular carcinoma in combination with TACE*1, gastric cancer, colorectal cancer, and esophageal carcinoma, are underway. By obtaining indication in
multiple types of cancer, we aim to position this combination as a core therapy in cancer treatment. Furthermore, we plan to accelerate development of a basket trial targeting multiple types of cancer, now in the PhaseIIstudy, once promising results are obtained, and aim for an earlier submission.
*1 Transcatheter Arterial Chemoembolization: A therapy that selectively obstructs blood circulation to induce necrosis in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) by injecting embolization material into the hepatic artery that supplies nutrient blood to the tumor
●Approved indications for Lenvima® and further expansion of indications in combination with KEYTRUDA®
 Approved indications
Thyroid cancer 1L
Monotherapy Approved in over 70 countries
Renal cell carcinoma 2L
In combination with everolimus Approved in over 60 countries
Hepatocellular carcinoma 1L
Monotherapy Approved in over 70 countries
Endometrial carcinoma
In combination with KEYTRUDA® Approved in over 10 countries
Thymic cancer
Monotherapy Approved in Japan
Studies for indication expansion in combination with KEYTRUDA®
     Renal cell carcinoma 1L
Endometrial carcinoma FPST*2
   Non-squamous cell carcinoma Combination with chemotherapy
Urothelial carcinoma 1L
Hepatocellular carcinoma 1L Combination with TACE
Head and neck cancer 1L
Head and neck cancer 2L
       3. Progress in clinical development of the combination therapy of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® in renal cell carcinoma and endometrial carcinoma
The Phase III study of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® combination in first-line therapy for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma demonstrated statistically significant improvements in the primary endpoint of progression-free survival (PFS), and in the key secondary endpoints of overall survival (OS) and objective response rate (ORR) versus sunitinib. Based on the outcomes of the study, applications for advanced renal cell carcinoma indication have been submitted in Japan, the United States, and the EU. In the United States, priority review was granted with a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) action date on August 25, 2021.
In the PhaseIIIstudy in patients with advanced endometrial carcinoma who had previously been
treated with at least one prior platinum-based chemotherapy regimen in any setting, regardless of treatment line, Lenvima® in combination with KEYTRUDA® demonstrated statistically significant improvements in the primary endpoint of PFS as well as OS, and in the secondary endpoints of ORR versus chemotherapy (investigator’s choice of doxorubicin or paclitaxel). Based on the results of the study, applications for advanced endometrial carcinoma have been submitted in Japan, the United States, and the EU. In the United States, the FDA approved it for the treatment of patients with advanced endometrial carcinoma* on July 22, 2021.
* Advanced endometrial carcinoma that is not microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR), and progressed following prior systemic therapy in any setting in patients who are not candidates for curative surgery or radiation.
29
Endometrial carcinoma 1L
Melanoma 2L Non-small cell lung cancer 2L
   Hepatocellular carcinoma 1L
Melanoma 1L Non-small cell lung cancer 1L
Basket trial in multiple cancer types
Gastric cancer, colorectal cancer, glioblastoma, biliary tract cancer, and pancreatic cancer
Colorectal cancer 3L
Esophageal
    1L: First line, 2L: Second line, 3L: Third line
Discontinued clinical trial for PD-L1 positive non-small cell lung cancer
Gastric cancer 1L
Combination with chemotherapy
carcinoma 1L
Combination with chemotherapy
*2 Following Prior Systemic Treatment

 Major mechanism of efficacy of anti-PD-1 antibody enhanced by Lenvima® (Non-clinical studies)
Lenvima® is a dual inhibitor that exerts its anti-tumor effect by inhibiting VEGFR, which is involved in angiogenesis, and FGFR, which is involved in resistance to anti-VEGFR therapy. Recent non-clinical studies have shown that VEGFR not only inhibits angiogenesis, but also regulates the immune system. Studies showed
that antitumor activity of the anti-PD-1 antibody was enhanced with Lenvima® by reducing tumor-associated macrophages (TAM) which are cells that cancer cells activate to protect themselves and inhibit the attack of cytotoxic T cells and increasing activated cytotoxic T cells, which attack cancer cells.
 ■The mechanism of tumor associated macrophages
Tumor associated macrophages
Inhibits action
 Anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-L1
Cancer Weakened cells attack
PD-1
Cytotoxic T cells
Tumor associated macrophages are cells that cancer cells activate to protect themselves and inhibit the attack of cytotoxic T cells
■The mechanism of Lenvima®
 Anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-L1
Cancer cells
Attack more strongly
PD-1
Cytotoxic T cells
Tumor associated macrophages
Inhibits action
Lenvima®
  Lenvima® activates cytotoxic T cells by inhibiting the action of tumor associated macrophages, which results in attacking the cancer cells more strongly
 ■Self-protection of cancer cells against cytotoxic T cells
PD-L1 PD-1
Weakened Cytotoxic Cancer attack T cells
cells
To protect themselves, cancer cells inhibit the action of cytotoxic T cells attacking cancer cells through the binding between PD-1 and PD-L1
■The work of anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-1
Attack
Cytotoxic T cells
The anti-PD-1 antibody releases the brake on the cytotoxic T cells by inhibiting the binding between PD-1and PD-L1, which results in attacking the cancer cells
 Anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-L1
 Cancer cells
  Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A.’s Statement on Collaboration with Eisai
Our strategic collaboration with Eisai is grounded in our shared goals of improving outcomes for cancer patients and arming physicians with new treatments in their fight against cancer. Over the past year, we have further demonstrated the breadth of the KEYTRUDA® and Lenvima® combination’s potential through our joint clinical development program, which continues to accelerate following the first FDA approval for the combination in advanced endometrial carcinoma (EC) in 2019. Our collaborative efforts have yielded practice-changing data, including from two pivotal Phase III studies demonstrating improved survival outcomes in the first-line treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma and in previously treated patients with advanced EC, resulting in the FDA’s acceptance of our submission of applications in May 2021, and the FDA approved for the treatment of patients with advanced EC* in July 2021. We are also expecting additional Phase III data to read out this year. Together, we look forward to continuing to advance research exploring the KEYTRUDA® and Lenvima® combination to help even more people facing difficult-to-treat cancers.
* Advanced endometrial carcinoma that is not Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) or Mismatch Repair Deficient (dMMR), and progressed following prior systemic therapy in any setting in patients who are not candidates for curative surgery or radiation.
Dr. Vicki Goodman
Vice President, Therapeutic Area Head, Late Stage Oncology
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A.
 ■ Medicine Creation Strategy Based on the Cancer Evolution in Cancer Continuum
Progression of cancer is classified as ultra-early cancer, early cancer, advanced cancer, and drug resistant cancer. At each stage, cancer gene mutation that correspond to canceration, proliferation, infiltration, recurrence, metastasis, drug resistance and so on, exists. Our next-generation medicine creation strategy is aimed at curing cancer by identifying these mutations through liquid biopsy (a biological test using blood as a sample), finding the appropriate target for medicine creation, offering cancer treatment suitable for each patient, and leading to the development of precision medicine.
In January 2020, Eisai entered into a joint research and development agreement with Personal Genome Diagnostics Inc. (U.S.) for a cancer genetics panel test. In this joint research and development project, we utilize liquid biopsy to create a cancer gene panel test kit that enables comprehensive analysis of mutations in more than 500 cancer genes. Based on these strategies, we will use various analysis methods such as AI algorithms based on the vast amount of human biology obtained from the clinical trials we are currently working on, and will utilize most of Eisai's own data for medicine creation.
30
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021
Management Strategies Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Foundation for Company Introduction (R&D) (Access to Medicines) (Human Capital) Supporting Value Creation

 1. Medicine creation for ultra-early cancer/early cancer stage
Induction of neoantigen*1
H3 Biomedicine Inc. (H3B), our research and
development subsidiary based in Boston, U.S., and
Bristol-Myers Squibb (U.S.) are collaborating on
research to advance novel therapeutics leveraging
*2
WNT/beta-catenin inhibitor investigational E7386* Beta-catenin has long been known to be a factor that rapidly accelerates the malignancy of cancer. Due to
the high difficulty of drug discovery, which requires drug design to inhibit protein-protein interactions, it was
made a part of the drug discovery target known as Cancer Big 4, along with K-RAS variants, MYC, and p53 variants. In collaboration with PRSIM BioLab Co., Ltd., Eisai has utilized the drug discovery chemical capability accumulated through experience to date, and successfully developed an orally available E7386, which inhibits WNT-signal dependent canceration and cancer cell proliferation, by blocking transcription through inhibiting protein interactions of CBP andβ-catenin.
cancer cells, and increase the reactivity of immuno- checkpoint inhibitors.
*1 A mutant antigen born along with cancer cell-specific genetic information and editing abnormalities. It is not expressed in normal cells, but only found in cancer cells. The more neoantigens cancer cells contain, the more immunogenicity is observed, and the greater the likelihood of becoming a target of immune cell attacks.
*2 Molecular editing to remove unnecessary parts from genetic information
A PhaseIstudy is ongoing for this agent. Since abnormalities in WNT/β-catenin signaling pathways have been observed in various types of cancer, particularly from the early stage of occurrence of cancer, E7386 is expected to be a treatment not only for advanced cancer but also for early stages of cancer. Also, in non-clinical studies, combination activities of Lenvima® have been confirmed, and a Phase I clinical trial in combination with Lenvima® is ongoing.
Furthermore, preclinical studies suggest that the Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway is also involved in the resistance to immune checkpoint inhibitors.
* Co-development with PRISM BioLab Co., Ltd.
H3B’s RNA splicing platform. The two companies are conducting research to induce neoantigens in specific
●Medicine creation strategy based on progression of cancer (Cancer Continuum) and gene mutation
  Liquid biopsy
Ultra-early cancer Early cancer
Induction of neoantigen (Splicing modulator) Modulation of Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway (E7386)
Targeting FGFR-dependent cancers
Targeting proteins present in cancer, which are difficult to treat with conventional small molecule inhibitors
Targeting cancer microenvironment that is immunosuppressive
ERα inhibitor targeting existing-therapy-resistance by covalent inhibition
Establish as standard of therapy by leveraging immunomodulatory activity of Lenvima®
Advanced cancer Drug resistant cancer
Enhance response to tumor immunity
Targeting cell population that has initial gene mutation in canceration
FGFR inhibitors (E7090)
Proteolysis Targeting Chimeras (PROTACs) (Protein Degrader)
Tumor vessel remodeling, tumor stroma improvement (MORAb-202, liposomal formulation of eribulin, and E7130)
ERα inhibitors (H3B-6545)
VEGFR and FGFR dual inhibitor Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA®
  Canceration/proliferation/gene mutation associated with infiltration
        Aim at curing cancer by understanding individual cancer evolution
from the “ultra-early cancer” stage to the “Drug resistant cancer” stage by creation of precision medicine
2. Medicine creation for Cancer Continuum from early to drug resistance stage
Eisai’s in-house discovered novel FGFR inhibitor E7090
Discovered in-house by Eisai’s Tsukuba Research Laboratories, E7090 is an orally available novel tyrosine kinase inhibitor that demonstrates selective inhibitory activity against fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFR) FGFR1, FGFR2, and FGFR3. In a kinetic interaction analysis, it was observed that E7090 demonstrates antitumor activities due to the inhibition of kinase activity with a novel binding mode (Type V) that exhibits rapid
and potent binding as well as high selectivity to FGFR. A PhaseIIclinical trial of E7090 is ongoing in Japan
and China to evaluate efficacy and safety in patients with cholangio carcinoma harboring FGFR2 gene fusion. A Phase I clinical trial of E7090 is also ongoing in Japan in patients with estrogen receptor-positive and HER2-negative breast cancer.
31
Recurrence/metastasis/gene mutation associated with treatment resistance

Proteolysis Targeting Chimeras (PROTACs) (Protein Degrader)
Eisai has entered into a collaborative research agreement with the University of Dundee in Scotland, UK, in July 2019, and with Tokyo University in October 2020, regarding protein degraders. Protein Degraders consist of two covalently linked protein-binding molecules: one capable of engaging a ubiquitin ligase (E3 ligase) and another that binds to a target protein
meant for degradation. Protein Degraders work by recruiting an E3 ligase to tag the target protein for ubiquitination for degradation through the intracellular degradation system. It is hoped that research into Protein Degraders will lead to new medicine creations for proteins present in cancer, which are difficult to treat with conventional small molecule inhibitors.
Platform originated from in-house developed Halaven®Halaven® (generic name: eribulin) is an in-house microtubule dynamics inhibitor, which was developed as a result of Eisai’s remarkable capability in synthetic chemistry. The origin of medicine creation of Halaven® is halichondrin B, which is a strong antitumor substance, extracted from the marine organism Halichondria okadai. Development of new drugs is underway utilizing assets obtained from development of this innovative product, Halaven®.
1. MORAb-202
MORAb-202 is Eisai’s unique ADC, which conjugated the in-house developed anti-folate receptorαantibody farletuzumab and eribulin, which acts on the tumor microenvironment. Currently, a PhaseIstudy is ongoing in Japan and a PhaseI/IIstudy is ongoing in the United States. This agent is expected to show efficacy in cancers such as ovarian cancer that overexpresses folate receptor α, and in the tumor microenvironment to demonstrate antitumor activity.
In June 2021, Eisai entered into an exclusive strategic alliance agreement with Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS, U.S.) for MORAb-202. Under this agreement, the two companies will jointly develop and commercialize
MORAb-202 in the collaboration territories, i.e., Japan, China, Asia-Pacific countries*, the United States, Canada, Europe (such as the European Union and the United Kingdom) and Russia. 650 million USD was paid by BMS to Eisai at the time of signing of the contract. Of this amount, 200 million USD will be used for future research and development of this drug at Eisai. Eisai will also receive up to 2,450 million USD in development, regulatory and sales milestones.
With the formation of this partnership, MORAb-202
development will be accelerated, and it is expected that
it will be possible to make a greater contribution to
patients.
* South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Philippines, Vietnam, Laos, Thailand, Cambodia, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, India, Australia, New Zealand
2. Eribulin liposomal formulation and E7130
Eisai is developing a liposomal formulation designed to increase the accumulation inside cancer cells by encapsulating eribulin in lipids, and E7130, a total synthetic medium molecular compound of halichondrin B. The eribulin liposomal formulation is under PhaseI study in Japan and Europe, and E7130 is under Phase
Istudy in Japan. Selective estrogen receptor (ER) alpha covalent antagonist H3B-6545
Investigational H3B-6545 is an orally available covalent antagonistic ER inhibitor antagonist developed by H3B, and a PhaseIIstudy is ongoing for this agent. Hormone receptor positive breast cancer accounts for about 70% of all breast cancers. Through the long-term usage of aromatase inhibitors, one of the hormone treatments, a drug-resistant ERα gene mutation occurs in about 30% of hormone-positive breast cancer.
Investigational H3B-6545 has a new drug profile
different from existing profiles, that covalently binds to both wild-type and mutant ERα, to inhibit downstream signals and suppress the growth of breast cancer cells. Therefore, this agent is expected to become an agent that can be administrated to patients with hormone receptor positive tumors for a longer period. Currently, PhaseI/IIclinical studies in patients with breast cancer are ongoing.
32
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021