Global Marketing Activities
75 The number of countries and areas where we conduct marketing activities
Maximizing the meeting of needs while taking regional characteristics into account
  Based on the “hhc” corporate philosophy, Eisai aims to elucidate the true needs that are latent in patients, their families, and medical personnel, and to bring about the meeting of unmet medical needs by marketing activities that take account of regional characteristics.Americas
Oncology business group growth, pipeline advancements, and ongoing innovation in patient/ medical community support
 Oncology’s commitment to the “hhc” mission has never been stronger as we continue innovating on behalf of patients.
The growth versus prior year was driven by Lenvima®, with a total of 20,000 patients treated in the U.S. Total demand for Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® combination therapy continues to increase significantly, with its administration to over 7,000 new patients, including patients with certain types of advanced endometrial cancer* (EC). We are confident in the continued growth of our existing indications and have begun preparations for new approvals based on positive pivotal trial results presented at major medical congresses such as Genitourinary Cancers Symposium (ASCO-GU) about renal cell carcinoma and Society of Gynecologic Oncology (SGO) about EC, and potentially hepatocellular, melanoma, and lung cancers in addition. Through Eisai’s commercial activities, we seek to keep the patient at the center and to increase impact through innovation and partnerships.
* Advanced endometrial carcinoma that is not Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) or Mismatch Repair Deficient (dMMR), and progressed following prior systemic therapy in any setting in patients who are not candidates for curative surgery or radiation
Teresa Cronin
Senior Director,
Corporate Advocacy and Americas Region hhc Administrator,
Eisai Inc.
The Eisai Oncology Business Group has recently launched two high impact patient support initiatives in the U.S., focused on driving disease awareness and providing educational support in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and EC. In HCC, the “Culture of Care” campaign was launched to address disparities of healthcare in Asian American and Latinx communities. This campaign was developed with input from patient advocates within each of these communities, and consists of unbranded education with a focus on overall liver health and liver cancer risk. It includes non-verbal resources and live educational events.
A second initiative is “Spot Her,” an initiative to drive awareness of the signs and symptoms of EC, which is the 4th most common women’s cancer with 65,000 cases per year. The initiative was launched in partnership with SHARE Cancer Support (SHARE), Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empowered (FORCE) and Black Health Matters to raise awareness of this common, yet under-recognized, women’s cancer. The Spot Her initiative aims to embrace the power of every woman’s voice to take a stand on this important women’s health issue, and provide support,
35
education and community.
In addition to patient outreach, the extended
oncology team quickly adapted to the new ways of working to maintain high engagement with health care professionals (HCPs) across multiple channels in fiscal 2020 amid COVID-19. The team’s agile efforts included the development of new digital connectivity platforms, remote peer-to-peer forums programs, and improving connectivity initiatives to ensure that valuable collaboration with the medical community was not lost. In addition, as a company, we have continued to invest in our team’s skills and development, including ensuring that our sales associates are equipped to be successful in a hybrid live and digital interaction environment. We have rolled out new field playbooks and well-received virtual coaching and training summits.
Our collective team, comprised of our field-based
associates and home office colleagues in marketing, legal, compliance, and information technology, developed strategies for digital engagement solutions to further optimize how we connect with HCPs. We are rolling out a new platform “Eisai Engage” in early fiscal 2021, offering HCPs a virtual option to connect with Eisai sales associates, medical science liaisons, and medical information. We designed a digital destination that will facilitate our engagement with customers on an on-demand basis by providing easy access to critical tools and resources about Lenvima® and other brands. We are planning to add digital tools to support patients, caregivers, and HCPs in their journey with Lenvima®. Our strategy is aligned with the medium-term business plan ‘EWAY Future & Beyond’ to create solutions based on scientific evidence, including digital therapeutics to support prevention, management, and treatment of diseases. Our new Eisai Engage platform
The Eisai Oncology Business Group has an exciting runway ahead of it, with a robust pipeline and multiple forecasted near-term launches. The collaboration with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. for Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® combination
therapy currently has over 20 clinical studies underway, across 13 tumor types.
We remain committed to scientific innovation, as well as providing innovative solutions to support the medical community and oncology patients.
36
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021