Social and Relationship Capital
28 countries
2.02 billion tablets
Striving to tackle global health issues by utilizing partnerships
Improving Access to Medicines (ATM)
  Number of countries supplied with lymphatic filariasis treatment DEC tablets and volume supplied
(as of the end of fiscal 2020)
   “We want to deliver as many necessary medicines as possible and nurture hope in as many people as possible.” Putting this wish into practice, Eisai is engaged in activities for improving Access to Medicines (ATM) in developing and emerging countries.
■ Contributing Towards the Achievement of the SDGs Through Initiatives for ATM
Eisai is engaged in activities for improving ATM, with the aim of ensuring that people in developing and emerging countries receive the medicines they need. ATM is a basic need for all people regardless of nationality, economic status, or social standing. Today, approximately 2 billion* people around the world do not have adequate ATM, most of whom are the poor in developing and emerging countries who also lack proper information about health and diseases.
Eisai believes that improving ATM in developing and
emerging countries is a long-term investment that will support the health of the people living in these countries and ultimately lead to the future growth of these nations as a whole. Eisai utilizes many methods, including the supply of products at affordable prices as well as public-private partnerships, as it continues to implement various ATM initiatives through its unique business models.
* Source: Access to Medicine Index
▶ https://accesstomedicinefoundation.org/
■ Efforts to Eliminate Neglected Tropical Diseases amid COVID-19: Collaboration with Partners
Lymphatic filariasis (LF) is a neglected tropical disease (NTD) transmitted to humans via carrier mosquitoes. It is estimated that approximately 893 million people worldwide, mainly those in developing countries, are exposed to the risk of LF. The World Health Organization (WHO) conducts mass drug administrations (MDAs) in endemic areas in order to eliminate LF. Eisai is committed to supplying diethylcarbamazine (DEC) tablets, one of the three types of LF medicines used in the MDAs, to LF endemic countries that need DEC until LF is eliminated in these countries.
In 2013, Eisai obtained WHO prequalification for DEC tablets and commenced production at its Vizag Plant in India. Since then, Eisai has been providing DEC tablets. However, due to the WHO’s recommendation for avoiding crowds during MDA amid the global spread of
Eisai employees at Vizag Plant socializing with LF patient MDA support in Myanmar
COVID-19, NTD elimination activities were postponed. As a result, the number of DEC tablets provided free of charge via the WHO to 28 LF endemic countries was 2.02 billion (as of the end of fiscal 2020) and could not reach the 2.2 billion tablets target that was agreed on in November 2010. Despite the challenging circumstances, each country was very eager to eliminate NTDs, and Eisai supported implementation of MDAs in Kenya and Myanmar in fiscal 2020. In Kenya, Eisai contributed to resumption of elimination activities by providing masks and disinfectants for the infection prevention measures of local staff who implement MDA. Also, masks and Personal Protection Equipment were provided via Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi), Eisai’s research and development partner, to infectious disease research institutions in 6 African countries.
Thank you letter for provision of masks and Personal Protection Equipment
   39
■ Installation of Water Tanks in Kenya for Supplying Clean Water
In addition to the free provision of DEC tablets and support for MDAs, Eisai has also provided water tanks in collaboration with Merck KGaA (Germany) to supply clean water. The tanks were installed in the NTD- endemic areas, designated by the Ministry of Health of Kenya, where it is difficult to secure clean water.
When LF becomes severe, it causes lymphatic dysfunction that leads to swelling of body parts such as legs, and affected body parts become susceptible to bacteria. In order to make water tanks easily accessible for local residents, the tanks were installed next to local schools, and both residents and schools are able to
■ 10 Years of Progress Toward LF Elimination
After agreeing to provide DEC tablets free of charge to the WHO in November 2010, Eisai became the only Japanese company to participate in the London Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases, the largest public-private partnership in the field of global health, to eliminate 10 NTDs. Eisai started the development of DEC tablets in 2010 and received prequalification from the WHO in 2013. Since obtaining prequalification, Eisai has been manufacturing and supplying the DEC tablets from its Vizag Plant in India. At the 5th anniversary event of the London Declaration in April 2017, Eisai announced that it would continue to provide DEC tablets to endemic countries that need DEC until LF is eliminated in these countries.
In addition, to commemorate the 5th Anniversary of the London Declaration, efforts by donor companies were officially acknowledged in the form of a Guinness World Record for “Most medication donated in 24 hours.” The total number of treatments was 207 million. This was accomplished thanks to the combined efforts of donor company drug production facilities, including
■ R&D through Partnership
Eisai proactively undertakes research on pharmaceuticals for treating NTDs and for the three major infectious diseases (acquired immunodeficiency syndrome [HIV/ AIDS], tuberculosis, and malaria). These diseases strike people with low incomes in developing countries, preventing them from working. This in turn leads to a negative cycle of poverty in which people become incapacitated due to disease and become even poorer, and international efforts are needed to tackle this significant global health issue. In response, Eisai is currently conducting various projects aimed at developing new treatments for mycetoma, filariasis, Chagas disease and leishmaniasis as well as malaria and tuberculosis. Undertaking research activities for these diseases requires specific expertise, technologies and
access clean water. Also, having a clean water supply helped to make hand washing a habit and contributed to COVID-19 prevention measures.
  The tanks installed next to local schools
Children lining up at the water tanks
Eisai’s Vizag Plant, as well as various NTD elimination partners. Eisai will continue to work with partners for LF patients and their families.
Eisai has created videos to commemorate the 10th anniversary of LF elimination activities. “Leave No One Behind—Diseases of Neglected People,” an animation video created in 2020, won the Animation Award at the International Society for Neglected Tropical Diseases (ISNTD) Festival 2021.
Please visit the following link to watch the award-winning animation
▶ https://www.eisai.com/sustainability/movie/index.html
Please visit the following link to watch Eisai’s LF elimination activities over the past 10 years
▶ https://www.eisai.com/sustainability/atm/lymphaticfilariasis.html
clinical study experience, in addition to networks with clinical facilities in endemic regions. For these reasons, Eisai is actively engaged in external collaborations, such as partnerships with global research organizations, and is participating in international consortiums to share compound libraries across all projects.
In collaboration with DNDi, Eisai carried out the BENDITA study (a combination study of fosravuconazole [E1224] and benznidazole) in Bolivia to study its in-house discovered antifungal agent E1224 as a candidate for a new treatment for Chagas disease. Although the clinical trial could not verify combination therapy’s efficacy compared to monotherapy of benznidazole, it contributed to evidence creation for a potential new standard of treatment as incidence of
  40
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021
Management Strategies Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Foundation for Company Introduction (R&D) (Access to Medicines) (Human Capital) Supporting Value Creation

   side effects, an issue associated with monotherapy of benznidazole, decreased. It is expected that the treatment access will be improved by significantly shortening the administration period, and the results of the study were published in the Lancet, one of the world’s 5 leading medical journals.
Eisai is also aiming to develop E1224 as a new drug for fungal mycetoma, one of the most neglected diseases. Mycetoma is transmitted through pricks in the skin and causes large lesions. Currently, Eisai is conducting a PhaseII/IIIstudy in partnership with the DNDi in Sudan, one of the countries where the disease is most prevalent, and is engaging in disease awareness activities. Since February 2019, in cooperation with the international non-governmental organization Association
●NTDs/Infectious diseases research project portfolio (as of July 2021)
for Aid and Relief, Japan (AAR Japan), Eisai has been implementing awareness activities in relation to knowledge of mycetoma and the importance of early treatment, as well as initiatives that promote patients’ early diagnosis and treatment at medical institutions in Sudan. Eisai also commissioned AAR Japan to conduct a patient medical awareness survey.
Malaria, which infects approximately 230 million people and kills more than 400 thousand people per year, is still a serious infectious disease. In recent years, resistance to existing drugs has been reported, and the development of new drugs has become an urgent task. Eisai is pursuing a PhaseIIstudy with the aim of developing a new drug against malaria in partnership with the University of Kentucky in the United States and the Swiss non-profit Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV).
        Early research stage
Non-clinical
     Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs)
Chagas Disease
Leishmaniasis
Chagas vaccine
(using immunostimulant E6020) 1
Chagas vaccine
(using immunostimulant E6020) 4
Clinical
 Exploratory research on Trypanosoma PDE inhibitors 2
 Screening of novel compounds 3
   DNDI-6174 5
    Filariasis
AWZ1066S 6
   Mycetoma
E1224 Eumycetoma project (PhaseII/III study) 7
     Inhibitor of DHODH 8
BRD5018 13
SJ733 (PhaseIIstudy) 18
  3 Major Infectious Diseases
Malaria
Screening of novel compounds 9
Malaria vaccine
(using immunostimulant E6020) 10
E1511 14
  TLR9 antagonist
for cerebral Malaria 15
  Inhibitors of
Iysyl t-RNA synthetase 11
E209 16
  Exploratory research on prophylaxis by ASOs 12
SJ733 (Intravenous injection) 17
   Tuberculosis (TB)
Inhibitor of tryptophan synthase 19
   R&D Consortium for NTDs and 3 major infectious diseases
R&D Consortium for Pandemic and Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR)
WIPO Re:Search 20 Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator 22
COVID-19 Therapeutics Accelerator 24
NTD Drug Discovery Booster 21 TB Drug Accelerator 20
AMR Screening Consortium 25
         ■Main partners of the projects
1,10,15 Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz) (Brazil)
2 Universidad Nacional de La Plata (UNLP) (Argentina)
3,5,7,21 Drugs for Neglected Disease initiative (DNDi) (Switzerland)
4 Sabin Vaccine Institute (U.S.)
6,16 Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine (U.K.), University of Liverpool (U.K.) 8,13 Broad Institute (U.S.), Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) (Switzerland) 9,14 Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) (Switzerland)
11 University of Dundee (U.K.), Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) (Switzerland)
12 University of California, San Diego (U.S.)
17,18 University of Kentucky (U.S.), Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) (Switzerland)
19 Broad Institute (U.S.), Colorado State University (U.S.), University of Chicago (U.S.)
20 World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) (Switzerland), BIO Ventures for Global Health(BVGH)
(U.S.)
22,23,24 Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (U.S.)
25 Global Antibiotic Research and Development Partnership (GARDP) (Switzerland)
Please visit the following link for details on projects ▶ https://www.eisai.com/sustainability/atm/research.html
■ Pricing Policy That Emphasizes Affordability
Eisai has formulated various flexible pricing policies that enable patients in developing and emerging countries to purchase Eisai’s products at affordable prices. For anticancer agents Lenvima® and Halaven®, Eisai has
introduced tiered pricing in India. In this model, cost of treatment is set at several tiers, including free provision, in accordance with the income level of the patients and availability of health insurance. Furthermore, Eisai is
41

supporting patients who are economically Asian countries, Halaven® in 7 countries and Fycompa® disadvantaged to help them access treatments by in Indonesia.
introducing Patient Access Programs for Lenvima® in 8
■ Enhancement of Corporate Value and Solutions to Social Issues Through Initiatives for Improving ATM Input Output Outcome
      Intellectual capital
●Accumulation of knowledge from drug creation activities over many yearsHuman capital
●Employees’ strong motivation to contribute to patients’ well-being supported by the “hhc” philosophyProduction capital
●Utilization of the Vizag Plant in India for low-cost productionSocial and Relationship capital
●Economic growth in developing and emerging countries due to improvement of health and welfare, and increase in middle-income class
●Enhancement in the value of Eisai’s corporate brandHuman capital
●Improvement in employees’ skills and motivationFinancial capital
●Reduced cost of manufacturing due to increased operation rate at the Vizag Plant
●(Very long-term perspective) Profits created through businesses in developing and emerging countries●Supply of LF treatment DEC tablets free of charge
●Activities for raising awareness of lymphatic filariasis
●Supply of products based on affordable and tiered pricing strategies
     Social and Relationship capital
●Partnership with the WHO or international research institutionsFinancial capital
●Strong balance sheet For the purpose of facilitating the improvement of ATM, Eisai utilizes many different types of capital as inputs and converts them into many different forms of output (products and services), such as DEC tablets, through business activities. As a result, we pursue the creation of positive outcomes such as the improvement of health, welfare and economic growth by increasing the size of the middle-income populations in developing countries and emerging countries. Eisai also seeks to enhance the value of its corporate brand, improve employees’ skills and motivation, and reduce costs by increasing the operation rate of the Vizag Plant, as
positive internal outcomes. Eisai believes that efforts to improve ATM will increase capital to an extent that is greater than the amount of input, through the creation of added value. Eisai’s initiatives for improving ATM go beyond the framework of CSR activities and aim at creating long-term value. Supplying DEC tablets free of charge will initially be a loss, and will thus negatively affect profits and ROE in the short term. However, from a very long-term perspective, we anticipate that it will boost our net present value (NPV) to a positive level through the creation of the outcomes described above.
■ Highly Evaluated Eisai’s Initiatives for Improving ATM
The Access to Medicine Foundation, an international non-profit organization which analyses how the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies are addressing access to medicine, biennially researches and publishes the Access to Medicine Index. In 2021, Eisai was ranked 11th. Eisai has been participating in the Instrumental Access initiative by Seeding Labs, a non- profit organization, since 2015. Instrumental Access donates equipment, a powerful means for R&D, to support capacity building in developing countries where resources are in short supply. Eisai became a Gold level equipment donor by providing equipment to 38,000 scientists and students in 46 universities in 19 countries. The Instrumental Access initiative was featured as a Best Practice for R&D Capacity Building in the 2021 Access to Medicine Index. The collaboration of pharmaceutical companies including Eisai, received
very positive evaluation. Eisai’s activities for the SDGs including efforts to control NTDs are featured in numerous mass media, and are attracting attention from outside the company.
In addition, Eisai has been selected for inclusion in the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index as a company with outstanding ESG ratings, and has maintained an AA ranking in the ESG Index for 8 consecutive years since 2014. In this Index, the area of Access to Health Care was highlighted as one of Eisai’s strengths.
 42
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021