Human Capital Human Capital Strategy
D&I Diversified human resources to build trust and enhance social value
Formulated Eisai Diversity and Inclusion 2021, covering the period up to fiscal 2030
  ■ External Evaluations for Human Capital
Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) selected Eisai for inclusion in the New Diversity Management Selection 100, particularly for its active participation by diverse human resources such as women and employees of foreign nationalities, realization of diverse career paths, and reform of work styles and management. We are also certified as a Child-rearing Support Company by the Tokyo Labor Bureau of the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW). With regard to female workers’ empowerment, we have been continuously selected over several years for inclusion in the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN), which the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) has adopted, and Morningstar Inc. ranked Eisai in the top quintile of companies included in global and Japanese Gender Diversity Indices (GenDi). In addition, Eisai received a special prize for implementing new working styles in response to the COVID-19 pandemic at the Platinum Career Award 2021, which was initially
■ Talent Strategy
Eisai’s talent strategy is to develop human resources who cultivate confidence and pride through proactive and challenging work, and voluntarily contribute to the creation of new value with a strong appreciation of Eisai’s corporate philosophy. We aim to form borderless
established with the aim of commending companies that aspire to provide opportunities for employees to develop their careers and play active roles.
With the aim of protecting the health of our
employees, Eisai and the Eisai Health Insurance Society
have established the Collaborative Health Project, and
support employees’ health in cooperation with
occupational health physicians, medical staff and other
relevant parties. The Ministry of Economy, Trade and
Industry selected Eisai for inclusion in the “White 500”
(Top 500 Health and Productivity Management
Organizations) in the large enterprise category based on
its initiatives in line with local health issues and initiatives
to improve employees’ health. In June 2019, we issued
the Eisai Health Declaration, and achieved no smoking
at all offices by October 2020, as key strategies to
improve employees’ healthcare literacy.
* Morningstar Inc. provides various services in Japan through Ibbotson Associates Japan, Inc. and Morningstar Japan K.K.
talent groups that can actively engage with people regardless of time or place, build trust, and continue to create innovation while adapting to changes.
Toward this end, we promote our talent strategy from a global viewpoint.
      ■ Establishment of a Global Talent Management System
Eisai formulated Eisai Global Talent Management Policy in 2016, and it has instilled this policy, which proactively embraces diversity and inclusion, and leads to full understanding of patients’ needs and to the Company’s innovation. Incorporating in the policy the idea of acquiring talented people who sympathize with the
“hhc” mindset, and finding and cultivating talent who can develop new business opportunities, Eisai clarified globally that the collaboration by diverse human resources who demonstrate their individual strengths is essential to realizing the “hhc” philosophy.
43
 Eisai Global Talent Management Policy
Eisai employees understand patients’ true needs through a process of “Socialization”, giving them a strong driving force for innovation; they then think about where and how to put this innovation into practice in order to meet these needs
We endeavor to provide meaningful work that offers innovation and development opportunities
We foster the development of a corporate culture free from discrimination or harassment, which embraces diversity & inclusion, and encourages taking on challenges and achieving success through trial and error We attract and recruit outstanding human talent from around the world who identify with the “hhc” mindset to maximize the satisfaction of patients and consumers
We find and develop talent who can observe the current real world (in terms of trends, presentations at academic conferences, etc.) and identify new business opportunities (including timing) rather than adhering to the status quo
■ Cultivation of Global Talent
Our greatest strength is the successful instilling of our corporate philosophy, which ensures that management policy and corporate strategies are fully understood by our global employees. The basis for our human resource development is understanding and appreciation of the “hhc” philosophy, and the company creates various opportunities for “Socialization” where employees spend time with patients in training programs at different levels. We are carrying out more than 500 contribution activities globally with the aim of instilling the “hhc” philosophy.
In addition, Eisai implements selective human resource development programs called the E-GOLD Program, led by the CEO, and the E-ACE Program, led by the CTO (Chief Talent Officer), every year to cultivate global leaders.
We also support employee exchange and foster a sense of unity within the Eisai group through the Global
●Global leadership development programs
Mobility Program. Approximately 80 employees who have already experienced the program have developed their capabilities and have now become active as global business leaders. As approximately half of the participants are from foreign countries, the program helps to strengthen awareness of the importance of diversity among our employees in Japan.
Scene from the E-GOLD Program held online
     E-GOLD Program
For all employees of Eisai Network companies Initiated in 2007
166 participated (Including 15 executive officers)
 E-ACE Program
For all employees of Eisai Network companies Initiated in 2016
56 participated
TOP Management
Officers & Executives
Senior Directors
Middle Managers
Individual Talents
“hhc” Socialization
    Global Mobility Program
For all employees of Eisai Network companies Initiated in 2013
42 from Eisai Co., Ltd. and
35 from subsidiaries outside Japan participated
      MBA Program
Mainly for employees of Eisai Co., Ltd. Initiated in 1970
66 participated
 Career Development Program
For employees in Japan
  E-WIN Program
For female employees
 EJ Global Challenge (EJGC) Program
For employees of pharmaceutical business in Japan (Eisai Japan)
Initiated in 2015
43 participated
    Job Challenge Program
For employees in Japan
Internal Internship
For employees in Japan
44
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021
Management Strategies Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Foundation for Company Introduction (R&D) (Access to Medicines) (Human Capital) Supporting Value Creation

 ■ Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) Strategy to Achieve Diverse Human Resources
Acceleration of diversity & inclusion (D&I) is one of the most important themes for our company in order to realize the “hhc” philosophy. Since the CEO issued the Eisai Diversity Declaration in 2012, we have developed a work environment that allows employees with a wide range of values to play active roles regardless of their nationality, gender, age, or other characteristics. Furthermore, we have established a compliance policy that provides an equal and non-discriminatory work environment for all employees, and we have made it known to more than 10,000 employees globally.
However, there are still more diversity-related issues, such as gender issues, in Japan compared to other countries. There is an urgent need for measures to address these issues from various perspectives. We have formulated, and been working on the following goals and action plans, which are collectively referred to as Diversity & Inclusion 2021, and which cover the period up to fiscal 2030. Our target is to form autonomous professional groups, realize the spiral of knowledge generated by diversity, and lead to the global advancement of innovation, regardless of differences in nationality, gender, age, etc.
●Ratio of female employees in management positions
1. Increase the ratio of female employees and managers to 30% or more
We will become an organization that enables decision- making and human resource development based on a wide range of values and leadership, and develop an environment in which the individuality and strength of each employee is reflected in management and daily operations (As of the end of April 2021, the ratio of female employees is 24%, and the ratio of female employees in management positions is 11%).
2. Increase opportunities for employees to challenge themselves in ways appropriate to veteran employees
Not only to convey the experience and knowledge
accumulated over many years to young people, but also
to fulfill the roles expected from inside and outside the
company, we will produce veteran employees who
contribute to the revitalization of organizations and the
realization of a spiral of knowledge as a “shining TAKUMI*.”
* Veteran employees who find their own significance in taking on the challenge of creating new value and developing next-generation human resources as a front runner to embody the “hhc” philosophy
3. Increase the ratio of managers in their 30s or younger to 20% or more
We will realize management diversity more effectively and accelerate the development of an environment where new ideas can be utilized in decision-making.
●Ratio of section leaders in their 30s or younger
  (%) 40
30 20
10 6.0 0 5.0
8.0
10.4
30
2030 (fiscal year)
(%)
11.3
2020 (fiscal year)
12 10 8 6 4
2 1.3
0
8.7
2018 2019
     7.0
9.6
5.7 3.3
  2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2025
45
2016 2017
 Initiatives for D&I in regions overseas
1. Initiatives in the United States
At the Town Hall Meeting for Employees in August 2020, the top management of Eisai Inc., Eisai’s US subsidiary, introduced our D&I plans and key aspects. Eisai has been recruiting human talent with diverse backgrounds, and African-Americans and Indian-Americans have been appointed to senior management positions. We will accelerate the hiring of minority employees through measures such as cooperation with African-American communities.
Regarding employee development and training, we are holding lectures given by African-American experts. We will hold a D&I training program about unconscious bias in 2021.
2. Initiatives in Europe
In line with the corporate Equality Policy shared with all employees globally, we aim to realize D&I with regard to equality, well-being, and elimination of bias for minority employees such as LGBTQI or people with African ethnicity. With our focus on diversity, our hiring managers receive various types of training to understand how to overcome bias. We also regularly analyze the gender pay gap, and try to minimize it when it exists. In addition, we carry out data collection and insight gathering from experts, and conduct pulse surveys about diversity, targeting all employees.

■ Strengthening the Human Resources Portfolio under the Mid-term Business Plan ‘EWAY Future & Beyond’
To maximize the human resources base for executing management strategies, we will use People Analytics* to visualize employee engagement, in addition to qualitative information utilization. Moreover, we provide opportunities for each employee to maximize their performance by executing effective personnel strategies backed by human resources portfolio analysis and an optimum arrangement analysis based on the quantitative information obtained.
To realize the digital transformation (DX) strategy, which is the core of our new business model, we have been actively hiring specialists such as data scientists and engineers to strengthen our human resources base. Furthermore, with a focus on developing leaders who can promote our DX strategy, we conducted DX training
for all executive officers in fiscal 2020. We will further
enhance the development of leaders and specialists to
lead our DX.
* Data collection and analysis of employees and organizations
●The number of mid-career hires
   fiscal 2020
fiscal 2019
fiscal 2018
fiscal 2017
fiscal 2016
0
122
 34 26
16
89
  20 40
60
80
100 120 140
■ Realization of Diverse Career Paths and Human Resource Development
We aim to create an environment in which human resources who can build trust with their surroundings develop, take on challenges, and continue to provide value to society. For that purpose, we have started learning style reform to enable employees to select, challenge, and self-improve based on their own will and responsibilities. Our training is shifting to an opportunity- providing style in which the employee chooses what to learn according to their personal characteristics, preferences, and needs, and takes on the challenge
●Efforts to strengthen employees’ career autonomy Having opportunities to notice, think, and talk
actively. We have prepared a lot of alternatives in regard to training curriculum, time, and place. We are also providing a wide range of career development opportunities through cross-border programs both inside and outside the company.
We are attempting to transit from company-led career development to a proactive approach based on the diversity of individual values and willingness to take on challenges by enhancing career development and training using e-learning, etc.
Cross-border activities (Search for knowledge)
      • “hhc” Socialization
• In-house dialogue
• Various training programs
• Mentoring programs
• Career consultation desk
• Follow-up interviews after various training programs
• Next career support programs
Individual support
Professional development review
• Job challenging system • In-house EKKYO
• Crossing the boundary of the company
(Studying abroad, Working abroad)
• Global mobility etc.
• Learning style reform programs
• Professional gym
• Language skill improvement support
Self-development support
    Goal setting / Evaluation
OJT/ Daily dialogue
   Building trust between managers and team members
Utilization of 1 on 1 interviews Challenge and reflection on
new experiences through one’s work Clarification of own values and strengths
  46
Eisai Value Creation Report 2021
Management Strategies Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Social Value Creation Foundation for Company Introduction (R&D) (Access to Medicines) (Human Capital) Supporting Value Creation

■ Work Style Reform that Accelerates the Success of Diverse Individuals and the Search for Knowledge
We set the goals of work style reform as maximizing output by improving employee independence and engagement, and we are promoting various initiatives to realize this. We are developing an environment in which employees adopt work styles that balance work and personal life, and in which each employee’s life events and diverse values are accepted. We have introduced systems that offer a wider choice of work styles from the perspective of supporting employees to maximize their performance by balancing work and childcare, nursing care, and personal illness.
Furthermore, for the purpose of work style reform, we aim not only to correct long working hours, but also to expand individual discretion in regard to the place and time of work, and transition to a self-creative work style, based on the lessons from the COVID-19 pandemic. Specifically, we expanded the working-from- home system and eliminated core time from the flextime system. In addition, we are aiming to have male employees to take spousal maternity leave* for at least 5 days as a general rule, and achieve a rate of having at least 50% of eligible employees take such leave. We support employees to help them achieve their best in
both their work and their private life by establishing new leave systems for privately funded study abroad, self- development, and social contribution. With regard to childcare and nursing care leave, we provide information on nursery schools, etc. and support self-development during leave, so that employees can return to work smoothly. Emphasizing the perspectives of work-life balance, business efficiency, and human resources retention, we started renovation of our HQ buildings in the first half of fiscal 2021 in order to establish a more efficient and effective work style through activity based working (ABW), to maximize intellectual productivity. Mutual trust between the company and the employees is more important than ever in order to maximize outcomes while satisfying various work style preferences. We will continue to work on establishing a truly comfortable working environment, effective personnel systems, and a new human resources management policy to support the further success of diverse individuals.
* Spousal maternity leave: Up to 5 days of special paid leave given to spouse within 8 weeks after childbirth
Please see the link below for details on creating a positive working environment.
▶ https://www.eisai.com/sustainability/employee/environment/index.html
●Progress of work style reform
Improve employee engagement
Sustainable enhancement of corporate value
EWAY Future & Beyond
Maintenance of work environment systems
that support diverse talent
●Monthly trend in percentage of employees working from home (HQ)
   March 2019 ―
Maintenance of a work
environment that leads
to the best possible work-life balance
Eradicate long work hours
Promote taking holidays and paid leave
●Illustration of the new layout of the HQ building
Designed by Taisei Corporation
47