                                          Annual Report 2018
Year ended March 31, 2018

  History of the Chiba Bank
Since its establishment in 1943, the Chiba Bank has continued to grow in step with the region by actively responding to financial needs generated by the development of Chiba Prefecture.
The population of Chiba Prefecture is steadily increasing as the number of people relocating to the prefecture exceeds those moving out. In a population movement report for 2017, Chiba Prefecture was ranked second only to Tokyo out of the seven prefectures experiencing excessive influxes of people relocating.
 (millions of people)
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
Overseas offices opened
1943.3
Founded the Chiba Bank
Chiba Godo Bank, Omigawa Agricultural and Commercial Bank, and the Kujuhachi Bank merged
1970.10 1971.8 1973.3
Listed on TSE 2nd Section Listed on TSE 1st Section Newly built and relocated the Head Office in Chiba-minato
1987.4 1989.4 1991.2 1995.11 2011.3 2014.9
New York Branch Hong Kong Branch London Branch Shanghai Rep. Singapore Rep. Bangkok Rep.
      1.6 million (As of October 1, 1943)
     0
1943.3
1953.3
1963.3 1973.3
1983.3
 
 The Chiba Bank’s
 Strengths
(As of March 31, 2018)
 Sound Financial Base
¥
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
(FY2017 ended March 31, 2018)
Total Assets
¥
53.7
billion
14.3
trillion
Total Capital Ratio (Consolidated)
13.18 %
 Solid Relationship with Customers
Domestic Branch Network
181 Branches Overseas
3 Branches 3 Rep. Offices
 Highly Professional Workforce
4,343
Number of Employees
 Credit Ratings
   Long-Term
  Short-Term
 Standard & Poor’s
A
A-1
 Moody’s
  A1
  P-1
 Rating and Investment Information
 AA–
 —
    Balance of Loans Balance of Deposits
6.2 million (As of October 1, 2017)
Population of Chiba Prefecture*
*Source: Chiba Prefecture
  (¥ trillion)
12
10
8
6
4
2
  1993.3
2003.3
2013.3 2018.3 0
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
1

     Overview of Japanese Regional Banks
Japan’s 64 regional banks each have a dense network of branches that center on the prefecture where their head office is located. The banks accommodate the diverse financial needs of individual customers and regional small- and medium-sized and middle-market companies, playing a leading role in regional finance for the promotion and development of regional communities.
   About the Chiba Bank
The Chiba Bank is a regional bank with its main operating base in Chiba Prefecture. As of March 31, 2018, total assets on a non-consolidated basis were ¥14.3 trillion, ranking the Bank second among Japan’s regional banks.
While maintaining Chiba Prefecture as our core foundation, we have been expanding our sales base in the greater Tokyo metropolitan area, especially in Tokyo, Saitama, and Ibaraki where market potential is high. We have 160 branches in Chiba Prefecture, 14 in Tokyo, 3 in
Saitama Prefecture, 3 in Ibaraki Prefecture, and 1 in Osaka, and additionally, overseas branches in New York, Hong Kong and London, and representative offices in Shanghai, Singapore and Bangkok. We are also enhancing our overseas network.
In Chiba Prefecture, our share of loans is approximately 40%, and our share of deposits is approximately 25%, both of which exceed all other financial institutions—we have a very powerful customer base in the region.
Contents
02 About the Chiba Bank
04 Message from the President
08 Financial Highlights and Non-Financial Highlights
10 Corporate Banking 11 Retail Banking
12 Alliance Strategies
14 Leveraging Group Functions
16 Business Efficiency Enhancement
18 ESG
 2
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
 
  Ibaraki Prefecture
  Saitama Prefecture
Tsukuba Express
Narita Sky Access Line
Chiba City
Tokyo6Bay Aqua-Line
Chiba Prefecture
Tokyo-Gaikan Expressway
 Tokyo
Narita International Airport
  Kanagawa Prefecture
Growth Potential of Our Operating Area
Chiba Prefecture, the Chiba Bank’s primary operating base, is Japan’s sixth largest in terms of both population and GDP. With favorable geographic conditions and a warm climate, the prefecture has thriving agriculture and fishing industries, and one of Japan’s most prominent industrial areas along the coast of Tokyo Bay, giving the prefecture a well-balanced industrial structure.
In addition, a well-developed transportation network connected with the greater Tokyo metropolitan area, including Narita International Airport, supports people’s daily lives and companies’ business activities in the region. The Chiba section of the Tokyo-Gaikan Expressway opened in June 2018, a complete opening is scheduled for FY2024 even if a part of the Ken-O Expressway is unopened
in the Chiba Prefecture. Moreover, further growth is expected going forward as various infrastructure and other development projects are expected to be carried out ahead of the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2020.
Narita City is conducting urban development projects and has been designated a National Strategic Special Zone with the aim of becoming a world class city in the field of medical services. The city will be responding to increasing aging-related medical needs and further enhancing medical services for foreigners, so a number of medical institutions are expected to be established, including a medical university, and medical professionals and other personnel will be trained, and this is expected to generate major economic benefits.
Haneda Airport
Ken-O Expressway
 Key Data for Chiba Prefecture
  Population*1
6.2
million
6th among Japanese Prefectures
 Number of Households*1
2.6
million
6th among Japanese Prefectures
 Gross Prefectural Product*2
¥ 20.0
trillion
¥ 6th among Japanese Prefectures
*1 Statistics Bureau, Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications “Population Census” (2015)
*2 Economic and Social Research Institute, Cabinet Office “Prefectural Accounts” (FY2015)
 25 Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers
26 Compliance
27 Risk Management
31 Financial and Corporate Information
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
3

 Message from the President
   Hidetoshi Sakuma
President (Representative Director), Group CEO
 4
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
Co-Create Value
with the Region
and Customers
Our Vision
The Chiba Bank’s role and mission as a regional financial institution based in Chiba Prefecture is to meet customer needs and contribute to development in the region by providing financing services. Under
a customer-first policy of constantly thinking from the customer’s perspective and acting for the customer’s sake, the Bank strives to actively propose solutions to the issues that customers face while participating in regional revitalization efforts in order to be a financial group that provides top-class customer satisfaction and is highly regarded by our region’s customers, both individuals and SMEs.
The Chiba Bank’s customer-first policy is the un- wavering principle at the heart of the Bank’s operations no matter the circumstances, and the entire Chiba Bank Group intends to continue to abide fully by this principle going forward, and provide high-quality finan- cial products and services. We will work to create new value in every way possible alongside our customers and with all other stakeholders, including shareholders, employees and local communities, and thereby achieve sustainable growth.
Market Environment
The Japanese economy continues to maintain a moderate recovery, but caution is still required in light of concerns over the declining and aging population, soundness of public finances, and political and economic uncertainties overseas. Although fiscal policy is beginning to normalize in the U.S. and Europe, the operating environment for banks in Japan remains challenging due in part to continuation of the negative interest rate policy. Further, structural factors in the
 
   form of population decline and widening disparities between urban and rural areas, combined with rapid digitalization and market entry by companies in other sectors, are making it necessary to drastically transform the business models of financial institutions.
At the same time, Chiba Prefecture, the primary base of the Bank’s operations, continues to see an increase in population, largely in urban areas. In response, the prefecture is currently making progress with its transportation infrastructure projects and
its public-private projects for regional revitalization. There is much cause for optimism ahead of the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games, from hotel construc- tion to inbound demand, and the Chiba Bank intends to steadily expand its share of this buoyant market.
Review of the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018
As of March 31, 2018, our balance of loans increased by ¥510.6 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥9,816.0 billion, and the balance of deposits increased by ¥451.2 billion year on year to ¥12,017.0 billion. Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year ended March 31, 2018 increased by ¥1.0 billion compared to the previous fiscal year to ¥53.7 billion, the third highest level of net profit for the Bank on both a consolidated and non-consolidated basis.
In corporate banking, fees and commissions income continues to increase as a result of the strengthening of solution proposals for business succession and business matching. In retail banking, we focused on reinforcing non-face-to-face channels, such as by enhancing services that could be used from our app and website, as we worked to provide progressive and highly convenient services. In addition, our efforts to actively support the regional revitalization measures of local governments and promote the use of land previously occupied by elementary schools have received the Minister’s Commendation as a unique and outstanding example for others to emulate. It was a year of making steady progress in terms of achieving sustainable growth together with the region.
Accelerating Alliance Strategies
In the second year of the Chiba-Musashino Alliance, we continued to carry out various initiatives at an ac- celerated pace, including the opening of four Chibagin Securities branches in Saitama Prefecture, and we also collaborated in inheritance-related operations.
In June 2018, the two banks opened a sales base in the Hamamatsucho area of Tokyo’s Minato Ward and conducted joint operations. Going forward, the banks will work to further increase market share in the Tokyo metropolitan area as a whole.
With respect to the TSUBASA Alliance, the Hokuetsu Bank became a member of the alliance
in April 2018, and the seven banks are deepening
their partnership beyond regional boundaries. The application programming interface (API) platform being developed with the joint venture T&I Innovation Center Co., Ltd. was completed, thereby enabling a range
of FinTech services to be provided to customers. The Bank also continues working with the Daishi Bank to establish shared administrative operation.
Through our strategy of forming alliances without conducting management integration, the Chiba Bank will pursue benefits for regional customers and work to build a new model for the sustainable growth of regional banks.
Best Bank 2020 Final Stage
— 3 years of value co-creation
The first fiscal year of our 13th medium term manage- ment plan, “Best Bank 2020 Final Stage—3 years of value co-creation,” covering the period from April 2017 to March 2020, has now been completed. In most respects, steady progress has been made as regards the plan’s main numerical targets. The balance of loans in particular is increasing beyond expectations, and
as a result of working to actively supply funds based on evaluation of businesses and to propose diverse solutions, the number of companies making the Chiba Bank their main bank has steadily increased.
We are also steadily carrying out initiatives for continuing to grow over the next 10 to 20 years and thereby beat the competition, including raising
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
5

 Message from the President
  productivity through major business reforms and implementing a more advanced human resources strategy. We intend to maintain our current workforce of 4,300 employees while redeploying personnel to growth areas. By boosting administrative efficiency in internal clerical work and in loans and headquarters operations and by introducing robotic process automation (RPA), we will build a structure that allows existing work oper- ations to be conducted by a smaller number of people over the medium to long term.
Personnel Development and Diversity
The Chiba Bank will put even more focus on personnel development to maximize the abilities of each and every employee as well as on creating comfortable, rewarding workplaces. To create a strong, flexible organization responsive to future changes, the Bank has positioned diversity promotion as a key management strategy, striving to make the most of its diverse personnel.
In particular, in the area of women’s participation and advancement in the workplace, we have actively carried out related initiatives, such as promoting women to executive officer and branch manager positions in Japan and abroad. In 2018, as a part of our efforts to establish the infrastructure for helping workers balance career development with raising children, Himawari Nurseries were opened in two new locations, thereby expanding the Bank’s company-led nursery facilities
to three locations. This initiative was rated highly by
an outside institution, and in March 2018, we became the first regional bank to be selected as a FY2017 Nadeshiko Brand by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Addressing Social Issues through Business Activities
Addressing social issues in the region is an activity in- dispensable to realizing sustainable growth in corporate value, and we intend to continue to give importance to responding to local issues.
For example, Chiba Prefecture is Japan’s fourth leading agricultural producer, but in recent years, the
farming population has declined and aged, and more and more farmland is being abandoned. To help in solv- ing this problem, in March 2018, the Chiba Bank estab- lished an agricultural corporation, Fresh Farm Chiba Co., Ltd., with 15 local companies and other organizations, and began participating in agricultural management. While incorporating IoT and other advanced agricultural technologies, we will work to expand the scale of opera- tions through corporate management. Moreover, by uti- lizing our customer network to support the development of new sales channels, we will establish a framework for conducting sustainable agriculture that is profitable as a business, thereby working to further develop the region’s agriculture and bolster its competitiveness.
In Conclusion
The Chiba Bank believes its own growth depends ultimately on the region’s development. Based on this thinking, we intend to pool the Group’s strengths to help revitalize the region’s economy. While maintaining the financial soundness necessary for reliably supplying funds to local communities, we intend to effectively use capital and invest in strategic fields, in order to improve capital efficiency and raise shareholder returns.
With the Group playing an increasingly important role in the region’s development, all of our directors and employees intend to give maximum effort to meeting customer expectations at even higher levels of precision.
We thank you for your continuing support and patronage.
 6
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
 
     1 Co-creating customer value
The 13th Medium Term Management Plan
Best Bank 2020 Final Stage
— 3 years of value co-creation
2017.4.1 – 2020.3.31
Our vision “best retail” banking group
— We will aim to be the “best retail” banking group, providing top-class satisfaction through advanced services, and to be highly regarded by our regional customers, both individuals and SMEs. —
  CS Customer Satisfaction
 ES Employee Satisfaction
 SS Social Satisfaction
     • Further enhancement of initiatives that offer core business support for business partners based on evaluation of their businesses and that contribute to regional revitalization
• Extensive focus on “fiduciary duties” in the asset management business
• Creating advanced services with high added value that utilize FinTech, etc., in response to the digitalization of society as a whole
  2 Realizing work style reforms
that allow all employees to shine
  • Developing a professional workforce
• Promoting further diversity
• Review the way individual employees work to develop a structure that allows them to specialize in business with high added value
  3 Strengthening a sustainable management
structure
  • Further strengthen alliances with other banks such as the Chiba-Musashino Alliance and the TSUBASA Alliance
• Achieve low-cost operations through drastic reviews of business processes 2020/3 (Target)
• Positive and proactive response to ESG issues
  Target Indicators
(¥ billion) 2018/3 (Actual) 2020/3 (Target)
  Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
 Consolidated ROE*
 Consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio
 Balance of Loans
 Balance of Deposits
 Group Total Balance of Financial Products
53.7
 6.76
%
 12.48
 %
9,816.0
 12,017.0
 2,049.9
 60
  7
% range
 12
  % range
 10,500
 12,500
  2,500
  * Consolidated ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent ÷ Total shareholders’ equity (Capital stock + Capital surplus + Retained earnings − Treasury shares)
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
7

 Financial Highlights
  Profit
(¥ billion) 80
60
40
20
0
 55.4
52.5 52.7
53.7 48.6
49.6
          2016/3
Attributable to Owners of Parent
2017/3 2018/3
Non-Consolidated
   Ordinary Profit
(¥ billion) 100
85.5
50
25
0
Consolidated Non-Consolidated
    75
79.6 77.6
78.4
70.6
2018/3
    2016/3 2017/3
70.0
    Total Capital Ratio
(%)
20
15
10
5
0
13.79 13.26
2016/3
Consolidated
13.59 13.03
2017/3
Non-Consolidated
13.18 12.55
2018/3
        ROE
(%) 8
6
4
2
0
6.49 6.43
5.97 5.85
5.83 5.76
2018/3
      2016/3 2017/3 Consolidated Non-Consolidated
   ROA
(%) 0.39 0.4
Non-Consolidated
0.35 0.35
2017/3 2018/3
  0.3
0.2
0.1
0
2016/3
      OHR
(%)
80
60
40
20
0
55.06
2016/3
Non-Consolidated
57.59
2017/3
55.26
2018/3
      Non-Financial Highlights
   Balance of Loans Related to Renewable Energies (Financing Related to Solar Power Business)
(¥ billion)
100
75
50
25
87.2
94.2
    60.1
   0
2016/3 2017/3
2018/3
   Ratio of Women in Management Positions and Women Promoted to Leader Positions
(%)
40
30 28.0 20
9.0
0
Management Positions Leader Positions
 29.9 30.4
   11.4
12.7
 10
  2016/7 2017/7 2018/7
8
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

      Balance of Loans
(¥ billion)
10,000
9,500
9,000
8,500
8,000
8,797.4
2016/3
Non-Consolidated
9,305.3
2017/3
9,816.0
2018/3
         SME Loans / Housing Loans
(¥ billion)
Non-Consolidated
4,141.6
2017/3
Housing Loans
5,000
   3,750
2,500
1,250
0
3,786.6
4,410.9
3,431.1
     2016/3
SME Loans
2018/3
3,140.5
3,281.7
      Balance of Deposits including NCDs
(¥ billion)
Non-Consolidated
12,044.7
2017/3
13,000
  12,000
11,000
10,000
11,539.2
2016/3
12,530.5
2018/3
      Balance of Financial Products
(¥ billion)
947.4
2016/3 Investment Trusts
Non-Consolidated
946.5
2017/3
Insurance Premiums
1,000 800 600 400 200 0
904.4
281.0
      360.7
 312.5
  2018/3
   Balance of Securities
(¥ billion) 4,000
3,000
2,000
1,000
0
2,447.8
2016/3
Non-Consolidated
2,373.6
2017/3
2,156.7
2018/3
         Disclosed Claims under the Financial Reconstruction Law / Non-Performing Loan Ratio
(¥ billion)
200
150
100
50
0
1.70
Non-Consolidated
1.47
2017/3
(%) 2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5
   151.7
139.0
1.27
  127.0
    2016/3
2018/3 0
Non-Performing Loan Ratio
Disclosed Claims under the Financial Reconstruction Law
    Number of Directors and
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(People)
15
  12 9 6 3 0
9
5
13
12
2016/7 2017/7
    5
5
   Directors Audit & Supervisory Board Members
2018/7
 Number of Independent Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Outside Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
2
3
  Directors
6
3/9 33.3%
3/5 60.0%
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
3
 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
9

 Co-Creating Customer Value
 Corporate Banking
As a regional financial institution, the Chiba Bank exercises an intermediation function by closely engaging with cus- tomers involved in the regional economy, and provides valuable advice to solve management issues based on a deep understanding of their businesses.
Evaluations of Customers’ Business Potential
PDCA Cycle for Evaluation of Businesses
      Regarding transactions with corporate customers, the
Chiba Bank rigorously conducts activities centered on
supporting their main businesses based on evaluations
of their business potential. We conducted these initia-
tives at top-level regional companies—those with more
than 20,000 customers—to understand the businesses
of our customers. In particular, we have selected core
companies that lead regional economies and industries
and we are meeting their needs with a wide range of
proposals, including optimal financing schemes, M&As
and business matching. According to an annual survey
of main banks by the Teikoku Databank, more than
20,000 companies use the Chiba Bank as their main
bank—more than any other regional bank for the ninth
consecutive year since the survey began. 5,000
Stable and ongoing enhancement of the customer base
Identification of issues
  Issue resolution
    Regional Revitalization
SME Loans
(¥ billion)
4,000
YoY +6.5%
4,410.9 4,141.6
   The Chiba Bank proactively participates in initiatives to
revitalize the region. In the fiscal year ended March 31,
2018, the Chibagin Research Institute, Ltd. was asked 3,000 to help attract companies to Chiba Prefecture in order
to facilitate the use of four former elementary schools
in the prefecture as part of a project to use idle public
facilities. In February 2018, our contribution to facili-
tating population movement and increasing jobs was
recognized with an award from the Minister of State
for the Promotion of Overcoming Population Decline
and Vitalizing Local Economy in Japan as a specific
example of how financial institutions can revitalize 4 regions. As a Group, we will continue to support local
governments in building communities and businesses
that help revitalize regions. 0
3,786.6 3,583.9
 Solution-Related Fees from Corporate Customers
(Private placement bonds, syndicated loans, etc., M&A, business matching, inheritance-related services and others)
(¥ billion)
10 8 6
2
9.0 6.8
3,383.8
 2014/3
2015/3
2016/3
3.5
2017/3
2018/3
      10 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
2.2
2014/3
2.3
Increasing customers mainly supported by the Chiba Bank
Evaluations of customers’ business potential
  2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
Solution proposal

  Retail Banking
In order to address the diverse needs of individual customers, the Chiba Bank provides a wide range of financial products and services, including deposit accounts, investment trusts, insurance and loans.
Consumer Loans
The Chiba Bank has prepared a variety of products that customers can use in accordance with their life events, such as housing loans, student loans, and auto loans. The unsecured loan balance has expanded briskly as
a result. In addition to developing new branch models that are open for business longer during the weekdays and also on the weekends, the Chiba Bank is improving non-face-to-face channels including our Internet Branch and call center. We aim to improve customer conve- nience and the efficiency of our business operations at the same time.
Asset Management Consulting
The Chiba Bank ensures “customer-focused” business management (fiduciary duties). We encourage the
flow of funds from savings to investments by holding seminars for novice investors and by proposing the best products based on customer needs, such as long- term investments or diversified investments. Utilizing our specialized staff, we aim to enhance our consulting capabilities in order to better meet the diverse needs
of our customers. At the same time, we are keen to satisfy needs for a broader range of customers who
are in the middle of constructing wealth through funded investment trusts and funded NISAs that welcome small investment amounts. Through the unified activities of the Head Office, branches and Group companies, the Chiba Bank helps its customers steadily accumulate assets through initiatives to strengthen bank-securities collaboration and expand investment funds originated by the Chibagin Asset Management Co., Ltd.
Housing Loans
  (¥ billion)
4,000
3,500
3,000
2,500
2,881.7
2014/3
3,016.3
2015/3
3,140.5
2016/3
3,281.7
2017/3
YoY +4.5%
3,431.1
2018/3
YoY +12.5% 142.2
2018/3
         Unsecured Consumer Loans
(¥ billion) 150
120
90
126.3 107.8
      89.5 77.0
  60 2014/3
2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
  The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 11

 Co-Creating Customer Value
 Alliance Strategies
The Chiba Bank is leveraging various alliance frameworks in its pursuit to provide customers in the region with a range of benefits. We believe the optimal alliance model for regional financial institutions is to collaborate in areas where col- laboration is possible, while remaining rooted regionally. In our view, such alliances will generate much larger benefits than would the action of integrating as a single bank, and the alliances also lead to higher profits and corporate value for the Chiba Bank.
  New Alliance Model for Regional Banks
The North Pacific Bank, Ltd.
The Chugoku Bank, Ltd.
The Iyo Bank, Ltd.
Strategic Alliances
In the Chiba-Musashino Alliance with the Musashino Bank, the two banks, both of which are based in the Tokyo metropolitan area, have agreed to collaborate
in a wide range of fields. In the TSUBASA Alliance, seven regional banks with total assets of over ¥50 trillion are partnered over a broad geographic area, and the collaboration, which began with sharing systems,
is currently expanding to various operational areas. Moreover, the Chiba Bank is also establishing joint
The Toho Bank, Ltd.
The Musashino Bank, Ltd.
Location of head office
operations with other financial institutions in Chiba Prefecture, primarily in order to reduce costs.
The purpose of these alliances is to speedily execute initiatives as a regional financial institution that helps raise profit and service levels for local customers. While constantly considering what we can do to make this possible, the Bank intends to further strengthen the frameworks for regional bank alliances that forego the implementation of management integration.
The Daishi Bank, Ltd. The Hokuetsu Bank, Ltd.
    12 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

  Chiba-Musashino Alliance
In March 2016, the Chiba Bank concluded a comprehen- sive alliance with the Musashino Bank, which is based
in Saitama Prefecture. Under this alliance, rather than a merger, the two banks will work swiftly to prioritize the enactment of measures from which tangible economic benefits can be expected, maintaining their strong regional commitments.
Since the start of the alliance, various measures have been quickly realized through conducting planning and preparations in all divisions across both banks. Moreover, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, major initiatives were launched that included the opening of Chibagin Securities branches in Saitama Prefecture and collaborating in inheritance-related operations.
The Chiba-Musashino Alliance Co., Ltd., established jointly by the banks in April 2017, has also begun full- fledged operations, providing functions indispensable
to the alliance’s aim of implementing quick and agile collaborations. Through the Alliance Promotion Committee, officers from both banks hold discussions on the medium- and long-term development of the alliance and make recommendations to the banks. Personnel at various levels at the Head Office and branches actively interact with
one another, providing additional stimulus to each other fostering a climate of self-improvement as well as positive, friendly rivalries at both banks. This climate is helping to boost motivation and raise the overall quality of operations.
The alliance measures agreed to by the banks thus far are expected to generate more than ¥10.0 billion cumu- latively over five years, exceeding initial estimates. Many measures have also been established that will enhance services to customers, expand the scope of solutions, and help develop personnel and further advance management at both banks. Going forward, we plan to continue expand- ing the scope of the partnership.
TSUBASA Alliance
The TSUBASA Alliance has the participation of seven prominent regional financial institutions that occupy large shares of their respective operating areas (Chiba Bank, Daishi Bank, Chugoku Bank, Iyo Bank, Toho Bank, North Pacific Bank, and Hokuetsu Bank). This trans-regional partnership is being deepened through collaborations across broad areas, starting with joint system devel- opment and operation and extending to joint customer referrals, joint arrangement of syndicated loans and other operations.
The joint-use mainframe system put in place by the Chiba Bank, the Daishi Bank and the Chugoku Bank is operating stably, and full-fledged planning is currently underway at the North Pacific Bank, which has finalized an agreement for system operations in FY2022, and at the Toho Bank as well. Furthermore, the Chiba Bank and the Daishi Bank are making steady progress toward sharing administrative operations, instituting the joint management of exchange transactions, and establishment, revision and abolition of certain administrative processes.
The quantitative benefits since the alliance first started, primarily reduced costs from system sharing, are estimated to exceed ¥8.5 billion for the Chiba Bank alone. Going forward, the banks plan to share expertise and ideas and actively consider progressive initiatives found nowhere else.
        The logo created as a part of the branding process is a bird in flight whose wings are formed from individual feathers being joined together. It was designed to represent the partnership and progress of the member banks.
 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 13

 Co-Creating Customer Value
 Leveraging Group Functions
The Chiba Bank has 14 subsidiaries and provides its customers with a wide-ranging lineup of financial products and services. Thanks to the wide-ranging functions inside the Group, we are able to provide our customers with optimal solutions, which allows us to maintain a solid customer base over the long term. We will enhance these strengths by expanding the functions we provide to alliance banks, while reinforcing the sales structure of Group companies through the strategic reallocation of personnel.
  Chibagin Research Institute, Ltd. Chibagin Computer Service Co., Ltd. T&I Innovation Center Co., Ltd.
Securities, Asset management
 Research, Consulting
  Leasing, Venture capital
FinTech
Personnel services, Outsourcing
Credit guarantee, Credit management
Chibagin Guarantee Co., Ltd. Chiba Servicer Co., Ltd.
   Chibagin Leasing Co., Ltd. Chibagin Capital Co., Ltd.
 Chibagin Career Service Co., Ltd. Chibagin Heartful Co., Ltd.
Sobu Co., Ltd.
  Chibagin JCB Card Co., Ltd. Chibagin DC Card Co., Ltd.
  The T&I Innovation Center conducts surveys and research related to FinTech. It was established jointly by six banks in the TSUBASA Alliance (Chiba Bank, Daishi Bank, Chugoku Bank, Iyo Bank, Toho Bank and North Pacific Bank) along with IBM Japan. The TSUBASA FinTech Platform, which started providing services
in April 2018, is an open platform that transcends
the differences in mainframe systems. The aim is to make it key infrastructure that allows various FinTech companies and others to connect safely and quickly. The Musashino Bank is already using the platform, and the intention is to also broadly provide it to financial institutions outside the TSUBASA Alliance.
Leveraging the alliance, the Chiba Bank will pro- vide progressive services with flexibility and speed to effectively accommodate diversifying customer needs and the digitalization of society in general, while also reducing costs.
Credit cards
FinTech Subsidiary
Chiba Bank
Holding ratio
40%
 Name
T&I Innovation Center Co., Ltd.
   14 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
Chibagin Securities Co., Ltd. Chibagin Asset Management Co., Ltd.
 Daishi Bank, Chugoku Bank,
Iyo Bank, Toho Bank, 10% North Pacific Bank and IBM Japan each
 
  Asset Management Business
In the field of asset management business, the Chiba Bank offers three investment funds originated by the Chibagin Asset Management Co., Ltd. to customers of the Musashino Bank, as well as one investment fund each to customers of the Toho Bank, the North Pacific Bank and the Daishi Bank. Assets under management have gradually expanded, leading to growth in the cus- tomer base and higher fees and commissions income.
In securities business, the Chibagin Securities Co., Ltd. has opened four branches in Saitama Prefecture since summer 2017 in order to better serve the needs
of customers at the Musashino Bank for sophisticated asset management, including the sale of structured bonds. Group securities companies in the TSUBASA Alliance are working to improve collaboration between Group companies, such as the joint sale of Green Bonds issued by the World Bank. Fees and commissions income has benefited from our initiatives to satisfy the diverse needs of customers that banks cannot cover on their own.
International Operations
The Chiba Bank has overseas branches in New York, Hong Kong and London, and representative offices in Shanghai, Singapore and Bangkok. In addition, we are further enhancing our alliances with local financial institu- tions. We support the overseas business expansion of our customers, including by supporting trade transactions, providing the latest overseas information and holding busi- ness consultations aimed at developing sales channels.
At overseas branches, we accept trainees from the Musashino Bank and TSUBASA Alliance banks, and we will work to expand our earnings opportunities by proactively responding to the finance needs of the client companies of alliance banks.
Trust Business and Inheritance-Related Services
Since being the first regional bank to enter the trust business and inheritance-related services in 2006, the Chiba Bank has been offering one-stop services in response to the diverse needs of wealthy individuals, mainly landlords and company owners. Our experience in these transactions has steadily increased, as cus- tomers are relieved at their ability to receive advice and process important matters regarding their personal and family assets at the bank.
Other regional banks have shown a strong interest in our initiatives in inheritance-related services, and by leveraging our accumulated know-how and systems,
it has been possible for us to provide similar services
to the customers of these banks. The Chiba Bank has already collaborated with the Daishi Bank, the Chugoku Bank, the Musashino Bank and the Toho Bank. We anticipate a gradual increase in business opportunities as the population ages and alliance banks help local customers meet their needs.
We aim to increase fees and commissions income by proactively responding to the diverse needs of our customers while staying one step ahead of needs related to the inheritance and succession of assets and businesses in accordance with asset transfers across regions and generations.
    Number of Contracts and
Income for Inheritance-Related Services
(¥ million)
600 500 400 300 200 100
0
(cases)
     764
2014/3 2015/3
Income (left axis) Cases (right axis)
878
2017/3
1,138 1,200 1,000
800 600 400
200 2018/3 0
  298 350 145 172
478
555
  253
  2016/3
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 15

 Strengthening a Sustainable Management Structure
 Business Efficiency Enhancement
In accordance with diversifying customer needs and the spread of digital technology throughout society, the absence of face-to-face contact has become more prevalent in services, which are now available at any time and any place. At the same time, it has become more important to have the ability to provide consulting services that offer optimal solutions and planning abilities that keep up with changes in the operating environment. It is imperative to strategically allocate personnel in high-value-added businesses in order to steadily achieve results and improve customer satisfaction.
The Chiba Bank aims to increase the efficiency of every business by spending proactively on IT and reassigning personnel to growth fields. By enhancing the skills and awareness of each and every employee, and emphasizing produc- tivity in our approach to work, we will maintain and improve our competitiveness without increasing the total headcount.
Maintain the Total Number of Personnel and Reassign to Growth Fields through Business Reforms
        Intensify work efficiency enhancement
Add work style reform
Reinforce sales capabilities
We have already started business reforms aimed at working something out for around 880 employees (through the reduction of work volume)
Of this number, it is likely that around 600 employees can be relocated over the medium to long term.
Career Design Training
Smooth career change
    Reduction of work volume through efficiency improvement
Improve efficiency in internal operations Improve efficiency in lending operations Improve efficiency in headquarters operations
Staff relocation
  880 employees
  600 employees
      Work Style Reforms
The Chiba Bank’s efforts at work style reforms have been recognized by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization, earning us the designation of being one of the Excellent Enterprises of Health and Productivity Management.
With work style reforms focused on the four specific areas of “environment,” “proce- dures,” “systems” and “awareness,” the Chiba Bank is creating a structure that specializes in high-value-added businesses by putting into place a thoroughly paperless work environment where communications do not rely on telephones and employees can work from anywhere outside the office.
16 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
200 employees
 80 employees
 In charge of sales and headquarters planning and promotion
   
  Initiatives to Improve Productivity
The aim of the business reforms currently being undertaken is to reduce the volume of work through higher work efficiency and digital technologies, and then to reassign extra employees to growth fields in order to reinforce our sales capabilities.
To improve business efficiency, the Chiba Bank is advancing reforms in back-office work and counter ser- vices in branches, as well as in loan operations, based on the three concepts of simplification, systematization and centralization at the headquarters. As a result,
the Chiba Bank estimates 880 employees will become redundant, including full-time and part-time employees, and plans to reassign about 600 employees over the medium to long term. By cutting down work volume, we aim to create a structure where business can be man- aged with fewer employees, while shedding employees through natural attrition in the future.
These reassignments will have a major impact
on the roles and skills demanded of our employees. In order to smoothly facilitate career changes, we have held Career Design Training since January 2018. These training sessions are based on a curriculum designed to foster changes in perceptions among younger employ- ees in particular, by explaining the Bank’s future vision
in relation to changes in the operating environment, as well as giving specific examples of work reforms. We are continuing to hold these training sessions.
Branch Management
The Chiba Bank is reviewing branch functions and networks within the context of demographics and digital technology in society. As of March 31, 2018, the Chiba Bank had 181 branches in Japan, mainly in Chiba Prefecture. We are moving to make branch management more efficient while taking care to ensure convenience for our customers by reassessing the services we provide in light of the number of customers who visit
our branches, integrating neighboring branches as “branches in stores,” and introducing lunch breaks at some branches.
Positioning the 23 wards of Tokyo as a strategic operating area, we have expanded our presence on
the marketing side. In urban areas with large market scales, business has been brisk with the joint origination of syndicated loans and the cross-introduction of customers with the Musashino Bank. In June 2018,
we jointly opened a sales base in Hamamatsucho. Overseas, we plan to share a representative office in Singapore in August 2018, while building a network of highly profitable branches inside and outside Japan.
Domestic Branch Network
(As of March 31, 2018)
Iba3raki Saitama 3
Osaka 1
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 17
    Fundamental Concepts
Simplification: Simplify complex rules and proce-
dures into logical, easy-to-understand workflows.
Systematization: Integrate and unify systems and customer data with the aim of automating inquiry and key entry work.
Centralization at the headquarters: Concentrate operations that have no contact with customers at the center instead of at sales branches.
Tokyo 14
Chiba
160
 
  Strengthening a Sustainable Management Structure ESG
 ESG
Under its customer-first policy, and as a financial group with local roots, the Chiba Bank aims to grow sustainably along with the region by engaging in corporate activities with sincerity and fairness to help customers and local communities solve their problems. To this end, the Chiba Bank aggressively promotes efforts to address environ- mental, social and governance (ESG) issues and Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) towards the realization of sustainable management that strikes a balance between social value and economic value over the long term.
  Sustainable management =
Long-term outlook + Social value (Solving social issues) + Economic value
                    Establishment of ESG Promotion Committee
In November 2017, the Chiba Bank established the ESG Promotion Committee, which is chaired by the President, to discuss the identification of key issues (materiality) that the Bank should address over the medium to long term, with due consideration paid to local issues, national issues and globally shared issues.
 18 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
Sustainable society The Chiba Bank’s sustainable growth
 ESG (Environment, Social, Governance)
 Social
Governance
Environment
ESG is the name of the belief that the three perspectives of environment (E), social (S) and governance (G) are all necessary to achieve the sustainable growth of a company
   SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals)
A set of 17 sustainable development goals adopted by the United Nations member states, who aim to achieve the goals by 2030
 
  Environment
Viewing global warming and other environmental problems as important issues to address, the Chiba Bank strives to counter global warming by the measure of reducing CO2 emissions through its business activities while encouraging efforts to beautify and greenify local communities.
Contributions to the Environment through Core Businesses
The Chiba Bank provides broad support to customers taking advantage of renewable energy. In December 2017, we redoubled the efforts in this regard by putting together project financing for a biomass power genera- tion project.
The Group’s securities subsidiaries of the banks
in the TSUBASA Alliance jointly sell Green Bonds issued by the World Bank (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development) in Indian rupees, with the Chiba Bank acting as an intermediary in the sale of these financial instruments. (Chibagin Securities’ total sales of Green Bonds amounted to ¥2,611 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.)
Forest Management Activities
We continuously conduct “Chibagin Forest” forest management activities in various locations throughout Chiba Prefecture. The activities aim to regenerate coastal barrier forests that have been lost to insect damage and tsunami. The Bank’s directors, employees and former employees volunteer regularly in forest nurturing activities such as cutting the underbrush.
During the fifth “Chibagin Forest” event in May 2018, 5,000 saplings were planted. (These included Japanese black pine and Japanese spindle trees.)
Environmentally Friendly Branches
The Chiba Bank has been installing solar power sys- tems at new or relocated branches in a bid to cut CO2 emissions and help preserve the natural environment. As of June 30, 2018, a total of 23 branches have solar panels and solar lighting outdoors. At the headquarters and sales branches, we have 80 electric and hybrid vehicles in our fleet.
     The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 19

 Strengthening a Sustainable Management Structure ESG
 Social
With the aim of regional revitalization, we proactively engage in activities that support the core businesses of our customers and contribute to the advancement of local industry.
Private Placement Bonds for Regional Revitalization
In order to provide support for initiatives that contribute to local communities, such as for education, the Chiba Bank handles Private Placement Bonds for Regional Revitalization (Mirai Hagukumi Bonds), where a part of the commission fees received from companies issuing private placement bonds are used to buy education- related supplies that are donated to schools and other institutions designated by the issuer. As of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, a total of 344 of these bonds have been issued in the amount of ¥33.9 billion.
Establishment of Agricultural Corporations
In March 2018, the Fresh Farm Chiba Co., Ltd. was
jointly established with local companies as an agricultural corporation. It engages in wet-rice farming on two hectares of rice paddy fields in Chiba Prefecture. The aim is to improve competitiveness and develop regional farming through efforts to increase scale and secure sales channels via corporate management, in order to solve issues faced by the agricultural community, such as a lack of people to carry on farming, aging farmers, and abandoned farmland.
Social Welfare Activities
The Chibagin Heartful Co., Ltd. was founded for the purpose of encouraging the employment of persons with disabilities. As of April 1, 2018, it had hired 30 persons with disabilities who work creating forms used at the bank and help with data entry for ex- change transactions. Moreover, the Chibagin Heartful Welfare Fund supports social welfare corporations, groups and initiatives in Chiba Prefecture by provid- ing them with financial assistance. Donations in the amount of ¥53 million have been extended to a total of 95 organizations.
Financial Education Activities
To help people of all ages to grasp the importance of money, the workings of finance, and a correct under- standing as a consumer, the Bank works to provide financial education. We receive visits to our locations from school children of all ages, teaching staff, local government organizations, and companies from other industries. At the Chibagin Archive on Finance, we provide educational exhibits on the history of finance in Chiba Prefecture and also on the Chiba Bank.
      20 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

  Promotion of Women
As a part of efforts to promote diversity, we are making diligent efforts to help women form careers and expand their roles at work. We have set and disclosed the following numerical targets for promoting women to management positions, while greatly expanding the number of promotions.
As of July 2018, there are 6 women working as gen- eral managers in the headquarters, including 1 executive officer and 20 women holding the title of branch manager.
Talent Bank for Regional Banks
The Talent Bank for Regional Banks has been put
in place for assisting employees in continuing their careers at regional banks. It was created at the Meeting of Regional Bank Presidents to Accelerate the Careers of Women, with the presidents of all 64 member
banks of the Regional Banks Association of Japan in attendance. The Chiba Bank acts as the secretariat for the meeting. In the event an employee reluctantly plans to quit due to a move into a new home as a result of
life changes, such as getting married, accompanying a working spouse who is transferred to another location or taking care of elderly parents, the Talent Bank will introduce the employee to another regional bank in the area of their new home. As of March 2018, a total of 133 employees have found new work this way.
  Women in Management Positions
    Management position Leader position*
As of 2006/3
2.0%
(17 persons)
As of 2018/7
12.7%
(129 persons)
Target for 2020
20% 30%
  9.4%
(98 persons)
   30.4%
(273 persons)
    * Leader positions refer to employees who share organizational responsibilities
for managing the Chiba Bank Group in their roles as managers of their assigned operations. These employees are in positions supervising subordinates or hold an equivalent post.
Nursery Facilities at Business Offices
As part of efforts to provide an environment where employees can take care of their children while work- ing in order to balance their careers with childrearing, the Chiba Bank has set up Himawari Nurseries for
the children of Group employees. In 2018, the Bank opened two new Himawari Nurseries, bringing the total of Company-led nursery facilities at business offices to three locations.
最小サイズ
ヨコ 12.8 ミリまで
 External Awards
Mar. 2015
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry “FY2014 Diversity Management Selection 100”
Dec. 2015
Cabinet Office
“Awards to Commend Leading Companies Where Women Shine
(Prime Minister’s Award)”
Apr. 2016
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare “L-Star” (top-ranked) designation
Aug. 2017
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare “Platinum Kurumin” certified
Mar. 2018
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Tokyo Stock Exchange “FY2017 Nadeshiko Brand”
      The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 21

 Strengthening a Sustainable Management Structure ESG
 Corporate Governance
The Chiba Bank bases all of its corporate activities on the Chiba Bank Code of Ethics, which includes earning unwav- ering trust, thorough compliance with laws, rules and other fundamental principles, opposition to antisocial forces, and transparent management. Under the medium term management plan “Best Bank 2020 Final Stage—3 years of value co-creation” (FY2017–FY2019), we have raised “positive and active action on ESG issues” as an initiative to be addressed, and we are working to advance the level of corporate governance.
To create a more robust and sound organizational structure, the Bank has adopted the supervisory systems and constructed the efficient business execution structure mentioned below.
Directors and Board of Directors
The Board of Directors consists of nine directors, including three outside directors (outside directors make up one-third of the total number of directors). The Board of Directors makes decisions about management policies and other important matters and supervises the execution of business by the directors and executive officers.
The Chiba Bank has also adopted an executive officer system. This system provides for the clear separation of the roles of the directors, who reach decisions on important matters, supervise the execution of business operations, and perform other tasks, and the role of the executive officers, who conduct business operations.
Audit & Supervisory Board and Its Members
The Chiba Bank has adopted a company with audit & supervisory board system with five Audit & Supervisory Board members, including a majority of three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. In particular, three of the Audit & Supervisory Board members, including two of the outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, are standing Audit & Supervisory Board members.
They regularly attend meetings of the Board of Directors and other important meetings, check important documents, and perform other tasks to conduct objective and reasonable audits of the status of business execution. The Chiba Bank believes that this system provides an adequate management supervisory function.
Appointment, Remuneration
and Corporate Advisory Committee
For nomination and remuneration of the Chiba Bank’s directors, the Appointment, Remuneration and Corporate Advisory Committee has been established to ensure objectivity, timeliness, and transparency. The committee members are selected by the Board of Directors and include a majority of outside directors.
Internal Audit
The Audit and Inspection Division, which reports directly to the Board of Directors and is independent of the units subject to auditing, conducts internal audits of headquarters, sales branches and subsidiaries in accordance with the Internal Audit Regulations and the Internal Audit Plan, which is established each year by the Board of Directors. The division reports the results and findings
of internal audits on a monthly basis to the Board of Directors, in addition to the Internal Audit Committee, which meets once a month as a rule. Problem areas from the perspective of compliance and risk management and improvement measures are examined during this process.
Group Management Systems
The Group Chief Officer System* was introduced and under the overall supervision of the Group CEO, the Group Chief Officers
are assigned responsibility for their areas of supervision, thereby creating a Group-wide corporate management system. Moreover, a responsible director is assigned to supervise each Group company and meetings of the Group Supervision Committee are held to strengthen understanding, administration, and supervision of the management status of Group companies. In addition, the Chiba Bank’s internal audit units conduct internal audits of subsidiaries and assure proper operations throughout the Chiba Bank Group.
* The following Group Chief Officers are assigned: · Group CEO (Chief Executive Officer)
· Group COO (Chief Operating Officer)
· Group CSO (Chief Strategy Officer)
· Group CRO (Chief Risk Officer)
· Group CBO (Chief Business Officer) · Group CIO (Chief Information Officer)
22 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

   Corporate governance system
  Audit & Supervisory Board system
  Number of directors 9 Of which, outside directors 3 Number of Audit & Supervisory Board members 5 Of which, outside Audit & Supervisory Board members 3
        Number of independent directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
6 (3 outside directors,
3 outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
  Directors who possess the knowledge and experience needed to precisely, fairly and efficiently execute bank management duties have been appointed.
 Name (Appointment)
  Reason for Appointment as a Director
  Hidetoshi Sakuma
(June 2003)
Osamu Kimura
(June 2012)
Norio Takatsu
(June 2016)
Yukihito Inamura
(June 2016)
Tsutomu Yonemoto
(June 2017)
Tadayoshi Shinozaki
(June 2018)
President since March 2009, after serving previously as General Manager of Corporate Planning Division and General Manager of Head Office
Previously served as General Manager of Keisei-ekimae Branch, General Manager of Inage Branch, General Manager of Matsudo Branch, and General Manager of Branch Support Division
Previously served as General Manager of EDP System Division
Previously served as General Manager of New York Branch, General Manager of Public Relations and CSR Division, General Manager of General Secretariat, and General Manager of Human Resources Division
Previously served as General Manager of Hong Kong Branch, General Manager of Akihabara Branch, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division, and General Manager of Business Promotion Division
Previously served as General Manager of London Branch, General Manager of Treasury Division, and General Manager of Corporate Planning Division
            Audit & Supervisory Board members who possess the knowledge and experience to audit the directors’ execution of business accurately, fairly, and efficiently have been appointed.
 Name (Appointment)
  Reason for Appointment as an Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  Toshikazu Okubo
Previously served as General Manager of Yachiyo Branch and General Manager of Corporate Planning Division. Served as a director from June 2011 to June 2016
(June 2016)
Kazuyoshi Fukushima Previously served as General Manager of Risk Management Division and General Manager of Audit and
  (June 2016)
Inspection Division
  Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Outside directors have been appointed for their ability to help improve the Bank’s corporate value over the medium to long term as they apply their knowledge and experience to the management of the Bank toward the strengthening of the decision-making functions and supervisory functions of the Board of Directors.
 Name (Appointment)
  Reason for Appointment as an Outside Director
  Tomoyuki Yokota
(June 2017)
Yuko Tashima
(June 2015)
Yasuko Takayama
(June 2015)
Has a high level of expertise as a judge and attorney, with experience as a Supreme Court Justice and advisor at Nagashima Ohno & Tsunematsu Law Office
Has a high level of expertise as an attorney, with experience as an outside director at other non-financial companies, and public service as an official of the Financial Services Agency
Has experience as a manager of customer service and CSR divisions and as a standing Audit & Supervisory Board member of Shiseido Company Limited, as well as experience as an outside director at other non- financial companies
      The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 23

 Strengthening a Sustainable Management Structure ESG
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members who can enhance auditing functions by applying their knowledge and experience to the
management of the Bank have been appointed.
  Name (Appointment)
  Reason for Appointment as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  Tomohiko Sakamoto
(June 2017)
Kazuhiko Ishihara
(June 2017)
Akio Shirato
(June 2011)
Has a high level of expertise gained through experience as a branch manager, Director-General, Administration Department, and other positions at the Bank of Japan as well as extensive knowledge in finance overall
Has a high level of expertise and extensive knowledge of overall administration gained through experience as Deputy Director-General of Minister’s Secretariat, Ministry of Finance, Director-General, Okinawa Development and Promotion Bureau, Cabinet Office, and other positions
Has broad and deep knowledge of administration and related matters gained from experience as Vice Governor of Chiba Prefecture
      (Relationship with the Chiba Bank)
The Chiba Bank has three outside directors and three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. None of them have any personal relationships with other directors or Audit & Supervisory Board members at the Chiba Bank, nor does the Chiba Bank have any particular beneficial relationships with them.
(Functions and roles in corporate governance)
The Chiba Bank has appointed three outside directors to further strengthen the management decision-making and supervisory functions of business operations. The outside Audit & Supervisory Board members serve a management supervisory function for the Chiba Bank, using their impartial viewpoints from outside of the Bank to audit business operations objectively and reasonably.
They work to implement efficient and effective auditing, cooperating with the representative directors, internal audit units, independent auditor and internal control departments through periodical information exchange and holding interviews as necessary.
(Standards regarding independence)
The Chiba Bank has established standards regarding the independence of outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members in electing members that can satisfy independence while appropriately performing their duties. All the Chiba Bank’s outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members satisfy these standards regarding independence. We have submitted notification to the Tokyo Stock Exchange that the three outside directors and three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members are independent and secure from any risk of conflicts of interest with general shareholders.
(Overview of liability limitation agreements)
Based on Article 427, Section 1 of the Companies Act, the Chiba Bank has entered into liability limitation agreements with the outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members to limit their liability for damages pursuant to Article 423, Section 1 of the Companies Act to the minimum liability amount set forth in Article 425, Section 1 of the Companies Act when they have acted in good faith and have not been grossly negligent in performing their duties.
Remuneration of Directors and
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Remuneration of the Chiba Bank’s directors is based on remuneration regulations established by the Board of Directors, and is determined by the Board of Directors following deliberations by the Appointment, Remuneration and Corporate Advisory Committee, whose members include a majority of outside directors, to ensure that the remuneration is transparent, fair and rational.
To function as a sound incentive for the directors to strive for sustainable growth and enhance corporate value over the medium to long term, equity-based remuneration in the form of stock options, linked to the Chiba Bank’s medium- to long-term earnings performance, is provided as a component of the remuneration packages. From the standpoint of emphasizing soundness
as a financial institution, the Chiba Bank has not introduced remuneration linked to short-term earnings performance.
Remuneration Policies
• Director remuneration consists of a fixed portion comprising fixed remuneration based on rank, and a variable portion comprising fluctuating remuneration linked to stock price performance. However, outside directors only receive fixed remuneration.
• Fixed remuneration based on rank is paid to match the weight of responsibility for each position.
• The ratio of fixed remuneration based on rank to variable remuneration (equity-based remuneration in the form of stock options) is 80:20.
Remuneration Determination Procedure
• Remuneration of a director shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors within the scope of the total remuneration for directors established by resolution of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.
Regarding remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members, a full fixed remuneration shall be determined through discussions with them in order to ensure their independence.
24 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

 Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers As of June 27, 2018 Directors
      Hidetoshi Sakuma
President
(Representative Director) Group Chief Executive Officer
     Osamu Kimura
Deputy President (Representative Director) Group Chief Operating Officer
     Norio Takatsu
Director and
Managing Executive Officer Group Chief Information Officer
  Yukihito Inamura
Director and
Managing Executive Officer Group Chief Risk Officer
  Tsutomu Yonemoto
Director and
Managing Executive Officer Group Chief Business Officer
  Tadayoshi Shinozaki
Director and
Managing Executive Officer Group Chief Strategy Officer
  Tomoyuki Yokota
Non-Standing Director
(Outside Director)
  Yuko Tashima
Non-Standing Director
(Outside Director)
  Yasuko Takayama
Non-Standing Director
(Outside Director)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   Toshikazu Okubo
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  Tomohiko Sakamoto
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member)
  Kazuhiko Ishihara
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member)
  Kazuyoshi Fukushima
Non-Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  Akio Shirato
Non-Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member)
Executive Officers
Shigenobu Sadachi
Managing Executive Officer
Takayuki Hosokai Yuichi Katayama
Hirofumi Kadohata
Managing Executive Officer
Chigusa Saito Haruhiko Miyachi
Arihiko Totsuka
Managing Executive Officer
Hiroshi Seki Kazuyoshi Takayama
Shunichi Ishii
Hironaga Fukuo Kazuhiko Miyagi
Satoru Maki Kiyomi Yamazaki
 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 25

  26
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
Compliance
 Compliance Structure
The Chiba Bank is constantly working on making compliance activities even more effective. We are determined to conduct all of our business activities fairly and in good faith, by complying with all laws and regulations relating to banking transactions, by observing all internal rules and regulatory requirements pertaining to our role in society and by avoiding actions that would fall short of normal social expectations.
Specific action plans and measures to ensure compliance are formulated at regular meetings of the Compliance Committee. This committee is chaired by the President and consists of directors, executive officers, and divisional general managers.
The Compliance Division is responsible for various compliance related tasks, including the administration of compliance regulations and manuals, the preparation and monitoring of training programs and periodic checks on the compliance situation. They also monitor branch-level compliance and provide advice.
Consistent Implementation of Basic Policies
We have a clearly defined code of conduct for employees in the form of the Chiba Bank Code of Ethics. To ensure that these rules are understood and observed, all employees receive a copy of our Compliance Manual, which contains specific guidelines.
Compliance Program
Every year, the Board of Directors establishes a compliance program to provide a specific action plan for achieving further improvements in compliance activities. The execution of this program is checked on a regular basis by the Board of Directors and Compliance Committee.
Protecting Customers and Personal Information
To protect customers and offer them greater convenience, employees of the Chiba Bank receive guidance and training designed to ensure that everyone conducts business with sincerity and fairness. We pay particular attention to complex financial products with risks that include the possible loss of principal and to derivative transactions. In these cases, we comply with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and always perform proper solicitation and sales activities in line with the Chiba Bank Solicitation Policy. Furthermore, we plan to upgrade follow-up activities for customers who use these types of financial products.
Prevention of Money Laundering and Financial Crimes
The Chiba Bank has established the Management Policy to Prevent Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing Activities and follows this policy in making thorough efforts aimed at preventing these problems. In addition, we are reinforcing measures to protect customers from a variety of financial crimes.
Opposition to Antisocial Forces
The Chiba Bank maintains links with police authorities, lawyers, and other external organizations as a structure to provide appropriate countermeasures against unreasonable demands, interference, or other inappropriate approaches from antisocial forces.
Moreover, the Bank has added organized crime disclaimers to all transaction documentation, particularly deposit account regulations, bank transaction agreements, and loan agreements, and is actively adding more measures to counteract antisocial forces.
Management Policy to Prevent Money Laundering
and Terrorism Financing Activities
The Chiba Bank recognizes the importance of preventing money laundering and terrorism financing activities (“money laundering, etc.,” hereinafter) and has established appropriate internal systems for the prevention of money laundering, etc.
Unified Control
The roles and responsibilities of managers and others who
are responsible for preventing money laundering, etc., are clearly defined and control is centralized based on the suitable cooperation of all related departments.
Appropriate Administrative Procedures
The Chiba Bank has established and upgraded administrative procedures that are needed for the prevention of money laundering, etc., such as verification of customer identification, confirmation of frozen assets and other measures, and reports about suspicious transactions.
Employee Training Programs
There are continuous employee training programs on the prevention of money laundering, etc., to ensure that all employees are aware of the related laws and regulations and administrative procedures.
Verification of Effectiveness
The Chiba Bank monitors its internal management system regarding the prevention of money laundering, etc., verifies the effectiveness of these systems, and takes additional steps to upgrade these systems based on the outcomes of monitoring.
 The Chiba Bank Code of Ethics
Earning Unwavering Trust
Remaining constantly aware of the social responsibility and public mission of a bank, the Chiba Bank will strive to earn the unwavering trust of society through sound, appropriate business operations based on the principle of accountability.
Thorough Compliance with Laws,
Rules and Other Fundamental Principles
Complying strictly with all laws and rules and never deviating from social standards, the Chiba Bank will conduct fair and honest business activities.
Opposition to Antisocial Forces
The Chiba Bank will firmly oppose antisocial forces and groups that threaten the order and safety of society and that undermine healthy economic and social development.
Transparent Management
The Chiba Bank will provide active and fair disclosure of management information and manage its operations in a transparent manner.

 Risk Management
 Integrated Risk Management System
The principal forms of risk to which banking operations are subject include credit risk, market risk, and operational risk.
In order to improve profitability and ensure sound business operations, the Chiba Bank considers it necessary to not only individually manage each of these forms of risk, but also to centrally monitor those risks to control within acceptable overall limits.
Accordingly, in addition to assigning divisions to manage overall risk in the Group for each form of risk, the Chiba Bank has an integrated risk management system in which the Risk Management Division centrally monitors these risks. The division engages in detailed management and discussions of risks at meetings of
the ALM Committee, Credit Risk Management Committee, and Operational Risk Management Committee and reports to the Board of Directors on risk-related matters. In addition, the division is developing an integrated risk management system for considering and implementing risk countermeasures.
To ensure an effective risk management system, the Audit
and Inspection Division periodically conducts audits to determine whether risk management is appropriately implemented and reports the audit results to the Board of Directors.
Integrated Risk Management
The basis of risk management at the Chiba Bank is the integrated management of various risks using uniform measures to the extent possible. The term “integrated risk” refers to the sum of credit risk, market risk, and operational risk measurement, forms of risk that can be managed by means of risk quantification.
The Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division, the section responsible for integrated risk management, conducts a comparison of quantified integrated risk and capital, verifies the adequacy of capital with respect to risk, and reports the results quarterly to the Board of Directors. The division also conducts stress tests, a means of verification of capital adequacy in times of stress that involves the assumption of certain stress scenarios, such as deterioration of the corporate environment in a period of recession, or a decrease in land prices, and forecasting the increase in the amount of risk based on the scenarios.
The Chiba Bank has introduced a risk capital allocation system as a concrete framework for integrated risk management. A risk capital allocation system is a mechanism for engaging in business operations that duly recognizes risk and return, such as profitability improvement at business sectors and the effective utilization of capital. The system ensures management soundness by means
of the preallocation of risk capital (the amount of acceptable risk)
to areas such as the domestic banking sector and treasury sector within the scope of capital, an indicator of financial strength.
The Chiba Bank has introduced a risk appetite framework, which it uses to control the occurrence of losses. The framework monitors the current status of risk capital use and risk-return performance in
each business sector. It also performs scenario analysis predicated on future environmental changes.
Credit Risk Management
Credit risk is the risk of incurring a loss because of a decline in, or total loss of, the value of owned assets as a result of deterioration in the financial soundness of debtors. Credit risk accounts for a major portion of risk in banking operations.
The Chiba Bank has developed a rigorous credit risk management system centered on an internal credit rating system and engages in individual credit management and credit portfolio management. In the self-assessment of assets, the Chiba Bank implements appropriate write-offs and provisions.
Also the Chiba Bank has long ensured the independence of the sections involved in credit risk. Specifically, the credit screening
and administrative sections manage credit risk for individual business transactions in the credit executing section (banking offices and sales promotion divisions). The Credit Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division, whose organization and operation are independent from the credit screening and administrative sections and the credit executing sections, is a credit risk management section that engages in unified management of overall credit risk. The Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division is a unified risk management section that engages in the integrated management of all forms of risk, including credit risk. The Audit and Inspection Division audits operations in the business units involved in credit risk management.
The Credit Risk Management Committee meets regularly and considers credit risk management policy, monitors the operation of the internal credit rating system and the credit portfolio, and works to ensure the quality of loan assets.
Internal Credit Rating System
The Chiba Bank uses an internal credit rating system to place borrowers into 15 credit rating categories on the basis of financial data such as financial condition and cash flow. We strive to enhance the identification and examination of the financial circumstances at companies, the starting point of credit risk management, by means of periodic annual reviews and reviews at other times in accordance with the status of individual debtors. The internal credit rating system is the core of credit risk management and is extensively used in actual management, such as credit pricing standards and approval authorization.
Individual Asset Credit Management
The banking branches or offices and the Credit and Supervisory Department in the Credit Division take the lead with regard to examining individual applications for credit, engaging in rigorous investigations in accordance with screening criteria on the basis of the basic principles of credit (safety, profitability, liquidity, growth potential
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 27

 Risk Management
 and public good). The Business Support Department in the Business Support Division provides support for the financial soundness of borrowers who need to improve their operations, and the Credit Administration Department in the Business Support Division engages in resolution and collection activities with regard to Bankrupt Debtors and other borrowers. The Chiba Bank strives to accumulate high- quality loan assets and minimize future losses through this practice of advanced screening and supervision after credit has been extended.
Credit Portfolio Management
Credit portfolio management is the management of the risk
of incurring a major loss due to the concentration of individual loans in specific countries or specific industries. The Credit Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division monitors the state of credit risk from various perspectives, such as by country, by industry, and by customer credit rating, and works to improve the quality of the credit portfolio by taking any necessary measures, including setting the maximum credit limit.
In credit portfolio management, the Chiba Bank engages in the quantification of credit risk. The quantification of credit risk is the forecasting by statistical methods of the amount of future losses (the amount of risk) forecasted to occur due to circumstances such as borrower bankruptcy or worsening business performance. We measure value at risk (VaR: the assumed maximum loss) as the amount of risk and strive to increase the soundness of the credit portfolio by accumulating and organizing default data and loan recovery data from defaulted borrowers.
By importing the quantitative results into various systems, we utilize them in loan pricing that reflects credit risk and other
Risk Management System
processes. In this way, we aim to ensure more appropriate interest rate levels than were previously possible and refine risk management.
Self-Assessment of Assets
Self-assessment of assets is the practice whereby financial institutions review and analyze their own assets individually and classify them on the basis of asset value impairment and the risk
of default. Self-assessment of assets is obligatory for financial institutions under the system of prompt corrective action under the Banking Law. The system of prompt corrective action is a system by which administrative measures are triggered in accordance with the state of the capital ratio of financial institutions. A prerequisite to the accurate calculation of capital is implementation of appropriate write- offs and provisions and the preparation of financial statements that, to the extent possible, objectively reflect the actual state of asset quality.
At the Chiba Bank, branches and offices conduct self- assessments of assets on the basis of Asset Self-Assessment Regulations, and the credit screening and administrative sections check details of self-assessments. Next, the Audit and Inspection Division conducts an audit to verify the accuracy of the self- assessment results and process. According to the results of these assessments, the Credit Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division calculates the amounts of provisions, and the Credit Administration Department in the Business Support Division implements write-offs. Finally, the Audit and Inspection Division conducts an audit. Through this process, the Chiba Bank rigorously maintains the soundness of its assets.
  Audit & Supervisory Board
Board of Directors
         ALM Committee
Credit Risk Management Committee
Operational Risk Management Committee
           28
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
Risk Management Section
  Integrated Management
Risk Management Division
      Primary
Various Risks
Control
Integrated Risk
Market Risk
Liquidity Risk
Credit Risk
Operational Risk
 Operation Planning Division EDP System Division Human Resources Division Corporate Administration Division
  Risk Operation Section
Branches, Headquarters, Subsidiaries
 Secondary Control
  Audit Section
Audit and Inspection Division
 
  Market Risk Management
Market risk is the risk of incurring a loss due to a change in the value of owned assets as a result of fluctuations in interest rates, prices of securities or other financial instruments, or exchange rates.
The Chiba Bank has introduced an ALM management system with respect to market risk. The ALM Committee meets periodically to discuss and decide detailed measures to counter interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk and price fluctuation risk, and manage overall market risk.
Specifically, as part of the Risk Capital Allocation System, within the scope of the risk capital allocated to the business sectors,
the Chiba Bank sets and manages risk limits for the amount of market risk (value at risk or VaR: the assumed maximum loss) for each product, such as securities investments and other market transactions or loans and deposits. In this way, we strive to ensure management soundness. In addition to VaR management of market transactions, the Chiba Bank sets upper limits for market investments according to the balance and alarm point of valuation differences and implements risk control by reviewing investment policy each quarter.
The allotment of market operations among the front office (the Treasury Division and overseas branches), back office (the Treasury Operation Division), and middle office (the Market Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division) results in the mutual control of each section.
Liquidity Risk Management
Liquidity risk consists of cash flow risk and market liquidity risk. Cash flow risk is the risk of incurring a loss due to failure to maintain cash flow as a result of the inability to secure necessary funds or the necessity of procuring funds at significantly higher interest rates than usual due to the worsening of the financial institution’s financial position or other circumstances. Market liquidity risk is the risk of incurring a loss due to the inability to trade on markets or the necessity of trading at prices significantly less favorable than usual due to market turmoil or other circumstances.
At the Chiba Bank, the Treasury Division is the section that manages cash flow. The division ascertains the market environment and analyzes the state of investment and procurement of funds.
With respect to cash flow risk, the division engages in appropriate day-to-day cash flow management through such means as the establishment of upper limits to ensure that the amount of funds procured on the market is not excessive and the maintenance of
a certain minimum level of assets as a liquidity reserve that can be converted to cash in a short time. The Chiba Bank manages market liquidity risk by setting limits on daily positions taken in market trading.
As the section that manages risk, the Market Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division strives to avoid increases in liquidity risk by identifying and assessing various factors that affect liquidity risk and monitoring the observance of limits.
The ALM Committee meets to discuss and decide matters related to liquidity risk, as it does with market risk.
The Chiba Bank also maintains a crisis management plan that provides for a rapid, network-wide response in the event of unforeseen circumstances that could affect the Chiba Bank’s cash flow.
Operational Risk Management
Operational risk is the risk of incurring losses due to the inappropriateness of business processes, employee activities, or systems or external events.
The Chiba Bank classifies operational risk into clerical risk, system risk, human risk, tangible asset risk, and reputational risk. Human risk is the risk of a loss occurring due to workplace safety, discrimination, or the like. Tangible asset risk is the risk of a loss occurring due to damage to buildings or facilities or the like. Reputational risk is the risk of a loss occurring due to loss of public confidence resulting from deterioration of the Chiba Bank’s reputation.
In its risk management structure, the Chiba Bank decides the corporate divisions having jurisdiction over the various forms of operational risk (the Operation Planning Division for clerical risk, the EDP System Division for system risk, the Human Resources Division for human risk, and the Corporate Administration Division for tangible asset risk), and the divisions collaborate
in risk management under the overall management of the Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division, which is responsible for central oversight of risk. The Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division directly manages reputational risk and the Compliance Division jointly manages legal risk and compliance-related risk included in the various risk categories with the corporate divisions that have jurisdiction.
The Chiba Bank has an Operational Risk Management Committee. On the basis of direct involvement in management, the committee receives reports concerning the state of operational risk losses and develops a management structure for improving and correcting problem areas by means of a PDCA cycle involving the preparation of a risk management plan, development of management regulations, and evaluation and improvement. To ensure the effectiveness of management by means of this PDCA cycle, the Chiba Bank has introduced Control Self-Assessment (CSA), by which it formulates and implements measures to identify, assess, monitor, and manage the details of risk, as well as to reduce risk. Management by means of CSA entails responding to operational risk loss events that have occurred at the Chiba Bank as well as preventing problems from occurring by evaluating the adequacy of the Chiba Bank’s management system. This is based on scenarios prepared using loss events that have occurred at other banks or in other industries and devising countermeasures as necessary.
Clerical Risk Management
Clerical risk is the risk of incurring a loss due to the failure to perform
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 29

 30
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
Risk Management
 accurate clerical work, clerical accidents or fraud, or the failure to perform official obligations or provide explanations to customers.
The Chiba Bank considers accurate clerical work to be essential to obtain the trust of customers, and the Operation Planning Division plays a central role in the performance of exact clerical work in accordance with basic procedures and in the effort to prevent clerical accidents.
Specifically, the division prepares clerical standards that indicate detailed clerical procedures for each operation; ensures the correct handling of cash, promissory notes, passbooks, and other important items; provides guidance on clerical management systems at branches, offices, and headquarters; and conducts training to raise the standard of clerical work.
The branches and offices periodically conduct self-assessments and strive to ensure clerical accuracy and raise the level of clerical work through monitoring and verification by the Operation Planning Division.
With regard to the auditing system, the Audit and Inspection Division visits all branches, offices, and headquarters at least once a year and conducts rigorous audits of all clerical work in accordance with auditing standards. The division promptly notifies the branches, offices, and headquarters of the audit results, periodically reports to the Board of Directors, and implements a framework for reflecting audit results in clerical improvements.
System Risk Management
System risk is the risk of incurring a loss resulting from a leak
or falsification of information owned by the Chiba Bank or the unauthorized use, failure, or incorrect operation of computer systems.
The Chiba Bank possesses customer transaction data and various other types of information and has developed systems to process that information. To ensure the provision of various services to customers, the role of computer systems in banking operations is increasing year by year, and a system risk event would result in great inconvenience to customers. For this reason, we regard system risk management as increasingly important.
The EDP System Division plays a central role in devising measures to ensure the stable operation of computer systems. Specifically, the Chiba Bank duplicates hardware and circuits for account systems and other backbone systems and maintains
a framework for rapidly switching to the backup system so that business can continue in the event of a failure. In addition, for all computer systems, including those used individually at departments, the Chiba Bank has implemented a rigorous data management system, measures to prevent unauthorized access or the introduction of viruses, and the preparation of a contingency plan to provide for unforeseen circumstances such as large-scale disasters.
Moreover, in terms of cybersecurity, the Bank continues to take measures to ensure customer safety and security.
As part of audit procedures, the Audit and Inspection Division
conducts audits of computer systems throughout the organization.
Business Continuity System
In addition to the risk management system described above,
the Chiba Bank maintains a business continuity system to allow essential operations to continue for the preservation of the financial system during an unexpected disaster such as an earthquake or pandemic influenza. Centered in the Risk Management Department in the Risk Management Division, this system focuses on the rapid restoration of operations that the Chiba Bank would be forced to suspend during an emergency.
Currently, in addition to preparing for a large-scale earthquake such as an earthquake directly under the Tokyo metropolitan area, the Chiba Bank is upgrading its management systems, including its countermeasures against a variety of risks such as complex disasters involving tsunami or volcanic eruptions.
Basel III Compliance
The Basel III capital adequacy regulation was first applied in the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2013. Changes to the new regulation compared with the earlier Basel II regulation include tighter rules
for items included in capital and an increase in the number of items excluded with the aim of improving the quality of capital. Other changes include additional provision for risks relating to transactions with large financial institutions and derivative transactions. Banks
will also be required to meet minimum capital adequacy standards based on four capital ratios: total capital ratio, Tier 1 capital ratio, common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, and capital buffer ratio (applicable from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016). Basel III consists of
three pillars. Pillar 1 is a minimum capital ratio, which is the level of capital required to cover a bank’s risk. Pillar 2 is the development of capital strategies by banks and verification by regulatory authorities. Pillar 3 is the assurance of market discipline through the increased disclosure of information. Under the regulation, each bank selects a method of calculating minimum required capital according to its risk profile and risk management method.
The basic policy of the Chiba Bank is to expand its business by upgrading internal management, and it is proactively complying with the regulation as part of its policy of building an integrated risk management system. With regard to the calculation of minimum required capital, we have adopted the foundation internal ratings- based (FIRB) approach for credit risk and standardized approach for operational risk (both approaches require the approval of regulatory authorities) and more thoroughly reflect risk in capital ratios.
Furthermore, for Pillar 3, disclosure of the leverage ratio was started as an indicator to complement the capital ratios.
Going forward, a number of new requirements will be introduced, including the net stable funding ratio. The Chiba Bank is currently developing and strengthening management systems to comply with these regulations.

  Financial and
Corporate Information
32 Five-Year Summary (Consolidated)
33 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
34 Asset Quality
36 Consolidated Balance Sheet
37 Consolidated Statement of Income
37 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
38 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
39 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
40 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
61 Independent Auditor’s Report
62 Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)
63 Non-Consolidated Statement of Income (Unaudited)
64 Supplementary Information (Unaudited)
67 Organization
68 Subsidiaries
69 Corporate Data
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 31

 Five-Year Summary (Consolidated)
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31
For the Year
Total Income
Total Expenses
Profit before Income Taxes
Profit
Profit Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
At Year-End
Total Assets
Loans and Bills Discounted
Securities 2,381,490 Deposits 11,984,784
Millions of Yen*1
Thousands of U.S. Dollars*2
  2018
 ¥ 234,166
157,077
77,089
53,796
—
53,796
¥14,381,815
9,774,912
2,169,542
12,468,379
943,236
13.18%
12.57
0.70
   2018
 $ 2,204,129
1,478,516
725,613
506,363
—
506,363
$135,371,001
92,007,839
20,421,147
117,360,499
8,878,353
13.18%
12.57
0.70
    Net Assets
Capital Ratio (BIS guidelines) PER (Times)
PBR (Times)
Per Share
Profit
Net Assets
900,550 13.59% 10.94 0.63
65.32 1,128.31
Yen
67.03 1,053.76
U.S. Dollars
¥
2017
227,850 151,243 76,606 52,730
— 52,730
2016
228,702 143,826 84,875 55,444
— 55,444
¥13,333,858 8,769,113 2,455,700
11,486,430 866,398 13.79% 8.36 0.53
2015
229,395 141,162 88,232 57,033
— 57,033
¥12,969,442 8,438,684 2,362,229
11,218,113 858,747 14.66% 12.96 0.85
2014
217,995 140,775 77,220 47,382
944 46,438
¥12,023,627 8,061,697 2,180,202
10,495,839 766,187 13.69% 11.71 0.71
¥14,095,743 9,268,854
¥
¥
¥
   ¥ 67.98
1,207.15
   $ 0.64
11.36
 ¥
¥
¥
68.02 1,030.64
¥
54.29 895.60
  32
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
*1 Japanese yen amounts are presented in millions of yen by rounding down figures below one million. As a result, the totals in Japanese yen in the consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of individual amounts.
*2 U.S. dollar amounts are shown solely for the convenience of the readers of this Annual Report and are translated at the rate of ¥106.24 to $1.00, the exchange rate prevailing at March 31, 2018.

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Financial and Economic Environment
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Japanese economy continued to stage a gradual recovery, as personal consumption trended firmly as a result of improved employment and income levels and other factors. Corporate earnings also trended at a high level overall, mainly supported by a buoyant global economy.
Turning to financial market conditions, the unsecured overnight call rate stood at around –0.05% throughout the fiscal year. Secondary market yields on long-term government bonds trended at around +0.05%. The Nikkei Stock Average had been trending at above ¥23,000 from the second half of the fiscal year supported by strong corporate earnings, but had fallen to the ¥21,000 level by the end of the fiscal year due to the impact of interest rate hikes in the U.S.
Review of FY2017
In this financial and economic environment, the Chiba Bank pushed ahead with “Best Bank 2020 Final Stage—3 years of value co-creation,” the Bank’s 13th medium term management plan running from April 2017. Under this plan, we have vigorously implemented various measures to become a “Best Retail” Banking Group, providing the highest satisfaction and impressing our regional customers, including individuals and small- and medium- sized enterprises through advanced services.
Among these efforts, we accelerated initiatives under the Chiba-Musashino Alliance and the TSUBASA Alliance, which are our two strategic alliances.
Under the Chiba-Musashino Alliance, we established Chiba- Musashino Alliance Co., Ltd. in April 2017 through equal joint investment by both banks, and conducted strategic decision- making, management of initiatives, and so forth. In addition, Chibagin Securities Co., Ltd. opened four branches in Saitama Prefecture and started collaborating in the securities business.
In the TSUBASA Alliance, we continued discussions toward starting provision of API and FinTech services using the TSUBASA FinTech Platform. In addition, the Bank and The Daishi Bank, Ltd. concluded a basic agreement toward sharing their administrative operations.
In operations, the entire Group focused on regional revitaliza- tion. Furthermore, we took proactive initiatives to offer loans and core business support for business partners based on evaluation of their businesses. In the asset management business, we for- mulated and announced our policy regarding customer-oriented business operations (fiduciary duties) and implemented measures from the customer’s perspective.
In other areas, we took steps to achieve high productivity by promoting work style reform, improving the efficiency of loan operations, and enhancing the effectiveness of branches and their operations. At branches, we strove to make further advances in customer service by utilizing IT to reduce wait times and so forth. We also reallocated staff and created an environment where
they can focus completely on customer service by reducing their clerical workload.
Operating Results
Total income increased by ¥6.3 billion from the previous fiscal year to ¥234.1 billion, mainly due to increases in interest income, including interest on loans and discounts, and fees and commis- sions. Total expenses increased by ¥5.8 billion from the previous
fiscal year to ¥157.0 billion, mainly due to increases in other expenses including write-offs of loans.
As a result, profit before income taxes increased by ¥0.4 billion from the previous fiscal year to ¥77.0 billion. Profit attributable to owners of parent increased by ¥1.0 billion to ¥53.7 billion.
Cash Flows
Net cash used in operating activities was ¥100.8 billion, mainly due to an increase in loans and bills discounted. Net cash provided by investing activities was ¥210.1 billion, mainly due to sales of securities. Net cash used in financing activities was ¥25.9 billion, mainly due to the purchase of treasury shares.
As a result, cash and cash equivalents was ¥1,697.7 billion as of March 31, 2018, an increase of ¥83.4 billion compared with the previous fiscal year-end.
Financial Condition
The balance of total assets reached ¥14,381.8 billion as of March 31, 2018, an increase of ¥286.0 billion from a year earlier. The balance of net assets amounted to ¥943.2 billion as of the fiscal year-end, an increase of ¥42.6 billion from a year earlier.
Looking at the main account balances, the balance of deposits including NCDs as of March 31, 2018 was ¥12,468.3 billion, an increase of ¥483.5 billion from the previous fiscal year-end. This increase reflected our efforts to provide a variety of financial prod- ucts and services, as well as a campaign to encourage customers to make the Chiba Bank their main banking institution for salary and pension payments and other household needs.
The balance of loans and bills discounted increased by ¥506.0 billion from the previous fiscal year-end to ¥9,774.9 billion as of March 31, 2018, reflecting our efforts to actively respond to the borrowing needs of both corporate and individual customers.
The balance of securities decreased by ¥211.9 billion from the previous fiscal year-end to ¥2,169.5 billion as of March 31, 2018.
Dividends Policy
In light of the vital public role of the banking sector, the Bank’s basic policy is to actively return profits to shareholders through stable dividends and share buybacks while maintaining sound financial health, in conjunction with effectively deploying capital
to drive growth. Moreover, our basic dividend policy is to pay
out dividends twice a year via an interim dividend and a year-end dividend, with record dates of September 30 and March 31 every year, respectively. The interim dividend is approved by resolution of the Board of Directors, while the year-end dividend is approved by resolution at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.
In terms of the dividends for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, a year-end dividend of ¥7.5 per share was approved at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. As a result, the total annual dividend, including an interim dividend of ¥7.5 per share, was ¥15 per share.
Outlook for FY2018
For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019, our earnings forecasts are ordinary profit of ¥80.0 billion and profit attributable to owners of parent of ¥54.5 billion.
Our annual dividend forecast is ¥16 per share, including a projected interim dividend of ¥8 per share.
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 33

 Asset Quality
 The Chiba Bank is constantly working on preserving and improving the quality of its assets by using measures such as proper handling of non-performing loans, prevention of new occurrences of non-performing loans, and support to the financial rehabilitation of borrowers.
Non-performing loans are loans and other claims for which the collection of principal and interest are in doubt because of a bankruptcy or poor business performance.
Interest income from loans and other assets is the primary source of income for a bank. Consequently, difficulties in the collection of loans may have a material impact on a bank’s financial condition. To maintain the quality of assets, we have upgraded and enhanced thorough credit screening and risk management systems.
Claims disclosed under the Financial Reconstruction Law were ¥127.0 billion as of March 31, 2018, and the non-performing loan ratio was 1.27%.
The Head Office and branches of the Chiba Bank will continue to work together, while using the resources of Small and Medium Enterprises Revitalization Support Councils and other external organizations, to extend support that enables customers to improve their business operations.
Debtor Classification
Self-Assessment and Debtor Classification
Self-assessment of assets is the process whereby financial institutions individually review and analyze assets and classify them on the basis of asset value impairment and the risk of default. Loans and other assets are classified into five categories according to debtor creditworthiness: Normal Debtors, Debtors Requiring Caution, Potentially Bankrupt Debtors, Effectively Bankrupt Debtors, and Bankrupt Debtors. In the Debtors Requiring Caution category, borrowers for whom loan repayment terms have been eased are classified as Substandard Debtors.
Disposal of Non-Performing Assets
The Chiba Bank has taken appropriate measures to dispose of non-performing assets by implementing write-offs and providing allowances at the end of each quarter on the basis of the results of a rigorous self-assessment of assets. With respect to major debtors, the Chiba Bank calculates the allowance for loan losses using the Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) method for Substandard Assets and Potentially Bankrupt Assets.
Moreover, the allowance for loan losses from Bankrupt Debtors and Effectively Bankrupt Debtors makes up the full amount of the
 Normal Debtors
 Debtors whose business situation is good and whose financial position gives no cause for concern.
 Debtors Requiring Caution
Debtors who are viewed with concern because of stagnant or unstable business performance, including losses.
 Potentially Bankrupt Debtors
  Debtors who are not currently bankrupt but are seen as being at serious risk of bankruptcy.
 Effectively Bankrupt Debtors
 Debtors who are bankrupt in real terms, even though legal and formal bankruptcy proceedings have not been implemented.
 Bankrupt Debtors
 Debtors who have become bankrupt under various circumstances, including bankruptcy procedures, corporate liquidation, corporate rehabilitation and civil rehabilitation.
   Risk-Monitored Loans
(¥ billion)
 Non-Consolidated
Consolidated
 As of March 31, 2017
 As of March 31, 2018
 As of March 31, 2017
 As of March 31, 2018
Loans to Bankrupt Borrowers
 2.2
 1.3
 1.8
 1.2
 Delinquent Loans
83.8
84.9
81.4
82.7
 Loans Past Due 3 Months or More
 1.3
 1.1
 1.3
 1.1
 Restructured Loans
 51.4
 39.3
 51.4
 39.3
 Total
  138.9
  126.7
  136.2
  124.4
  34
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

  claims not covered by collateral. The allowance for loan losses from Potentially Bankrupt Debtors is equal to the amount of expected losses calculated on the past loan loss ratio, as a rule.
The coverage ratio, calculated as the allowance for loan losses added to collateral and guarantees stands at 72.0%, indicating a high level of security on the basis of claims disclosed under the Financial Reconstruction Law and limited cause for concern about the occurrence of future losses.
Disclosure of Non-Performing Assets
Under banking regulations, disclosure of non-performing assets includes reporting of 1) Risk-Monitored Loans as defined in the Banking Law (hereinafter Risk-Monitored Loans) and 2) disclosed claims under the Financial Reconstruction Law.
Disclosure of Risk-Monitored Loans includes only the amount of such loans, while disclosed claims under the Financial Reconstruction Law include customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees other than loans, accrued interest, foreign exchange, and other assets, with the exception of Substandard Claims.
Risk-Monitored Loans
In the classification of Risk-Monitored Loans, Loans to
Bankrupt Borrowers corresponds to Bankrupt Assets under self-assessment, Delinquent Loans corresponds to Effectively Bankrupt Assets and Potentially Bankrupt Assets under self- assessment, and Loans Past Due Three Months or More and Restructured Loans correspond to loans delinquent three months or more and loans for which repayment terms have been eased, respectively, in Assets Requiring Caution.
Disclosed Claims under the Financial Reconstruction Law
With regard to disclosure of claims under the Financial Reconstruction Law, the Chiba Bank discloses Claims of Bankrupt Debtors and Effectively Bankrupt Debtors under self- assessment as Bankrupt and Substantially Bankrupt Claims, Claims of Potentially Bankrupt Debtors under self-assessment as Doubtful Claims, and loans delinquent three months or more and loans for which repayment terms have been eased in Claims of Debtors Requiring Caution under self-assessment as Substandard Claims.
Disclosed Claims under the Financial Reconstruction Law (Non-Consolidated) (¥ billion)
 As of March 31, 2017
As of March 31, 2018
Bankrupt and Substantially Bankrupt Claims
 17.8
 17.0
 Doubtful Claims
68.4
69.4
 Substandard Claims
  52.8
  40.4
 Total
139.0
127.0
 Normal Claims
 9,275.2
 9,803.7
 Non-Performing Loan Ratio (%)
 1.47
 1.27
 Coverage Ratio (%)
  71.1
  72.0
   Comparison of Classifications under Self-Assessment, Financial Reconstruction Law and Risk-Monitored Loans
(Non-Consolidated) (As of March 31, 2018) (¥ billion)
 Asset Classification under Self-Assessment
Risk-Monitored Loans under the Banking Law
Disclosed Claims under
the Financial Reconstruction Law
Bankrupt Assets and
Effectively Bankrupt Assets 17.0
Loans to Bankrupt Borrowers 1.3
 Bankrupt and Substantially
Bankrupt Claims 17.0
Delinquent Loans 84.9
 Potentially Bankrupt Assets 69.4
 Doubtful Claims 69.4
 Assets Requiring Caution
871.9
  Substandard Assets 45.6
 Loans Past Due 3 Months or More 1.1
 Substandard Claims 40.4
 Restructured Loans 39.3
   Normal Claims 9,803.7
 Other Assets Requiring Caution 826.2
 Normal Assets 8,972.2
  Total Assets 9,930.7
  Loans Outstanding 9,816.0
 Total Claims 9,930.7
   The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 35

 Consolidated Balance Sheet
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2018
Assets
Cash and Due from Banks (Note 26) Call Loans and Bills Bought Receivables under Resale Agreements Monetary Claims Bought
Trading Assets (Notes 5 and 32)
Money Held in Trust (Note 34)
Securities (Notes 6, 11, 32 and 33)
Loans and Bills Discounted (Notes 7, 11 and 32) Foreign Exchanges (Note 8)
Other Assets (Notes 9 and 11)
Tangible Fixed Assets (Notes 10 and 19)
Intangible Fixed Assets
Net Defined Benefit Asset (Note 18)
Deferred Tax Assets (Note 29)
Customers’ Liabilities for Acceptances and Guarantees Allowance for Loan Losses
Total Assets
Liabilities
Deposits (Notes 11, 12 and 32)
Call Money and Bills Sold
Payables under Repurchase Agreements (Note 11) Payables under Securities Lending Transactions (Note 11) Trading Liabilities (Notes 13 and 32)
Borrowed Money (Notes 11 and 14)
Foreign Exchanges (Note 15)
Bonds Payable (Note 16)
Borrowed Money from Trust Account
Other Liabilities (Note 17)
Net Defined Benefit Liability (Note 18)
Provision for Directors’ Retirement Benefits
Provision for Reimbursement of Deposits
Provision for Point Loyalty Programs
Reserve under Special Laws
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Note 29)
Deferred Tax Liabilities for Land Revaluation (Note 19) Acceptances and Guarantees
Total Liabilities
Net Assets
Capital Stock (Note 20) Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Treasury Shares
Total Shareholders’ Equity
Valuation Difference on Available-for-sale Securities (Note 35) Deferred Gains or Losses on Hedges
Revaluation Reserve for Land (Note 19)
Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans
Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Subscription Rights to Shares
Total Net Assets
Total Liabilities and Net Assets
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
2018
$ 17,368,207 713,489 141,189 201,889 1,148,996 290,958 20,421,147 92,007,839 30,007 1,750,223 936,340 111,619 10,100 42,689 457,172
(260,863) $135,371,001
$117,360,499 — 160,824 2,450,937 118,906 3,147,646 5,528 1,070,354 9,072 1,133,838 140,231 1,249 28,941 4,541 206 300,551 102,155 457,172 126,492,648
1,365,485 1,149,606 5,656,361
(557,758) 7,613,694 1,147,878
17,158 101,682
(6,872) 1,259,846 4,813 8,878,353 $135,371,001
        2018
¥ 1,845,198 75,801 14,999 21,448 122,069 30,911 2,169,542 9,774,912 3,187 185,943 99,476 11,858 1,072 4,535 48,569
(27,714)
¥14,381,815
¥12,468,379 — 17,085 260,387 12,632 334,405 587 113,714 963 120,458 14,898 132 3,074 482 21 31,930 10,852 48,569
13,438,578
145,069 122,134 600,931
(59,256)
808,878 121,950 1,822 10,802
(730)
133,846 511
943,236
¥14,381,815
2017
¥ 1,806,514 154,078 14,999 21,626 129,820 28,140 2,381,490 9,268,854 4,563 144,579 101,185 10,942 — 5,326 56,172
(32,551)
¥14,095,743
¥11,984,784 250,000 — 318,992 16,474 279,442 692 117,267 62 108,149 22,838 169 2,920 506 22 25,765 10,930 56,172
13,195,193
145,069 122,134 566,050
(52,219)
781,033 109,427 1,510 10,733
(2,577)
119,093 423
900,550
¥14,095,743
                               36
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

 Consolidated Statement of Income
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2018
Income
Interest Income:
Interest on Loans and Discounts Interest and Dividends on Securities Other Interest Income
Trust Fees
Fees and Commissions
Trading Income (Note 21)
Other Ordinary Income (Note 22) Other Income (Note 23)
Total Income Expenses
Interest Expenses:
Interest on Deposits
Interest on Borrowings and Rediscounts Other Interest Expenses
Fees and Commissions Payments Other Ordinary Expenses (Note 24) General and Administrative Expenses Other Expenses (Note 25)
Total Expenses
Profit before Income Taxes
Income Taxes—Current
Income Taxes—Deferred
Profit
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2018
Profit
Other Comprehensive Income (Note 27)
Valuation Difference on Available-for-sale Securities
Deferred Gains or Losses on Hedges
Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans
Share of Other Comprehensive Income of Associates Accounted for Using
Equity Method
Total Other Comprehensive Income Comprehensive Income
(Breakdown)
Comprehensive Income Attributable to Owners of Parent
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of Yen (Note 1) 2017
¥107,525 25,282 2,725 2 48,282 4,825 5,464 33,741 227,850
6,038 734 9,817 17,871 4,237 90,368 22,177 151,243 76,606 20,050 3,826 ¥ 52,730 ¥ 52,730
Millions of Yen (Note 1) 2017
¥52,730
5,486 1,278 1,283
19 8,067 ¥60,798
¥60,798
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
  2018
 ¥108,285
25,684
3,528
16
52,701
5,686
5,378
32,885
 234,166
 8,374
1,764
8,786
17,777
3,249
91,193
25,931
 157,077
 77,089
22,969
323
 ¥ 53,796
 ¥ 53,796
   2018
 $1,019,257
241,760
33,210
154
496,060
53,526
50,622
309,540
 2,204,129
 78,825
16,609
82,709
167,330
30,587
858,369
244,086
 1,478,516
 725,613
216,204
3,045
 $ 506,363
 $ 506,363
                   Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
  2018
 ¥53,796
12,371
312
1,847
151
 14,683
 ¥68,479
 ¥68,479
  2018
 $506,363
116,453
2,943
17,393
1,424
 138,213
 $644,577
 $644,577
            The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 37

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2018
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
  Shareholders’ Equity
Capital Retained Surplus Earnings
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
  Capital Stock
¥145,069
— — — —
—
— —
¥145,069
Treasury Shares
Defined Benefit Comprehensive
Total Net Assets
¥866,398
(11,783) 52,730 (15,027) 256
316
7,657 34,151
¥900,550
Total Shareholders’ Equity
Valuation Difference on Available-for- Sale Securities
Deferred Gains or Losses on Hedges
Revaluation Reserve for Land
¥11,050
— — — —
—
(316) (316)
¥10,733
Remeasure- ments of
Total Accumulated Other
Subscription Rights
to Shares
¥516
— — — —
—
(92) (92)
¥423
   Balance at March 31, 2016
Cash Dividends
Profit
Purchase of Treasury Shares
Disposal of Treasury Shares
Reversal of Revaluation Reserve for Land
Net Changes of Items other than Shareholders’ Equity
Total of Items during FY2016 Balance at March 31, 2017
Cash Dividends
Profit
Purchase of Treasury Shares
Disposal of Treasury Shares
Retirement of Treasury Shares
Reversal of Revaluation Reserve for Land
Net Changes of Items other than Shareholders’ Equity
Total of Items during FY2017
Balance at March 31, 2018
Balance at March 31, 2017
Cash Dividends
Profit
Purchase of Treasury Shares
Disposal of Treasury Shares
Retirement of Treasury Shares
Reversal of Revaluation Reserve for Land
Net Changes of Items other than Shareholders’ Equity
Total of Items during FY2017
Balance at March 31, 2018
¥122,134 ¥524,817 ¥(37,480) ¥754,540 ¥103,921
¥
¥1,510
Plans
¥(3,861)
— — — —
—
1,283 1,283
¥(2,577)
Income
¥111,342
— — — —
—
7,750 7,750
¥119,093
   — (11,783) — (11,783) — 52,730 — 52,730 — — (15,027) (15,027) — (31) 288 256
— 316 — 316
— ——— — 41,232 (14,738) 26,493
¥122,134 ¥566,050 ¥(52,219) ¥781,033
— — — —
—
5,505 5,505
¥109,427
231
— — — —
—
1,278 1,278
     —
 —
 (11,900)
 —
 (11,900)
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (11,900)
—
—
53,796
—
53,796
—
—
—
—
—
—
53,796
—
—
—
(14,058)
(14,058)
—
—
—
—
—
—
(14,058)
—
—
(14)
91
77
—
—
—
—
—
—
77
—
—
(6,930)
6,930
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(69)
—
(69)
—
—
—
—
—
—
(69)
—
—
—
—
—
12,523
312
69
1,847
14,752
88
14,841
—
 —
 34,881
 (7,036)
 27,844
 12,523
 312
 69
 1,847
 14,752
 88
 42,686
 ¥145,069
 ¥122,134
 ¥600,931
 ¥(59,256)
 ¥808,878
 ¥121,950
 ¥1,822
 ¥10,802
 ¥ (730)
 ¥133,846
 ¥511
 ¥943,236
    Capital Stock
Capital Surplus
Treasury Shares
Defined Benefit Comprehensive Plans Income
Total Net Assets
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
  Shareholders’ Equity
Retained Earnings
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
  Total Shareholders’ Equity
Valuation Difference on Available-for- sale Securities
Deferred Gains or Losses on Hedges
Revaluation Reserve for Land
Remeasure- ments of
Total Accumulated Other
Subscription Rights
to Shares
   $1,365,485 $1,149,606 $5,328,035 $(491,527) $7,351,599 $1,030,001 $14,215 $101,031 $(24,265) $1,120,982 $3,982 $8,476,564
  —
 —
 (112,016)
 —
 (112,016)
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (112,016)
—
—
506,363
—
506,363
—
—
—
—
—
—
506,363
—
—
—
(132,327)
(132,327)
—
—
—
—
—
—
(132,327)
—
—
(133)
858
725
—
—
—
—
—
—
725
—
—
(65,238)
65,238
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(651)
—
(651)
—
—
—
—
—
—
(651)
—
—
—
—
—
117,877
2,943
651
17,393
138,864
830
139,695
—
 —
 328,325
 (66,231)
 262,095
 117,877
 2,943
 651
 17,393
 138,864
 830
 401,789
 $1,365,485
 $1,149,606
 $5,656,361
 $(557,758)
 $7,613,694
 $1,147,878
 $17,158
 $101,682
 $ (6,872)
 $1,259,846
 $4,813
 $8,878,353
    38
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
See notes to consolidated financial statements.

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2018
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Profit before Income Taxes
Depreciation and Amortization
Impairment Loss
Equity in (Earnings) Losses of Affiliates
Increase (Decrease) in Allowance for Loan Losses
Decrease (Increase) in Net Defined Benefit Asset
Increase (Decrease) in Net Defined Benefit Liability
Increase (Decrease) in Provision for Directors’ Retirement Benefits Increase (Decrease) in Provision for Reimbursement of Deposits Increase (Decrease) in Provision for Point Loyalty Programs Interest Income
Financing Expenses
Loss (Gain) Related to Securities
Loss (Gain) on Money Held in Trust
Foreign Exchange Losses (Gains)
Loss (Gain) on Disposal of Fixed Assets
Loss on Reconstruction of the Head Office
Net Decrease (Increase) in Trading Assets
Net Increase (Decrease) in Trading Liabilities
Net Decrease (Increase) in Loans and Bills Discounted
Net Increase (Decrease) in Deposits (excluding Negotiable Certificates of Deposit) Net Increase (Decrease) in Negotiable Certificates of Deposit
Net Increase (Decrease) in Borrowed Money (excluding Subordinated Borrowings) Net Decrease (Increase) in Due from Banks (excluding Due from BOJ)
Net Decrease (Increase) in Call Loans and Bills Bought and Others
Net Increase (Decrease) in Call Money and Bills Sold
Net Increase (Decrease) in Payables under Securities Lending Transactions
Net Decrease (Increase) in Foreign Exchanges—Assets
Net Increase (Decrease) in Foreign Exchanges—Liabilities
Increase (Decrease) in Borrowed Money from Trust Account
Interest and Dividends Received
Interest Paid
Other, net
Subtotal Income Taxes Paid
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Purchase of Securities
Proceeds from Sales of Securities
Proceeds from Redemption of Securities
Increase in Money Held in Trust
Decrease in Money Held in Trust
Purchase of Tangible Fixed Assets
Purchase of Intangible Fixed Assets
Proceeds from Sales of Tangible Fixed Assets Payments for Retirement of Tangible Fixed Assets
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Issuance of Subordinated Bonds Redemption of Subordinated Bonds Cash Dividends Paid
Purchase of Treasury Shares
Proceeds from Sales of Treasury Shares
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
Effect of Exchange Rate Change on Cash and Cash Equivalents Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period (Note 26)
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
2018
725,613 81,000 1,014
(3,583) (45,528) (10,100) (74,744)
(349) 1,449
(228) (1,294,227)
178,143 (9,624) (5,692) (155)
3,571
8,546 72,959
(36,158) (4,763,354)
4,262,196 289,713 517,350 420,968 738,478
(2,192,339) (551,630)
12,950 (992)
8,483 1,266,927
(179,513) (195,659) (774,516) (174,733) (949,249)
(4,326,820) 4,603,958 1,811,362
(109,187) 95,932
(43,605) (54,682)
1,557 — 1,978,516
—
— (112,016) (132,327)
10 (244,333)
155
        2018
77,089 8,605 107
(380) (4,836) (1,072) (7,940) (37)
153 (24) (137,498)
18,925 (1,022) (604) (16)
379
907 7,751
(3,841) (506,058)
452,815 30,779 54,963 44,723 78,455
(232,914) (58,605)
1,375 (105)
901 134,598
(19,071) (20,786)
(82,284) (18,563)
(100,848)
(459,681) 489,124 192,439
(11,600) 10,191
(4,632) (5,809)
165 —
210,197
—
— (11,900) (14,058)
1
(25,957)
16
83,407
1,614,299
¥1,697,707
¥
2017
76,606 8,020 270
(270) (8,260) — (1,644)
3 644 92
(135,533) 16,589 (384) 262 43 726 — 52,771
(6,431) (499,740) 423,184
75,170 10,957 7,960 34,723 115,500 127,293
(1,966) 52 62 134,100
(16,377) (28,875)
385,552 (24,231)
361,320
(1,133,369) 976,889 227,708
(5,900) 14,253 (3,133)
(3,810) — (47)
72,591
20,000 (10,000) (11,783) (15,027)
3
(16,806)
(43)
   ¥
$
                        417,061 785,088
1,197,238 15,194,839
      ¥ 1,614,299 $15,979,927
   The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 39

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2018
1. Basis of Presentation
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its consolidated subsidiaries maintain their books of accounts in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and its related accounting regulations and in conformity with ac- counting principles and practices generally accepted in Japan, which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards. The classification of accounts is in conformity with the Ordinance for Enforcement of Banking Act of Japan.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been compiled from the consolidated financial statements issued domes- tically in order to present them in a form which is more familiar to readers outside Japan. Certain reclassifications and rearrangements have been made to the financial statements for the previous year to conform to the classification used in the financial statements for the current year. In addition, the accompanying notes include information that is not required under accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, but is presented herein for the convenience of readers.
Japanese yen amounts are presented in millions of yen by round- ing down figures below one million. As a result, the totals in Japa- nese yen in the accompanying consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of individual amounts.
U.S. dollar amounts are shown solely for the convenience of the readers of this Annual Report and are translated at the rate of ¥106.24 to $1.00, the exchange rate prevailing at March 31, 2018.
2. Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Bank and its subsidiaries, including Chibagin Guarantee Co., Ltd., Chibagin Leasing Co., Ltd., Chibagin Securities Co., Ltd. (Chibagin Securities) and other subsidiaries. The number of consolidated sub- sidiaries as of March 31, 2018 was nine (nine as of March 31, 2017).
All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated financial statements do not include the accounts of the Chibagin Computer Service Co., Ltd. and four other subsidiaries, since the combined total assets, total in- come, profit (based on the owned interest), retained earnings (based on the owned interest) and accumulated other comprehensive income (based on the owned interest) of these subsidiaries are not significant and would not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Bank. Nevertheless, the investments
in these unconsolidated subsidiaries are carried using the equity method and are included in securities in the consolidated balance sheet. Also, the consolidated financial statements do not include the accounts of nine limited partnerships (nine as of March 31, 2017). The investments in these unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates, including the Chiba-Musashino Alliance Co., Ltd. and the Chiba- Musashino Alliance Series 1 Investment Limited Partnership estab- lished in the current fiscal year, are not accounted for by the equity method since profit (based on the owned interest), retained earnings (based on the owned interest) and accumulated other comprehen-
sive income (based on the owned interest) of these subsidiaries are not significant and would not have a material impact on the consoli- dated financial statements of the Bank. The difference between the cost and the underlying equity in the net assets measured at their market value at dates of acquisition of consolidated subsidiaries is amortized in the year of acquisition.
Fiscal year-ends of all consolidated subsidiaries are at the end of March.
3. Significant Accounting Policies
(1) Trading Account
The following criteria are applied in accounting for the Bank’s trading assets and liabilities, and trading income and expenses:
Transactions that aim to gain a profit by arbitraging short term fluctuations in interest rates, currency values and market prices, other benchmarks in the traded securities’ market prices and by ar- bitraging differentials between markets (hereafter “trading purposes”) are accounted for under “Trading Assets” or “Trading Liabilities” on the balance sheet. Profit or loss from such transactions is recorded under “Trading Income” or “Trading Expenses” on the consolidated statement of income.
Trading securities and monetary claims, etc., held for trading purposes are stated at market value at the end of the fiscal year. Trading-related financial derivatives such as swaps, futures or op- tions are valued on the assumption that they were settled at the end of the fiscal year.
In the case of trading-related financial derivatives, “Trading In- come/Expenses” includes the interest received/paid during the fiscal year and the difference between the amount of profit/loss based on the assumption that transactions were settled at the end of the cur- rent fiscal year and that at the end of the previous fiscal year.
(2) Securities
Held-to-maturity bonds are stated at amortized cost determined by the moving average method. Investments in unconsolidated subsid- iaries and affiliates not accounted for by the equity method are stated at cost determined by the moving average method. Available-for-sale equity shares and investment trusts listed on Japanese markets are stated at the average market value during the last month of the fiscal year, and other available-for-sale securities whose fair value can be estimated are stated at fair value at the fiscal year-end while their costs are calculated mainly by the moving average method. Other non-marketable securities whose fair value cannot be reliably esti- mated are stated at cost determined by the moving average method or amortized cost.
Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in net assets, net of income taxes.
Moreover, the same way as above (1) and fair value method based upon the market value at the fiscal year-end are applied for the valuation of securities that are held as trust assets in individu- ally managed money trusts with the principal objective of securities portfolio management.
 40
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

  (3) Derivatives
Derivatives for purposes other than trading are stated at fair value.
(4) Tangible Fixed Assets
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets of the Bank is computed using the declining-balance method. Principal useful lives are as follows:
Buildings ......................... 6 years to 50 years
Others ............................. 2 years to 20 years
Tangible fixed assets of the consolidated subsidiaries are depreci-
ated principally by the declining-balance method over the estimated useful lives.
(5) Intangible Fixed Assets
Depreciation of intangible fixed assets is computed using the straight-line method. Depreciation for capitalized software for internal use is computed using the straight-line method based on useful lives determined by the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries (5 years).
(6) Allowance for Loan Losses
Allowance for Loan Losses made by the Bank is provided in ac- cordance with the internally established standards for write-offs and provisions.
For claims on borrowers that have entered into bankruptcy, spe- cial liquidation proceedings or similar legal proceedings (“Bankrupt Borrowers”), or borrowers that are not legally or formally insolvent but are regarded as substantially in the same situation (“Effectively Bank- rupt Borrowers”), an allowance is provided based on the amount of claims, after the write-off stated below, net of the expected amount of recoveries from collateral and guarantees.
For claims on borrowers that are not currently bankrupt but likely to become bankrupt in the future (“Potentially Bankrupt Borrowers”), an allowance is provided in the amount deemed necessary based on an overall solvency assessment of the claims, net of the expected amount of recoveries from collateral and guarantees.
For claims on Potentially Bankrupt Borrowers and on borrowers whose loans are classified as “Loans past due 3 months or more” or “Restructured Loans” over a certain amount, if future cash flows from the collection of principal and interest are reasonably estimated, the allowances for loan losses are calculated by “Discounted Cash Flow Method,” by which the allowances for loan losses are calculated as the difference between the booked amounts of the loans and the cash flows discounted by the original contractual interest rates.
For other claims, an allowance is provided based on the historical loan-loss ratio.
The operating divisions assess all claims in accordance with the Bank’s policy and guidelines for the self-assessment of asset quality, and the internal Audit and Inspection Division, which is independent from the operating divisions, audits these assessments. The allowance for loan losses is provided based on the results of these assessments.
For collateralized or guaranteed claims on Bankrupt Borrow-
ers and Effectively Bankrupt Borrowers, the amount exceeding the estimated value of collateral and guarantees is deemed to be uncol-
lectible and written off against the total outstanding amount of the claims. The amount of write-off as of March 31, 2018 was ¥23,993 million (¥24,004 million as of March 31, 2017). Allowance made
by consolidated subsidiaries for general claims is provided in the amount deemed necessary based on the historical loan-loss ratio, and for specific claims in the amount deemed uncollectible based on the respective assessments.
(7) Provision for Directors’ Retirement Benefits
Provision for directors’ retirement benefits is provided for payment of retirement benefits to directors and corporate auditors of consoli- dated subsidiaries, in the amount deemed accrued until the fiscal year-end.
(8) Provision for Reimbursement of Deposits
Provision for reimbursement of deposits, which were derecognized from liabilities, is based on the possible losses on the future claims of withdrawal to prepare for depositor’s needs of withdrawal.
(9) Provision for Point Loyalty Programs
Provision for point loyalty programs which is provided for accumula- tion of points granted to customers using the credit card of the Bank or the consolidated subsidiaries is based on the estimated amounts equivalent to expected future usage of the points.
(10) Reserve under Special Laws
Reserve under special laws is a Reserve for Financial Products Transaction Liabilities provided by Chibagin Securities. This reserve is provided for losses from securities transactions pursuant to Para- graph 46-5-1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and Paragraph 175 of the Cabinet Office Ordinance on Financial Instru- ment Business Operators, etc.
(11) Retirement Benefits
In retirement benefit obligation calculations, the method of allocating the estimated value of retirement benefits to the current fiscal year is based on the benefit formula method. The net actuarial gain (loss) is amortized using the straight-line method over 10 years from following fiscal year. Consolidated subsidiaries calculate the net defined benefit liability and retirement benefit cost using the simplified method which assumes the retirement benefit obligation to be equal to the neces- sary payments assuming the voluntary retirement of all employees at the fiscal year-end.
(12) Translation of Foreign Currencies
The Bank’s assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and overseas branches’ accounts are translated into Japanese yen primarily at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Consolidat- ed subsidiaries’ assets and liabilities denominated in foreign curren- cies are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rate prevailing at the fiscal year-end of each company.
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 41

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (13) Lease Transactions
(As lessors)
Finance leases other than those that are deemed to transfer the ownership of leased property to the lessees are accounted for as installment sales.
(14) Hedge Accounting
i) Hedge of Interest Rate Risk
As for the hedge accounting method applied to hedging transac- tions for interest rate risk arising from financial assets and liabili- ties, the Bank applies the deferral hedge accounting stipulated in the “Treatment for Accounting and Auditing of Application of Ac- counting Standard for Financial Instruments in Banking Industry” (JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 24).
The Bank assesses the effectiveness of such hedges by monitoring offsetting fluctuation of fair value by changes in inter- est rates, of the hedged items (such as deposits and loans) and hedging instruments (such as interest rate swaps) classified by their maturity.
ii) Hedge of Foreign Currency Fluctuation Risk
As for the hedge accounting method applied to hedging transac- tions for foreign currency fluctuation risk arising from foreign- currency-denominated financial assets and liabilities, the Bank applies the deferral hedge accounting stipulated in the “Treat- ment for Accounting and Auditing concerning Accounting for Foreign Currency Transactions in Banking Industry” (JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 25).
The Bank designates certain currency swaps and foreign exchange swap transactions as hedges against fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates arising from foreign-currency monetary claims and debts, and assesses the effectiveness of such hedges by verifying that the Bank holds foreign currency positions of the hedged items corresponding to the positions of the hedging instruments.
In addition to the above accounting, the Bank applies for a part of assets and liabilities the deferral hedge accounting method or exceptional treatments permitted for interest rate swaps.
(15) Cash Flows
In preparing the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and due from the Bank of Japan are considered to be cash and cash equiva- lents.
(16) Consumption Taxes
Consumption tax and municipal consumption tax of the Bank and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries are accounted for using the tax-excluded method.
(17) Appropriation of Retained Earnings
Dividends are recorded in the fiscal year in which the proposed ap- propriation of retained earnings is approved by the Board of Direc- tors and by the general meeting of shareholders. There is a limit for dividend by Article 18 of the Banking Act. An amount equal to 20% of the aggregated amount of dividends shall be set aside as a legal reserve or legal capital surplus, regardless of Article 445-4 of the Companies Act of Japan.
4. Securities Purchased under Resale Agreements
As for securities purchased under resale agreements or securities accepted as collateral for derivative transactions, ¥14,998 million was held in hand on March 31, 2018 (¥15,030 million on March 31, 2017).
5. Trading Assets
Trading Account Securities Trading-Related Financial Derivatives Other Trading Assets
Total
6. Securities
Japanese Government Bonds Japanese Local Government Bonds Japanese Corporate Bonds Japanese Stocks
Other Securities
Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
 2018
 ¥ 8,317
 ¥ 8,439
 $ 78,294
16,057
19,991
151,145
97,693
 101,389
 919,557
 ¥122,069
 ¥129,820
 $1,148,996
      2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥ 452,069
¥ 660,059 414,854 338,174 254,629 713,772
 $ 4,255,168
394,301
3,711,418
364,620
3,432,043
272,504
2,564,987
686,048
 6,457,531
 ¥2,169,542
  ¥2,381,490
 $20,421,147
   42
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
Securities included investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of ¥10,112 million on March 31, 2018 (¥8,737 million on March 31, 2017).
Guarantee obligations for bonds in private placement (defined in Article 2 (3) of Financial Instruments and Exchange Act) included in Japanese Corporate Bonds were ¥69,673 million as of March 31, 2018 (¥58,270 million as of March 31, 2017).

  7. Loans and Bills Discounted
(1) Loans and Bills Discounted
Bills Discounted Loans on Bills Loans on Deeds Overdrafts
Total
(2) Risk-Monitored Loans
Loans to Bankrupt Borrowers Delinquent Loans
Loans Past Due 3 Months or More Restructured Loans
Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥ 1,210
¥ 1,881 81,499 1,362 51,468
 $ 11,396
82,737
778,781
1,137
10,706
39,359
 370,477
 ¥124,445
  ¥136,211
 $1,171,360
  Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥ 14,739
¥ 14,254 141,466 8,499,318 613,814
 $ 138,740
153,645
1,446,208
8,906,301
83,831,907
700,226
 6,590,983
 ¥9,774,912
  ¥9,268,854
 $92,007,839
    Bills discounted are accounted for as financial transactions in ac- cordance with JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 24. The Bank has rights to sell or pledge bank acceptance bought, com- mercial bills discounted, documentary bills and foreign exchanges bought without restrictions. Their total face value as of March 31, 2018 was ¥15,066 million (¥14,445 million as of March 31, 2017).
Contracts of overdraft facilities and loan commitment limits are the contracts that the Bank lends to customers up to the prescribed limits in response to customers’ application of loan as long as there is no violation of any condition in the contracts. The unused amount within the limits was ¥2,279,632 million relating to these contracts, including ¥2,091,728 million of which the term of contracts is less than one year or revocable at any time as of March 31, 2018 (respective amounts were ¥2,179,845 million and ¥2,025,470 million as of March 31, 2017).
Since many of these commitments expire without being utilized, the unused amount does not necessarily represent a future cash requirement. Most of these contracts have conditions that the Bank can refuse customers’ application of loan or decrease the con-
tract limits with proper reasons (e.g., changes in financial situation, deterioration in customers’ creditworthiness). At the inception of contracts, the Bank obtains real estate, securities, etc., as collateral if considered to be necessary. Subsequently, the Bank performs pe- riodic review of the customers’ business results based on initial rules, and takes necessary measures to reconsider conditions in contracts and/or require additional collateral and guarantees.
Additionally, the unused amount within the limits of overdraft facilities on General Accounts as of March 31, 2018 was ¥878,875 million (¥902,880 million as of March 31, 2017). General Accounts are the Ordinary Deposit Accounts that its depositors can overdraw up to the amounts calculated by multiplying incidental Time Deposits and so on by certain weight.
Loans to bankrupt borrowers represent non-accrual loans to borrow- ers who are legally bankrupt as defined in Article 96 (1) (iii) and (iv) of the Corporation Tax Act Enforcement Ordinance (Article 97 of 1965 Cabinet Order).
Delinquent loans represent non-accrual loans other than (i) loans to bankrupt borrowers and (ii) loans of which payments of interest are deferred in order to assist or facilitate the restructuring of borrow- ers in financial difficulties.
Loans past due 3 months or more represent loans on which the payment of principal and/or interest has not been received for 3 months or more from the due date, and which are not included in Loans to bankrupt borrowers or Delinquent loans.
Restructured loans are loans which have been restructured to support the rehabilitation of certain borrowers who are encounter- ing financial difficulties, with the intention of ensuring recovery of the loans by providing easier repayment terms for the borrowers (such as by reducing the rate of interest or by providing a grace period for the payment of principal/interest, etc.) and are not classified in any of the above categories.
8. Foreign Exchange Assets
Due from Foreign Banks (Our Accounts) Foreign Bills Bought
Foreign Bills Receivable
Total
9. Other Assets
Accrued Income
Prepaid Expenses Derivatives
Lease Investment Assets Other
Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥1,946
¥3,654 190 719
 $18,320
327
3,079
914
 8,608
 ¥3,187
  ¥4,563
 $30,007
    2018
 2017
¥ 13,099 861 5,734 44,178 80,705
  2018
 ¥ 13,142
 $ 123,707
1,043
9,820
14,668
138,069
47,714
449,120
109,374
 1,029,507
 ¥185,943
  ¥144,579
 $1,750,223
   The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 43

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 10. Tangible Fixed Assets
Depreciation was computed using the declining-balance method. Tangible fixed assets were shown at net of the following accumu- lated depreciation:
13. Trading Liabilities
Derivatives of Trading Securities Trading-related Financial Derivatives
Total
14. Borrowed Money
Borrowings from the Bank of Japan and Other Financial Institutions
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥1
¥6 16,467
 $ 14
12,631
 118,892
 ¥12,632
  ¥16,474
 $118,906
   Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
 2018
 ¥97,070
  ¥95,467
  $913,694
  Deferred gain on real estate deductible for tax purposes amounted to ¥11,698 million as of March 31, 2018 (¥11,576 million as of March 31, 2017).
 2018
  2017
  2018
 ¥334,405
 ¥279,442
 $3,147,646
  11. Assets Pledged
Securities
Loans and Bills Discounted
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
15. Foreign Exchange Liabilities
 2018
 2017 ¥886,594 299,966
   2018
 ¥701,216
 $6,600,305
572,648
 5,390,143
    2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥428
¥340 352
 $4,036
158
 1,492
 ¥587
  ¥692
 $5,528
   Liabilities related to the above pledged assets were as follows: Thousands of
Foreign Bills Sold Foreign Bills Payable
Total
16. Bonds Payable
Subordinated Bonds Straight Bond
Total
17. Other Liabilities
Domestic Exchange Settlement Account, Credit
Accrued Expenses Unearned Revenue Income Taxes Payable Derivatives
Other Total
18. Retirement Benefit Plans
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
 Millions of Yen (Note 1)
U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
¥ 49,158
—
318,992 275,841
   2018
 ¥ 47,327
 $ 445,479
17,085
160,824
260,387
2,450,937
330,835
 3,114,037
   Deposits
Payables under Repurchase
Agreements
Payables under Securities Lending
Transactions Borrowed Money
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥ 50,000
¥ 50,000 67,267 ¥117,267
   $ 470,633
63,714
 599,722
 ¥113,714
 $1,070,354
    In addition, the following was pledged as collateral for settlements of exchange or margins for futures transactions.
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
 2018
 ¥17,345
  ¥60,621
  $163,269
   2018
  2017
  2018
 ¥ 36
¥ 59 10,181 30,443 7,491 11,582 48,391
$ 340
11,667
109,822
32,143
302,553
11,897
111,983
11,277
106,149
53,437
 502,991
 ¥120,458
  ¥108,149
 $1,133,838
  Securities
Initial margins of futures markets of ¥1,883 million, cash collateral paid for financial instruments of ¥67,229 million and guarantee deposits of ¥7,284 million were included in Other Assets as of March 31, 2018 (respective amounts were ¥1,212 million, ¥26,778 million and ¥6,360 million as of March 31, 2017).
 12. Deposits
Current Deposits Ordinary Deposits Savings Deposits Deposits at Notice Time Deposits Other Deposits
Subtotal
Negotiable Certificates of Deposit
Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
The Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries have defined benefit plans, i.e., lump-sum payment plans, welfare pension fund plans and tax-qualified pension plans, as well as corporate-type defined con- tribution plans. The Bank has retirement benefit trusts for lump-sum payment plans since the end of March 2018.
Net retirement benefit liability and retirement benefit cost of the consolidated subsidiaries’ lump-sum payment plans are calculated by the simplified method.
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥ 272,048
¥
248,972 7,180,337 247,038 5,452 3,583,043 285,747
 $ 2,560,702
7,673,786
72,230,671
250,625
2,359,052
5,350
50,362
3,527,993
33,207,773
273,602
 2,575,325
 12,003,407
 11,550,592
112,983,886
 464,971
  434,192
  4,376,614
 ¥12,468,379
 ¥11,984,784
 $117,360,499
     44
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

  I. Defined Benefit Plans
(1) Retirement Benefit Obligation
Balance at the Beginning of Current Period
Service Cost
Interest Cost
Actuarial Gain or Loss Retirement Benefits Paid
Balance at the End of Current Period
(2) Plan Assets at Fair Value
Balance at the Beginning of Current Period
Expected Return on Plan Assets Actuarial Gain or Loss Contributions by the Company Retirement Benefits Trusts Retirement Benefits Paid
Balance at the End of Current Period
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
(7) Components of Plan Assets at Fair Value
2017 Stocks 42% General Accounts at Life Insurance Companies 28% Bonds 27% Other 3% Total 100%
 2018
 44%
24%
31%
1%
 100%
      2018
  2017
  2018
 ¥81,986
¥82,351 2,836 163 458
(3,823)
$771,709
2,815
26,500
162
1,530
993
9,348
(4,147)
 (39,040)
 ¥81,809
  ¥81,986
 $770,047
      (8) Assumptions Used in Accounting for the Above Plans
 2018
 0.2%
3.0%
1.1%–3.4%
     Discount Rate
Expected Rate of Long-Term Return on Plan Assets Expected Rates of Future Salary Increases
2017 0.2% 3.0%
1.1%–3.2%
   2018
  2017
  2018
 ¥59,147
¥57,868 1,736 1,115 814 —
(2,387)
$556,734
1,774
16,702
2,418
22,765
811
7,634
6,300
59,300
(2,466)
 (23,219)
 ¥67,984
  ¥59,147
 $639,916
   (3) Net Defined Benefit Liability/Asset
The expected rates of long-term return on plan assets has been es- timated based on the anticipated allocation to each asset class and the expected long-term returns on assets held in each category.
II. Defined Contribution Plans
The required contribution amount of the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥299 mil- lion (¥85 million as of March 31, 2017).
19. Revaluation Reserve for Land
Pursuant to the Law concerning Revaluation of Premises, premises used for business operations have been revalued as of March 31, 1998. Premises revaluation gain was included in Net Assets, net of income taxes.
Date of the revaluation: March 31, 1998
The method of the revaluation (set forth in Article 3 (3) of the Law): Pursuant to Article 2 (4) of the Enforcement Ordinance for the Law concerning Revaluation of Premises, the premises price for the revaluation is determined based on the method established and published by the Director General of National Tax Agency in order to calculate the premises value for a basis of determining the taxable amount subject to premises value tax prescribed by Article 16 of the Premises Value Tax Law, reflecting appropriate adjustments for land shape and timing of the assessment.
The difference between the revalued carrying amount and the fair value of premises revalued pursuant to Article 10 of the Law was ¥29,182 million as of March 31, 2018 (¥31,423 million as of March 31, 2017).
20. Capital Stock
The number of the Bank’s authorized shares was 2,500,000,000 as of March 31, 2018 and 2017.
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥ 81,236
¥ 60,649 (59,147)
 $ 764,651
(67,984)
(639,916)
 13,251
 1,502 21,336
 124,735
573
 5,395
 ¥ 13,825
  ¥ 22,838
 $ 130,131
   Funded Retirement Benefit Obligation Plan Assets at Fair Value
Subtotal
Unfunded Retirement Benefit Obligation Net Amount Accrued on the
Balance Sheet
Net Defined Benefit Liability Net Defined Benefit Asset Net Amount Accrued on the
Balance Sheet
(4) Retirement Benefit Cost
Service Cost
Interest Cost
Expected Return on Plan Assets Amortization of Actuarial Gain or Loss Retirement Benefit Cost
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
  2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥14,898
¥22,838 —
 $140,231
(1,072)
 (10,100)
 ¥13,825
  ¥22,838
 $130,131
    2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥ 2,815
¥ 2,836 163 (1,736) 1,193
 $ 26,500
162
1,530
(1,774)
(16,702)
1,236
 11,643
 ¥ 2,440
  ¥ 2,457
 $ 22,971
     (5) Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans Included in Other Comprehensive Income (before Tax Effect)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
 2018
 ¥2,662
  ¥1,851
  $25,060
  Actuarial Gain or Loss
Number of Shares
2017
875,521,087
 2018
 865,521,087
     (6) Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans Included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (before Tax Effect)
The number of treasury shares held by the Bank was 84,573 thou- sand as of March 31, 2018 (77,761 thousand as of March 31, 2017).
Thousands of Millions of Yen (Note 1) U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Shares in Issue
  2018
 2017
 2018
 ¥(1,050)
  ¥(3,712)
  $(9,888)
  Unrecognized Actuarial Gain or Loss
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 45

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 21. Trading Income
Gains on Trading Account Securities Transactions
Income from Securities and Derivatives related to Trading Transactions
Income from Trading-Related Financial Derivatives Transactions
Other Trading Income Total
22. Other Ordinary Income
Gains on Foreign Exchange Transactions Gains on Sales of Bonds
Gains on Redemption of Bonds
Income from Derivatives other than for
Trading or Hedging Other
Total
23. Other Income
Gains on Sales of Stocks and Other Securities
Gains on Money Held in Trust Revenue on Lease
Recoveries of Written-Off Claims Reversal of Allowance for Loan Losses Equity in Earnings of Affiliates
Other Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
24. Other Ordinary Expenses
Loss on Sales of Bonds
Loss on Redemption of Bonds Loss on Devaluation of Bonds
Total
25. Other Expenses
Written-Off of Loans
Losses on Sales of Stocks and
Other Securities
Losses on Devaluation of Stocks and
Other Securities
Losses on Money Held in Trust
Cost of Leased Assets
Provision for Reimbursement of Deposits Loss on Disposal of Fixed Assets Impairment Loss on Fixed Assets
Loss on Reconstruction of
the Head Office Other
Total
26. Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Due from Banks Interest-Bearing Deposits included in Due
from Banks (excluding Due from BOJ) Cash and Cash Equivalents
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
  2017
  2018
 ¥4,201
¥2,962 141
1,676 45
$39,551
309
2,918
1,159
10,910
15
 148
 ¥5,686
  ¥4,825
 $53,526
  2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥2,583
¥4,219 — 17
 $24,317
666
6,271
—
 —
 ¥3,249
  ¥4,237
 $30,587
        2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥ 5,339
¥ 2,858 3
8 346 12,632 1,309 765 270
— 3,981
 $ 50,260
69
658
224
2,109
—
—
13,286
125,064
894
8,424
449
4,233
107
1,014
907
8,546
4,650
 43,778
 ¥25,931
  ¥22,177
 $244,086
    2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥2,690
¥1,475 3,039 18
931 0
 $25,325
2,662
25,063
—
—
24
232
0
 1
 ¥5,378
  ¥5,464
 $50,622
      2018
  2017
  2018
 ¥ 1,903
¥ 1,576 84 14,208 2,071 5,303 270 10,226
$ 17,914
604
5,692
14,833
139,619
1,662
15,652
3,476
32,724
380
3,583
10,024
 94,357
 ¥32,885
  ¥33,741
 $309,540
   Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥1,845,198
¥1,806,514 (192,214)
 $17,368,207
(147,490)
(1,388,280)
 ¥1,697,707
  ¥1,614,299
  $15,979,927
     27. Other Comprehensive Income
Valuation Difference on Available-for-Sale Securities: Gains (Losses) Arising during the Fiscal Year Reclassification Adjustment to Profit or Loss
Amount before Income Tax Effect Income Tax Effect
Total
Deferred Gains or Losses on Hedges:
Gains (Losses) Arising during the Fiscal Year Reclassification Adjustment to Profit or Loss
Amount before Income Tax Effect Income Tax Effect
Total
Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans: Gains (Losses) Arising during the Fiscal Year Reclassification Adjustment to Profit or Loss
Amount before Income Tax Effect Income Tax Effect
Total
 2018 2017
 2018
  ¥22,293 ¥ 8,899
$209,838
(4,317) (1,489)
(40,640)
 17,975 7,410
 169,197
(5,603) (1,924)
 (52,744)
 12,371 5,486
116,453
  (5,276) (4,332)
(49,670)
5,726 6,171
53,905
 449 1,839
 4,235
(137) (560)
 (1,292)
 312 1,278
2,943
  1,425 657
13,417
1,236 1,193
 11,643
 2,662 1,851
25,060
(814) (567)
 (7,667)
 1,847 1,283
17,393
  151 19
1,424
——
—
 151 19
 1,424
——
 —
 151 19
 1,424
 ¥14,683 ¥ 8,067
 $138,213
              Share of Other Comprehensive Income of Entities Accounted for by the Equity Method: Gains (Losses) Arising during the Fiscal Year
Reclassification Adjustment to Profit or Loss
Amount before Income Tax Effect Income Tax Effect
Total
Total Other Comprehensive Income
    46
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

  28. Lease Transactions
Operating Lease Transactions
Lessee Side (Lease Payables related to Non-Cancelable Operating Lease Transactions):
Amount Corresponding to Lease Payables (within 1 Year)
Amount Corresponding to Lease Payables (over 1 Year)
Total
29. Tax Effect
Deferred Tax Assets: Allowance for Loan Losses Net Defined Benefit Liability Write-Offs of Securities Remeasurements of
Defined Benefit Plans Other
Subtotal
Valuation Allowance
Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred Tax Liabilities:
Valuation Difference on Available-for-Sale Securities
Net Defined Benefit Asset
Other
Total Deferred Tax Liabilities
Net Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
31. Segment Information
I. Segment Information of the Current Fiscal Year
(from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018) and the Previous Fiscal Year (from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
Since the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) operate solely within the banking segment, segment information is omitted.
II. Related Information
(1) Information by Service Type
Since the ordinary income of banking business from external cus- tomers of the Group exceeds 90% of ordinary income in the consoli- dated statement of income, segment information is omitted.
(2) Information by Geographic Areas
i) Ordinary Income
Since the ordinary income from domestic external customers of the Group exceeds 90% of ordinary income in the consolidated statement of income, segment information is omitted.
ii) Tangible Fixed Asset
Since the balance of the Group’s tangible fixed assets located in Japan exceeds 90% of the balance of those in the consolidated balance sheet, segment information is omitted.
(3) Information by Major Customers
Since there is no single customer with which the Group earns ordi- nary income exceeding 10% of ordinary income in the consolidated statement of income, segment information by major customer is omitted.
III. Information about Impairment Loss of Fixed Assets by Reporting Segments
Since the Group operates solely within the banking segment, seg- ment information is omitted.
IV. Information about Amortization Expense and Unamortized Balance of Goodwill by Reporting Segments
Not applicable.
V. Information about Gains from Negative Goodwill by Reporting Segment
Not applicable.
 2018
  2017
  2018
 ¥207
¥143 549
$1,952
624
5,882
 ¥832
  ¥692
  $7,834
     2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥ 15,556 6,060 1,081
1,134 7,109
 ¥ 14,205
$ 133,708
5,957
56,080
1,046
9,853
320
3,016
7,902
 74,384
 29,432
  30,942
 277,040
 (1,454)
(1,816)
(13,686)
 27,978
 29,125
  263,354
 (47,621) (200) (1,742)
 (53,224)
(500,986)
(115)
(1,085)
(2,033)
 (19,145)
 (55,373)
  (49,564)
 (521,215)
 ¥(27,395)
 ¥(20,438)
 $(257,862)
        For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, as the differ- ence between the statutory tax rate and the effective income tax rate was less than 5 percent of the statutory tax rate, the reconciliation of the effective income tax rate is not disclosed.
30. Subsequent Events
At the Board of Directors meeting held on May 9, 2018, the Bank resolved to acquire its own shares under Article 156 of the Compa- nies Act, as applied pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 165, to enhance shareholder returns by improving its capital efficiency.
(1) Type of shares to be acquired
(2) Total number of shares to be acquired (3) Total cost of acquisition
(4) Period of acquisition
Common stock
Up to 7,000,000 shares
Up to ¥5,000 million
From May 10, 2018 to June 11, 2018
The Bank acquired its own shares during the period as follows.
(1) Type of acquired shares
(2) Total number of acquired shares (3) Total cost of acquisition
Common stock 5,803,000 shares ¥4,999 million
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 47

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 32. Financial Instruments
I. Disclosure on Financial Instruments
(1) Policy on Financial Instruments
The Group conducts market businesses such as deposit-taking, lending and securities investments as a regional bank which is mainly based in Chiba Prefecture.
The Group takes deposits, which are its main financing source, and invests those deposits in corporate loans, personal housing loans and securities. In order to manage these assets and liabilities and also to make management plan in response to changes in mar- ket environment, we have established ALM management system led by ALM Committee.
(2) Types of and Risks Associated with Financial Instruments
Because of corporate and housing loans being our main financial assets, we are exposed to credit risk which is the risk of losses on receivable such as those arising from nonperformance of borrowers.
We hold securities primarily comprising bonds, stocks and invest- ment trusts for investment and operating purposes. These securities have credit risk of the issuers and market risk arising from changes in interest rates, prices and exchange rates.
The Group’s financial liabilities are mainly deposits from our indi- vidual customers in Chiba Prefecture which consist of liquid deposits and time deposits. These deposits have liquidity risk arising from unexpected outflows of fund in certain situations.
The Group has interest rate risk caused by a mismatch in terms of interest rates or time period between the assets (e.g., loans) and liabilities (e.g., deposits). We in part hedge the risk using interest rate swaps.
We also have foreign exchange risk arising from a position mismatch between the foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, which we in part hedge using currency swaps.
We utilize derivatives for purposes of: addressing customer’s various needs for investments and financing, managing risks from the assets and liabilities, and trading (i.e., for a gain from sales in a short term). We enter into derivatives transactions to hedge interest rate and exchange rate risks from the assets and liabilities as follows:
(3) Risk Management Relating to Financial Instruments
i) Credit Risk Management
We have established the system of self-assessment of assets to provide appropriate allowance and write-offs. We also perform rigid credit risk management through individual credit manage- ment and credit portfolio management based on internal rating system. The Risk Management Division, which is responsible for credit risk management, has been placed as a division indepen- dent of the Credit Unit (including the Credit Division) for a check- and-balance effect. Further, the Credit Risk Management Com- mittee discusses plans and actions on credit portfolios based on consideration of credit risk situations.
The details of credit risk management are as follows: (Individual Credit Management)
Branches and the Credit Division take the lead in credit review in accordance with credit review standards under the basic prin- ciples of credit (safety, profitability, liquidity, growth potential and public good). The Business Support Division provides support for customers who need to improve business operations and engages in resolution and collection activities with regard to Bankrupt Borrowers and others. The Bank strives to accumulate high-performing loan assets and minimize future losses through these in-advance review and after-the-fact administration.
(Credit Portfolio Management)
Credit portfolio management is to control risk of incurring a major loss at a time due to concentration of individual loans in specific countries or specific industries. The Risk Management Division monitors the state of credit risk from various perspectives, such as by country, by industry, and by customer credit rating. They also establish policies and take actions such as setting credit limits to control an increase in credit risk.
ii) Market Risk Management
We have established strict market risk management system including risk limit monitoring. The Risk Management Division, which is responsible for market risk management, has been placed as a division independent of the Treasury Division and overseas branches in business operation unit and the Treasury Operation Division in business management unit, for a check- and-balance effect. The ALM Committee chaired by the Presi- dent discusses plans and actions on overall management of the assets and liabilities based on market risk situations. The follow- ing is how we set and monitor the upper guideline limits:
(Risk Limit Monitoring)
We set and monitor upper guideline limits to control market risk of financial assets such as securities, loans and deposits. In or- der to control an increase in market risk, we also set upper limits on investment balances, average duration, 10BPV and unrealized gains (losses) according to risk characteristics of transactions and products, and utilize such limits as additional management indicators. For trading, we set and monitor upper guideline limits on positions and losses.
(Quantitative Information on Market Risk)
 Interest rate risk hedge Foreign exchange risk hedge
Hedged Item
Loans and bills discounted
Receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies
Hedging Instrument
Interest rate swaps
Currency swaps Forward foreign exchange
 48
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
We apply hedge accounting to these transactions. Derivatives bear market risk and credit risk like other transactions in markets.
Some of our subsidiaries have leasing credit and installment receivables which are subject to interest rate risk and credit risk.

  (a) Financial Instruments of Banking Account
We use VaR (the assumed maximum loss) for quantita-
tive analysis on market risk of financial instruments such as available-for-sale securities, loans and deposits. For calculating VaR, we have adopted the variance co-variance model (hold- ing period of 1 year; confidence interval of 99.9%; and obser- vation period of 1 year), and the changes of interest and stock price are considered. However, the VaR based on a holding period of 10 days is used for a part of tradings such as market asset trading. Those VaR are used for risk limit monitoring. Our VaR of banking business is ¥116,524 million as of March 31, 2018 (¥121,606 million as of March 31, 2017). In case of 99% confidence level, VaR is ¥92,012 million as of March 31, 2018 (¥96,699 million as of March 31, 2017).
(b) Financial Instruments of Trading Account
We use VaR for quantitative analysis on market risk of financial instruments such as securities for trading and derivatives. For calculating VaR, we have adopted the variance co-variance model (holding period of 10 days; confidence interval of 99.9%; and observation period of 1 year). Those VaR are used for risk limit monitoring. Our VaR of trading business is ¥18 million as of March 31, 2018 (¥38 million as of March 31, 2017). In case of 99% confidence level, VaR is ¥13 million as of March 31, 2018 (¥28 million as of March 31, 2017).
(c) Validity of VaR
We check the validity of the market risk measurement made by VaR approach by the back-test which compares VaR calculated using the model with actual profit and loss. Since VaR estimates possible losses statistically under the certain probability from the past market changes, risk might not be complemented under anomalous market situations.
iii) Liquidity Risk Management
We have established strict liquidity risk management system including limit monitoring. The Risk Management Division, which is responsible for liquidity risk management, has been placed as
a division independent of Treasury Division in financing manage- ment unit for a check-and-balance effect. The ALM Committee chaired by the President discusses plans and actions on overall management of the assets and liabilities based on liquidity risk situations. Upon an event with a significant impact on the cash flows, we would immediately have a conference chaired by the President and discuss plans to address the event. The following is how we set and monitor limits for liquidity management:
(Limit Management)
We set and monitor the minimum level of liquid assets such as government bonds that can be converted to cash in a short time. We also set upper limits on financing from inter-bank and other markets in order to facilitate stable cash flows with our fund- raising capacity.
iv) Integrated Risk Management
We have established rigid integrated risk management system including risk capital allocation framework. The Risk Management Division is responsible for integrated risk management and is the unit that monitors various risks including credit and market risks. In order to ensure that we have capital sufficient for the risks we bear, the Risk Management Division also conducts stress test, the results of which the Board of Directors monitors on a regular basis and discuss actions to take as necessary. The following is the details of risk capital allocation framework:
(Risk Capital Allocation Framework)
Risk capital allocation framework is to distribute risk capital (toler- able risk) within the capital representing our financial strength,
to divisions such as domestic business divisions and treasury divisions in advance. Each division then controls risks within
the allocated risk capital. Through this framework, each division conducts its operations focusing on risk-return spectrum (e.g., improves profitability and/or utilize the capital in a more efficient manner) while the entire Bank’s strength is maintained.
(4) Supplementary Explanation on Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The fair value of financial instruments includes, in addition to values determined based on market prices, those calculated on a reasonable basis if no market price is available. Since certain assumptions are used for the calculations, the result may vary if different assumptions are used.
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 49

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 II. Disclosure on Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The following table summarizes the amount stated in the consolidated balance sheet and the fair value of financial instruments as of March 31, 2018 with their difference. Note that the following table does not include unlisted equity securities and other securities for which fair value is extremely difficult to determine (Note ii). Furthermore, some items are not shown since the consolidated balance sheet amounts are insignificant.
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Consolidated Balance Sheet
March 31, 2017
 March 31, 2018
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
 Fair Value
 Difference*1
   ¥ 7,608
¥ 7,643
¥ 34
2,133,398
2,133,398
—
9,774,912
(25,382)
   9,749,530
 9,849,630
 100,100
 ¥11,890,537
¥11,990,673
¥100,135
 ¥12,003,407
 ¥12,003,612
 ¥ (204)
464,971
 464,971
 —
 ¥12,468,379
¥12,468,583
¥ (204)
   ¥ 3,664
¥ 3,664
¥—
1,250
 1,250
 —
 ¥ 4,915
 ¥ 4,915
 ¥—
      (1) Securities:
Held-to-Maturity Bonds Available-for-Sale Securities
(2) Loans and Bills Discounted Allowance for Loan Losses*2
Total Assets
(1) Deposits
(2) Negotiable Certificates of Deposit Total Liabilities
Derivative Transactions*3:
Not Qualifying for Hedge Accounting
Qualifying for Hedge Accounting Total Derivative Transactions
Amount Fair Value
¥ 8,064 ¥ 8,254 2,350,166 2,350,166 9,268,854
(30,520)
9,238,333 9,344,521
¥11,596,565 ¥11,702,943
¥11,550,592 ¥11,551,030 434,192 434,192
¥11,984,784 ¥11,985,222
¥ 3,823 ¥ 3,823 1,308 1,308
¥ 5,132 ¥ 5,132
Difference*1
¥ 189 —
106,188
¥106,377
¥ (437) —
¥ (437)
¥— —
¥—
            50
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
*1 Unrealized gains (losses) are presented.
*2 General and specific allowance for Loans and bills discounted is deducted here.
*3 Presents derivative transactions included in Trading assets/liabilities as well as those in Other assets/liabilities. Also presents assets or liabilities arising from derivative
transactions on a net basis. Net liability positions are presented with brackets [ ].
(Note i) Methods used for determining the estimated fair value of financial instruments
Assets
(1) Securities
The fair value of stocks is determined based on price quoted by the exchanges. The fair value of bonds is determined based on the Trading Ref- erence Statistical Data published by Japanese Securities Dealers Association or prices provided by financial institutions. The fair value of invest- ment trusts is determined based on the net asset value provided by financial institutions.
The fair value of domestic stocks and domestic investment trusts is based on the average market price during the month preceding the con- solidated fiscal year-end. The fair value of privately placed bonds guaranteed by the Bank is determined based on a market interest rate adjusted with projected default rate.
(2) Loans and Bills Discounted
Because a floating-rate loan reflects market interest rate within a short term, its fair value approximates the carrying amount unless the credit- worthiness of the borrower has changed significantly since the loan origination. As such the carrying amount is deemed as the fair value. With respect to fixed rate loans, the fair value is calculated as total of principal and interest discounted at market interest rate adjusted with projected default rate for each category of loans based on type, internal rating and maturity length.
As for short-term loans with maturity of one year or less, the carrying amount is deemed as the fair value since the fair value approximates such carrying amount.
For loans to Bankrupt, Effectively Bankrupt and Potentially Bankrupt Borrowers, Allowance for loan losses is estimated based on present value of expected future cash flows or expected amount to be collected from collaterals and guarantees. Accordingly, the fair value approximates the consolidated balance sheet amount less the allowance, which is then deemed and used as the fair value in the above table.
For loans without a fixed maturity due to loan characteristics such as limiting loans to within the value of collateral, the carrying amount is deemed as the fair value since the fair value is considered to approximate such carrying amount in terms of expected duration and interest rate.
Liabilities
(1) Deposits and (2) Negotiable Certificates of Deposit
For demand deposits, the amount payable on demand as of the consolidated balance sheet date is considered to be the fair value. The fair value of time deposits and negotiable certificates of deposit are calculated as future cash flows discounted by time period. The discount rate used in the calculation is the interest rate that would be applied to newly accepted deposits. For short-term deposits, the carrying amount is deemed as the fair value since the fair value approximates such carrying amount because of the short contract term of one year or less.

  Derivative Transactions
See “36. Derivative Transactions.”
(Note ii) The following table summarizes financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to be estimated. These securities are not included in the amount presented under “Assets, (1) Available-for-Sale Securities” in the above table.
 March 31, 2018
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
 ¥ 5,354
13,068
 ¥18,422
      (1) Unlisted Stocks*1, *2
(2) Investments in Limited Partnerships, etc.*3
Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
March 31, 2017
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
¥ 5,359 9,161 ¥14,521
    *1 Unlisted stocks do not carry quoted market prices. Since it is extremely difficult to estimate the fair value of these securities, the fair value is not disclosed.
*2 An impairment loss of ¥2 million (¥8 million for the previous fiscal year) was recorded on these unlisted stocks in the current fiscal year.
*3 Fair value of investments in limited partnerships, etc., is not disclosed since such partnerships invest in assets, such as unlisted stocks, of which fair value is extremely dif-
ficult to be estimated.
(Note iii) Redemption schedule of monetary claims and securities with maturities:
Securities
Held-to-Maturity Bonds
Available-for-Sale Securities with Maturities
Government Bonds
Local Government Bonds Short-Term Corporate Bonds Corporate Bonds
Loans* Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
 March 31, 2018
 Within 1 Year
 1–3 Years
 3–5 Years
 5–7 Years
 7–10 Years
 Over 10 Years
 ¥ 287,660
 ¥ 477,570
 ¥ 399,164
 ¥ 275,384
 ¥ 211,824
 ¥ 92,326
—
—
—
6,374
1,062
—
287,660
477,570
399,164
269,009
210,761
92,326
144,500
129,500
98,000
55,000
16,500
—
31,347
84,057
39,876
122,429
109,587
637
—
—
—
—
—
—
30,808
104,452
138,666
57,582
3,500
26,426
1,290,029
 1,576,276
 1,149,104
 853,878
 985,785
 3,136,778
 ¥1,577,689
 ¥2,053,846
 ¥1,548,268
 ¥1,129,262
 ¥1,197,609
 ¥3,229,105
     * These amounts do not include loans to Bankrupt, Effectively Bankrupt or Potentially Bankrupt Borrowers and other loans of which redemption amount cannot be projected and those which do not have specific maturities, amounting to ¥783,060 million in total.
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
March 31, 2017
  Within 1 Year
Total ¥1,522,352
1–3 Years
¥ 600,613 — 600,613 247,500 72,647 — 80,075 1,568,392
¥2,169,006
3–5 Years
¥ 482,188 — 482,188 112,000 69,612 — 143,586 1,147,274
¥1,629,462
5–7 Years 7–10 Years
¥138,387 ¥ 329,774 5,609 2,243 132,777 327,531 22,500 83,500 44,264 157,402
— — 59,582 6,450 813,808 925,233
¥952,195 ¥1,255,008
Over 10 Years
 Securities
Held-to-Maturity Bonds
Available-for-Sale Securities with Maturities
¥
93,902 — 93,902 7,700 679 — 16,227 2,930,110
¥ 334,484 — 334,484 172,500 63,906 — 28,607 Loans* 1,187,867
Government Bonds
Local Government Bonds Short-Term Corporate Bonds Corporate Bonds
 (Note iv) Repayment schedule of interest-bearing liabilities:
¥3,024,012
 * These amounts do not include loans to Bankrupt, Effectively Bankrupt or Potentially Bankrupt Borrowers and other loans of which redemption amount cannot be projected and those which do not have specific maturities, amounting to ¥696,166 million in total.
 March 31, 2018
 Within 1 Year
 1–3 Years
 3–5 Years
 5–7 Years
 7–10 Years
 Over 10 Years
 ¥11,279,230
 ¥669,323
 ¥39,137
 ¥7,184
 ¥8,531
 ¥—
464,971
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 ¥11,744,201
 ¥669,323
 ¥39,137
 ¥7,184
 ¥8,531
 ¥—
   Deposits*
Negotiable Certificates of Deposit
Total
* Demand deposits are included in “Within 1 year.”
Deposits*
Negotiable Certificates of Deposit
Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
March 31, 2017
    Within 1 Year
¥10,815,306 434,192
¥11,249,498
1–3 Years
¥667,794 —
¥667,794
3–5 Years
¥50,349 —
¥50,349
5–7 Years
¥6,496 —
¥6,496
7–10 Years
¥10,645 —
¥10,645
Over 10 Years
¥— —
¥—
   * Demand deposits are included in “Within 1 year.”
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 51

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 33. Market Value of Securities
(1) Trading Securities
Trading Securities
(2) Marketable Securities Held to Maturity
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
March 31, 2017
 March 31, 2018
 Unrealized Gains (Losses) included in the Consolidated Statement of Income
 ¥7
    Unrealized Gains (Losses) included in the Consolidated Statement of Income
¥53
March 31, 2017
Fair Value
     March 31, 2018
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
 Fair Value
 Difference
   ¥—
¥—
¥—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
8,418
8,454
35
7,608
 7,643
 34
 8,418
8,454
35
   —
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
978
974
(3)
—
 —
 —
 978
 974
 (3)
 ¥9,397
 ¥9,429
 ¥32
      (a) Securities for which
the Fair Value Exceeds the Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
(b) Securities for which
the Fair Value Does Not Exceed the Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
Bonds:
Japanese Government Bonds Japanese Local Government Bonds Japanese Short-Term Corporate Bonds Japanese Corporate Bonds
Other
Foreign Bonds
Subtotal
Bonds:
Japanese Government Bonds Japanese Local Government Bonds Japanese Short-Term Corporate Bonds Japanese Corporate Bonds
Other
Foreign Bonds
Subtotal
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
¥ — — — — 9,403 8,064
9,403
— — — —
1,210 —
1,210
¥
— — — —
9,595 8,254
9,595
— — — —
1,205 —
1,205
Difference
¥ — — — — 192 189
192
— — — —
(5) —
(5)
¥187
Difference
¥134,653 13,903 8,258 3,662 — 1,982 19,025 2,264
167,582
(809) (1,073) (104) (632)
— (336) (8,715) (4,618)
(10,598)
¥156,983
        (3) Marketable Securities Available for Sale
Total ¥10,614
¥10,801
March 31, 2017
Acquisition Cost
  Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
 March 31, 2018
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
 Acquisition Cost
 Difference
 ¥ 252,844
 ¥ 93,974
 ¥158,870
1,052,129
1,042,222
9,906
451,037
445,895
5,141
300,823
297,687
3,135
—
—
—
300,268
298,639
1,628
320,183
302,081
18,101
153,311
 151,994
 1,317
 1,625,157
1,438,278
186,878
   6,965
7,824
(859)
158,860
159,423
(562)
1,031
1,032
(0)
93,477
93,806
(328)
—
—
—
64,351
64,584
(232)
345,072
355,606
(10,533)
229,644
 234,020
 (4,375)
 510,898
 522,854
 (11,955)
 ¥2,136,056
 ¥1,961,133
 ¥174,923
      (a) Securities for which
the Fair Value Exceeds the Amortized Acquisition Cost
(b) Securities for which
the Fair Value Does Not Exceed the Amortized Acquisition Cost
Stocks Bonds:
Japanese Government Bonds Japanese Local Government Bonds Japanese Short-Term Corporate Bonds Japanese Corporate Bonds
Other
Foreign Bonds
¥ 239,168 ¥ 104,515 1,221,186 1,207,282
638,895 310,512 — 271,777 380,153 244,960
630,636 306,849 — 269,795 361,128 242,695
1,672,925
4,485 192,976 21,268 104,974 — 66,733 325,607 228,046
523,069
¥2,195,994
  Subtotal 1,840,508
Stocks 3,675
  Bonds:
Japanese Government Bonds Japanese Local Government Bonds Japanese Short-Term Corporate Bonds Japanese Corporate Bonds
Other
Foreign Bonds
Subtotal
191,902 21,163 104,341
— 66,397 316,892 223,427
512,470
    Total ¥2,352,978
  52
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

  (4) Securities Held to Maturity Sold during the Fiscal Year
None.
(5) Securities Available for Sale Sold during the Fiscal Year
Stocks
Bonds: 772,076
Total ¥942,457
(6) Securities for which the Holding Purpose Has Been Altered
None.
(7) Impairment Losses on Securities
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Proceeds from Sales
March 31, 2017
Gain Loss
¥1,562 ¥1 756 1,627 754 1,606
— 21 — — 2 — 2,297 2,593 921 2,206
¥4,615 ¥4,223
 March 31, 2018
 Proceeds from Sales
 Gain
 Loss
 ¥ 8,810
 ¥1,886
 ¥ 59
286,909
1,046
55
262,337
1,038
41
22,760
4
14
—
—
—
1,810
2
—
156,669
1,632
2,537
136,780
 473
 1,694
 ¥452,389
 ¥4,565
 ¥2,653
       770,472 1,336 — 267 Other 166,320 Foreign Bonds 158,578
Japanese Government Bonds Japanese Local Government Bonds Japanese Short-Term Corporate Bonds Japanese Corporate Bonds
¥ 4,060
    Marketable securities available for sale are subject to write-downs when the market value or reasonably estimated value of these securities (col- lectively, “fair value”) has declined considerably and it is not probable that the value will recover to the acquisition cost. In such case, any differ- ences between fair value and acquisition cost are recognized as losses for the period. For the current fiscal year, impairment losses was Stocks; ¥224 million (¥26 million (Corporate bonds; ¥17 million, Stocks; ¥8 million) for the previous fiscal year).
“Considerable decline in fair value” is determined based on the classification of issuers in accordance with the internal standards for self- assessment of assets as follows:
Bankrupt, effectively bankrupt and potentially bankrupt Fair value is lower than acquisition cost.
Requiring caution
Fair value has declined by 30% or more from acquisition cost.
Normal
Fair value has declined by 50% or more from acquisition cost, or fair value has declined by more than 30% but less than 50% from acquisition
cost and stayed below a certain level.
Bankrupt issuer means one who has entered into bankruptcy, special liquidation proceedings, corporate rehabilitation, civil rehabilitation or similar legal proceedings or whose notes have been dishonored and suspended from processing through clearing houses.
Effectively bankrupt issuer means one who is not legally or formally bankrupt but regarded as substantially in a similar condition. Potentially bankrupt issuer means one who is not legally bankrupt but deemed to have high possibility of becoming bankrupt. Requiring caution issuer means one who is financially weak and under close monitoring conducted by the Bank.
Normal issuer means one who does not belong to the other categories.
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 53

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 34. Money Held in Trust
(1) Money Held in Trust for Trading Purposes
(a) Interest Rate Derivatives
Listed
Futures: Sold
Bought Options:
Sold
Bought
Over-the-Counter
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
 March 31, 2018
 Notional Principal or Contract Amount
   Total
 Over 1 Year
Fair Value
Unrealized Gains (Losses)
    ¥—
¥—
¥—
¥—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,283,538
1,094,297
12,021
12,021
1,282,993
1,061,683
(8,644)
(8,644)
55,680
30,680
22
22
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
3,616
1,765
(1)
(1)
700
 —
 0
 0
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥ 3,398
 ¥ 3,398
  Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥20,032
¥19,061 559
  $188,557
60
 567
  Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in the
Consolidated Statement of Income
 (2) Money Held in Trust for Other Purposes
Acquisition Cost
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount Valuation Differences
Gains Losses
FRAs: Sold
Bought Swaps:
Receive Fixed / Pay Float Receive Float / Pay Fixed Receive Float / Pay Float
Options: Sold
Bought Other:
Sold
Bought Total
35. Valuation Difference on Available-for-Sale Securities
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥10,879
¥9,079 9,079 — — —
  $102,400
10,879
102,400
—
—
—
—
—
 —
  Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥174,668
¥156,692 156,692 — 47,621
 $1,644,091
174,668
1,644,091
—
—
53,224
500,986
 121,443
 109,071 355
 1,143,105
507
4,773
 ¥121,950
  ¥109,427
  $1,147,878
   Valuation Difference
Securities Available for Sale Other Money Held in Trust
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Assets) Valuation Difference, Net of Taxes Net Unrealized Gains on Securities
Available for Sale Owned by Subsidiaries,
which is Attributable to the Parent Valuation Difference on Available-for-Sale
Securities
36. Derivative Transactions
1. 2.
The above transactions are valued at fair value and the unrealized gains (losses) are included in the consolidated statement of income.
The fair value of listed transactions is based on the final price issued by Tokyo Financial Exchange or other exchange. The fair value of OTC transactions is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
March 31, 2017
     Notional Principal or Contract Amount
 (1) Derivative Transactions to which Hedge Accounting Is Not Applied
With respect to the derivative transactions, contract amount or notional principal, fair value, unrealized gains (losses) and fair value calculation by transaction type as of the consolidated balance sheet date are as follows. Contract amount or notional principal does not necessarily represent market risk of the derivative transaction.
Total
Over 1 Year
Fair Value
Unrealized Gains (Losses)
 Listed
Futures:
Sold ¥—¥—¥—¥— Bought ————
Options:
Sold ———— Bought ————
Over-the-Counter
FRAs:
Sold ———— Bought ————
Swaps:
Receive Fixed / Pay Float Receive Float / Pay Fixed Receive Float / Pay Float
¥1,073,916 1,073,445 80,580
974,336 942,025 48,780
14,247 (10,682) (2)
14,247 (10,682) (2)
Options:
Sold ———— Bought ————
Other: Sold
Bought
Total
¥
5,584 3,624 700 700
— ¥ —
(1) 0
¥ 3,560
(1) 0
¥ 3,560
  54
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
1. The above transactions are valued at fair value and the unrealized gains (losses) are included in the consolidated statement of income.
2. The fair value of listed transactions is based on the final price issued by Tokyo Financial Exchange or other exchange. The fair value of OTC transactions is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.

  (b) Currency Derivatives
Listed
Futures: Sold
Bought Options:
Sold
Bought
Over-the-Counter
Currency Swaps
Forward Foreign Exchange:
Sold
Bought Currency Options:
Sold
Bought Other:
Sold
Bought Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
(d) Bond Derivatives
Listed
Futures: Sold
Bought Futures Options:
Sold
Bought
Over-the-Counter
Options: Sold
Bought Other:
Sold
Bought Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
 March 31, 2018
 Notional Principal or Contract Amount
   Total
 Over 1 Year
Fair Value
Unrealized Gains (Losses)
    ¥—
¥—
¥—
¥—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
535,870
392,591
136
136
14,192
—
130
130
8,751
—
(0)
(0)
70,492
—
(7,217)
1,344
70,492
—
7,217
143
—
—
—
—
—
 —
 —
 —
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥ 267
 ¥1,755
  March 31, 2018
 Notional Principal or Contract Amount
   Total
 Over 1 Year
Fair Value
Unrealized Gains (Losses)
    ¥3,164
¥—
¥ (1)
¥ (1)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
 —
 —
 —
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥ (1)
 ¥ (1)
       1. 2.
The above transactions are valued at fair value and the unrealized gains (losses) are included in the consolidated statement of income.
The fair value of listed transactions is based on the final price issued by Osaka Exchange or other exchange. The fair value of OTC transactions is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
March 31, 2017
  1. The above transactions are valued at fair value and the unrealized gains (losses) are included in the consolidated statement of income.
2. The fair value is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.
  Notional Principal or Contract Amount
 Millions of Yen (Note 1)
March 31, 2017
Unrealized Gains (Losses)
¥3,149 ————
———— ————
———— ————
———— ————
¥ — ¥— ¥(6) ¥(6)
Total
Over 1 Year
Fair Value
   Notional Principal or Contract Amount
Listed
Futures: Sold
Bought Futures Options:
Sold
Bought
Over-the-Counter
Options: Sold
Bought Other:
Sold
Bought Total
 Total
Over 1 Year
Fair Value
Unrealized Gains (Losses)
¥—
¥ (6)
¥ (6)
 Listed
Options:
Sold ———— Bought ————
Futures: Sold
¥ —¥ — ¥— ¥— Bought ————
Over-the-Counter
Currency Swaps
Forward Foreign Exchange:
425,332 407,121
110 110
(27) (27) 185 185
(36) 8 362
Sold 13,220 —
Bought 30,137 — Currency Options:
Sold 2,259 —
Bought 2,259 — Other:
1. The above transactions are valued at fair value and the unrealized gains (losses) are included in the consolidated statement of income.
2. The fair value of listed transactions is based on the final price issued by Osaka Exchange or other exchange. The fair value of OTC transactions is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.
(e) Commodity Derivatives None.
(f) Credit Derivatives None.
   Sold ———— Bought ————
Total ¥ — ¥ — ¥268 ¥279
1. The above transactions are valued at fair value and the unrealized gains (losses) are included in the consolidated statement of income.
2. The fair value is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.
(c) Equity Derivatives None.
  The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 55

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (2) Derivative Transactions to which Hedge Accounting Is Applied
With respect to the derivative transactions, contract amount or notional principal, fair value, unrealized gains (losses) and fair value calculation by hedge accounting method as of the consolidated balance sheet date are as follows. Contract amount or notional principal does not necessarily represent market risk of the derivative transaction.
(a) Interest Rate Derivatives
Principle Method: Interest Swap:
Receive Fixed / Pay Float Receive Float / Pay Fixed Receive Float / Pay Float
Other
Exceptional Accrual Method:
Interest Swap:
Receive Fixed / Pay Float Receive Float / Pay Fixed Receive Float / Pay Float
Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
 March 31, 2018
  Notional Principal or Contract Amount
 Hedged Item
 Total
 Over 1 Year
Fair Value
    Interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities including loans, available-for-sale debt securities, deposits and negotiable certificates of deposit
¥—
¥—
¥—
243,429
205,749
1,887
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans
—
—
34,726
25,722
*3
 —
 —
   ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥1,887
     1. Deferred hedge is primarily applied to the above transactions under the “Treatment for Accounting and Auditing of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments in Banking Industry” (JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 24).
2. The fair value of the above transactions is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.
3. Since derivative transactions qualifying for the exceptional accrual method are treated as a unit of loans, those fair values are included in fair values of such loans in “32.
Financial Instruments.”
Principle Method: Interest Swap:
Receive Fixed / Pay Float Receive Float / Pay Fixed Receive Float / Pay Float
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
March 31, 2017
Notional Principal or Contract Amount
   Exceptional Accrual Method: Interest Swap:
Receive Fixed / Pay Float Receive Float / Pay Fixed Receive Float / Pay Float
Total
Loans
Hedged Item
Interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities including loans, available-for-sale debt securities, deposits and negotiable certificates of deposit
Total
¥ 228,737
Over 1 Year
¥ — 162,067 — —
— 32,489 —
¥ —
Fair Value
¥ — 1,208 — —
*3
¥1,208
 — Other —
— 33,611 —
¥ —
—
  56
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
1. Deferred hedge is primarily applied to the above transactions under the “Treatment for Accounting and Auditing of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments in Banking Industry” (JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 24).
2. The fair value of the above transactions is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.
3. Since derivative transactions qualifying for the exceptional accrual method are treated as a unit of loans, those fair values are included in fair values of such loans in “32.
Financial Instruments.”

  (b) Currency Derivatives
Method of hedge accounting: Principle method
Currency Swap Total
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
 March 31, 2018
  Notional Principal or Contract Amount
 Hedged Item
  Total
  Over 1 Year
 Fair Value
 Foreign currency denominated loans, securities, deposits and foreign exchanges
¥160,534
¥105,820
¥(637)
   ¥—
  ¥—
  ¥(637)
     1. Deferred hedge is primarily applied to the above transactions under the “Treatment for Accounting and Auditing Concerning Accounting for Foreign Currency Transactions in Banking Industry” (JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 25).
2. The fair value is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.
    Currency Swap
Total
Hedged Item
Foreign currency denominated loans, securities, deposits and foreign exchanges
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
March 31, 2017
Notional Principal or Contract Amount
Total Over 1 Year
¥260,663 ¥76,427
Fair Value
¥100
 2. The fair value is based on the discounted cash flow method or option pricing models.
(c) Equity Derivatives None.
(d) Bond Derivatives None.
37. Per Share Data
Net Assets per Share of Common Stock
Profit per Share of Common Stock
Diluted Net Income per Share of Common Stock
I. Basis on Calculating Net Assets per Share
Consolidated Net Assets
Less: Subscription Rights to Shares
Consolidated Net Assets Attributable to Common Stockholders
Number of Shares of Common Stock Used for Calculating Net Assets per Share
II. Basis on Calculating Net Income per Share
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent Not Attributable to Common Stockholders Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent Attributable to Common Stockholders
Average Number of Shares of Common Stock (excluding Treasury Shares)
Yen (Note 1)
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Number of Shares
2017
797,759,929
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Number of Shares
2017
807,250,735
U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
¥— ¥— ¥100
 1. Deferred hedge is primarily applied to the above transactions under the “Treatment for Accounting and Auditing Concerning Accounting for Foreign Currency Transactions in Banking Industry” (JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 25).
 2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥1,207.15
¥1,128.31 65.32 65.25
  $11.36
67.98
0.64
67.91
 0.64
     2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥943,236
¥900,550 423
 $8,878,353
511
 4,813
 ¥942,724
  ¥900,127
 $8,873,540
      2018
 780,947,638
        2018
 2017
  2018
 ¥53,796
¥52,730 —
 $506,363
—
 —
 ¥53,796
  ¥52,730
 $506,363
      2018
 791,243,837
       The increased number of shares of common stock for stock options is 915 thousand (857 thousand for the previous fiscal year), which is used for calculating diluted profit per share.
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 57

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 38. Related Party Transactions
I. Related Party Transactions
(1) Transactions between the Bank and Related Parties Directors of the Bank or major shareholders (individuals only), etc. For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017
None.
For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018
Party Classification
Company, a majority of whose voting rights are owned by the close members of directors’ respective families
Name of Company or Individual
Daimaru Foods Co., Ltd.
Address
Choshi-shi, Chiba Pref.
Capital
¥35 million
Type of Business
Food Manufacturing
Percentage of Voting Rights Held by the Bank
0.00%
Relations with Related Party
—
Type of Transaction
Lending
Amounts of the Transactions
Average balance of ¥56 million
Account Classification
Loan
Balance at the Fiscal Year-End
¥56 million
  The terms of transactions and policies of determining the terms are similar to general cases.
(2) Transactions between Subsidiaries of the Bank and Related Parties
None.
II. Notes to the Parent Company or Major Affiliated Companies
None.
39. Cash Dividends Paid
I. Cash Dividends Paid for the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017
  Resolution
Annual General Shareholders Meeting,
at June 28, 2016
Board of Directors, at November 9, 2016
Category of Shares
Common Stock Common Stock
Total Amounts of Cash Dividends Paid Millions of Yen (Note 1)
¥5,751 6,031
Cash Dividends per Share Yen (Note 1)
¥7.00 7.50
Cash Dividends per Share Yen (Note 1)
¥7.50 7.50
Record Date
March 31, 2016 September 30, 2016
Record Date
March 31, 2017 September 30, 2017
Effective Date
June 29, 2016 December 5, 2016
Effective Date
June 29, 2017 December 5, 2017
                  II. Cash Dividends Paid for the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018
  Resolution
Annual General Shareholders Meeting,
at June 28, 2017
Board of Directors, at November 8, 2017
Category of Shares
Common Stock Common Stock
Total Amounts of Cash Dividends Paid Millions of Yen (Note 1)
¥5,983 5,917
                  III. Cash Dividends with the Record Date in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018 and the Effective Date in the Fiscal Year ending March 31, 2019
  Approval
Annual General Shareholders Meeting,
at June 27, 2018
40. Stock Options
Category of Shares Common Stock
Total Amounts of Cash Dividends Paid Millions of Yen (Note 1)
¥5,857
Source of Dividends
Retained Earnings
Cash Dividends per Share Yen (Note 1)
¥7.50
Millions of Yen (Note 1)
Record Date March 31, 2018
Effective Date June 28, 2018
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
              I. Line Item where Stock Option Expense Is Presented and the Amount
General and Administrative Expenses
 2018
  2017
  2018
 ¥164
 ¥159
 $1,546
    58
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

  II. Stock Option Activity
(1) Outline of Stock Options
Number of Grantees
Number of Stock Options
Date of Grant
Requirement for Determination of Rights Target Period
Exercise Period
Number of Grantees
Number of Stock Options
Date of Grant
Requirement for Determination of Rights Target Period
Exercise Period
(2) Size and Situation of Stock Options (a) Number of Stock Options
Non-Vested:
As of March 31, 2017 Granted
Forfeited
Vested
Outstanding
The first subscription rights
Directors 9
The second subscription rights
9
9
343,600
20, 2011
Not fixed
Not fixed
21, 2011 20, 2041
The third subscription rights
9
9
344,700
July 20, 2012
Not fixed
Not fixed
July 21, 2012 July 20, 2042
The fourth subscription rights
9
11
229,400
19, 2013
Not fixed
Not fixed
20, 2013 19, 2043
 Executive officers Common stock
9
311,100
20, 2010
Not fixed
Not fixed
21, 2010 20, 2040
July
From July to July
July
From July to July
From to
July
From July to July
 The fifth subscription rights
The sixth subscription rights
10
10
180,700
17, 2015
Not fixed
Not fixed
18, 2015 17, 2045
The seventh subscription rights
10
10
365,400
July 20, 2016
Not fixed
Not fixed
July 21, 2016 July 20, 2046
The eighth subscription rights
9
11
230,500
20, 2017
Not fixed
Not fixed
21, 2017 20, 2047
 Directors 10
Executive officers Common stock
10
243,000
18, 2014
Not fixed
Not fixed
19, 2014 18, 2044
July
From July to July
July
From July to July
From to
July
From July to July
 Number of Shares
 The first subscription rights
The second subscription rights
The third subscription rights
The fourth subscription rights
  Vested:
As of March 31, 2017
Vested ————
Exercised
Forfeited Outstanding
Non-Vested:
As of March 31, 2017 Granted
Forfeited
Vested
Outstanding
Vested:
As of March 31, 2017 Vested
Exercised
Forfeited
— —
— — 54,000 58,000
14,400 — 66,900
The seventh subscription rights
— — — — —
365,400 — 67,700 — 297,700
8,800 — 58,000
The eighth subscription rights
— 230,500 — 230,500 —
— 230,500 — — 230,500
The fifth subscription rights
— — — — —
The sixth subscription rights
— — — — —
115,700 — 22,600 — 93,100
—
—
— ———— — — — —
— — —
— — —
— — —
54,000 58,000 81,300 66,800
 Number of Shares
   102,700 — 21,100 — Outstanding 81,600
 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 59

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (b) Price Information
Exercise Price
Average Price at Exercise Fair Value at Grant Date
Exercise Price
Average Price at Exercise Fair Value at Grant Date
III. Estimations Used to Measure Fair Value of Stock Options
(1) Valuation Method
Black-Scholes option pricing model
(2) Main Figures and the Way of Estimation
Volatility of Stock Price*1
Estimated Remaining Outstanding Period*2 Estimated Dividend*3
Risk-Free Interest Rate*4
Yen (Note 1)
 The first subscription rights
1 — 467
The fifth subscription rights
1 817 673
Yen (Note 1)
The fourth subscription rights
1 817 686
The eighth subscription rights
1 — 721
The eighth subscription rights 31.127%
5 years ¥15 per share –0.058%
The second subscription rights
1 — 446
The sixth subscription rights
The third subscription rights
1 817 403
The seventh subscription rights
    1 1 817 817 913 433
     60
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
*1 Volatility of Stock Price is calculated based on the actual stock prices of Estimated Remaining Outstanding Period.
*2 Estimated Remaining Outstanding Period is estimated based on the average administration period of the directors from the past decade. *3 Estimated Dividend is based on the actual results of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
*4 Risk-Free Interest Rate is based on bonds’ yields of the Estimated Remaining Outstanding Period.
IV. Estimated Number of Stock Options to be Vested
The actual number of forfeited stock options alone is reflected because the number of stock options that will be forfeited in the future can- not be readily estimated.

 Independent Auditor’s Report
    The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 61

 Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. As of March 31, 2018
Assets
Millions of Yen*1
Thousands of U.S. Dollars*2
2018
$ 17,333,603 713,489 141,189 106,632 1,144,439 208,127 20,300,307 92,395,191 30,007 1,076,438 888,700 109,897 4,166 362,172
(178,637) $134,635,721
$117,945,275 — 160,824 2,450,937 118,906 3,137,559 5,528 1,070,354 9,072 587,304 117,533 28,941 2,253 271,884 102,155 362,172 126,370,698
1,365,485 1,149,606 5,130,317
479,388 4,650,929
(557,758) 7,087,650 1,053,720
17,158 101,682 1,172,560 4,813 8,265,023 $134,635,721
        2018
¥ 1,841,522 75,801 14,999 11,328 121,585 22,111 Securities 2,156,704
2017
¥ 1,802,733 154,078 14,999 11,741 129,232 21,140 2,373,637 9,305,388 4,563 79,287 96,120 10,752 718 44,988
(23,123)
¥14,026,259
¥12,044,770 250,000 — 318,992 16,474 277,646 692 117,267 62 53,245 19,140 2,920 268 24,577 10,930 44,988
13,181,978
145,069 122,134 514,303
50,930 463,373 (52,219)
729,287 102,326 1,510 10,733
114,570 423
844,280
¥14,026,259
   Cash and Due from Banks
Call Loans
Receivables under Resale Agreements Monetary Claims Bought
Trading Assets Money Held in Trust
Loans and Bills Discounted
Foreign Exchanges
Other Assets
Tangible Fixed Assets
Intangible Fixed Assets
Prepaid Pension Cost
Customers’ Liabilities for Acceptances and Guarantees Allowance for Loan Losses
Total Assets
9,816,065 3,187 114,360 94,415 11,675 442 38,477
(18,978)
¥14,303,698
      Liabilities
Deposits ¥12,530,506
Call Money
Payables under Repurchase Agreements
Payables under Securities Lending Transactions Trading Liabilities
Borrowed Money
Foreign Exchanges
Bonds Payable
Borrowed Money from Trust Account
Other Liabilities
Provision for Retirement Benefits
Provision for Reimbursement of Deposits Provision for Point Loyalty Programs Deferred Tax Liabilities
Deferred Tax Liabilities for Land Revaluation Acceptances and Guarantees
Total Liabilities
Net Assets
Capital Stock Capital Surplus Retained Earnings
Legal Retained Earnings
Other Retained Earnings Treasury Shares
Total Shareholders’ Equity
Valuation Difference on Available-for-Sale Securities Deferred Gains or Losses on Hedges
Revaluation Reserve for Land
Total Valuation and Translation Adjustments Subscription Rights to Shares
Total Net Assets
Total Liabilities and Net Assets
— 17,085
260,387 12,632 333,334 587 113,714 963 62,395 12,486 3,074 239 28,884 10,852 38,477
13,425,622
145,069 122,134 545,044
50,930 494,114
(59,256)
752,991 111,947 1,822 10,802
124,572 511
878,076
¥14,303,698
                     62
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
*1 Japanese yen amounts are presented in millions of yen by rounding down figures below one million. As a result, the totals in Japanese yen in the non-consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of individual amounts.
*2 U.S. dollar amounts are shown solely for the convenience of the readers of this Annual Report and are translated at the rate of ¥106.24 to $1.00, the exchange rate prevail- ing at March 31, 2018.

 Non-Consolidated Statement of Income (Unaudited)
The Chiba Bank, Ltd.
For the year ended March 31, 2018
Income
Interest Income:
Interest on Loans and Discounts Interest and Dividends on Securities Other Interest Income
Trust Fees
Fees and Commissions Trading Income
Other Ordinary Income Other Income
Total Income Expenses
Interest Expenses:
Interest on Deposits
Interest on Borrowings and Rediscounts Other Interest Expenses
Fees and Commissions Payments Other Ordinary Expenses
General and Administrative Expenses Other Expenses
Total Expenses
Profit before Income Taxes
Income Taxes—Current
Income Taxes—Deferred
Profit
Millions of Yen*1
Thousands of U.S. Dollars*2
  2018
 ¥108,223
28,795
3,383
16
43,476
2,001
5,375
13,962
 205,233
 8,379
1,763
8,745
19,735
3,249
85,082
9,023
 135,979
 69,254
19,783
(184)
 ¥ 49,655
   2018
 $1,018,671
271,039
31,844
154
409,232
18,837
50,594
131,421
 1,931,791
 78,870
16,597
82,316
185,764
30,587
800,853
84,936
 1,279,924
 651,867
186,212
(1,739)
 $ 467,394
  2017
  ¥107,387 27,744 2,588 2 39,444 2,590 5,447 16,059 201,264
6,045 732 9,780 20,343 4,237 84,483 6,636 132,259 69,004 17,218 3,167 ¥ 48,619
            *1 Japanese yen amounts are presented in millions of yen by rounding down figures below one million. As a result, the totals in Japanese yen in the non-consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of individual amounts.
*2 U.S. dollar amounts are shown solely for the convenience of the readers of this Annual Report and are translated at the rate of ¥106.24 to $1.00, the exchange rate prevail- ing at March 31, 2018.
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 63

 Supplementary Information (Unaudited)
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2018
Consolidated Capital Ratio (BIS Guidelines)
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital: Instruments and Reserves
Capital Stock and Capital Surplus
Retained Earnings
Treasury Shares
Cash Dividends to be Paid
Subscription Rights to Shares
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income and Other Disclosed Reserves Instruments and Reserves (Transitional Arrangements)
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital: Regulatory Adjustments
Total Intangible Assets (Excluding Those Relating to Mortgage Servicing Rights) Deferred Gains or Losses on Derivatives under Hedge Accounting
Shortfall of Eligible Provisions to Expected Losses
Securitization Gain on Sale
Net Defined Benefit Asset
Investments in Own Shares (Excluding Those Reported in the Net Assets Section) Investments in the Capital of Banking, Financial and Insurance Entities that Are
Outside the Scope of Regulatory Consolidation, Net of Eligible Short Positions, where the Bank Does Not Own more than 10% of the Issued Share Capital (Amount above 10% Threshold)
Regulatory Adjustments due to Insufficient Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2
Total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital
Additional Tier 1 Capital: Instruments
Instruments (Transitional Arrangements)
Additional Tier 1 Capital: Regulatory Adjustments
Regulatory Adjustments (Transitional Arrangements)
Total Additional Tier 1 Capital Total Tier 1 Capital
Tier 2 Capital: Instruments and Provisions
Directly Issued Qualifying Tier 2 Instruments plus Related Capital Surplus of which: Classified as Liabilities under Applicable Accounting Standards
General Allowance for Loan Losses and Eligible Provisions
Instruments and Provisions (Transitional Arrangements)
Tier 2 Capital: Regulatory Adjustments
Investments in the Capital of Banking, Financial and Insurance Entities that Are Outside the Scope of Regulatory Consolidation, Net of Eligible Short Positions, where the Bank Does Not Own more than 10% of the Issued Common Share Capital of the Entity (Amount above 10% Threshold)
Regulatory Adjustments (Transitional Arrangements)
Total Tier 2 Capital Total Capital
Millions of Yen*1
Thousands of U.S. Dollars*2
  2018
 ¥937,379
267,203
600,931
59,256
5,857
511
133,846
—
43,780
8,238
(381)
35,066
44
765
46
—
—
 893,598
 —
—
—
—
 —
 893,598
 50,120
50,000
120
—
—
—
—
 50,120
 ¥943,719
   2018
 $8,823,222
2,515,091
5,656,361
557,758
55,131
4,813
1,259,846
—
412,087
77,542
(3,588)
330,073
415
7,205
440
—
—
 8,411,135
 —
—
—
—
 —
 8,411,135
 471,766
470,633
1,134
—
—
—
—
 471,766
 $8,882,901
  2017
¥870,748 267,203 566,050
52,219 5,983 423 95,274 — 42,248 6,081
(516) 29,671 39 — 28
3,657
3,287 828,499
431
431 3,718 3,718 — 828,499
66,447
50,000 348 16,098 4,893
1,181
3,711 61,553 ¥890,053
                  64
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018

  Millions of Yen*1
Thousands of U.S. Dollars*2
 2018
 ¥7,159,997
572,799
12.48%
12.48%
13.18%
   2018
 $67,394,551
5,391,564
12.48%
12.48%
13.18%
  2017
  Risk-Weighted Assets
Total Risk-Weighted Assets*3 Total Required Capital*4
Capital Ratios
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio Tier 1 Capital Ratio
Total Capital Ratio
¥6,547,655 523,812
12.65% 12.65% 13.59%
  *1 Japanese yen amounts are presented in millions of yen by rounding down figures below one million. As a result, the totals in Japanese yen in the supplementary information do not necessarily agree with the sums of individual amounts.
*2 U.S. dollar amounts are shown solely for the convenience of the readers of this Annual Report and are translated at the rate of ¥106.24 to $1.00, the exchange rate prevail- ing at March 31, 2018.
*3 The following approaches were adopted to calculate Total Risk-Weighted Assets. Credit Risk: Foundation Internal Ratings-Based Approach
Operational Risk: Standardized Approach
*4 Total Required Capital is calculated by multiplying Total Risk-Weighted Assets by 8%.
Consolidated Leverage Ratio
On-Balance Sheet Exposures
On-Balance Sheet Exposures before Adjustments
Total Assets Reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet
The Amount of Assets that Are Deducted from the Total Assets Reported in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet (except Adjustment Items) The Amount of Adjustments to Tier 1 Capital
Total On-Balance Sheet Exposures
Derivative Exposures
Replacement Cost Associated with Derivatives Transactions Add-On Amounts Associated with Derivatives Transactions
The Amount of Cash Collateral Provided in Derivatives Transactions
Total Derivative Exposures
Securities Financing Transaction (SFT) Exposures
The Amount of SFT Assets
The Exposures for Counter-Party Credit Risk for SFTs
Total SFT Exposures
Off-Balance Sheet Exposures
Notional Amount of Off-Balance Sheet Exposures
The Amount of Adjustments for Conversion in Relation to Off-Balance Sheets
Total Off-Balance Sheet Exposures
Consolidated Leverage Ratio Tier 1 Capital
Total Exposures Leverage Ratio
Millions of Yen*1
Thousands of U.S. Dollars*2
 2018
 ¥14,278,955
14,381,815
(102,859)
(44,117)
 14,234,838
 30,739
34,841
8,563
 74,144
 14,999
1,393
 16,393
 3,352,753
(2,866,253)
 486,499
 893,598
14,811,876
6.03%
   2018
 $134,402,823
135,371,001
(968,178)
(415,259)
 133,987,563
 289,342
327,954
80,603
 697,898
 141,189
13,121
 154,310
 31,558,293
(26,979,042)
 4,579,251
 8,411,135
139,419,023
6.03%
  2017
  ¥13,986,460 14,095,743
(109,283) (43,147) 13,943,312
26,156 24,608 12,385 63,150
14,999 1,404 16,404
3,303,214 (2,809,516) 493,697
828,499 14,516,564 5.70%
                  *1 Japanese yen amounts are presented in millions of yen by rounding down figures below one million. As a result, the totals in Japanese yen in the supplementary information do not necessarily agree with the sums of individual amounts.
*2 U.S. dollar amounts are shown solely for the convenience of the readers of this Annual Report and are translated at the rate of ¥106.24 to $1.00, the exchange rate prevail- ing at March 31, 2018.
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 65

 Supplementary Information (Unaudited)
 Loans and Bills Discounted, Borrower Classification by Industry (Consolidated)
Domestic Operations
Manufacturing
Agriculture and Forestry
Fishery
Mining, Quarrying and Gravel Construction
Electricity, Gas, Heat Supply and Water Information and Communications Transport and Postal Service Wholesale and Retail Trade
Finance and Insurance
Real Estate and Leasing
Services
Government and Local Public Sector Others (Mainly Consumer Loans)
Total
Overseas Operations and JOM Account
Domestic Operations
Manufacturing
Agriculture and Forestry
Fishery
Mining, Quarrying and Gravel
Construction
Electricity, Gas, Heat Supply and Water
Information and Communications
Transport and Postal Service
Wholesale and Retail Trade
Finance and Insurance
Real Estate and Leasing
Services 516,238 Government and Local Public Sector 188,754 Others (Mainly Consumer Loans) 3,418,024
Total ¥9,079,360
Overseas Operations and JOM Account ¥ 189,493
Millions of Yen*
 March 31, 2018
 Outstanding Balance
 Composition
  ¥ 698,625
7.30%
11,493
0.12%
1,185
0.01%
18,720
0.20%
314,284
3.29%
67,090
0.70%
71,966
0.75%
244,173
2.55%
749,431
7.84%
377,026
3.94%
2,666,533
27.88%
561,396
5.87%
204,587
2.14%
3,578,470
 37.41%
 ¥9,564,985
 100.00%
 ¥ 209,926
 —
      Millions of Yen*
March 31, 2017
  ¥
Outstanding Balance
Composition
7.63% 0.11% 0.01% 0.24% 3.23% 0.67% 0.44% 2.61% 8.00% 4.28%
27.36% 5.69% 2.08%
37.65%
100.00%
—
  693,185 9,926 1,298 21,624 293,115 60,703 39,791 236,991 726,519 389,095 2,484,089
      66
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
* Japanese yen amounts are presented in millions of yen by rounding down figures below one million. As a result, the totals in Japanese yen in the non-consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of individual amounts.

 Organization
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. As of June 27, 2018
  Audit & Supervisory Board
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Staff
   (Internal Audit and Inspection Unit)
Audit and Inspection Division
Corporate Administration Headquarters
 Corporate Planning Headquarters
   Corporate Planning Division
  Public Relations Division
     General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of Directors
President
Board of Designated Directors
    Appointment, Remuneration and Corporate Advisory Committee
General Secretariat
  New Head Office Project Office
  Corporate Administration Division
  Human Resources Division
  Diversity Management Division
  Risk Management Division
  Compliance Division
  Credit Division
 Business Support Division
(Credit Unit)
  Business Promotion Headquarters
  Business Promotion Division
  Customer Service Division
  Corporate Business Division
  Regional Revitalization Division
  Trust Business Division
  Consumer Loan Business Division
  Retail Business Division
  Asset Management Support Division
  Treasury Division
  Treasury Operation Division
 Operation Headquarters
  Operation Planning Division
  EDP System Division
  Business Operation Division
  Operation Division
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 67

 68
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
Subsidiaries
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. As of March 31, 2018
Sobu Co., Ltd.
1-10-2, Nakase, Mihama-ku,
Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0023
Principal Business: Rental and maintenance of the Chiba Bank’s office buildings and welfare facilities; purchase and sale of supplies and consumer goods Established: September 7, 1959
Capital: ¥20 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 100%
Chibagin Career Service Co., Ltd.
1-10-2, Nakase, Mihama-ku,
Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0023
Principal Business: Accounting, general administration and temporary staff services Established: December 22, 1989
Capital: ¥20 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 100%
Chiba Servicer Co., Ltd.
1-10-2, Nakase, Mihama-ku, Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0023
Principal Business: Management and collection of claims
Established: October 1, 2001 Capital: ¥500 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 100%
Chibagin Heartful Co., Ltd.
4-1-10, Masago, Mihama-ku, Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0011 Principal Business: Outsourcing of operational business
Established: December 1, 2006 Capital: ¥10 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 100%
Chibagin Securities Co., Ltd.
2-5-1, Chuo, Chuo-ku,
Chiba-shi, Chiba 260-0013
Principal Business: Securities business Established: March 27, 1944
Capital: ¥4,374 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 100%
International Directory
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. As of March 31, 2018
Head Office
1-2, Chiba-minato, Chuo-ku, Chiba-shi, Chiba 260-8720, Japan Telephone: 81-43-245-1111 http://www.chibabank.co.jp/english/
Treasury Operation Division
1-5-5, Nihonbashi Muromachi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-0022, Japan Telephone: 81-3-3270-8459
Fax: 81-3-3242-1735
SWIFT Address: CHBA JPJT
Treasury Division
1-5-5, Nihonbashi Muromachi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-0022, Japan Telephone: 81-3-3231-1285
Fax: 81-3-3242-1736
Chibagin Guarantee Co., Ltd.
3-17-5, Inage-higashi, Inage-ku,
Chiba-shi, Chiba 263-0031
Principal Business: Housing loan guarantees and fee collection services
Established: May 1, 1978
Capital: ¥54 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 45.6%
its subsidiaries 54.4%
Chibagin JCB Card Co., Ltd.
1-10-2, Nakase, Mihama-ku, Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0023 Principal Business: Credit card and credit guarantee business Established: November 1, 1982 Capital: ¥50 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 49%
its subsidiaries 51%
Chibagin DC Card Co., Ltd.
1-10-2, Nakase, Mihama-ku, Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0023 Principal Business: Credit card and credit guarantee business Established: February 16, 1989 Capital: ¥50 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 40%
its subsidiaries 60%
Chibagin Leasing Co., Ltd.
1-10-2, Nakase, Mihama-ku, Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0023 Principal Business: Leasing Established: December 15, 1986 Capital: ¥100 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 49%
its subsidiaries 51%
Chibagin Computer Service Co., Ltd.
1-10-2, Nakase, Mihama-ku,
Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0023
Principal Business: Computer systems development and commissioned computation tasks
Established: April 1, 1980
Capital: ¥150 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 48.7%
its subsidiaries 51.3%
New York Branch
1133 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor, New York, N.Y. 10036, U.S.A. Telephone: 1-212-354-7777
Fax: 1-212-354-8575
SWIFT Address: CHBAUS33
Hong Kong Branch
Unit 2510, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong Telephone: 852-2840-1222 Fax: 852-2840-0507
SWIFT Address: CHBAHKHH
London Branch
3rd Floor, Regina House,
1 Queen Street, London EC4N 1SW, United Kingdom
Telephone: 44-20-7315-3111
Fax: 44-20-7236-2205
SWIFT Address: CHBAGB2L
Chibagin Capital Co., Ltd.
1-10-2, Nakase, Mihama-ku,
Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0023
Principal Business: Consulting services, IPOs, etc. Established: May 29, 1984
Capital: ¥100 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 30%
its subsidiaries 70%
Chibagin Asset Management Co., Ltd.
2-13-7, Kotobashi,
Sumida-ku, Tokyo 130-0022
Principal Business: Consulting for portfolio investments of clients’ financial assets Established: March 31, 1986
Capital: ¥200 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 40%
its subsidiaries 30%
Chibagin Research Institute, Ltd.
1-10-2, Nakase, Mihama-ku,
Chiba-shi, Chiba 261-0023
Principal Business: Information services, surveys, and consulting
Established: February 28, 1990
Capital: ¥150 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 31.8%
its subsidiaries 68.2%
T&I Innovation Center Co., Ltd.
1-5-5, Nihonbashi Muromachi,
Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-0022
Principal Business: Investigations and research of advanced financial technologies, planning and development of financial services
Established: July 1, 2016
Capital: ¥100 million
Equity Ownership: Chiba Bank 40%
 Shanghai Representative Office
Room 707, Shanghai International Trade Center, 2201 Yan-An Road (West),
Shanghai, P.R.C. 200336
Telephone: 86-21-62780482
Fax: 86-21-62780422
Singapore Representative Office
50 Raffles Place, #10-06 Singapore Land Tower, Singapore 048623
Telephone: 65-6438-4525
Fax: 65-6438-6890
Bangkok Representative Office
No.98 Sathorn Square Office
Tower, 20th Floor, Room 2008, North Sathorn Road, Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500, Thailand Telephone: 66-2-163-2723
Fax: 66-2-163-2725

   Corporate Data
The Chiba Bank, Ltd. As of March 31, 2018
Principal Shareholders
The ten largest shareholders of the Chiba Bank and their respective shareholdings as of March 31, 2018 were as follows:
   The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) Nippon Life Insurance Company
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company
SUMITOMO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505223 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
(¥ trillion)
12
10
Number of Shares (in thousands)*1
46,687 36,004 26,870 26,230 21,537 18,291 17,842 17,707 14,939 13,432
Percentage of Total Shares Issued*2 (%)
5.39 4.15 3.10 3.03 2.48 2.11 2.06 2.04 1.72 1.55
  Excluded from the figures above are 84,573 thousand (9.77%) treasury shares. (Excludes one thousand shares which, although registered in the name of the Chiba Bank on the shareholder list, are not actually owned by the Chiba Bank.)
*1 Rounded down to the nearest thousand
*2 Rounded down to two decimal places
Corporate Information
8
  Established
Network
March 1943 181 branches
  Domestic
Overseas
(158 branches, 20 sub-branches and 3 virtual branches) 48,635 off-branch ATM locations
(including 12,894 E-net ATM locations at convenience stores, 12,783 LAWSON ATM locations at convenience stores and 22,668 ATM locations jointly with Seven Bank, Ltd.)
    Number of Employees*1
Total Assets
Loans and Bills Discounted
Deposits (including NCD)
Capital Stock
Total Capital Ratio (BIS guidelines)
Authorized Number of Shares
Number of Issued Shares
Number of Shareholders*2
TSE Code
Transfer Agent
Credit Ratings
3 money exchange counters 6
3 branches (New York/Hong Kong/London)
3 representative offices (Shanghai/Singapore/Bangkok)
4,343
¥14,303.6 billion
¥9,816.0 billion
¥12,530.5 billion
¥145.0 billion
13.18% (Consolidated) 12.55% (Non-consolidated)
2,500,000 thousand 865,521 thousand 22,406
8331
JAPAN SECURITIES AGENTS, LTD.
1-2-4, Nihonbashi Kayabacho, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8202
          4
            2
Long-Term
Short-Term
 Standard & Poor’s A A-1 Moody’s A1 P-1 Rating and Investment Information AA– —
  Figures as shown are presented on a non-consolidated basis.
*1 Number of employees includes transferred employees but excludes temporary staff and one-year contract employees. *2 Shareholders with fewer than 1,000 shares are excluded
1993.3 2003.3 2013.3 2018.3 0
  
 