Social
With the aim of regional revitalization, we proactively engage in activities that support the core businesses of our customers and contribute to the advancement of local industry.
Private Placement Bonds for Regional Revitalization
In order to provide support for initiatives that contribute to local communities, such as for education, the Chiba Bank handles Private Placement Bonds for Regional Revitalization (Mirai Hagukumi Bonds), where a part of the commission fees received from companies issuing private placement bonds are used to buy education- related supplies that are donated to schools and other institutions designated by the issuer. As of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, a total of 344 of these bonds have been issued in the amount of ¥33.9 billion.
Establishment of Agricultural Corporations
In March 2018, the Fresh Farm Chiba Co., Ltd. was
jointly established with local companies as an agricultural corporation. It engages in wet-rice farming on two hectares of rice paddy fields in Chiba Prefecture. The aim is to improve competitiveness and develop regional farming through efforts to increase scale and secure sales channels via corporate management, in order to solve issues faced by the agricultural community, such as a lack of people to carry on farming, aging farmers, and abandoned farmland.
Social Welfare Activities
The Chibagin Heartful Co., Ltd. was founded for the purpose of encouraging the employment of persons with disabilities. As of April 1, 2018, it had hired 30 persons with disabilities who work creating forms used at the bank and help with data entry for ex- change transactions. Moreover, the Chibagin Heartful Welfare Fund supports social welfare corporations, groups and initiatives in Chiba Prefecture by provid- ing them with financial assistance. Donations in the amount of ¥53 million have been extended to a total of 95 organizations.
Financial Education Activities
To help people of all ages to grasp the importance of money, the workings of finance, and a correct under- standing as a consumer, the Bank works to provide financial education. We receive visits to our locations from school children of all ages, teaching staff, local government organizations, and companies from other industries. At the Chibagin Archive on Finance, we provide educational exhibits on the history of finance in Chiba Prefecture and also on the Chiba Bank.
      20 The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018
 Promotion of Women
As a part of efforts to promote diversity, we are making diligent efforts to help women form careers and expand their roles at work. We have set and disclosed the following numerical targets for promoting women to management positions, while greatly expanding the number of promotions.
As of July 2018, there are 6 women working as gen- eral managers in the headquarters, including 1 executive officer and 20 women holding the title of branch manager.
Talent Bank for Regional Banks
The Talent Bank for Regional Banks has been put
in place for assisting employees in continuing their careers at regional banks. It was created at the Meeting of Regional Bank Presidents to Accelerate the Careers of Women, with the presidents of all 64 member
banks of the Regional Banks Association of Japan in attendance. The Chiba Bank acts as the secretariat for the meeting. In the event an employee reluctantly plans to quit due to a move into a new home as a result of
life changes, such as getting married, accompanying a working spouse who is transferred to another location or taking care of elderly parents, the Talent Bank will introduce the employee to another regional bank in the area of their new home. As of March 2018, a total of 133 employees have found new work this way.
  Women in Management Positions
 Management position Leader position*
As of 2006/3
2.0%
(17 persons)
As of 2018/7
12.7%
(129 persons)
Target for 2020
20% 30%9.4%
(98 persons)30.4%
(273 persons)* Leader positions refer to employees who share organizational responsibilities
for managing the Chiba Bank Group in their roles as managers of their assigned operations. These employees are in positions supervising subordinates or hold an equivalent post.
Nursery Facilities at Business Offices
As part of efforts to provide an environment where employees can take care of their children while work- ing in order to balance their careers with childrearing, the Chiba Bank has set up Himawari Nurseries for
the children of Group employees. In 2018, the Bank opened two new Himawari Nurseries, bringing the total of Company-led nursery facilities at business offices to three locations.
最小サイズ
ヨコ 12.8 ミリまで
 External Awards
Mar. 2015
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry “FY2014 Diversity Management Selection 100”
Dec. 2015
Cabinet Office
“Awards to Commend Leading Companies Where Women Shine
(Prime Minister’s Award)”
Apr. 2016
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare “L-Star” (top-ranked) designation
Aug. 2017
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare “Platinum Kurumin” certified
Mar. 2018
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Tokyo Stock Exchange “FY2017 Nadeshiko Brand”
      The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Annual Report 2018 21