 WHERE WE’RE GOING
Special Examples of Value Creation that
Feature Demonstrate Our Functions and Strengths 2
BUSINESS Develop MODEL
Through the development of environmentally friendly renewable energy, especially solar power generation, we will contribute to the creation of a sustainable society, and are accumulating even higher quality assets by expanding markets and sources of electric power, seeking a business model with even higher added value.
01
Renewable Energy Business
Continually generating environmentally friendly renewable energy
Wind power
2017 Ireland
Wind power plant (Ireland)
Solar power
The background to our business foundation
In 2010 Sojitz launched its solar power generation business; to date, we have cultivated development functions through constructing and managing power plants, and strengthened our earnings foundation by furthering project development. At the same time, we regularly ascertain asset prices and the external environment, and make efforts to replace assets and improve asset quality when necessary.
We began initiatives for our renewable energy business by first entering the power generation business in Germany. After this, we entered the Japanese solar power generation business in 2013, and are developing and constructing 12 solar power plants in Japan, nine of which had begun operations by the end of March 2019.
In addition, we have cultivated comprehensive development functions through our Japanese business, and are applying these overseas to steadily expand our business fields: we are entering solar power in Mexico, Chile, and Peru, and on-shore wind power in Ireland and the U.S. Since April 2019, we have also started initiatives for off-shore wind
power generation in Taiwan and biomass power generation in Hokkaido.
In this way, we are making use of local characteristics such as solar power, on-shore and off-shore wind power, and biomass, engaging in lateral development, and steadily advancing initiatives to diversify electrical power sources. In so doing, we will form balanced renewable energy assets all over the world, from which we anticipate stable earnings.
32 Sojitz Corporation Integrated Report 2019
2019 Taiwan
Solar power plant (Peru)
2013
Aomori, Hokkaido, Aichi, Kumamoto
Solar power plant (Chile)
2018 U.S.A.
2017 Mexico
Solar Power Plant (Aomori)
Solar power plant (Mexico)
Net Power-Generation Capacity
(as of the end of June, 2019, including projects under construction)
(MW) Solar power 600
400 200
Wind power
Biomass
0 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 (Year)
2017 Chile
2015 Peru
Initiatives for sustainable growth
We will continue our efforts to further strengthen our earnings foundation by making use of our integrated development functions, from identifying a project to commercializing it, promoting entry into regions in which we anticipate growth in the renewable energy market, including off-shore wind power generation, and developing new projects.
Due to the evolution of new technology, business models in the field of energy are constantly changing. In response to these changes, we established the Social Infrastructure Development Office in the Energy & Social Infrastructure Division; through this, we are promoting an approach based on the field of ICT to enable us to improve the efficiency of our energy use and to respond to social issues, including measures to address the aging of
Developing the Uses of Renewable Energy
infrastructure. More specifically, we are taking on the challenge of new electrical power projects that are more rooted in the regions and can respond to the needs of a variety of users—for example, constructing a microgrid* that makes use of distributed network technology— which we hope will further enhance our business earnings capacity.
In this way, we will make use of the networks and
marketing capabilities unique to a trading company and
adjust the balance between supply and demand as we
contribute to the construction of advanced social
infrastructure that will create more sustainable, safe, secure,
and comfortable lifestyles. In so doing, we will achieve
sustainability both for Sojitz and society.
* An autonomous energy supply network for a variety of users. It is made up of proprietary electrical power networks and sources of electricity.
      Further expanding business
Utilizing AI and the IoT
Sharing environmental value through energy management
Sustainable, clean energy Creating more advanced added value for our energy generation business
Working towards a robust earnings foundation
   New business (accumulating quality assets)
Expanding markets and sources of electricity
• Off-shore wind power generation
• Biomass power generation • Geothermal power generation
 Extending existing business (stable earnings foundation)
Expanding from the Japanese solar power generation business to other markets
• Solar power generation • On-shore wind power generation
 Value Creation Process: Our Renewable Energy BusinessBusiness foundation for value creation
Brands Finances
General development
capabilities cultivated through the development of our solar power generation business
Networks constructed through project development
Practical application, starting with
our solar power generation business
The No. 1 renewable energy business percentage among trading companies
Owned assets associated with renewable energy business companies: Around ¥65.0 billion
Number of renewable energy projects: 19
Solar power, wind power, biomass
Value for Sojitz
• Developing projects
• Gathering expertise
• Accumulating quality assets
Value for Society
• Providing clean energy
• Creating employment together with business creation
Two Types of Value
 Sojitz Corporation Integrated Report 2019 33