Confidence with Customers    Quality
Quality assurance is about creating a process that allows us to accurately grasp the needs of customers and provide a reliable supply of products that meet those needs, and is directly linked to our corporate philosophy of“Confidence-based Management.” The Group has established a quality management system based on ISO9001:2015, and we promote quality control activities that create product quality by integrating our sales division, engineering division, production division, and quality assurance division to ensure that we satisfy product standards such as JIS and various overseas standards. Furthermore, quality assurance is not just about controlling product quality; it also about ensuring that the quality management system, which is a key part of our corporate structure, can respond to environmental changes such as globalization and changing customer needs, and also address the need to make improvements to realize a more efficient structure. The Group aims to continue to be an enterprise that enjoys sustainable growth by placing emphasis not only on product quality controls but also on maintaining and improving the quality management system, which forms the cornerstone of the Group’s quality assurance system.
Quality Assurance System
The Quality Assurance Department plays a central role in the quality management system maintained and managed by Sanyo Special Steel, which forms the cornerstone of our quality assurance system. The process for product quality control is developed through collaboration between various divisions. The Sales Division gains an understanding of customer needs, the Engineering Division then reflects these requirements in the manufacturing designs, and the Production Division creates the final product based on these designs. In addition, Sanyo Special Steel continues to work to provide products that inspire ever-more confidence, using its Quality Assurance Department (an independent department responsible for all aspects of quality assurance) to provide checks and balances in a bid to optimize and enhance quality assurance functions. The Quality Assurance Committee meets regularly and is chaired by the Director in Charge of Quality Assurance. The Committee discusses basic policy and plans concerning quality assurance for the fiscal year and implements improvement activities such as
“systematic improvements in key issues,”“prevention of
quality complaints,”“enhancement of quality assurance,”and“improvements in customer satisfaction levels.”
Quality Assurance Initiatives
Under ISO9001:2015, individual organizations need to conduct operational risk assessments to address new requirements fo“r risk and opportunity initiatives.”Based on issues at Sanyo Special Steel that have been identified through these assessments, we have been rolling-out a medium-to-long term PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) plan in a bid to upgrade our quality assurance. Specifically, we are working to improve our quality management system by continuously updating our quality manuals, implementing quality patrols, and sharing information between organizations through internal quality audits. In addition, we are promoting educational activities including lectures on quality issues in November, which is the National Quality Month, aimed at raising the quality awareness of employees.
Understanding and reflecting customer needs
Once a year, we survey our customers to have them assess us on QCDD (Quality, Cost, Delivery, Development). We analyze the results and extract any points with low scores for improvement, leading to even higher customer satisfaction. Furthermore, in order to understand the needs of customers in a timely manner, we hold meetings to exchange technical ideas with customers and we also take part in exhibitions, both in Japan and overseas. We not only present detailed information on the products and new technologies we have developed, but we also collect information on customers’ latest needs, which is then used to develop and improve our products.
Promotion of skill transfer activities
On April 1, 2015, Skill Succession Group was established. This group specializes in the succession of skills and is involved in the planned and systematic training of employees who will succeed to the relevant roles.
FY2019 was the final year of the three-year activity plan established in FY2017. We have successfully achieved the plan’s activity targets through continued efforts that included one-on-one trainings (pairing up employees imparting the skills with those learning them), the creation of training materials, and the enhancement of award programs to improve motivation.
The“Activities to Prevent Recurrence of Accidental Stoppages”* commenced in FY2019 are beginning to yield results, with an operator succeeding in preventing a facility problem.
The Skills Successionactivities were added to the commitments of our Mid-term Business Plan from FY2020 onward, giving these activities more weight to carry.
*Activities to address production suspensions and facility halts by adopting the Skills Succession approach in the whole process, up to completion, of recurrence prevention measures, from identifying causes to drawing up countermeasures.
Promotion of TPM (Total Productive Maintenance) activities
The entire production division is working on TPM activities with the aim of thoroughly eliminating losses and waste due to equipment breakdowns and problems, increasing production efficiency, and providing a reliable supply of products.
In terms of activities, we have not only set up the“TPM School”as a place to provide training on basic knowledge about equipment and machinery to develop human resources with a good understanding of the equipment, but we are also creating common-interest groups for individual work categories on topics such as quality improvement, productivity improvement, safety, and cost to allow us to carry out improvements every day. By the end of August this fiscal year, 97 people had attended the TPM School, with total attendance at 1,800 since the School started, to acquire the basic skills and knowledge useful for autonomous maintenance. In addition to this, the outcomes of improvement activities are announced at in-house TPM contests held four times a year in a bid to enhance TPM activities.
Moreover, we are conducting IoT application training at the TPM School and promoting the introduction of IoT at manufacturing sites in order to further improving productivity and stabilize operations.