Confidence of EmployeeToensuresustainablegrowthofacompany“, humanresourcedevelopment”and“thecreationofaworker-friendlyenvironmentthat takes health and safety into account”are important. To materialize these, the Group is working to prevent occupational accidents, provide mental health care and promote a good work-life balance, among other initiatives, to develop an environment where various talents can play an active part. In addition, and most importantly, as a manufacturing company, we are committed to creating a safe workplace. Furthermore, the Group needs personnel who can“think autonomously,”regulating themselves and thinking and acting independently. The requirements for this are self-direction and the spirit to take on a challenge. In order to realize this, under our basic policy of“developing employees and make full use of their potential,”we not only offer various training in accordance with job role and career, but we have also adopted a personnel system that encourages a strong desire for self-growth and the achievement of goals in our employees and allows them to always challenge high-level problems.
Creating a work-friendly environment
Active participation of women
We have set a goal to raise the ratio of female staff to 25% by the end of March 2028, utilizing them as a valuable asset. To achieve this goal, we have increased the areas where women play an active role by systematically recruiting female employees and expanding the range of their work, while introducing a system that allows women to continue working by alleviating pressure on them during life events by offering childcare leave, childcare allowances, and shorter working hours. In addition, we have been conducting inhouse training to promote awareness of female employees and create an organizational culture that makes it easier for them to play active roles.
As a result of these efforts, the percentage of female staff stood at 13.8% as of March 2020.
            Human resource development
Personnel system:
〜Establishing work tasks and training themes through dialog〜
To ensure sustainable growth of a company,“human resource development”and“the creation of a worker- friendly environment thGroup needs personnel who can“think autonomously,”regulating themselves and thinking and acting independently. The requirements for this are self-direction and the spirit to take on a challenge. In order to realize this, under our basic policy of“developing employees and make full use of their potential,”we not only offer various training in accordance with job role and career, but we have also adopted a personnel system that encourages a strong desire for self-growth and the achievement of goals in our employees and allows them to always challenge high-level problems.
Training for international personnel
In response to the globalization of the business environment, we are accelerating our training of employees capable of performing on the international stage. We are carrying out various initiatives including the dispatch of young employees to subsidiaries and affiliates, systematic foreign language training for new employees, dispatch of selected candidates to overseas universities, graduate schools, and research institutes to study or on temporary assignment, and short-term language study programs abroad for selected mid-career employees. In addition to efforts to improve language proficiency, we will enhance our training programs on themes for acquiring international sensitivity through experience and promote the development of international human resources.
   Percentage of female staff
 13.8
%
(Planning jobs26.1%, Technical jobs6.9%)
Pregnancy / Birth / Childcare System Timeline
Woman
End of 4 year old year
male
3rd grade elementary school
Man and woman■ FY2019 training pick-up
■ Management training
We held a management training session targeting those in managerial positions, who are the candidates for future senior management, with focus on thinking matters through so as to let the participants develop“strategic thinking”skills required of a senior management. We have been conducting this training with the aim of developing personnel who are capable of taking a risk to make the right decision and judgement even in a situation where the perspective is uncertain, and looking across the company and business from a viewpoint of total optimization. In the latest training session, which was themed“developing a business vision for 2033 (the 100th anniversary of our foundation)”(future prediction), participants thoroughly analyzed the present state, made suppositions on possible changes that might happen from different angles and without being bound by precedent, and discussed new business models, which they presented before the management team. Believing that development and growth of human resources are crucial to the company’s sustained growth, we will continue efforts towards this.
■ Training for newly-appointed Associate Managers
Sanyo Special Steel conducts grade-based trainings to let our employees acquire the skills and mindset required for each particular job grade. In FY2019, we held a training for newly-appointed Associate Managers, targeting the grade of employees who were in a gap period between trainings. The main purpose of this training was to make those who had been newly-appointed as Associate Manager, a core position in each workplace, realize their role as a candidate for the next generation of leaders. We aimed to boost their ability to assist their supervisor and draw support from other members, develop their leadership required to guide the organization, and raise their management capability as future candidates for managerial positions. We will continue improving and offering grade- based trainings.
  pregnancy birth
1 year old
2 year old
3 year old
End of year
6rd grade elementary school
End of year
 Breaks for pregnant employees (extended time in addition to normal breaks; up to one hour a day Maternity and postpartum leave (early pregnancy to 8 weeks after childbirth)
Leave for maternity check-ups (special leave)
Protection measures for pregnant employees
(working considerations such as reassignment and shorter working times)
Maternity leave (special leave; up to 3 days)
Child-rearing break (up to the end of the fiscal year when the child turns 3)
a day)
Child-care time (30 minutes at a time,
, up to twice a day)
elementary school) up to twice
 Shorter working hours to allow for child-care (up to the end of the fiscal year when the child enters third grade atLeave to nurse a child (limited to 5 days a year for one child, or 10 days a year for two children; reinstated annual leave or special leave)
 Exemption from/restrictions to overtime hours (up to 24 hours a month, or 150 hours per year)
 Exemption from late night shifts27
28
   
  Confidence of Employeea safe workplace
 ■2020 Comprehensive Health and Safety Management Policy
■Basic policy Create a work environment and culture in which we can carry through decisions made by the company as a whole and by each workplace.
■Slogan With a sense of ownership, with our minds and eyes aligned, we are all part of the safety activities.
■Three safety principles Stop, Step Back, Check Hands & Feet—then double-check that it is really safe ■Goal achieve a total absence of accidents Occupation accidents“0”Accidents on the way to work“0”
  Rate of paid leave taken
77.9
%
 Percentage of employees with disabilities
2.26
%
  Achieving a work-life balance
To achieve a work-life balance means to perform one’s duty at work with a sense of fulfillment and satisfaction while at the same time have a free and diverse choice of lifestyle options in terms of family and community life. The“Work-Style Reform Related Bill,”a package of legislation to give a push towards better work-life balance, has been implemented one by one since April 2019.“Work-style reforms”such as the prohibition of long working hours, properly managed working hours, and the obligation for employees to take certain number of annual leave days have become increasingly important in terms of achieving a work-life balance. Sanyo Special Steel promotes Wednesdays as“no-overtime days”and promotes increased productivity in a bid to reduce overtime hours, as well as to improve the rate of paid leave taken. In terms of the amount of paid leave taken in particular, the figure at Sanyo Special Steel has already exceeded 70% (77.9% in FY2019), in contrast to the national average (51.1%); and we are working to keep this figure above the target of“achieving 70% by 2020” set by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare. Furthermore, as well as encouraging employees to take blocks of paid leave or incremental leave and establishing a system that exceeds statutory requirements for maternity leave, childcare leave, and nursing care leave, etc., we are also striving to achieve a work-life balance for each and every employee by creating a work environment and culture that makes it easier to take these leaves.
Promoting health-conscious management
At Sanyo Special Steel, we view employee health management from a business point of view and invest in health initiatives based on the Industrial Safety and Health Act in order to help revitalize the organization by improving employees’energy and productivity. Mental and physical disorders among employees not only cause a fall in productivity but may also lead to an outflow of human resources as employees take leaves of absence or leave the company. Employees are provided with statutory health examinations, metabolic tests, health advice, and similar resources, as well as on-going mandatory stress check-ups since FY2016. The results of tests on staff members are used to conduct an aggregated analysis, and employees with high levels of stress are advised to see an occupational physician. In addition, we have a mental health help-desk, provide treatment to help employees stop smoking, and also provide dietary counseling among other initiatives. Moving forward, we aim to be a company that inspires ever-more confidence as we continue to place the highest priority on the health and safety of our employees (a major assumption of our corporate philosophy of“Confidence-based Management”) and promote the creation of workplaces that improve the mental and physical health of our employees and allow them to work in an energetic manner.
Creating
As a manufacturing enterprise, our Group believes that“safety”should be afforded top priority above all. Evidence of this is the way that employees greet each other with“Keep Safe!”to impart a sense of safety in one another. In order to put our corporate philosophy of“Corporate-based Management”into practice, our goal is to achieve“no accidents at all over the year”under the Group’s safety activities. We believe that we need to achieve a total absence of accidents throughout the year across the entire Group in order to build relationships of trust with various stakeholders and to achieve sustainable growth for the Group. All employees need to work together on safety activities, and if even one person is left out, then the goal cannot be achieved. There are no short-cuts in safety activities. Our objective is to achieve a whole year that is totally free of accidents by building up safety activities in the Group day-by-day to create a workplace where all employees are safe and can work with peace of mind.           Occupational health and safety activities - to ensure safety -
     Extend employment program
Sanyo Special Steel has established an extended employment program for employees who have reached the age of 65. Making active use of certain older staff members who are healthy, wanting to work, and capable of performing their jobs is consistent with the concept of diversity. Employees who are deemed necessary in the performance of work and from the viewpoint of technology and skills transfer as of the time they turn 65 stay on in extended employment as“senior citizen partners.”As of April 1, 2020, there were 46“senior citizen partners”active across various work sites.
Employment of Disabled Persons
We promote the employment of people with disabilities in a bid to achieve a society where everyone can enjoy an active working life.
We not only promote recruitment initiatives in conjunction with Hello Work (the Japanese government’s Employment Service Center) and special support schools, etc., but we are also constantly making efforts to improve the work environment in both hard and soft aspects. In addition, any employee certified as disabled after joining the company is offered support to keep working, with consideration given to his/her work content and working hours. As of June 1, 2020, we had 24 employees with disability playing an active role in a range of work sites.
Safety and health management
Sanyo Special Steel has in place a Safety and Health Committee chaired by the general safety and health manager (Executive Officer in charge of Safety & Disaster Prevention Office) that works to secure safety and security of employees in the workplace. The Committee meets every month to discuss matters such as basic measures to avoid danger to the safety and health of employees, the cause of industrial accidents and measures to prevent their recurrence. Since majority of the members are the labor union representatives in accordance with law, the committee reflects the opinion of workers in the safety and health policies. The state of safety-related activities for each month is checked by the Corporate Policy Committee, while the summary of safety and health activities for the whole year is reported to the Board. We are constantly making progress through effective use of PDCA cycle (planning, implementing, monitoring/supervising, and taking steps for improvement).
Simulated experience training center for safety
We have established a simulated experience training center for safety that allows us to simulate dangers in a bid to eradicate occupational accidents. In 2018, 2,655 employees were trained at the center, and to date the total is 23,736. In 2018, we installed VR (virtual reality) equipment to give a more realistic experience. Moving forward, we will add new training content to allow us to consider the importance of hazard avoidance with our members of staff.
Grade-based training
Safety knowledge, risk behavior, and sensitivity to hazards, etc., vary for each age group and grade. Therefore, we need to conduct specialist training for each respective grade. For the training targeting rehired employees (between ages 60 and 64) and senior citizen partners (ages 65 and above) in 2020, we included employees of the members of our suppliers’ organization.
The new 3S activities
The 3S activities in Sanyo Special Steel had been addressing issues that had caused accidents or problems that had been found during patrols.
In addition, under the existing system for 6S certification, activities had been seen to increase temporarily in the period leading up to certification but had not truly taken root as ongoing efforts. These issues prompted us to put in place a structure for the new 3S activities in which everyone from section managers to workers on site take part in making improvements in the workplace, starting from around themselves, to find and eliminate waste in things, space, and time, towards the goal of creating an efficient, worker-friendly, and safe workplace that is free of any obstacles to hamper workers’flow of movement, as well as an environment that enables its maintenance. So far, one section has obtained a certificate while other sections are working towards it.