Corporate Governance
The Kyorin Group will work to improve sustainable corporate value in order to gain the confidence and live up to the expectations of all stakeholders. As part of these efforts, the Group considers strengthening and enhancing corporate governance an important management issue.
To oversee business execution, we established a Management Committee, comprising the president and directors, which discusses and decides key operational matters concerning the Group.
In addition to the representative directors and the executive directors, who are engaged in ordinary business execution, we actively delegate authority to the corporate officers responsible for specific areas appointed as necessary, thus establishing a framework that allows prompt decision making and clarification of responsibility of business execution under the guidance and supervision of the Board of Directors. As of June 19, 2020, the Company had three corporate officers.
Corporate Governance System
Regarding remuneration and nomination of directors and corporate auditors, Kyorin has established the voluntary Com- mittee on Remuneration and Nominations, mainly comprising independent outside directors, to seek appropriate advice in order to enhance the transparency of decision making.
  Business execution system
Committee on Remuneration and Nominations
 Basic policy on corporate governance
The most important management goal for KYORIN Holdings, Inc. is to continue raising shareholder value. To achieve this goal requires fostering a management environment that enables us to build trust with the general public. Therefore, having given better corporate governance a high priority, we seek to ensure prompt decision making, strong monitoring of the appropriate- ness of management, and to secure ethical and transparent corporate activities. To ensure transparency and fair disclosure, we release appropriate information without delay for the benefit of shareholders and investors. In the future, we intend to actively increase our disclosure of information, and expand and improve our communications with all stakeholders.
KYORIN Holdings, Inc. has appointed three outside directors to further strengthen the supervision of the business execution of directors, and to further enhance the transparency and fairness of management.
Kyorin is a company with a board of corporate auditors based on the Companies Act of Japan. The Board of Corporate Auditors, including the three outside corporate auditors, endeavors to fully demonstrate its auditing and supervising functions and to ensure the transparency of the decisions being made by the Board of Directors. At the same time, corporate auditors carry out a diverse range of activities in fulfilling their auditing function. In addition to participating in important meetings, including those of the Board of Directors and the Management Committee, corporate auditors implement comprehensive audits by checking documents and other materials relating to important decisions and by inspecting Group companies.
Corporate governance system
The Company’s Board of Directors comprises eleven directors, including three outside directors. The Board of Directors usually meets once a month, resolving legal matters, formulating and deciding important management policies and strategies, and overseeing business execution, etc.
In addition, in recognition of our corporate social responsibility (CSR), for every Kyorin Group company we appoint compliance and risk management promotion officers. We have established a Groupwide compliance and risk management system that is administered by the Compliance Committee and Risk Manage- ment Committee. We have established guidelines for each affiliated company based on the Kyorin Compliance Guidelines and set up a system for employees to report and seek advice about possible irregularities. As well as the above measures, we have created management guidelines for affiliated companies and built a system of governance while securing their autonomy. Under this system, we receive regular business reports from these companies and hold meetings with their management before deciding important issues. The Internal Audit Office conducts audits of affiliated companies based on internal audit guidelines. Following the results of these audits, departments that oversee the operations of the affiliated companies issue instructions or warnings and provide appropriate guidance.
 Chairperson: Yutaka Ogihara, Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
Executive Directors: Minoru Hogawa, Shigeru Ogihara, Kenji Akutsu, Tomiya Sasahara, Michiro Onota, Koichiro Hagihara,
Masahide Sugibayashi
 Chairperson: Kenji Akutsu, Senior Executive Director
Executive Director: Yutaka Ogihara
Outside Directors: Noriyuki Shikanai, Ken Shigematsu, Hiromi Watanabe
   Key Items DescriptionOrganizational designNumber of directors (including outside directors)Number of corporate auditors (including outside corporate auditors)Number of the Board of Directors’ meetings
(held during fiscal 2019)
(Average attendance rate of outside directors) (Average attendance rate of outside corporate auditors)Number of the Board of Corporate Auditors’ meetings (held during fiscal 2019) (Average attendance rate of outside corporate auditors)Term of office of directorsAdoption of the corporate officer systemVoluntary Committee of the Board of DirectorsAccounting auditing firmCompany with a board of corporate auditors11 (3)5 (3)12 times (100%) (88.8%)13 times (92.3%)1 yearYesCommittee on Remuneration and NominationsErnst & Young ShinNihon LLC
   Board of Directors
Board of Corporate Auditors
  Chairperson: Yutaka Ogihara, Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
Executive Directors: Minoru Hogawa, Shigeru Ogihara, Kenji Akutsu, Tomiya Sasahara, Michiro Onota, Koichiro Hagihara,
Masahide Sugibayashi
Outside Directors: Noriyuki Shikanai, Ken Shigematsu, Hiromi Watanabe
 32 2020 ANNUAL REPORT
2020 ANNUAL REPORT 33
Following the Companies Act of Japan, Kyorin is a company with a board of corporate auditors, which comprises two statutory corporate auditors and three outside corporate auditors. The Board of Corporate Auditors has established a system to ensure that the exercise of authority for audits, etc., is carried out from an independent and objective standpoint through the timely and appropriate functioning of outside corporate auditors.
Outside directors and outside corporate auditors
Kyorin has three outside directors and three outside corporate auditors.
We seek advice from an independent and objective standpoint from outside directors at Board of Directors’ meetings, etc., and have established a highly effective management supervision system that maintains a certain degree of independence from business execution.
Outside director Noriyuki Shikanai, as an attorney well versed in corporate law, has also served on the board of Keio University and in other important positions, and with his high degree of specialization and rich experience, was deemed well qualified for appointment to outside director.
Outside director Ken Shigematsu has experience as an officer of Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd. and other companies. With his wide-ranging insight developed from his rich management
experience, he was deemed well qualified overall for appointment to outside director.
Outside director Hiromi Watanabe has wide-ranging insight in a medical setting developed from her rich clinical practice and research experience as a physician, and through nursing education. Accordingly, she was deemed well qualified for appointment to outside director.
Kyorin has three outside corporate auditors who are neutrally positioned and not compromised by relationships with manage- ment or specified parties having a special interest. These outside corporate auditors all have a considerable level of knowledge of corporate legal matters, and matters of finance and accounting, etc., and perform a monitoring function with wide-ranging insight and from a broader perspective.
Outside corporate auditor Masaji Obata is well versed in
Chairperson: Tomiharu Matsumoto, Senior Corporate Auditor
Senior Corporate Auditor: Shugo Tamaki
Outside Corporate Auditors: Masaji Obata, Takao Yamaguchi, Naohiro Kamei
  
 corporate law as a lawyer and has considerable knowledge concerning finance and accounting.
Outside corporate auditor Takao Yamaguchi has a considerable level of knowledge in matters of finance and accounting as a certified public accountant and a certified tax accountant.
Outside corporate auditor Naohiro Kamei has considerable knowledge of finance and accounting from his work experience in the financial industry.
Kyorin selects outside directors and outside corporate auditors after reviewing the individuals’ backgrounds and relationships with Kyorin, and, from a standpoint independent from that of
management, on the assumption that sufficient independence can be ensured that said individuals are able to adequately carry out their duties as outside directors and outside corporate auditors. Outside directors Noriyuki Shikanai, Ken Shigematsu, and Hiromi Watanabe and outside corporate auditors Masaji Obata, Takao Yamaguchi, and Naohiro Kamei fulfill the require- ments as independent directors/corporate auditors stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange and have been reported as independent directors/corporate auditors to the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Internal audits and audits conducted by corporate auditors
Corporate Governance and Management Structure (As of June 19, 2020) General Shareholders’ Meeting
Internal audits are conducted by the Internal Audit Office, which is staffed by six employees who report directly to the president, and is independent from other sections. Following yearly auditing plans, the Internal Audit Office regularly assesses and evaluates the effectiveness and efficiency of the legal compliance and internal control systems in the parent and Group companies. After an audit, the office communicates any problems or areas that need improvement directly to the president and makes appropriate recommendations.
Another function of the office is to evaluate the Group’s internal controls over financial reporting. The office evaluates the devel- opment and operation of these internal controls according to a predetermined scope for evaluation, and makes a report to the president.
Corporate auditors conduct audits in line with an auditing policy and plan set by the Board of Corporate Auditors at
the beginning of each fiscal year. In addition to participating in important meetings, including those of the Board of Directors and the Management Committee, corporate auditors implement comprehensive audits by checking documents and other
materials relating to important decisions and by inspecting Group companies.
In order to ensure that audits are conducted effectively by corporate auditors, corporate auditors receive explanations on the content of accounting audits from the accounting auditing firm of the Company and exchange information with the firm. Corporate auditors also cooperate with the Internal Audit Office to have appropriate communication and to effectively perform the audits.
Under our adopted system, if executives or regular employees discover that an executive officer or employee is acting in contravention of either laws and regulations, or the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, they immediately notify the corporate auditors. We are working to establish an environment conducive to more efficient audits by corporate auditors by coordinating closely with executives and regular employees and by fostering deeper understanding of audits. We assign one auditing staff member to assist the duties of the corporate auditors, and such assignment is carefully checked by directors and corporate auditors to ensure independence.
 Appointment/dismissal
Appointment/dismissal
Appointment/dismissal
(Board of Directors) Director
    Reports
(Board of Corporate Auditors) Corporate Auditor
Audits
Committee on Remuneration and Nominations (voluntary)
  Accounting Auditing Firm (Independent Auditor)
Audits
Accounting Audits
Cooperation
 A Message from an Outside Director
 I am very honored to have the opportunity to be involved as an outside director in the management of KYORIN Holdings, Inc., as it strives to develop and expand the healthcare business in a diversified manner. I hope to use my experience as a doctor with a clinical, research, and teaching background.
Hiromi Watanabe
Outside Director
Last year the Group formulated a new medium-term business plan, HOPE100–Stage 3–. During the formulation of the plan, I was able to give advice from the perspective of both an occasional patient and a practicing doctor, using my experience in clinical and research fields and the varied insights I have accumulated from working in medical educational posts. In order to achieve the goals of the plan, it is essential that all of us apply our abilities to the fullest. From the standpoint of promoting the increased participation of women in the workplace, one goal for greater diversity, I will be utilizing my own experience to actively contribute even more proposals.
In light of the COVID-19 global pandemic occurring in the midst of advances the Group is making in infectious disease-related areas (prevention, diagnosis, and treatment), my hope is that the Kyorin Group will fulfill its “corporate social responsibility (CSR)” as a company focused on ethical drugs and also make a major contribution to society through sustainable development.
I ask for the continued support of all our stakeholders going forward.  Compliance CommitteeRisk Management Committee
 Corporate Officers Administrative and Business Departments
 Compensation of directors and corporate auditors
There are two forms of compensation for directors and corporate auditors: basic compensation and stock options. These are provided as incentives and compensation for the roles that directors and corporate auditors should play. Under the Kyorin Group corporate philosophy, the roles of the directors and corporate auditors include executing management based on management policy and taking into consideration the value creation of various stakeholders, and enhancing corporate value through the sustainable and stable growth of the Group.
However, as outside directors and outside corporate auditors perform their roles of supervising and overseeing management from an independent position, payment is not linked to perfor- mance each year.
The voluntary Committee on Remuneration and Nominations deliberates in advance on the remuneration system for directors and basic policies, using industry standards and the Company’s performance as reference, and the Board of Directors makes a decision based on such deliberations.
    34 2020 ANNUAL REPORT
2020 ANNUAL REPORT 35
Director or corporate auditor
Cooperation
Internal Audit Office
Internal Audits
Selection/dismissal
Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
Management Committee
Monitoring
 Total compensation paid to each director or corporate auditor, total paid by type of compensation, and number of applicable directors and corporate auditors
Total compensation paid (Millions of yen)
Total paid by type of compensation (Millions of yen)
Basic compensation
Stock Options
238
33 — 49 —
11
Number of applicable directors and corporate auditors (People)
   Directors
(Excluding outside directors)
250
9
   Corporate auditors
(Excluding outside corporate auditors)
33
2
   Outside directors or corporate auditors
49
7
  