In Harmony with the Environment
One principle of the Kyorin Group’s Charter of Corporate Conduct details its understanding that “the tackling of environmental issues is a mission for all humankind and an imperative component of the very existence of corporations to which it remains voluntarily committed,” and that as a company dedicated to life, it will always use its EHS activity to conduct business operations with due regard for their impact on the global environment and local communities.
In all business operations, the Group promotes the effective use of our limited resources through energy and resource saving, waste reduction, and less use of substances that place a burden on the environment. It has established objectives and targets for these initiatives, reviews them as needed, and remains voluntarily and proactively committed to environmental protection and pollution prevention.
Environmental conservation initiatives
We are actively committed to environmental conservation, focusing on the following major themes: preventing global warming, protecting resources, and living in harmony with the natural environment. We are working to reduce the environmental burden and promote effective use of limited resources by conserving energy and resources, reducing waste, and strengthening our management of chemical substances. KYORIN Pharmaceutical Group Facilities Co., Ltd. has obtained ISO 14001 certification, an international standard for environmental management systems, at all its plants.
 Basic stance
    Solo learning
Joint learning (tiered programs)
In our efforts to combat global warming by reducing CO2 emissions, we set a target of cutting emissions by at least 4% from the level of fiscal 2015 (30,444 tons) by fiscal 2019 (29,163 tons or below). In fiscal 2019, as our CO2 emissions were 27,477 tons, we achieved our objective. We are now working toward a new target of reducing CO2 emissions from the level of fiscal 2019 by a further average 1.5% annually by fiscal 2023.

Introducing hybrid cars to reduce CO2 emissions
   In harmony with the environment
The Kyorin Group is proactively introducing low-emission cars, hybrid cars, and other environmentally friendly vehicles for its sales force as a way of preventing global warming. As of March 2020, all 963 vehicles used by the sales force met the standard for having low emission (a 75% reduction in emissions from the 2005 standard), and of these, 615 (approximately 64%) are hybrid vehicles, which were introduced in 2004. In addition, these vehicles adhere to the Ministry of the Environment’s “Eco-Driving” guidelines regarding their impact on the environment and traffic safety.
Environmentally friendly R&D Center
In May 2017, the ReHP* technology installed at KYORIN Pharmaceutical’s WATARASE Research Center was awarded an honorable mention in the Kanto chapter of the Japanese Association of Building Mechanical and Electrical Engineers’ carbon neutral prize category for construction equipment that contributes to achieving a low-carbon society. In addition, the energy conservation activities related to this system were awarded the Grand Prize in the Kanto Region Energy Saving Committee’s 2019 Chairman’s Awards. During fiscal 2019, this system reduced electric power consumption by 66,500 kWh and CO2 emissions by roughly 31 tons compared with conventional heat pumps for air conditioning and heating, for approximately 32% in energy savings.
 Reducing the environmental burden through solar power generation
In a move to lessen its environmental burden, KYORIN Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. operates facilities for generating solar power, one form of renewable energy, on its premises. The company currently has two sites in operation in the town of Nogi in Tochigi Prefecture, one installed in fiscal 2013 and the other in fiscal 2017.
Biodiversity
KYORIN Pharmaceutical Group Facilities Co., Ltd.’s Noshiro Plant participates in a citizens’ volunteer activity to protect the Kaze-no-Matsubara pine forest near the plant, to provide local residents with a place to relax. In fiscal 2019, 24 plant employees removed dead brush as part of an activity to preserve local biodiversity.
In addition, KYORIN Pharmaceutical’s WATARASE Research Center has installed birdhouses in trees adjacent to the Watarase Yusuichi wetlands and confirmed the location of nests as a way to enhance the environment for wild animals in the Center’s grounds.
* A Renewable Energy Heat Pump (ReHP) is a highly efficient heat pump that uses renewable energy, and the ReHP installed at two adjacent buildings (CS and LAB1) at the WATARASE Research Center uses geothermal heat and unused waste heat from a water chiller as a heat source, and circulates heated water in a single loop, which is used by air-conditioning and water-heating equipment, to increase energy efficiency.
    42 2020 ANNUAL REPORT
2020 ANNUAL REPORT 43