Living in Harmony with Society
The Kyorin Group’s Charter of Corporate Conduct calls for it to “actively co-exist with society as a good corporate citizen and to contribute to society’s development.” The Kyorin Group is engaged in a variety of social contributions to achieve its goal of living in harmony with society.
As a manufacturer of new drugs, we aim to contribute to society by developing and supplying useful pharmaceuticals (products and services including clearly superior drugs), while at the same time using our business activities to aid in the resolution and improvement of medical and welfare issues, issues faced by senior citizens, and environmental issues.
We also engage in educational activities to support the health of young people. A healthy next generation will be able to power the creation and sustainable development of the highly livable and vibrant local communities that form the basis of our business activities. We pursue social contribution activities that are in keeping with our mission of being a company that supports sound and healthy lifestyles in a wide variety of ways.
Health education activities
Classroom visits
Since fiscal 2017, the Kyorin Group has planned and organized visits to schools by employees to teach and demonstrate the correct ways of using medicine and washing hands to elementary and junior high school students, to nurture the next generation. During fiscal 2019, head office and Group company employees visited 18 elementary and junior high schools in the communities of our workplaces around Japan. This is one of our social contribution activities that embody our corporate philosophy of “Contributing to better health.”
Work experience programs
Each Group facility offers internships, provides workplace tours and hands-on workshops for junior and senior high school students, and sends staff to teach in classrooms. In fiscal 2019, these programs were held at the head offices of KYORIN Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., the WATARASE Research Center, and the three plants of KYORIN Pharmaceutical Group Facilities Co., Ltd.
Health information website for children URL: http://www.karada-kyorin.com (Japanese only)
The Kyorin Group has supported the “Kyorin Group Presents the Great Adventure for the Body’s Secrets” program since 2016, with the idea of supporting healthy lives for the children of the next generation. During fiscal 2018, we launched a portal site related to this program, “Teach Me about the Body’s Secrets!” which shows videos of impure things in the body to deepen the understanding of diseases and how the body works to children from nursery school through early elementary school.
We will continue to work to enable children to have an interest in and enjoy learning about their own bodies.
Contributing to local communities
Health Challenge Program
The Kyorin Group launched the Health Challenge Program in 2017 as a new activity to promote employees’ health and contribute to local communities by donating items that are useful for maintaining health. All Group employees form teams at their workplace and count how many steps they take, competing in terms of points based on the number of steps taken, and health equipment is donated to a social welfare center near the workplaces of the two top teams. In fiscal 2019, 261 teams and 19 workplaces participated, enabling the donation of health equipment such as automated blood pressure meters, cordless bicycles, and elliptical trainers to facilities in Chiyoda Ward in Tokyo and the town of Nogi in Tochigi Prefecture, where the two top teams are located.
Sponsoring sporting events
The Kyorin Group supported the Shimotsuke Soccer Workshop in Nogi for the 20th time in fiscal 2019 with the aim of providing local children an easily accessible opportunity to think about and experience their own health management and improve their skills. Coached by former J.League professional soccer player and current sports journalist Tetsuo Nakanishi, many children enjoy playing soccer energetically each year. Donations are also solicited at the workshop and used to hold events to support the local community.
Local cleanup activities
As a responsible member of the local community, the Group actively participates in cleanups of local districts, including the areas around its business facilities.
• Group companies (head offices, branches, plants, research centers): cleanup activities around business facilities
• KYORIN Pharmaceutical Group Facilities Co., Ltd. Noshiro Plant: participated in COK20 (cleanup of area formerly named
Kaneyu), Noshiro cleanup, and beach cleanup
• KYORIN Pharmaceutical Group Facilities Co., Ltd. Shiga Plant: participated in Lake Biwa cleanup
Donations to areas affected by natural disasters
As useful support for those affected by disasters, the Group provided relief goods as detailed below:
• Support for those affected by Typhoon Hagibis in 2019: environmental hygiene supplies (Milton, Rubysta, etc.), daily necessities
(drinking water, towels), etc.
• Support for those affected by heavy rains in western Japan in 2018: environmental hygiene supplies (Milton, Rubysta, etc.),
daily necessities (drinking water, towels), etc.
Support for Great East Japan Earthquake recovery
Since fiscal 2011, KYORIN Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. has supported the Sunflower Project, which brings smiles and cheer to regions affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake. In fiscal 2019, the program’s ninth year, 95 employees of the WATARASE Research Center cultivated 300 pots of sunflower seedlings and donated them to the city of Natori in Miyagi Prefecture.
First-aid and lifesaving courses for employees
As part of KYORIN Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.’s CSR activities, the Company’s approximately 750 medical representatives receive first-aid training covering the necessity of first aid, CPR, the use of AEDs, and ways to stop bleeding. The same lessons were offered at each Group company's head office and at the WATARASE Research Center.
Activities with patients and medical professionals (KYORIN Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.)
 Basic stance
          44 2020 ANNUAL REPORT
2020 ANNUAL REPORT 45
Providing information via “Doctor Salon”
We sponsor “Doctor Salon,” a radio program for physicians on Radio NIKKEI (shortwave) that answers questions related to day-to-day clinical practice from general practitioners across Japan. In addition, the program’s content is distributed as a brochure, with back issues available via a website, and the audio of “Doctor Salon” is distributed as a podcast. “Doctor Salon” is extremely popular with physicians, especially primary-care doctors.
 Publishing websites for medical professionals and patients
We strive to meet medical professionals’ needs for information by posting product-related information, the latest academic information, and useful information for day-to-day clinical practice on websites for medical professionals including Kyorin Medical Bridge. We also launched a website for patients in July 2019. This site endeavors to raise patients’ adherence by providing information on the correct ways to take medications and information on illnesses.
Providing ailments information
Kyorin Medical Bridge, a website for medical professionals
Website for patients
We create ailment information tools to be used when a medical professional obtains a patient’s informed consent, with the aim of helping patients correctly understand their ailments and improve their quality of life.
Support for the Department of Drug Discovery Medicine
To cultivate innovative human resources for Japan’s drug discovery in the post-genome era through cooperation with industry and academia, we helped establish and provide assistance to the Department of Drug Discovery Medicine at Kyoto University Graduate School of Medicine.
  