  2021 Integrated Report April 1, 2020 ▶ March 31, 2021
                     
                                                                 Creating a prosperous future together with Kyushu
Group Management Philosophy
The Group will respond to the trust and expectations of customers and will provide the optimal and best comprehensive financial services to its customers.
The Group will develop alongside the region and actively contribute to the realization of a vigorous local community.
The Group will nurture an abundance of creativity and a free-spirited organizational culture, continuing to challenge itself to move toward
a better future.
   1
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Contents
  Shareholding by Shareholder Category
Group Management Philosophy
Contents and Editorial Policy
Group History
1 2
3 As of March 31, 2021 5
Shares less than one unit
13,985 15,309 —
1,101,513 4,630,388 337,178
Classification
Financial/Non-financial Highlights
Individuals Total and others
About the Kyushu Financial Group
        National and local governments
Financial Foreign corporations, etc.
7
Financial institutions
68
instruments Other Non- business corporations
Individuals
Shares (100 shares per unit)
Group Overview
    Our Operating Base
9 11
operators individuals
     Number of
shareholders 11 (People)
Number of share held (unit)
Ratio of shares he (%)
Strengths of the Kyushu Financial Group
34 992 214 5
Top Management Commitment
13
 s What the4K,9y77ushu1F,8i1n2a,5n99cial Group Aims to Achieve
0.11 39.14
  ld
64,730 shares of treasury stock, 234,647 units corporations” column includes 13 units of sha
ank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
80,405 1,145,797 484,794 303
19
100.00 —
21
25 33
43
45 As of March 31, 2021
Equity stake (%)
The Kyushu Financial Group’s Value Creation Process
1.74 24.74 10.47 0.01 23.79
The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan
– Reformation –
Notes 1. Of the 23,4 are included in “Individuals and others” and 30 shares in “Shares less than one unit.”
2. The “Other
Principal Shareholders
res under the name of Japan Securities Depository Center, Incorporated.
Initiatives for SDGs Growth Strategy
      The Master Trust B Iwasaki Ikuei Bun Meiji Yasuda Life Custody Bank of The Bank of Fuku
Takara Kogyo Co.
2-11-3, Hamamatsucho, Minato-ku, Tokyo
27,680 6.29
Name
Address
Number of shares (thousands)
Measures to Address COVID-19 and
Response to the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020
Digital Transformation Initiatives Aimed at Digital Society
Corporate Governance
47
 Business Foundation for
   ka Zaidan, General Foundation InVsuaralnuce Cor.eation
Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) oka, Ltd.
9-5, Yamashitacho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture
20,936 4.75
14,646 55 3.32
Outside Director Message
53
   , Ltd.
2-1-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
18,568 4.22
1-8-1M2,aHnaraugmei,mCheunot-ku,Tokyo
  2-13-1, Tenjin, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka-shi, Fukuoka Prefecture
12,620 2.86
Ensuring Compliance
57
9,088 59 2.06
  10-1, Kamitoricho, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto
Risk Appetite Framework
Prefecture
   6-6, KRinisekicMhoa,nKagoesmhimena-tshEi,ffKoargtosshima Prefecture
9-5, Yamashitacho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture
8,059 61 1.83 7,616 1.73
Kagoshima Bank Employees' Shareholding Association Iwasaki Sangyo Co., Ltd.
Nippon Life Insurance Company
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Please visit
Editorial Policy
The Kyushu Financial Group has prepared this Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 in order to facilitate all stakehold- ers’ understanding of its efforts towards sustainable value creation.
In the editorial process, we referred to the International Integrated Reporting Framework advocated by the International Integrat- ed Reporting Council (IIRC) and the Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collabo- rative Value Creation published by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
For detailed financial data, please refer to 2021 Annual Report available on our website (https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/english/).
   Nurturing People and Enhancing Engagement
63
1-6-6, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
7,361 1.67 7,209 67 1.63
69
Stakeholder Communication
1-13-1, Yurakucho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
   Efforts to Improve Customer Satisfaction Communication with Shareholders
   our website for our profile, news
ases, financial information, IR information, and other various information.
Review of FY2020 and Analysis of Our Performance 71 Key Financial Data 72
Profile Please visit our website 77 for details.
   Financial Data and Company Information
rele
     Initiatives for CSR and SDGs IR information
The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are not guarantees of future performance and may differ from actual
https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/
Kyushu Financial Group
Search
 https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/csr/ https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/ir/
results due to changes in the business environment and other factors.
KyuKshyusFhinuaFnincaianl cGiarol Gupro-uIpnt-eIgnrtaetgerdatReedpRoertp2o0rt221021 2 80

 About the Kyushu Financial Group
Group History
Aiming to Become a “Community Value Co-Creation Group” that Creates a Better Future with its Customers, Communities and Employees
2020
■ January
Glocal Crowdfunding Inc. established
■ ■ January
We signed the Agreement on Cooperation Regarding Regional Environment Cohabitation Zone in Central and Southern Kyushu
■ February
Received a silver prize in the lending service category of “The 1st ESG Finance Awards Japan” of the Ministry of the Environment
■ March
Formulated the “Green Procurement Guidelines”
■ April
Made Kyushu Accounting Service Co., Ltd. into a subsidiary
■ April
Higin Office Business Co., Ltd. launched personnel placement service
Co-creation Stage
Until March 2031
Evolve into a “Community Value Co-Creation Group” (10 years)
Reform Stage
Until March 2024
(The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan)
2021
■ January
Received Minister’s Commendation for Regional Development Support Taxation (Corporate Version of Furusato Taxation)
■■ February
Launched “Higin Passbook App” and “Kagin Passbook App”
■ April
Started the Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan – Reformation –
■ June
Made transition to a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee
         1979
■ October 100th
anniversary
2004
■ December Opened a
representative office in Shanghai
2007
■ July Opened a
representative office in Shanghai
2015
■May
New Head Office Building completed
January 2020
Spread of COVID-19 10% consumption tax rate
July 2020
The Heavy Rain Event of July 2020
2015
■ October
Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. established Kyushu Financial Group
 2017
■ February
1979 Installed emergency wells in 10 branches in Kumamoto Prefecture
Collaboration Stage
(The Group’s 1st Medium-Term Management Plan)
■ April Introduced new brand
■ June
Kyushu FG Securities established
■ July
Launched ATM money transfer linkage service between Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank
■ October
Launched HarmoniCar, a bank on wheels
■ November
Launched business matching system Bridge (Higo Bank/Kagoshima Bank)
2019
■ February
Sustainability Declaration formulated
■ April
Launched trust products (Higo Bank/Kagoshima Bank)
■ April
Opened a representative office in Taipei
Integration Stage
(Group’s 2nd Medium-Term Management Plan)
 October 2019
    June 2018
Workstyle reform-related laws enacted
2018
May 2019
New Reiwa era
■May
Launched smartphone settlement app Pay-don
■ June
Announced support for TCFD (Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures) Recommendations
■ July
Guideline for Investments and Loans formulated
■ July
Fukuoka Branch (Fukuoka corporate sales office) established
■ July
Fukuoka Building opened
■October
Made JR Kyushu FG Lease, Inc. into a subsidiary
■November
Winner of Japan Quality Award (leading company category)
■December
Mobile ATM vehicle introduced
■May
New Head Office Building opened Grand opening of YOCADO KAGOSHIMA
■ July
Launched Adult Guardianship Deposit Account (Higo Bank/Kagoshima Bank)
■■ August
Higo Bank, Kagoshima Bank and Higin Office Business launched “secondary-job human resources matching service”
■ September
Became second Japanese regional bank to sign the Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB)
■ September
Selected as a support organization for the Ministry of the Environment’s “Climate-related Risks and Opportunities Scenario Analysis Pilot Program Support Project in Line with TCFD Recommendations”
■ September
Made donation of Corporate Version of Furusato Taxation totaling ¥200 million to Kumamoto and Kagoshima prefectures as part of local economy reconstruction and local revitalization support (Higo Bank/Kagoshima Bank)
■ October
Launched IPO (initial public offering) support services
■ December
Formulated the Group’s Environmental Policy
  April 2016
Kumamoto Earthquake
February 2016
Negative interest rate policy introduced
2016
■May
Established the Reconstruction Support Policy and the Earthquake Recovery Committee
■ June
Opened earthquake reconstruction support information website Kasesurumon
■ September
Haru Ichiban Co., Ltd. (agricultural company) co-established
■ December
Kumamoto DMC Co., Ltd. established under joint investment with the Kumamoto prefectural government
■ January
Kyushu FG Securities launched
■ March
Launched smartphone settlement app PayB (Higo Bank/Kagoshima Bank)
■ April
Started operation of the Higin Business Education, Ltd.
■ June
“National Park Official Partner” agreement with the Ministry of the Environment
■ October
Sustainability Management Office newly established
■ October
In-house broadcasting station opened
    Legend
■ Kyushu Financial Group ■ Higo Bank
■ Kagoshima Bank
■ Kyushu FG Securities
    3
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 4
1925
■ Higo Kyodo Bank established (merger of Kumamoto Bank, Akita Bank and Ueki Bank)
1879
■ The 147 National Bank established
       
 About the Kyushu Financial Group
Group Overview
The Kyushu Financial Group consists of Kyushu Financial Group, which is a bank holding company, and 18 consolidated subsidiaries that include Higo Bank, Kagoshima Bank, and Kyushu FG Securities. The mainstay of our business is banking, and we also offer other financial services such as credit card services, trust busi- ness, credit guaranteeing, and financial instruments transactions.
Main Structure of the Group and Areas of Business
The Kyushu Financial Group in Numbers
Balance of deposits
¥9,656.6 billion Number of employees 4,578 Ranking of regional banks’
(As of March 31, 2021)
Balance of loans
¥7,580.3 billion Number of branches 281 Capital adequacy ratio (%)
Banking business
Established: July 25, 1925
Capital:
¥18.1 billion
Address of Main Branch:
1, Renpeicho, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto Prefecture
Number of branches: 124
118 main branch and branches, 5 subbranches,
1 overseas representative office
Employees 2,173
The Higin Lease Co.,Ltd.
Leasing and lending services
JR Kyushu FG Lease, Inc.
Leasing and lending services
Higin Card Co., Ltd.
Banking business
Established: October 6, 1879
Capital:
¥18.1 billion
Address of Main Branch:
6-6, Kinseicho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture
Number of branches: 153
115 main branch and branches, 18 subbranches, 18 agencies,
2 overseas representative offices
Employees 2,130
Capital: ¥50 million Capital: ¥400 million Capital: ¥100 million
Kyushu FG Securities
Financial instruments transaction business
Established: June 1, 2017
Capital:
¥3.0 billion
Address of Main Branch: 1-13-5, Koyamachi, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto Prefecture
Number of branches: 4
Main branch and branches: 4
Employees 57
Kyushu Accounting Service
Accounting and financial closing of consolidated subsidiaries, consolidated financial closing
Established: April 1, 2004
Capital:
¥20 million
Address of Main Branch:
3-3, Izumicho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture
Number of branches: 1 1 main branch
11.08 %
Credit card business, credit guarantee business, etc.
Higin Computer Service Co., Ltd. Capital: ¥20 million Services such as consigned computing and software development
Higin Capital Co., Ltd. Capital: ¥100 million Acquisition, holding and sale of securities, and corporate diagnosis service
Higin Business Support Co., Ltd. Capital: ¥30 million Organization, collection and delivery of documents, etc., and management of supplies
Kagoshima Bank Kyushu FG Securities
1 2
Miyazaki: 11 Kagoshima Bank
Japan
Tokyo/Osaka: Higo Bank 2 4 Kagoshima Bank 2
Overseas
The Higin Business Education, Ltd.
Education and training service
Higin Office Business Co., Ltd.
Capital: ¥30 million
Taipei: Okinawa:2
1 Kagoshima Bank: 1
Capital: ¥20 million Subcontracting office work, fee-charging employment placement business
5 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kagoshima Bank 2
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 6
The Kagoshima Lease Co., Ltd.
Leasing and lending services
Capital: ¥66 million
Oita:1
Higo Bank 1
Kagoshima Card Co., Ltd.
The Kagoshima Guarantee Service Co., Ltd. Capital: ¥20 million
Credit guarantee business
Kyushu Economic Research Institute Capital: ¥20 million Financial and economic surveys and research, management consulting service, etc.
The Kagin Office Business Co., Ltd. Capital: ¥30 million Collateral evaluation and worker dispatch operations, etc.
Capital: ¥50 million Credit card business, credit guarantee business, etc.
The Kagin Agency Co., Ltd.
Bank agency services
Capital: ¥50 million
(including internet branch)
Employees 5
Kagoshima: 138 Kagoshima Bank 136
9 Higo Bank 1 Kyushu FG Securities 1
Higo Bank
Kyushu FG Securities
1 1
Shanghai:2
Higo Bank: 1 Kagoshima Bank: 1
total assets
8 th
The Kyushu Financial Group’s Network (As of March 31, 2021)
Fukuoka:7 Higo Bank 6
Kagoshima Bank 1 Nagasaki:1
Higo Bank 1 Kumamoto: 114
Higo Bank 111

About the Kyushu Financial Group
Financial/Non-financial Highlights
 Financial Highlights
Growth
Average balance of loans (Trillions of yen)
Average balance of deposits and NCDs
Non-financial Highlights
Underwriting of privately placed bonds related
Balance of ESG investments and loans
 6.7
2019/3
7.1
2020/3
7.5
2021/3
(Trillions of yen)
8.5
2019/3
8.7
2020/3
9.3
2021/3
to ESG and SDGs (Billions of yen) 11.1
13.3 13.60
¥613.1
Balance of investments and loans related to COVID-19
¥251.5 billion (March 31, 2021)
In order to boost businesses contributing to the creation of a sustainable local community with more focus, this was refined to the definition of ESG investments and loans centered on funds for equipment in the environmental and social area from FY2020. Please refer to P27 for details on ESG investments and loans.
Balance of environmentally responsible
        Up ¥0.4 trillion year on year to ¥7.5 trillion due to increases in corporate, personal and public loans as a result of actively supporting customers during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Up ¥0.6 trillion year on year to ¥9.3 trillion due to increases in corporate, personal and public deposits as a result of being trusted by customers even during the COVID-19 pandemic. This is the greatest increase in the balance since the Company was founded.
We are actively promoting privately placed bonds related to ESG and SDGs that supply funds to businesses contributing to the creation of a sustainable local community and also donate part of the revenue. A total of ¥53.6 million was donated to local schools and medical institutions, etc. by March 31, 2021.
Renewable energy loans executed
Profitability
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Business profits from services provided to customers
ROE (%) 3.7
2019/3
(Billions of yen)
12.81
FY2018
time deposits (Billions of yen)
224.7
Mar. 31, 2021
6.1 4.37
FY2017
billion
3.6 9.62 2.98
FY2018
FY2019 FY2020
      (Billions of yen)
22.2 18.2
2019/3 2020/3
15.0
2021/3
(Billions of yen)
12.1 11.7
2019/3 2020/3
9.2
2021/3
3.0
2020/3
2.4
2021/3
9.19
FY2019
11.68
FY2020
163.8
Mar. 31, 2018
212.5
Mar. 31, 2019
218.2
Mar. 31, 2020
         Down ¥3.2 billion year on year to ¥15.0 billion due to the impact of COVID-19 and unexpect- ed natural disasters.
Efficiency
OHR
OH(R %) 68.2
74.4
2019/3
Down ¥2.5 billion year on year to ¥9.2 billion due to an increase in personnel expenses for increased bonuses for young employees and disaster response costs, and an overall increase in expenses due to the construction of the new Head Office Building of Kagoshima Bank.
Soundness
Down 0.6% year on year to 2.4% due to an increase in shareholders’ equity and a decrease in net income attributable to owners of the parent.
We are strengthening environmental initiatives through business. In particular, amid the proliferation of renewable energies, we are proactively investing not only in solar and wind power, but also in geothermal power, biomass, small-scale hydroelectric power, and other sources taking advantage of our region’s particular qualities, conducting environmental business at the same time as contributing to the mitigation of climate change. Furthermore, with environmen- tally responsible time deposits, the Group donates a fixed percentage of total deposits to organizations which conserve regional water and nature, based on the intent of customers making deposits to conserve the environment.
    Expenses (Billions of yen)
67.8 75.8
2020/3
Capital adequacy ratio (%)
69.7 11.34 77.7
601.5
2021/3 2019/3
Core capital (Billions of yen)
11.08
623.5
2021/3
273
FY2017
851
FY2018
1,187
FY2019
88.1
FY2017
Capital adequacy ratio (%)
2,705
FY2020
98.0 100.0
FY2018 FY2019
100.0
FY2020
Number of cases of successful business matching
Percentage of staff who took childcare leave (male and female)
  10.89 607.5
2020/3
We are utilizing the information resources and network that have expanded through Group integration to provide support to compa- nies’ business operations across the Group.
Long-term ratings (as of March 31, 2021)
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)
A+
We have established a working environment supporting the balance of work and family in order to improve employee engagement.
   Up 1.9% year on year to 69.7% due to a decrease in gross income from business and an increase in expenses.
The capital adequacy ratio was up 0.19% year on year to 11.08% due to the contribution made by the increase in core capital in relation to the increase in risk assets as a result of calculation of the capital adequacy ratio according to domestic standards based on Basel III.
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)
A+
A+
S&P Global Ratings Japan Inc.
A-
A-
  7 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 8

 About the Kyushu Financial Group
Our Operating Base
Basic Data About Central and Southern Kyushu
Aso Geopark
Kumamoto Castle
Amakusa
A geopark centered on the Aso Caldera, which is one of the largest calderas in the world, and Mt. Nakadake where the volcanic crater can be viewed. It was registered as a Japanese Geopark in 2009 and as a Global Geopark in September 2014.
It is an impregnable castle built by the great general Kato Kiyomasa. It is considered to be one of the three greatest castles in Japan, and its unique stone walls have been given the name “Musha-gaeshi” meaning that they turn away warriors. The castle was damaged in the Kumamoto Earthquake that occurred in April 2016, but the Nagabei Wall and keep were restored in 2021.
Amakusa is an archipelago made up of 120 large and small islands surrounded by blue ocean. In addition to being known for its history of European culture and Christianity, the islands have rich culture and nature in- cluding being able to enjoy dolphin watch- ing all year.
Kirishima-jingu Shrine
Sakurajima
Yakushima
It is the largest shrine in Southern Kyushu with a long history spanning since it was founded in the sixth century. It was relocat- ed to the current location over five centu- ries ago. The current shrine pavilions were constructed and donated by Shimazu Yoshi- taka, the 21st head of the Shimazu clan (4th Lord of Satsuma Domain), in 1715.
Sakurajima, which is familiarly known as a symbol of Kagoshima, is a globally re- nowned active volcano that continues to erupt today. There are numerous records of eruptions from ancient times, and it be- came connected with the Osumi Peninsula in the great eruption of 1914.
It was the first world natural heritage site to be registered in Japan in 1993. It not only boasts scenery represented by Yakusugi ce- dar trees, but also has great academic value due to characteristics such as “continuous vegetation according to altitude, vegeta- tion succession and transformation of the warm-temperate ecosystem.”
Area (km2) January 1, 2021
Population
(10 thousand)
October 1, 2019
GDP (trillion yen) FY2017
Output of agriculture, forestry, fisheries industries (trillion yen) FY2017
Output of hotel and restaurant business (trillion yen)
FY2017
Central and
Southern Kyushu 24,331
“Statistical reports on the land area
municipalities in Japan,” Geospatial
“Population Estimates,” the Statistics Bureau of Japan “Annual Report on Prefectural Accounts,” Cabinet Office
Seoul, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Taipei
Seoul, Daegu, Busan, Beijing 11 other locations
9 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 10
Kyushu Okinawa Japan
44,512 377,975
Central and Southern Kyushu
Kyushu Okinawa Japan
Central and Southern Kyushu
442
1,425 12,616
15.3
Minimum 43 min.
by Kyushu Shinkansen
Kyushu Okinawa 51.4
In July 2021, it was determined that Amami-Oshima Island, Tokunoshima Island, the northern part of Okinawa Island and Iriomote Island would be registered as world natural heritage sites.
Following Yakushima, this is the second site in Kagoshima Prefecture to be registered as a world natural heritage site, making Kagoshima the only prefecture in Japan to have multiple natural heritage sites.
■ International flights
As the gateway to East Asia and Southeast Asia, there are many international flights centered on China, South Korea and Taiwan, and the airport serves as a hub for the promotion of tourism in Central and Southern Kyushu.
Japan
Central and Southern Kyushu
561.5
1.5
11 branches in Miyazaki Prefecture
Kyushu Okinawa 2.6 Japan 12.2
Central and
Southern Kyushu 1.0
Kyushu Okinawa 3.5 Japan 33.0
Aso Kumamoto Airport
Number of passengers 200,000 on international flights
Seoul, Daegu, Kaohsiung, Hong Kong
“2018 Airport Management Statistics Report,” Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism
by prefectures and Information Authority of Japan
Number of passengers on international flights
Seoul, Taipei
140,000
3,900,000
2019
Fukuoka Building opened
Minimum 32 min. by Kyushu Shinkansen
”National Park Official Partner” agreement with the Ministry of the Environment We carry out initiatives to promote tourism at the two national parks lo- cated in the Group’s local region out of the eight national parks designat- ed for the Ministry’s Project to Fully Enjoy National Parks.
● Aso Kuju National Park ● Kirishima-Kinkowan
National Park
■ Tourism resources
Central and Southern Kyushu, our home region, abounds with tourism resources, including some of the world’s largest active volcanoes such as Mount Aso and Sakurajima, along with historic buildings and structures. The pictures below present some of the numerous tourism resources.
2015
Okinawa Branch opened
Kagoshima Airport
Number of passengers 400,000 on international flights
Miyazaki Bougainvillea Airport
Naha Airport
Number of passengers on international flights
Amazing Central and Southern Kyushu
We are based in Central and Southern Kyushu, a region with stun- ning natural landscapes and a wealth of tourist attractions. Cou- pled with its agricultural output that is among the highest in Japan, Southern Kyushu boasts amazing local features.
With its geographical proximity to other parts of Asia, the re- gion’s airports handle international flights mostly to China, South Korea, and Taiwan. This means that Southern Kyushu has the great potential as a logistics base.
Southern Kyushu (Billions of yen)
Local Offerings
■ Agriculture
Kagoshima is ranked 2nd, Miyazaki 5th, and Kumamoto 6th in Japan for agricultural output. These three prefectures’ total output is almost equal to that of Hokkaido.
Rankings of agricultural output (Billions of yen)
Rankings of output by prefectures in Central and
1 Hokkaido Kumamoto,
1,255.8 4 1,165.0 5 489.0 6
430.2
Chiba Miyazaki Kumamoto
385.9 339.6 336.4
1
2
st
nd
Kumamoto, Beef cattle
42.7
Tomatoes
40.8
Rice
36.8
Kagoshima, Beef cattle
127.8
Pork
84.7
Broilers
69.5
Miyazaki
Beef cattle
78.0
Broilers
68.7
Pork
52.1
Kagoshima, Miyazaki
2 Kagoshima 3 Ibaraki
3rd
“2019 Agricultural Production Income Statistics,”the Statistics Department of the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries
“2019 Agricultural Production Income Statistics,”the Statistics Department of the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries
Amami and Okinawa registered as world natural heritage sites

About the Kyushu Financial Group
Strengths of the Kyushu Financial Group
Based in our home region of Central and Southern Kyushu, we will fully leverage
the group management resources and actively contribute to the realization of a sustainable
 local community.
Robust Operating Base
We have a network of branches across Central and Southern Kyushu (Kumamoto, Kagoshima, and Miyazaki) with overwhelming market share of deposits and loans, establishing a robust operating base in our home region.
We will continue to fully leverage the group management resources and actively contribute to the realization of a sustainable local commu- nity by responding to the trust and expectations of customers.
Our Excellence —Active effort to help resolve issues facing our local community and customers—
To fully leverage the advantages of the integration of top-tier banks in Kumamoto and Kagoshima, each bank autonomously practices on-the- ground, high-quality management for the local communities and shares the expertise it has accumulated, thereby engaging in active efforts to help resolve issues facing the communities and customers.
  Number of Group branches and ATMs
Share of deposits and loans in Central and Southern Kyushu
■ Initiatives in the fields of tourism, agriculture, forestry, and fisheries Central and Southern Kyushu where we are based boasts abundant tourism re- sources and thrives in agriculture, forestry, and fisheries.
To tap into these regional characteristics for industrial development, we have entered into the National Park Official Partnership with the Ministry of the Envi- ronment in order to launch initiatives to promote tourism. We have also estab- lished an agricultural corporation as part of our further efforts to promote primary producers’ diversification into processing and distribution (sixth sector industrialization).
Furthermore, by utilizing Glocal Crowdfunding Inc. in which we are investing, we have donated a total of approximately ¥9 million for supporting the recovery of the tourism industry in the Hitoyoshi Kuma region and Aso Kurokawa region of Kumamoto Prefecture, which were damaged in the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020.
Balance of lending to agriculture, forestry, and fisheries industries
 Kumamoto Prefecture
KFG 45.9
12.5
15.5
KFG 47.5
trillion
8.5 11.4
(Kumamoto, Kagoshima, Miyazaki)
Other (Shinkin banks, city banks, etc.)
Shinkin banks 9.3 13.5 13.5 March
8.1
March 2021
16.4
10.2 7.4
March KFG 18.1 2021 43.1
21.2
¥4.3500 trillion
*Share excludes Japan Post Bank and JA
100
50
84.2
Deposits
Loans
(Billions of yen)
107.5
March 2021
       ATMs:
1,009
Number of main business partners
114
Second-tier regional banks
First-tier regional banks
16.3
2015
15.0
March KFG 19.3 2015 41.2
 ATMs:
1,245
Miyazaki Prefecture
19.6
11
¥7.0574 trillion
  481 138
¥9.2176
¥5.7578
Kagoshima Prefecture
ATMs:
trillion
21,624 companies Our Efforts to Help Create a Sustainable Society and Develop the Local Economy Centering On the SDGs
By leveraging our sound financial base and making a thorough commitment to our local community, we contribute to the sustainable devel- opment of our customers and communities.
■ Providing one-stop financial service in collaboration with banking, brokerage, and trust functions
The Group launched trust operations through its banks in April 2019—the first regional financial group in Kyushu to do so in order to address the growing inheritance and asset succession needs on the back of the aging society. Furthermore, we launched the Adult Guardianship De- posit Account in July 2020 and the Designated Agent Trust (Anshin Mimamori Shintaku) entrusting trust assets to an agent in case of dementia or future health concerns in June 2021.
Together with Kyushu FG Securities marking its third anniversary, through collaboration between banking, brokerage, and trust functions, we act as a one-stop service provider to meet customers’ needs for the financial lifecycle of “saving, increasing, and bequeathing” assets and for inheritance.
■ Our active initiatives for ESG financing
The Group works to help develop a sustainable local economy and society in accor- dance with its management philosophy.
We have established a Sustainability Declaration and a Guideline for Investments and Loans incorporating the perspectives of SDGs and ESG. Through our efforts to promote the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) criteria, we engage in initiatives related to comprehensive ESG fi- nancing. These initiatives include granting loans for the promotion of renewable energy as well as the local mainstay industries of agriculture and tourism, and sup- porting projects intended to mitigate climate change and conserve biodiversity. These initiatives we have taken in relation to ESG financing have been recognized, and we were awarded a silver prize in the lending service category of the 1st ESG Finance Awards Japan hosted by the Ministry of the Environment.
Furthermore, in September 2020, we became the second regional bank in Japan to sign the Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB). We have estab-
lished a business strategy in line with social goals such as SDGs and
the Paris Agreement, and will contribute to the realization of a sus-
tainable local community through our business.
■ Initiatives aimed at environmental conservation and local contribution activities
We engage in continuous initiatives for environ- mental conservation, including managing water- shed protection forests, carrying out projects to fill paddy fields with water, and maintaining forests in order to create enriching local communities and preserve local nature’s bounty for posterity.
We announced our support for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Rec- ommendations in June 2019, and in addition to pro- moting environmentally friendly procurement activities such as formulating Green Procurement Guidelines in March 2020 and establishing the Group’s Environmental Policy in December, we aim to realize a decarbonized society, and will actively contribute to the realization of a sustainable local community through initiatives aimed at preserva- tion of the regional environment.
0 March 2016
 Balance and number of accounts
  Banking “Save”
Providing one-stop financial consulting
at Kyushu FG Securities
Third anniversary 44,805 40,000 31,280
 (Accounts)
(Billions of yen)
200
150
100
143.5
FY2020
50,000
     Brokerage “Increase”
Trust “Bequeath”
30,000 20,851 20,000
 We have provided trust business in
467projects during FY2020
10,000
0 FY2018 FY2019
94.3 60.6
50 0
Balance
No. of accounts
 11 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 12
Largest loan balance
among regional banks

 What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
  Top Commitment
We will embrace the challenge of creating a future for the region through evolution into “a Community Value Co-Creation Group.”
President and Representative Director
Yoshihisa Kasahara
 13
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 14
 We will anticipate and overcome the waves of the changing times
I would like to begin by expressing my best wishes to everyone affected by COVID-19. I would also like to express my deepest gratitude to the medical per- sonnel and others working to combat COVID-19.
Furthermore, I would like to thank shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders for their continued support of the Kyushu Financial Group. As the repre- sentative of the Kyushu Financial Group (KFG), I will explain our commitment centered on the imple- mentation of our medium-term management plan.
In recent years, the environment surrounding the financial industry has undergone dramatic change. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the paradigm shift in the industry, and I believe we must engage in business by anticipating what lies ahead of such enormous changes. Under such con- ditions, digital transformation (DX) and sustainable development goals (SDGs) are two initiatives that are particularly important for KFG.
Backed by progress made in IT (information tech- nology), DX is bringing about significant changes to our lifestyles and the way we do business, and such changes have also been further backed by the COVID-19 pandemic that has continued since last year. For this reason, it is essential to realize that not only KFG but also our customers and the local com- munity have no hope of moving forward unless we overcome this wave of change through active utili- zation of IT.
Meanwhile, we must accurately grasp the radically changing notion of the economy with regard to SDGs. In a conventional capitalist economy, both in- dividuals and enterprises seeking maximization of profit through free activity was seen to be desirable. However, now that we are facing increasing risks such as climate change, there are concerns that the sustainability of the planet will be endangered if we seek economic value alone.
Recently, it is sought of corporate management to engage in the resolution of social issues based on the approach of stakeholder capitalism. Furthermore, we are in an era in which it is essential to understand that the acquisition of profit is brought about by be- ing useful to society through the resolution of issues. In this context, stakeholders include shareholders and investors, in addition to customers, employees, business partners, local communities, and also the global environment, and it is essential to engage with stakeholders in all directions.
The thought put into “Reformation” in the new medium-term management plan
KFG has formulated the Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan – Reformation – (New Group Me- dium-Term Plan) based on the changes in the times described above. During this period, the entire Group including Directors, Outside Directors, branch mangers, division managers, and also young person- nel have been involved in discussion. We continued discussion from the broad perspective of what is the purpose of a regional bank as the times undergo sig- nificant changes, and in addition to clarifying the purpose or meaning of existence of KFG, we have established a long-term vision of the shape the Group should take in ten years. The former meaning of existence is “We exist to work with our customers and the communities we serve to create a future for our region by nurturing, protecting and sustaining their assets, businesses, local industries, nature and culture.” Meanwhile, the latter long-term vision enti- tled “Our vision for co-creation: Thinking about a de- cade from now”is“Evolving to become a‘Community Value Co-creation Group’ and create a better future with customers, communities, and employees.”
This includes a major transformation of KFG’s busi- ness model. This involves evolution from a conven- tional regional financial group into a Community Value Co-creation Group. We have redefined KFG’s
 
What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
  meaning of existence and vision by intentionally removing the word finance. Additionally, we have positioned the three years starting this fiscal year to be a “Reformation” Stage aimed at the realization of our vision.
This word “reformation” is imbued with the strong desire of our members to “change what should be changed.” In the process of formulating the New Group Medium-Term Plan, all members of the Group including myself engaged in discussion about the word
“reformation.” Initially, I suggested using “evolution” as the title. In response to this, young personnel made impassioned pleas to go with “reformation” because this is an important period aimed at determining the form KFG should take in the future, so I decided to draw upon the passion of young personnel who will be the ones who take charge of the long-term vision. I am confident that not only the title, but also the content of the plan has been refined with the resolve of KFG as a whole.
Implementing on-the-ground management based on the management philosophy
Around three years have passed since I became President of Higo Bank, and around two years have passed since I became President of KFG. What I have focused on until now is an on-the-ground ap- proach to management based on our management philosophy. Rather than lead the Group as a whole through the charisma of the head of the holding company, my management stance is that the management philosophy and meaning of existence that un- derpin corporate management form the foundation of manage- ment together with the Co-creation Vision with a view to ten years ahead, and assuming that these are properly followed, I respect the discretion of the people with boots on the ground. Just as I
reflected the views of young employees in the formulation of the New Group Medium-Term Plan, I think the direction of “Reforma- tion” that we should take is to utilize the opinions of people in the field, and establish an environment in which people in the field can think and act autonomously. Furthermore, by establishing a Co-creation Vision with an eye to sustained management in the long term, the basic stance of management can be passed on without faltering even if the management team changes.
I call it the “nested structure of business models” involving mul- tiple companies such as two banks, a securities company, an ac- counting service company, and a lease company doing business within the larger framework of a holding company. As long as none of them deviate from the management philosophy, I think they should conduct business freely. For this reason, the loose ties that respect the independence of Group companies are a major characteristic of KFG. Of course, I place emphasis on each compa- ny conducting business deeply rooted in their respective fields while moving in the same direction rather than each company conducting business with completely different strategies.
Moreover, I think the people working in the field in each com- pany should act flexibly based on the management philosophy. This is because people who are closer to the field have a better understanding of customers, and are able to respond to custom- ers concerns and requests in an accurate and timely manner. In addition, aiming to do work that is useful for the customer pro- vides a sense of satisfaction for employees, and encourages them to work freely. Each individual employee striving to work to con- tribute to customers and the local community with free ideas will result in the advancement of KFG as a whole. That is the kind of corporate group I would like us to be.
15 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 16
We will develop the Group as a whole through an unwavering co-creation vision and free and on-the-ground management
Strengthening management support for customers during the COVID-19 pandemic
FY2020 was a year in which our initiatives and performance were dominated by responding to COVID-19. For this reason, all of KFG worked to support customers whose management suffered due to the impact of the disease. In the first half of the fiscal year, we emphasized providing cash flow support from an early stage, and focused on executing loans with credit guarantees through col- laboration with local governments. Normally, KFG is ranked around 30th nationwide in terms of the amount of loans, but this rank quickly rose to 8th in FY2020. This is a scale next to only regional banks in major urban centers.
This swift action was made possible by our experience with the Kumamoto Earthquake and Heavy Rain Event. We thought to our- selves “What can we do?” for people suffering from the disasters, and took action. For example, one initiative is the introduction of the HarmoniCar bank on wheels and mobile ATM vehicles. At pres- ent, we have deployed vehicles enabling cash withdrawals and transfers from Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank, and have estab- lished a system through which our services can be immediately deployed to the site of a disaster if it takes time to restore branches due to a disaster. They were deployed to the Hitoyoshi Kuma re- gion in southern Kumamoto Prefecture during the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020 last year, and met affected people’s demand for cash. I think we have been able to leverage such experience to swiftly respond to the difficult economic conditions presented by COVID-19.
Although improving efficiency of operations and elimination of waste are important issues in management, only considering the efficiency of facilities and equipment is not necessarily desirable when it is necessary to assist the customer. Both the HarmoniCar bank on wheels and mobile ATM vehicles require costs to intro- duce and operate, but we must not lose sight of the perspective of being prepared.
Following the provision of loans throughout the first half of the fiscal year, in the second half of the fiscal year, we provided loans at the same time as offering management support tailored to indi- vidual companies. This was not only support to overcome COVID-19, but also management advice in response to the chang- es in the times I mentioned at the beginning.
As a result of such initiatives, ordinary income increased by 5% year on year in FY2020. Profit decreased year on year due to an in- crease in other operating expenses arising as a result of an increase in subsidiaries and an increase in the provision for possible loan losses, but I think we have gained momentum toward the imple- mentation of the New Group Medium-Term Plan as operating cash flow increased significantly.
Furthermore, the results from the merger of the two banks in 2015 to the previous Group Medium-Term Plan, led to the creation of our management base in the Collaboration Stage of the Group’s 1st Medium-Term Management Plan, and the initiatives to maxi- mize the group synergy in the Integration Stage of the Group’s 2nd Medium-Term Management Plan, had an integration effect of ¥15.0 billion. With Reformation Stage in the New Group Medium-Term
Plan, we intend to further accelerate our initiatives based on the results we have accumulated in the first and second stages.
Further acceleration of the creation of new industries leveraging the characteristics of the region
Most recently, looking at Kumamoto and Kagoshima prefectures, which are the main business areas of KFG, the tourism industry, the restaurant industry, and the agriculture, forestry, and fisheries in- dustries have all been affected by COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the increasingly pronounced decline in birthrate and aging of so- ciety are serious problems for the region in the long term. In order to overcome such problems and realize a sustainable region, the creation of new industries is essential. The utilization of IT aimed at DX mentioned at the beginning is a trump card for the creation of new industries. I think it is regional areas that should be actively making IT investment, and we would like to create value that can only be created in this region by doing so.
Although KFG’s business area is a difficult environment as a mar- ket, it is blessed with nature and is a treasure trove of agricultural and fishery products. I think utilizing such rare value and increas- ing added value will provide opportunities for new business. Fur- thermore, as Southern Kyushu also has the advantage of being geographically close to Asian countries, efforts should be made to increase overseas exports. KFG is considering the establishment of a regional trading company, and we would like to make it happen. In addition, inbound business that has been interrupted by COVID-19 also has great potential in the medium to long term. We intend to start to take steps now that anticipate what lies ahead once the situation has settled.
A variety of ideas utilizing the characteristics of the region have already been presented by people in KFG companies. Creation of a new business takes time. That is why it is essential to launch a business with an eye to ten years of growth. We will continue to plant seeds through the New Group Medium-Term Plan with the belief that they will eventually sprout. Through that process, new possibilities leading to the next Group Medium-Term Plan should emerge.
Expand revenue of non-financial business to 40% of total over 10 years
In recent years, the management environment surrounding re- gional banks throughout Japan has become increasingly harsh. This has led investors to point out that it is becoming difficult to consider active investment. Admittedly, it is only natural that such comments are made when PBR (price-book value ratio) is less than 1. With regard to this, we should be reflective on not only our per- formance, but also our failure to present a clear future vision as a regional bank until now. In the New Group Medium-Term Plan, we have indicated a vision for ten years from now, along with KPIs for the transforming business model, and I intend to conduct man- agement in future with resolve as the head of the management team.

 What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
 Under the New Group Medium-Term Plan that started this fiscal year, we will solidify our growth base through Reformation over the next three years by backcasting the Co-creation Vision with an eye to ten years in the future. At present, banking business ac- counts for approximately 90% of revenue, but we intend to lower this to around 60% in the revenue structure in ten years. Put differ- ently, we expect revenue from non-financial business to account for 40% of business. This is why we have intentionally left out the words financial services in our Co-creation Vision. By pursuing all possibilities other than financial services, we aim to establish a new revenue base.
At present, Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank, which are part of KFG, have a high market share of around 60% of customers using them as their main bank in their respective business areas. Their share of loans is also around 40% to 50%. While this point is a strength of KFG, it could be said that the value of KFG’s existence is actually in the continued growth of the regional economy.
Based on this, it is vital to properly understand the issues faced in the region through sales activities in the field, and ensure steps are taken to resolve these. Of course, some issues can be resolved with the power of finance, but many other issues can also be done with other means. Creating new regional value by working with customers, the community, and employees to resolve issues to- gether over the long time span of ten years could be described as the form KFG is aiming for. The younger generation of employees particularly sympathizes with the Co-creation Vision, and is enthu- siastically engaged in its implementation. I truly look forward to seeing how they change over the next three years and what changes they will bring about in KFG.
Investors have asked me how we specifically intend to create 40% of revenue through non-financial services. To be honest, I do not think we can achieve this as an extension of our current port- folio. In the future, we must create new services leveraging group synergy, and we will also consider the use of M&A as an option in some cases. We will aim toward 40% of revenue through non-fi- nancial services through such non-continuous growth. In the past, KFG has conscientiously conducted business under regulations such as the Banking Act, but as deregulation progresses, we will embrace challenges without being constrained by the stereotype of a regional bank.
Movements aimed at the creation of new services have already accelerated in Group companies. For example, Kyushu FG Securi- ties is offering IPO (initial public offering) support to local compa- nies, in addition to its existing asset management services. This is based on the premise of resolving the social issue that with the limited number of listed companies in Kyushu, developing local companies and leading as many of them as possible to an IPO will contribute to vitalizing the regional economy. Kyushu FG Securi- ties is proceeding to develop personnel specializing in IPOs and will seek out possibilities while deepening coordination with Group companies in the future.
In addition, KFG also dispatches personnel and provides ser- vices through FinTech to actively face the challenges presented by changes in the times. In contrast to the period of economic growth, with the declining birthrate and aging of society, the shortage of personnel is expected to become a greater issue than a lack of funds for companies in Japan. I think KFG providing solu- tions to such social issues will lead to sustained growth as a Group.
Strengthening IT investment leading to value creation while implementing thorough cost reductions
A major issue faced by KFG is the reduction of costs through the improvement of operational efficiency while proceeding to cre- ate new services.
With regard to the consolidation of branches, we will review out manned channel at a size of 60 branches while taking
We will continue to sow seeds for new business with an view to ten years of growth without being constrained by the stereotype of a regional bank
consideration to ensure customers are not inconvenienced. We will also thoroughly streamline and reduce labor in business processes such as payment systems. Meanwhile, we will aim to enhance rev- enue by shifting strategic personnel into areas such as asset man- agement advisory and management consulting services.
While engaging in thorough cost reductions, we intend to ac- tively invest in the creation of value that anticipates what lies ahead. In particular, we expect to make ¥12.0 billion IT investment related to the creation of new services over three years under the New Group Medium-Term Plan. This will include the development of smartphone apps, internet banking, and investment in branch DX, in addition to the introduction of RPA (Robotic Process Auto- mation). We will consider a system of undertaking IT-related oper- ations from the government while coordinating with local governments due to the Digital Agency scheduled to be newly established as a national government organization this September.
The goals of the New Group Medium-Term Plan are listed as Group KPIs. They are all important indicators, but I think we must achieve a service profit ratio (= service profit / gross profit from core business) of 14% or higher. Furthermore, it is critical that the consolidated/non-consolidated ratio, which is the ratio of consoli- dated income of Group companies to the parent company’s non-consolidated income, reaches 1.1. Achieving both of these goals will pave the way for the Group’s 4th Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan.
Actively engaging in ESG management and challenges of SDGs
We are actively engaged in strengthening of ESG management with the aim of sustained growth in the medium to long term.
Among our initiatives to protect the environment, the most re- cent topic is that last September, we became the second Japanese regional bank to sign the Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) advocated by the United Nations Environment Programme Fi- nance Initiative.
The PRB encourage banks to conduct business activities consis- tent with social goals such as the SDGs and the Paris Agreement with the aim of realizing a sustainable society. KFG announced support for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendations in 2019, and we will earnestly engage in ESG investments and loans based on these frameworks going forward.
We would like to maintain a stance of ensuring KFG is the quick- est to engage in ESG management and the challenges presented by SDGs, starting with the signing of the PRB. Being the first pen- guin leading the industry is key. Furthermore, accelerating such initiatives will create relationships with customers and investors sharing a common awareness, in addition to the community. I am confident that new business will be created in a network of peo- ple with shared values, and we will clarify our position as KFG seek- ing to be a “Community Value Co-creation Group.”
Furthermore, in terms of social initiatives, we will accelerate ac- tivities from the aspects of both regional vitalization and
contribution to the region. In the establishment of and investment in corporations for promoting industry, we are endeavoring to demonstrate our function of promoting regional industries from the perspectives of tourism, agriculture, and expanding sales channels, and we expect to produce results under the New Group Medium-Term Plan. Furthermore, we are also expanding our han- dling of privately placed bonds for the promotion of industry.
With regard to involvement with employees in social initiatives, we will focus on development of human resources and improve- ment of the working environment because strengthening our hu- man resource base is essential for sustained growth. The strength of human resources is exhibited through the combination of tal- ent, motivation, and teamwork, and I think it is paramount that we enhance all of these elements. In human resources development, we will support the acquisition of business knowledge including specialized areas, and also encourage the fostering of liberal arts that are essential for the development of human ability. Further- more, we will continue to engage in issues such as the reduction of working hours, improvement of employee satisfaction, and the promotion of health management.
Meanwhile, to strengthen governance, KFG will focus on legal compliance, and the enhancement of transparency and sound- ness of management. The Company made the transition to a com- pany with an Audit and Supervisory Committee following a resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders held this June. We intend to further enhance the transparency of management by establishing an Audit and Supervisory Committee with a major- ity of Outside Directors, and having the committee centered on Outside Directors supervise management. Moving forward, we intend to transform the Board of Directors into a structure en- abling discussion to be concentrated on management itself, such as being a place to discuss the future portfolio.
I began by saying that the fundamental principle of the econo- my is shifting toward stakeholder capitalism, and KFG’s mission is also changing in turn. This is an area in which initiatives leveraging the region’s natural capital and cultural capital, in addition to con- ventional economic capital, have become indispensable for the realization of a sustainable local community. In this regard, KFG’s business area has an abundance of such capital. I believe KFG’s mission to create a future for the region and thereby create further economic value by protecting, developing, and handing on the region’s natural capital and cultural capital to the next generation.
Looking ahead, KFG will continue to face the region’s issues head-on and thoroughly work toward their resolution. By doing so, we aim to increase the value of the region and also raise the cor- porate value of KFG. We sincerely appreciate your further support and patronage for the Kyushu Financial Group.
17 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Yoshihisa Kasahara Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 18
President and Representative Director

What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
The Kyushu Financial Group’s Value Creation Process
Our Raison D’être
- We exist to build the future of our local communities alongside local stakeholders and customers, cultivating, safeguarding, and passing on our customers’ assets and businesses, as well as our communities’ industries, cultures, and nature.
           External environment
Structural problems of the region
Ongoing low-interest-rate environment/regulatory easing
Rapid technological innovation and accelerated implementation
Growing geopolitical risk
Epidemic issues
Frequent natural disasters
Management resources
Intellectual capital
● Providing services through collaboration among banking, brokerage, and trust functions
● Pioneering SDGs and ESG initiatives
● Experience and creditworthi- ness accumulated over our long history
● Brand power firmly established in the region
Social capital
● Superior, robust operating base ● Dominant market share ●Branch network rooted in the
region
Human capital
● Enhanced finance educational curriculum
● Educational Group subsidiary Financial capital
● Sound financial base ●Enhanced equity capital ● Stable revenue structure
Natural/cultural capital
● Abundant environmental resources
Creating shared value
The Kyushu Financial Group’s vision
Contribution to a sustainable local community
Sustainability materiality
   Population decline/declining birthrate and aging population
Our Co-Creation Vision: The Next Ten Years
Evolution into a Group that co-creates regional value, building a better future together with customers, local communities, and employees
Together with customers
Creating value for customers
Together with local communities
Creating value for society
Together with employees
Creating value for employees
      Shrinking regional industries
 Improving corporate value
Creating value for shareholders
 Revitalizing the regional economy
   Addressing climate change/Environmental responsibility
    The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan: “Reform” Regional value Reforms toward becoming a Group of co-creation
April 2021 to March 2024
P 47 Greater collaboration in issues toward a sustainable local community
 Corporate governance/Compliance/Risk management
P25
P 21
P33
Enhancing employee engagement
    Deepening of regional comprehensive financial service functions
Enhancing the regional industry promotion function
Nurturing people and enhancing engagement
Respecting human rights/Diversity
  Establishing KFG business model
Promoting DX toward a digital society
 Building safe, secure communities
 Business Foundation for Value Creation
  19 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 20

What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
 The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan: “Reform”
Aiming to be a “Group that co-creates regional value” building a better future with customers, local communities and employees
Our Challenges and Environmental Recognition
We have established a long-term vision and are working to resolve issues under a backcasting approach for the purpose of enhancing the
Under the Group’s 2nd Medium-Term Management Plan: “Integration Stage” (April 2018 to March 2021), we have worked to maximize Group synergies.
The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan looks out over the next decade in order to enhance the sustainability of our customers, local community, and the Group amid a highly uncertain environment due to COVID-19, natural disasters, and more. In this plan, our vision for this next decade is to "evolve into a Group that co-creates regional value, building a better future together with customers, local communities, and employees."
Vision
In keeping with our Group Management Philosophy, whereby we seek to be a "Group that co-creates regional value” building a better future together with customers, local communities, and employees, we will contribute to the realization of a sustainable local community.
Our Raison D'être
We exist to build the future of our communities alongside local stakeholders and customers, cultivating, safeguarding, and passing on our customers’ assets and businesses, as well as our communities’ industries, cultures, and nature.
Our Co-Creation Vision: The Next Ten Years
Evolution into a Group that co-creates regional value, building a better future together with customers, local communities, and employees
  sustainability of our customers, local community, and the Group amid a highly uncertain environment.
Internal environment / review of the current Medium-Term Management Plan (Challenges)
   External environment (Growing uncertainty)
The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan
       Collaboration,
integration
“Reform”
“Co-creation”
New steps toward “regional co-creation”
Co-creation
Group synergy
Moving toward solving challenges
 Structural problems of the region
 Population decline/declining birthrate and aging population
 Shrinking regional industries
 Ongoing low-interest-rate environment/regulatory easing
 Rapid technological innovation and accelerated implementation
 Growing geopolitical risk
 Local communities/customers
Stronger solutions and consulting Thoroughly strengthening financial business Exploration of non-financial businesses
Shift to digital channels
 Governance system
Balance of control and autonomy
Optimal allocation of management resources Group-wide DX
 Personnel/education
Optimal Group human resources allocation Work styles for the New Normal
Education system unbiased toward finance
 Finances
Reforming revenue structure Reforming expense structure
 Practicing the Group philosophy
Together with customers
Creating value for customers
The Group will respond to the trust and expectations of customers and will provide the optimal and best compre- hensive financial services to its customers.
Creating shared value
Together with local communities
Creating value for society
The Group will develop alongside the region and actively contribute to the realization of a vigorous local community.
Together with employees
Creating value for employees
The Group will nurture an abundance of creativity and a free-spirited organizational culture, continuing to challenge itself to move toward a better future.
      Epidemic issues
 Frequent natural disasters
  Improving corporate value
Contribution to a sustainable local community (SDGs)
Creating value for shareholders
 Positioning of the Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan
  As the first step in the 10-year "co-creation" stage toward the realization of our vision, the entire Group will work in unison toward “reforms” that change what should be changed.
         Group’s 1st Medium-Term Management Plan
Establish a management foundation to provide the optimal and best services to customers
Group’s 2nd Medium-Term Management Plan
Maximizing group synergy toward providing the optimal and best services to customers
Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan
Focus on "changing what should be changed" as a step toward realizing our vision
Quality as stand-alone entities
  21 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 22
Integration Collaboration
 Corporate integration
2015.10
2018.4
2021.4
2024.4
2031.4
Timeline
Shift to a sustainable business model without excess reliance on net interest income
  Comprehensive financial functions
Consulting capability
Improving productivity with digital technologies
Strengthening highly concentrated customer relationships
Industry promotion functions
Acquiring Generating new extra-regional funding business
  Solutions capability
 Building regional networks
   Developing professional personnel/employee engagement
 Group governance/group-wide DX
 Share of revenue outside the banking sector:
40%
Evolution into a Group that co-creates regional value
Growth axis

What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Medium-Term Management Plan
 Three years of “reform” toward becoming a Group co-creating regional value
Overview of the Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan
The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan consists of five basic strategies: “Enhancement of regional comprehensive financial functions,” “Enhancement of function of promoting regional industry,”“Nurturing people and enhancing engagement,”“Establishment of the KFG business
model,” and “Promotion of DX toward a digital society.” It also defines “Strategic pillars” as priority topics to tackle within each of these.
Vision
Name:
Period Basic policy
Pioneering SDGs and ESG initiatives
By engaging in pioneering initiatives related to the environment, society, and governance (ESG), the Group will work in unison to build a man- agement system that can sustainably create value. We will further strengthen our efforts toward SDG-aligned measures, such as “Stronger ac- tion against climate change” in line with the TCFD recommendations, “Evolving consulting function” for revitalizing regional industry, and
“Initiatives for engagement management”to improve job motivation. In addition, by establishing a Sustainability Promotion Committee, we will accelerate these measures and improve effectiveness in their management, contributing to the realization of a sustainable society.
   Evolution into a Group that co-creates regional value, building a better future together with customers, local communities, and employees
  Environment (E)
 Social (S)
 Stronger action against climate change
 Evolving consulting function Initiatives for engagement management
 The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan: “Reform”
 Three years (April 2021 to March 2024)
 Reforms toward becoming a Group co-creating regional value
    Basic strategies ・ Strategic pillars
Basic strategies
Strategic pillars
   Business strategy
Deepening of regional comprehensive financial service functions
■ Strengthening of financial consulting capability in the New Normal
■ Support for growth of regional industry through evolving financial function
 Enhancing the regional industry promotion function
■ Practicing issue resolution through collaboration with local communities ■ Strengthening and building a regional trading company function
   Personnel strategy
Nurturing people and enhancing engagement
■ Nurturing people for value co-creation
■ Respecting diversity and improving work satisfaction
   Governance strategy
Establishing KFG business model
■ Reforming organizational and revenue structures ■ Pioneering SDGs and ESG initiatives
   Digital strategy
Promoting DX toward a digital society
■ Providing new experiences and services
■ Productivity improvement through process reforms
  Governance (G)
 Stronger management of SDGs/ESG
Resource Allocation in the Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan
In reforms toward becoming a Group co-creating regional value, we will make digital investments of around ¥12.0 billion and review branch structures for around 60 branches to improve productivity. This will enable a shift of strategic personnel to strengthen our revenue and reduce costs in the solutions area and among Group companies.
Shifted to consulting sector, non-financial fields and others with high growth potential
Business strategy Personnel strategy
Digital strategy Governance strategy
Group KPIs
In order to realize our vision, we will strive to further improve our corporate value through consistent improvements in not only our Group performance indicators, but also customer satisfaction, our level of contribution to local community, and employee happiness.
     Indicators
Results for FY2020
Final Fiscal Year Target (FY2023)
 Net income
 ¥15.0 billion
 ¥26.0 billion
 Net income from core business
  ¥30.8 billion
  ¥38.0 billion
 Business profits from services provided to customers*1
¥9.2 billion
¥17.0 billion
 Ratio of fees and commissions*2
  11.9%
  14% or more
 OHR
69.7%
65% or less
 ROE on shareholders’ equity
 2.4%
 4% or more
 Capital adequacy ratio (%)
 11.08%
 10% or more
Strategic personnel siphoned
Approx. 340 Productivity improvement
         23 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 24
Strengthening revenue
Fees and +¥4.3 billion commissions:
Group +¥1.1 billion companies:
(Net income attributable to owners of the parent)
     Approx. ¥12.0billion in digital investment
 Review of branch structure for approx.
60
branches Plus operational streamlining, etc.
Cutting costs
-¥0.8 billion Includes reductions ex. system expenses of:
-¥2.4 billion
Total expenses:
*1 Two banks combined + Kyushu FG Securities
*2 Ratio of fees and commissions = Fees and commissions ÷ Gross income from core business (Gross income from business - Gain/loss on government and other bonds)
 
What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Initiatives for SDGs
As a financial institution firmly rooted in the region, the Kyushu Financial Group considers a sustainable local community a key premise for its sustainable growth. Our long-term vision, as expressed in the Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan, is the “evolution into a Group that co-creates regional value, building a better future together with customers, local communities, and employees.” We are working to “pivot to a sustainable business model” toward achievement of this long-term vision.
In February 2019, the Group issued its “Sustainability Declaration,” and simultaneously the Group’s Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank formulat- ed the “Overall Sustainability Concept.” Under these, we work toward the realization of a sustainable local community.
We also recognize that creating a sustainable community should come not only from social contribution activities but also through business itself. In September 2020, we signed the PRB (Principles for Responsible Banking), reaffirming that our business strategy is in alignment with the SDGs. Going forward, we will work to expand the positive impact of our financial functions (and, conversely, reduce negative impact) on the economy, environment, and society.
Sustainability Materiality
■ Positioning of sustainability materiality
We have identified “sustainability materiality,” important challenges shared across the Group that should be tackled so that we can improve our business’s alignment with the SDGs, do business in a way that is considerate of our impact on the economy, environment, and society, and secure sustainability for the local community and for the Group.
■ Sustainability Materiality and Major Actions Taken
  Materiality
 Actions taken
 SDGs for contribution
 Reference pages
  Revitalizing the regional economy
• Promoting the spread of digital finance services
• Enhancing consulting capabilities and growth support for
regional industries
• Strengthening and building regional trading company
function
• Developing crowdfunding, personnel placement
businesses
  P27, 36-42, 45-46
  Addressing climate change Environmental responsibility
  • Promoting eco-business
• Addressing climate change
• Continuing volunteer tree planting
    P27, 29-32
  Enhancing employee engagement
• Introducing posting challenges, trainees, and transfer systems
• Promoting work-style reform
• Enhancing office environments
  P63-66
  Respecting human rights/ Diversity
 • Enhancing protection of customer rights (personal information, product security)
• Nurturing an organizational culture that respects diversity
  P57, 63-64
  Building safe, secure communities
 • Healthcare business consulting
• Support in combating COVID-19
• Recovery support for July 2020 floods
  P28, 37, 43-44
  ■ Identification process for sustainability materiality
      High
Materiality Map
Sustainability Materiality
Revitalizing the regional economy
Improvement of financial inclusion by promoting DX, promotion of regional core industries, promotion of local procurement and employment
Addressing climate change/ Environmental responsibility
Environmental responsibility: mitigating and adapting to climate change, effectively utilizing resources, etc.
Enhancing employee engagement
Improving labor environment, developing human resources
Respecting human rights/Diversity
Prohibition of all kinds of discrimination, universal prohibition of rights infringement, promotion of success for all
Building safe, secure communities
Taking action against infectious diseases, building strong infrastructure and communities against disasters
Sustainability Management and Promotion Structure
Board of Directors
The Group is strengthening its management and promotion system for initiatives related to the SDGs in order to realize a sustainable lo- cal community and create its own value.
On the management side, we have established the Sustainability Promotion Committee, chaired by the President and Representative Director. The Committee reports on the progress of SDGs-related ef- forts every three months. Decisions are made on individual projects after sufficient discussion and deliberation at the Group Management Council. The Board of Directors oversees these efforts, receiving re- ports at least once a year on reports and resolutions from the Council.
On the promotion side, we have established the Sustainability Man- agement Office at KFG’s headquarters and the Sustainability Promotion Office at Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank. These offices are responsible for permeating and promoting the SDGs in a Group-wide cross-disci- pline fashion where Group companies work closely together.
    Supervision
Guidance
Report
Reports/submits discussion items
  Group Management Council
 Deliberates as necessary
 Sustainability Promotion Committee
 Regularly reports/discusses
   25
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 26
Extracted and arranged 20 items from domestic and overseas frameworks
(incl. SDGs, UNEP FI Impact Radar, GRI Standards, Japanese government priority issues)
Impact on company corporate value High
*We recognize that there will be dynamic changes in materiality, and we will accordingly review these as necessary going forward.
Please see the Sustainability Vision on our website for details on the materi- ality identification process.
Sustainability Management Office
Collaboration
Group companies
   Signed the Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB)
In September 2020, the Group signed the Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB)*. We are the second regional bank
in Japan to sign these principles. We will increase the alignment between our business strategy and the SDGs, and
contribute to the realization of a sustainable society through our business.
*The Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) is a framework launched in September 2019 by the United Nations Environment Programme Financial Ini-
tiative (UNEP FI). It is designed to promote bank business strategies and business activities that are aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Paris Agreement, and other social targets.
 Impact on economy/environment/society

What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Initiatives for SDGs
 Actions to Achieve the SDGs Through Our Financial Function
As an important part of “shift to a sustainable business model,” the Kyushu Financial Group is working to improve the alignment between its business and the SDGs and to realize the SDGs through its financial functions.
Promoting ESG Investments and Loans
In order to ensure alignment with the SDGs in investments and loans, the Group formulated the Guideline for Investments and Loans in July 2019, announcing that we would also emphasize the impact on the environment and society when making investments and loans, in addition to financials. In business feasibility assessments for investments and loans, we have constructed a system for ensuring implementation of the Guideline for Investments and Loans by triple-checking applications at the first-line sales branch, then loan assessment-related divisions, and finally the Risk Management Division.
Furthermore, in order to support businesses that contribute to the creation of sustainable local communities, we have established a clear definition for our ESG investments and loans, simultaneously setting goals for these from FY2021 to FY2030.
Definition of “ESG Investments and Loans”
“ESG Investments and Loans” are defined as those investments and loans made with the purpose of contributing to medium and long-term sustainability of the local community and the Group, and with consideration to the stability and profitability of the investee and the invest- ment/loan’s impact on the environment and society. The following constitute ESG investments and loans.
■ Promoting the spread of SDGs with ESG investments and loans
We offer loan instruments specifically for the SDGs (SDGs Promotion Loans and Sustainabili- ty-Linked Loans, or SLL) in order to promote local companies’ efforts toward the SDGs. The SDGs Promotion Loan is intended for companies whose SDGs initiatives meet certain stan- dards based on our unique questionnaire, and offers preferential treatment (preferential inter- est rates and/or SDGs consulting fees). In this loan, we also donate a certain amount of funds to the customer’s designated organization. In a Sustainability-Linked Loan (SLL), sustainability performance targets (SPTs) like the CO2 reduction ratio and ratio of female managers are set, and lending conditions like interest rate are set based on the customer’s achievement status of these SPTs.
External credit ratings institutions
(e.g., R&I, District Economics Research Institute of Kumamoto Area)
Second opinions, reporting content verification
Signing loan contracts/Setting SPTs
     Customers
Initiative status reporting/ commentary (yearly)
Banking
 Supporting Recovery and Reconstruction for Local Economies Through Financial Functions
 In the Group’s home region of Kyushu, the spread of COVID-19 and the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020 which caused severe damage primarily in Kumamoto Prefecture have had significant negative impact on the local economy.
We take a variety of actions here, including extension of loan deadlines, exemptions for change fees for repayment/loan condition changes, and special COVID-19 loans for individual and corporate customers affected by the virus. In addition, in order to support the continuation and development of business for SMEs severely impacted by COVID-19 while working to strengthen their financial standing, we utilize the Japan Finance Corporation’s COVID-19 Hybrid Subordinated Loan Program created to bolster the financial foundations of businesses that were im- pacted by the COVID-19-related crisis.
In the July 2020 floods, we dispatched the HarmoniCar bank on wheels and mobile ATM vehicles, visiting a cumulative total of more than 3,000 customers in the affected area. For individual customers harmed by the flooding, we have offered support tailored to the damage they have faced, including various fee exemptions, debt forgiveness and reduction support, special interest rates for services like mortgages and private car loans. For corporate customers, we have offered emergency loans, funding and crowdfunding, etc.
In addition to funding support, we are working in unison as a local financial group to achieve recovery and reconstruction as quickly as possible through setting up phone consultation and special consultation services, holding weekend consultation meetings, and more.
 Target for ESG Investments and Loans
Cumulative:1
FY2021- FY2030
(incl. ¥200.0 billion for the environment)
tril. yen
  Investments and loans for the following funding uses
   Environment: Business contributing to mitigation of and adaptation to climate change, and environmental responsibility
E.g.: Renewable energy business, energy-saving business, de-carbonization business
Society: Businesses that contribute to regional economic revitalization and sustainable growth and that fall under the following categories
Promotion of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries, tourism, and medical/welfare-related key regional industries, start-up support, business succession
 Investments and loans in the following instruments
  SDGs/ESG-themed instruments
Privately placed SDGs bonds, SDGs Promotion Loans, sustainability bonds, green Bonds, social bonds, etc.
Sustainability-linked instruments
Sustainability-Linked Loans (SLL), sustainability-linked bonds, etc.
■ Addressing climate change with ESG investments and loans
The Group considers facilitating customer transitions to decarbonization as a business opportunity, and we are actively developing our envi- ronmental business accordingly. Utilizing the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s interest subsidies for businesses investing in ener- gy-conserving facilities, and the Ministry of the Environment’s subsidies for costs in projects for controlling carbon dioxide emissions, we promote customer capital investment contributing in energy conservation and low-carbon customer businesses. In addition, amid the prolif- eration of renewable energies, we are investing not only in solar and wind power, but also in biomass, geothermal power, small-scale hydro- electric power, and other sources taking advantage of our region’s particular qualities, contributing to the mitigation of climate change. In FY2020, we provided environment-related loans of ¥12.98 billion (including loans of ¥11.68 billion for renewable energy power generation), contributing to an annual CO2 reduction of 459,090 tons.
Contributing to Achievement of the SDGs Through Our Financial Function in New Domains
 ■ SDGs consulting
Higo Bank launched its SDGs consulting business in April 2020. The bank supports local companies by utilizing the SDG Compass (a corporate code of conduct for the SDGs) to promote their un- derstanding of the SDGs and help coordinate activities appealing to external parties about their initiatives for the SDGs. In addition, Higo Bank also uses its consulting to provide services utilizing the Group’s resources, such as expertise necessary for promoting the SDGs, such as certification acquisition support, as well as person- nel placement and crowdfunding. In addition to the traditional fi- nancial function of providing funds, the bank will share the Group’s information resources and networks through its SDGs consulting, building a sustainable local community.
STEP 1
Understand the SDGs
What are the benefits of working toward the SDGs? What roles do companies play?
SDGs consulting flow
STEP 2
Determine priority issues
STEP 3
Set targets
What is my company’s vision for itself for 2030?
STEP 4
Integration into management
What kind of initiatives can we take company-wide across multiple divisions?
      Number of loans to renewable energy businesses
 117
 Total annual generation
792,901,554kWh
 Annual contribution to CO2 reduction
 459,090 t-CO2
 *Calculation method for CO2 reduction amount:
Annual CO2 reduction (kg-CO2/year) = Estimated annual power generation (kWh) x Commercial power emission coef- ficient (0.579 kg/kWh)
・Estimated annual power generation (kWh) = Facility capacity (kW) x 24 hours x 365 days x Annual capacity factor per generation source
・Annual capacity factor per generation source uses 2020 estimates from METI’s Calculation Committee for Procurement Price, etc.
Compiling and linking initiatives to the SDGs
What impact will working toward the SDGs have on my company?
Actual investment in small-scale hydroelectric (Source: Hioki Regional Energy Co., Ltd. website)
STEP 5
    ■ Vitalizing the regional economy with ESG investments and loans
The Group is making efforts to revitalize the regional economy through the promotion of the region’s key industries of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries, as well as tourism. As the number of primary industry workers in Kyushu declines, the Group is promoting greater production efficien- cy by providing funds and information resources to foster management talent, support the shift to ICT on farms, and more. We also support the branding of agricultural products through industry-academia-government-financial sector collaboration and the expansion of overseas sales channels using e-commerce. In the tourism industry, we are working to establish a virtuous cycle of regional people, goods, and money. To that end, we are taking actions such as supporting regional events for attracting tourists and promoting businesses for increasing those using community-based tourism.
Reporting and communicating
I want to show people outside the company what we’re doing and what we’ve achieved!
  27 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 28
Other initiatives ・Launch of IPO support business
taken
・Launch of side job personnel matching service ・Development of crowdfunding business
Repeat STEP 2 through STEP 5

What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Initiatives for SDGs
 Addressing Climate Change
We regard environmental issues, including climate change, as important management challenges, and in June 2019, we declared our support for the TCFD recommendations. We strive for transparent disclosure of each of “Governance,” “Strategy,” “Risk Management,” and “Numerical Targets and Goals,” items included in the TCFD recommendations for disclosure.
Governance
The Group has established the Sustainability Promotion Committee, chaired by the President and Representative Director and reporting to the Board of Directors and the Group Management Council. Every three months, the Sustainability Promotion Committee meets to receive reports and discuss action plans and other important matters pertaining to environmental challenges, including climate change. The results of these activities are then reflected in the Group’s management strategy and risk management. In December 2020, we formulated a new Group Envi- ronmental Policy, establishing a system in which the status of our environmental efforts, including for climate change, is regularly reported to the Board of Directors, with the Board of Directors supervising efforts against climate change.
In addition, we have established a system for appropriate management of Group-wide promotion of initiatives to resolve social and envi- ronmental challenges, including climate change, under the Sustainability Management Office at our headquarters and Sustainability Promo- tion Offices at affiliated banks. This system ensures effectiveness of measure promotion.
Subjects for discussion and reporting pertaining to climate change in FY2020
Formulation of environmental policy, reporting of CO2 emissions, sustainability-related investments and loans, progress reporting for efforts to solve other environmental challenges including climate change, etc.
Strategies
(1) Risks and opportunities
The Group is aware that risks resulting from climate change will have effects on its business operation, strategies, and financial plans. While si- multaneously taking action in risk management related to the climate utilizing scenario analyses, etc., we consider customer investments to- ward reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and improvement of energy efficiency (sustainable finance, transition finance) in the interest of achieving a decarbonized society as a business opportunity. To that end, we will actively develop financial initiatives aimed at mitigating envi- ronmental burden.
(2) Scenario analysis
In order to concretely understand the impact of climate change on our business, Higo Bank was selected for the Ministry of the Environment’s 2020 Scenario Analysis Pilot Program Support Project for Climate Risk and Opportunity in Line with the TCFD Recommendations, where a scenario analysis out to 2050 was conducted.
In recognizing the climate-related physical risk and transition risk as climate-related risks, Higo Bank’s physical risk was anticipated to be credit risk due to asset damage from abnormal weather such as wind and flood disasters, and its transition risk was anticipated to be growing credit risk for customers affected by changing customer consumption preferences and stronger regulations due to climate change. Physical Risk
In the 8.5 scenario (4°C scenario) from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), we calculated the impact on credit-related ex- penses from wind and flood disasters, which would comprise more than half of climate change-caused natural disasters and would be espe- cially frequent in Kyushu.
We estimated the increase to credit costs as an impact of these physical risks based on estimations of devaluation from typhoon and heavy rain damage to collateral real estate held by Higo Bank (direct impact) and estimations of the number of days of customer business stagnation from damage to buildings (indirect impact). Our calculations resulted in a maximum increase in credit costs of about ¥3.3 billion by 2050, and the impact is considered to be of a limited amount.
*1 Flooding depth and amount of damage based on flooding depth is calculated for each asset based on the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism’s hazard maps and the Manual for Economic Evaluation of Flood Control Investment.
*2 Refers to the IPCC’s RCP8.5 scenario.
Transition Risk
We have selected sectors with high risk impact from factors such as credit exposure, and conducted an analysis of risks associated with climate change within the International Energy Agency’s (IEA) 2°C Scenario and 4°C Scenario, using assessment items including government policy/ law, market/technological change, reputation, and physical risk.
 Sector
Major assessment items
 Major risks
 Energy
Policy/laws
• Carbon tax/carbon pricing
• Complying with GHG* emissions
regulations
 • Increase in oil/coal tax rates (increased construction/operating costs, decreased asset values, decreased sales)
• Stronger GHG emissions regulations (increased operating costs, decreased asset values)
 Market/ technology
• Energy mix
• Customer behavioral changes
• Spread of renewable energies (increased operating costs, decreased sales)
• Heightened awareness of environmental responsibility (increased operating costs, decreased
sales)
Physical risk
 • Intensifying abnormal weather
  • Stronger disaster prevention measures and occurrence of property damage (increased operating costs)
 Real estate
Policy/laws
• Carbon tax/carbon pricing
• Complying with GHG emissions
regulations
• Increase in oil/coal tax rates (increased construction/operating costs)
• Stronger energy efficiency regulations for new buildings (increased construction costs)
Market/ technology
 • Customer behavioral changes
 • Shifting needs to buildings with stronger environmental performance (increased construction costs, decreased rents)
Physical risk
 • Intensifying abnormal weather
 • Flooding/landslides at existing assets (increased construction/operating costs, decreased asset values, decreased sales)
Automotive/ transportation
Policy/laws
 • Carbon tax/carbon pricing
  • Introduction of carbon tax (increased operating costs)
 Market/ technology
• Energy pricing
• Spread of electric vehicles
• Rising energy prices (increased operating costs)
• Shift to electric vehicles (increased capital investment)
Physical risk
 • Increasing average temperatures • Intensifying abnormal weather
 • Thermal expansion of railroad tracks (increased operating costs and capital investment)
• Impact of catastrophic disasters on operations (increased operating costs and capital investment)
  *Greenhouse gases
The Group’s Main Risks and Opportunities, Based on Physical and Transition Risks
■ Risks
• There is a risk of damage to the value of the Group’s loan assets by the introduction of carbon tax, climate change-related policies such as
increased oil coal tax rates, and stronger GHG emission regulations and energy efficiency regulations for new buildings, which could affect
customer businesses and financial statuses.
• There is a risk of damage to the value of the Group’s loan assets by intensifying abnormal weather, which could cause stagnation in customer
business activities and/or property damage and therefore affect customer businesses and financial statuses.
• There is a risk of diminished Group corporate reputation in the event of poor Group response to environmental issues versus its competitors. ■ Opportunities
• Demand is expected to increase for funds as a result of customer capital investment, etc. toward decarbonization, including from the spread
of renewable energy in the energy sector, the introduction of high-efficiency construction and low-carbon building materials in the real es-
tate sector, and the growth of electric vehicles and low-carbon technologies in the automobile and transportation sectors.
• Demand is expected to increase for funds across all sectors from additional customer investments in disaster prevention facilities, etc. due to
the intensification of abnormal weather.
• Increased opportunity is expected for providing financial instruments and services related to environmental conservation and insurance
products in preparation for natural disasters due to the intensification of natural disasters and changes in customer behavior driven by heightened awareness of environmental responsibility.
We recognize that this is our first analysis in this area, and that there is room for further reflection in strategy and risk management. In FY2021, we will expand the areas and items in scope of analysis, and continue to improve and refine our scenario analysis for the entire Group.
Risk Management
Based on the results of its scenario analysis, the Group recognizes that climate change risk may affect the Group’s finances in the medium to long term. We have added climate change risk to the category of "Risks related to external factors" as we carry out integrated risk management.
In assessment of potential investment/loan recipients, the front-line sales office and the loan-related department that conducts loan inspec- tion examine whether the loan application in question meets ESG criteria by taking into consideration ESG elements.
Going forward, we will deepen our scenario analyses across the Group and work to quantify climate change risk. In addition, we will discuss policies for investments and loans in each sector, including energy and other carbon-related businesses.
   Direct impact (devaluation of Higo Bank-held collateral)
 Indirect impact (performance deterioration due to customer sales stagnation)
  Risk event
Wind and flood disasters
 Scenario
   4°C Scenario *1
Scope of analysis
 Collateral under the “buildings” category among all real estate collateral properties owned in Kumamoto City (5,222 properties)
  Companies located in central downtown Kumamoto City (382 companies)
  Risk indicator
 Credit-related expenses (credit cost)
  Analysis results *2
· Approximately 45% of collateral properties in scope suffer flooding · Credit cost increase of ¥2.4 billion
· Approximately 90% of collateral properties in scope suffer flooding
· Credit cost increase of ¥900 million
  29 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 30

What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Initiatives for SDGs
 Numerical Targets and Goals
■ (1) Targets
Transition of CO2 Emissions
*Scope of calculation: Kyushu Financial Group Headquarters, Higo Bank, Kagoshima Bank
• Calculation of CO2 emissions conforms to the GHG Protocol, and uses the Ministry of the Environment’s Basic Guidelines on Accounting for Greenhouse Gas Emissions Throughout the
Supply Chain and the Emission Unit Values Report Ver 3.0.
• Emissions factors are per electric power company (actual values) for grid power at the location of the project and as of the most recent data at the time of calculation.
• Of Scope 3 emissions, Categories 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, and 14 were not applicable to this calculation and are zero. Category 15 is not calculated as of this document, and calculation methods
are to be explored going forward.
• Regarding Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions presented here, we have reviewed disclosure content from the integrated report issued July 2020 and refined measurement items from this.
Results of Environment-Related Investments and Loans (FY2020)
Contribution Activities for Local Communities
In addition to our main business, Kyushu Financial Group works to help realize a vigorous local community, part of our management philosophy, through human resources development, donations, volunteer activi- ties, and more.
 ■ Providing side job opportunities in mask production
In order to support individuals who have been financially affected by COVID-19, we carried out the Kumamoto Mask Project, a project bringing everyone together via side jobs in cooperation with volunteers from Kumamoto’s financial institu- tions and economic organizations. In this initiative, we purchased masks created by individuals suffering from diminished incomes, distributing these masks free of charge to businesses in the prefecture and people who would like masks. The re- sponse was enough to reach our target mask count on the first day, and by the end of the project, nearly 500,000 masks were distributed from more than 7,000 mask-makers.
Masks being packaged
Mask distribution
   Measured Item
 FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
Scope 1: Gasoline, LPG, city gas, Class A heavy oil, light oil, kerosene
 1,741
1,672
1,653
1,792
Scope 2: Electricity
11,731
10,633
8,017
9,143
 Subtotal
 13,472
12,305
9,670
10,935
Scope 3: Other items related to indirect emissions
45,478
53,147
66,947
51,058
 Total
58,950
65,452
76,617
61,993
  ■ Received Minister’s Award for Corporate Hometown Tax Payment
■ Held the Kagoshima Fair in Taiwan
In January 2021, we held the Kagoshima Fair, a tourism and product promotion project for Kagoshima in Taiwan. In addition to attracting inbound tourists in the future, we
will use this fair to explore the export
potential of products made in Ka-
goshima Prefecture and expand
Kagoshima Bank received the Minister’s Award for Corporate Home-
town Tax Payment from the Minister of State for Special Missions of
the Cabinet Office in recognition of the bank’s efforts to support mu-
nicipal governments by utilizing the corporate hometown tax pay-
ment system. The bank was recognized for its outstanding
achievements in regional revitalization, having donated more than sales channels through export
  Value of environment-related loans issued
¥12.98 billion
 Loans for renewable energy generation CO2 reduction impact
¥11.68 billion 459,090tons per year
■ (2) Targets
CO2 Emission Reduction Targets
227 million yen to nine municipalities since 2018.
■ Human resource development through the Kagin Future Creation Ideathon Program
In connection with the Kagin Future Creation Plan Contest that had been ongoing for some time, we implemented the Kagin Future Cre- ation Ideathon Program, an initiative for students to learn the basic processes of idea creation and business creation. With the future of the region in mind, we aim to cultivate human resources who have an interest in and connection to creating and commercializing ideas and new businesses for solving regional issues.
■ Tree planting activities Higo Bank
Higo Bank has planted approximately 140,000 trees since 2006 in Aso Daikan no Mori in collaboration with the Foundation for the Preservation of Green and Water Resources of Higo. Moreover, each year since 2011, to conserve groundwater and reduce abandoned farmland, we plant and harvest
rice at the Aso Mizukake no Tanada fields (Aso terraced rice paddies), promoting action to achieve a sustainable local community.
support.
■ Commended for regional vitalization support
Our two banks have been recognized for their efforts to use manga for regional vitalization and to support issue resolution through use of the foreign technical intern trainee program, commended by the Minister for Regional Revitalization and certified by the Cabinet Of- fice’s Headquarters for Revitalization of Cities, People, and Careers as distinctive initiatives among financial institutions contributing to re- gional revitalization. Going forward, we will continue to work to re- solve challenges toward regional vitalization.
Kagoshima Bank
Every year since 2012, Kagoshima Bank has participated in Kagoshi- ma Prefecture’s Kyushu Forest Day Tree Planting Festival, raising awareness of environmental conservation of Bank employees as they join tree planting activities. Based on the Kagoshima Environ- ment Partners Agreement, we
participate in the “afforestation project by companies to nur- ture the environment” along- side Kagoshima Prefecture, and also work on forest manage- ment focused on thinning.
 CO2 emissions*
By FY2023, vs. FY2019 levels -10%
(Ref )
By FY2030, vs. FY2013 levels
-46
By FY2030, vs. FY2013 levels
-60
By FY2030, vs. FY2019 levels
-30
%
% equiv. (Under Scopes 1, 2, & 3)
% equiv. (Under Scopes 1 & 2)
*Covers categories for potential of active reductions, including Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 (categories 1, 3, 4, 5, and 12).
Target for Environment-Related Investments and Loans
   Cumulative environment-related investments and loans (FY2021 to FY2030)
¥200.0 billion
31 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 32

 What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Growth Strategy
We will further deepen our financial functions by demonstrating our consulting capabilities adapting to the New Normal, such as optimizing sales structures and branches/other channels, and by providing advanced financial solution functions to support the growth of local industries.
We will build a platform in collaboration with our local communities, including industry-academia-govern- ment-finance players, and contribute to resolving challenges faced by our customers and local communities. Also, we will work to improve the value of local resources and local brands by strengthening and building a regional trading company function.
Growth Strategy Enhancement of Regional Comprehensive Financial Service Functions
Strategic Pillar I
Basic strategies
Deepening of regional comprehensive financial service functions
One-Stop Sales Structure Through Collaboration Among Banking, Brokerage, and Trust Functions
The Group launched trust operations through its banks in April 2019—the first regional financial group in Kyushu to do so in order to address the growing inheritance and asset succession needs on the back of an aging society. Furthermore, in July 2020, we launched our Adult Guard- ianship Deposit Accounts at both of our banks. In addition to Kyushu FG Securities marking its third anniversary, through collaboration be- tween banking, brokerage, and trust functions, we act as a one-stop service provider to meet customers’ needs for the financial lifecycle of
“saving, increasing, and bequeathing” assets and for inheritance. Our two banks and Kyushu FG Securities will continue to work together in an appropriate manner, as we strive to offer highly specialized financial products and services.
Strategic Pillar I
Strengthening of financial consulting capability in the New Normal
Strategic Pillar II
Support for growth of regional industry through evolving financial function
1,400 1,300
139,400
1,123.0
Mar. 2018
159,260 1,207.8
Mar. 2019
167,149 1,224.4
Mar. 2020
183,693 1,319.3
Mar. 2021
Banking “Save”
Providing one-stop financial consulting
Basic strategies
Balance of assets under management
Number of customers with contract
P34 P37 1,200 1,100
Trust “Bequeath”
Strategic Pillar I
Practicing issue resolution through collaboration with local communities
Strategic Pillar II
Strengthening and building regional trading company function
With cooperation between Higo Bank, Kagoshima Bank, and Kyushu FG Securities, we provide services that are constantly tailored to our cus- tomers’ needs and that exceed their expectations.
33 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 34
Enhancing the regional industry promotion function
1,000
Brokerage “Increase”
P39 P41
(Billions of yen) 200
44,805 143.5
(Accounts)
50,000
25,000
0
Domestic listed stocks
Stocks listed on the Tokyo and Fukuoka Stock Exchanges
Listed investment trusts
ETFs, J-REITs, etc. listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Yen-denominated bonds
Government bonds, public bonds, corporate bonds, convertible bonds, etc.
Foreign currency-denominated bonds
Bonds denominated in USD/other major currencies, bonds denominated in emerging market currencies, etc.
Structured bonds
Selling bonds incorporating various derivative transactions through public offering
Japanese domestic investment trusts
Wide variety of investment trusts meeting individual customers’ investment styles
IPO (stock listing) support service
Support in initial stages of preparation for public listing
Growth Strategy
Deepening of regional comprehensive financial service functions
Strengthening of Financial Consulting Capability in the New Normal
Assets Under Management: 183,693
Balance of Assets and Number of Customers with Contract
(Billions of yen)
(People)
200,000
150,000
100,000
50,000
0
Collaboration with Kyushu FG Securities
Product/service lineup
Kyushu FG Securities:
Balance and Number of Accounts
Product/service lineup
We will meet the needs of our customers by providing a wide variety of financial products and services.
100 20,851
94.3
60.6
0 Mar. 2019
Mar. 2020
Mar. 2021
No. of accounts
Accounts
IPO support
31,280
Stocks
Bonds
Investment trusts

 What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Growth Strategy Enhancement of Regional Comprehensive Financial Service Functions
 Initiatives in Our Trust Business
Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank launched trust operations through its banks in April 2019—the first regional financial group in Kyushu to do so—in order to address inheritance and asset succession needs given an aging society.
It has been two years since we launched full-scale services in the trust business market, and in that time we have gained recognition among customers. Going forward, we will explore the development of products and services that can adapt to the inheritance-related needs of our customers, which will diversify in the future, and cultivate specialized trust business personnel at headquarters and build expertise among our sales branch staff.
Providing Solutions According to the Life Plan of Our Customers
     Services supporting the entire process associated with will preparation: consultation, safekeeping, and execu- tion after inheritance occurs
Proxy services for customers inheriting assets, including survey of the inheritor and their assets, drafting of proper- ty inventory, account name changes, and delivery of assets
Principal-guaranteed money trusts where funds entrust- ed by customers are distributed to the pre-designated beneficiaries using simple procedures when an inheri- tance occurs
Principal-guaranteed monetary trusts where funds en- trusted by customers are donated per customer wishes each year
Principal-guaranteed monetary trusts allowing advance entrustment of asset management to a trusted party to address dementia and future health concerns
*Designated proxy trusts launched on June 21, 2021
Initiatives for Customer-Centered Business Operations
Number of Trust Contracts
Estate planning
Inheritance support
Living trust
Calendar year gift-style trust
Trust business started
Trust business started
467
5400
4300
3200
2100
100
● Collect information on customer attributes Balance of housing loans
Childbirth
Starting school
Asset building
Getting Marriage a job
Purchasing a home
Child schooling
Retirement
Second life
Renovation
Trust
Inheritance
 467
500
Branch
● Support customers solve problems through collaboration among banking, brokerage, and trust functions
Head ● Human resources development
office ● Expand and improve products and services
according to different needs
● Enhance problem-solving support website
Balance of unsecured loans
Provide products and services according to the life stage of customers
 197 129
 28 129
113
326
197
(Billions of yen)
2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
2,064.3 2,201.4
(Billions of yen)
2,301.6 120
100 89.5
80 60 40 20
2021/3 0 2016/3
100 106.9
2017/3 2018/3
113.6 112.9 110.5
       146
1,746.8 1,910.0
326
1,592.9
2016/3
      NEW
proxy trust
Designated
146 104
17
15094
28
FY2020
Inheritance support Calendar year gift-style trust
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
2020/3
2019/3 2020/3
2021/3
FY2019
17
113
Estate planning
FY2019
Estate planning Living trust
Inheritance support Calendar year gift-style trust
59
Living trust
FY2020 0
Providing New Services Adapting to Environmental Changes
 The shift to digital technologies is progressing rapidly amid the spread of COVID-19. So too will the Group take consistent action amid this environment, providing non-face-to-face services from a standpoint of strengthening digital channels in line with new lifestyles.
  FY2020
Launched Passbook Apps
FY2021
Developed the KFG Smartphone App
   In keeping with the Group’s management philosophy that we “will respond to the trust and expectations of customers and will provide the optimal and best comprehensive financial services to our customers,” we have established the Group-wide Basic Policies on Customer-Cen- tered Business Operations in order to ensure customer-centered business conduct and to further promote initiatives that will lead to the stable asset building and best interest of our customers.
We will endeavor to meet asset management needs by improving our ability to make proposals using tools like robo-advisors and life plan simulations, and conducting training.
■ Development of a structure to meet customers’ trust and expectations
• We will take consistent efforts to thoroughly educate employees about the Basic Policy on Customer-Centered Business Operations, including through training by
rank and occupation, as well as seminars for bank employees.
• We will develop self-study tools and systems supporting employee acquisition of
public qualifications in order to improve their skills in providing financial products
and services, as well as information, to our customers.
• We will review our performance evaluation system as necessary so employees are
appropriately motivated to contribute to our customers’ stable asset formation.
35 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Improved
customer convenience
New experiences and services
Solving regional challenges
戻る 更新
旅行 家計簿 買い物
健康 飲食 金融
住宅 食品 介護 ニュースリリース
Functions on service launch
■ Opening new ordinary deposit accounts
■ Checking balance/ account activity details
■ Deposits by purpose ■ Household budget
planner
                      Reducing regional environmental burden
2020.7.20 2020.7.13
「くまもと復興応援ファンド」における支援開始について (令和2年7月豪雨災害関連)
令和2年7月豪雨災害に伴うクラウドファンディング および義援金口座等のご案内
       We have launched support for applications allowing cus- tomers to inquire about their deposit account balance and account activities using their smartphones rather than a paper passbook.
Development is currently underway for a shared smart- phone app supporting both Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank. Our future goal is to develop a community-based app closely tied to our customers’ lifestyles.
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 36
2020.7.10 令和2年7月豪雨災害地への鹿児島銀行「移動ATM カー」 の派遣について
ホーム 検索 管理 マイページ
  
What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Growth Strategy Enhancement of Regional Comprehensive Financial Service Functions
 Growth Strategy
Deepening of regional comprehensive financial service functions
Providing Business Feasibility Evaluation-Driven Consulting
Support for growth of regional industry through evolving financial function
    In supporting the sustainable growth of the region, we are engaged in consulting driven by business feasibility evaluations.
Through deep dialogue with customers, the KFG Group will work in unison to provide advanced levels of consulting, including for business
succession, M&A, and support for business improvement.
Initiatives for Local Revitalization
The Group is collaborating with municipalities and relevant organizations on messaging that promotes the region’s various attractions.
Since September 2020, Higo Bank has been engaged in branding and expansion of sales channels to overseas markets for Kuma Shochu in collaboration with the District Economics Research Institute of Kumamoto Area.
At Kagoshima Bank, with the opening of YOCADO KAGOSHIMA (a facility for lively inter- action) at the head office building in May 2020, the fusion and development of people, services, and goods connected to Kagoshima offers a narrative about local charms through the five senses with the goal of creating a new bustling hub in Kagoshima where liveliness and new value can be born for the entire city. In addition, in January 2021, Ka- goshima Bank received the minister’s award for the local revitalization support tax system (corporate hometown tax payment) in recognition of the bank’s activities to promote utilization of this system.
Our two banks have been commended by the Minister for Regional Revitalization and certified by the Cabinet Office’s Headquarters for Revitalization of Cities, People, and Ca- reers for distinctive initiatives among financial institutions contributing to regional revital- ization. Higo Bank was certified in March 2021 for support and tourist attraction measures in its initiatives to support regional revitalization and promotion of migration and settle- ment from domestic and overseas locations using manga comics in Takamori, Aso Dis- trict, Kumamoto Prefecture. Kagoshima Bank was certified in May 2020 for support in resolving personnel-related issues through its foreign technical intern trainee program.
We will continue to actively contribute to achieving local revitalization in collaboration with relevant institutions.
Initiatives for Tourism
The Group supports tourism promotion and regional vitalization by utilizing the region’s tourism resources and developing/disseminating new tourism content.
Utilizing the Ministry of the Environment’s FY2020 (Supplementary Budget) Promotion Project for Attracting Tourists to National and Qua- si-National Parks, both of our banks are working to build tourism programs and conduct messaging about tourism.
From September 2020 to February 2021, Higo Bank conducted a joint project in collaboration with KUMAMOTO DMC Co., Ltd. to create a nature experience program in Aso-Kuju National Park, create promotional videos, and hold monitor tours.
From July to October 2020, Kagoshima Bank developed and promoted activity programs offering a tour where guests can visit Mt. Takachiho, Kirishima-jingu Shrine, Mt. Karakuni and the Ebino Plateau in the Kirishima area of Kirishima Kinkowan National Park in a single visit, and con- ducted monitor tours for these.
Going forward, we will continue to discover tourism resources in each local area through similar efforts and promote regional vitalization by expanding the flow of population in and out of the region.
                  Kyushu FG Securities
SDGs consulting
Higo Bank launched its SDGs consulting business in April 2020. The bank supports local companies by utilizing the SDG Compass (a corporate code of conduct for the SDGs) to promote their under- standing of the SDGs, connect their business ac- tivities to the same, and help coordinate activities appealing to external parties about their initia- tives for the SDGs.
1,282 325
Number of cases of successful M&A, business succession, business matching
2,000
1,000 568
1,844
2021/3
Agriculture, healthcare business consulting
At the Kagoshima Bank, we have launched consulting services (business due dili- gence, business plan formulation support) for the purpose of deepening business feasibility evaluations for the livestock industry, improving consulting capabilities, strengthening relationships with customers, and more.
In the healthcare and nursing care fields, we have enhanced healthcare succes- sion support, bed function conversion support, business due diligence, and work style reform support, and provide an assortment of solutions that are effective in tackling urgent issues for healthcare and nursing care businesses.
    0 2018/3 2019/3
2020/3
     Initiatives in the Fields of Agriculture, Forestry, and Fisheries
  The Group is enhancing its support for customers’business expansion utilizing the respective strengths of two banks in the fields of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries industries and sharing their know-how.
In February 2021, Higo Bank collaborated with the Kumamoto Prefecture Product Promotion Association to hold the Kumamoto Bussan Online Business Conference, matching producers of agricultural and marine products in Kumamoto Prefecture with food-related buyers such as supermarkets and e-commerce websites outside the prefecture.
Since June 2020, Kagoshima Bank has been using its efforts to support agricultural and marine product producers and to resolve food loss problems to provide ongoing food ingredient donations to children’s cafeterias. These donations serve to not only support the children, who are the future of the region, but also for food education through use of products made in Kagoshima Prefecture.
The two banks will continue to work together to turn the fields of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries into growth industries and revitalize the local economy.
Lending balance to agriculture, forestry, and fishery businesses
  (Billions of yen)
   120
   100
    80
    60
    40
    20
102.2 86.0
106.2
107.5
        37
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 38
Demonstrating synergy effects from skill/expertise-sharing in the KFG Group
Business succession/M&A
Business improvement support
Funds/medical institution bonds/etc.
Business founding/ opening support
Business matching Overseas business support
Healthcare and nursing care business support
Agriculture business support
ICT consulting Personnel placement IPO support SDGs consulting
 84.2
96.3
   0 2016/3
2017/3 2018/3
2019/3
2020/3
2021/3
Largest loan balance
among regional banks
Strategic Pillar II

   What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Strategic Pillar Enhancing the Regional Industry Promotion Function
 Growth Strategy
Enhancing the regional industry promotion function
Regional Revitalization Beyond Financial Frameworks
Practicing issue resolution through collaboration with local communities
Major Priority Measures for FY2021
     Supporting core businesses and expanding sales for key industries in the prefecture
● Demonstration of function of promoting industries in agriculture
● Creating industry clusters and discovering business opportunities
● Strengthening collaboration with external business partners
Practicing regional challenge resolution through industry-government-academia-banking collaboration
● Joint promotion of local revitalization projects with partners
    Collaboration with municipalities for local revitalization
● Planning and execution of regional vitalization measures in collabo- ration with KER
● Cooperation with and support of regional vitalization companies Fostering and vitalizing regional industries through
external collaboration
● Collaborative business planning and execution with external partners
● Promotion of human resources matching and foreign technical
intern trainee programs
● Providing solutions for primary industry business operators
  The Group’s three home prefectures (Kumamoto, Kagoshima, and Miyazaki) face social issues such as an aging and declining population. Under these circumstances, the Group is actively engaged in non-financial businesses as well as its conventional financial functions in order to create a future for the local community and contribute to the vitalization of the region.
Specifically, we are actively working to improve the value of regional brands by making maximum use of local resources, including building flow of goods (distribution/sales channels), returning money (funds) to the region, and the flow of people (tourists/migrants/settlers). These efforts are focused on key industries in the region, like the primary industries, as well as tourism.
With a sense of purpose knowing that our actions will continue to help shape the future of the region, we will work alongside our customers and those in the local community to vitalize the region, including entering the crowdfunding business and personnel placement business (including for side jobs).
  Co-creation of regional value
       Implementing various functions in a digital platform
Community building
Expanding overseas sales channels
Business succession
Solving regional challenges
Regional shift to digital
Personnel shortages
Generating business/ employment, etc.
Stronger existing consulting functions, evolution through new development
Initiatives for Start-up and New Business Areas
The Kyushu Financial Group is stepping up its efforts in the business start-up and new business areas as part of its attempt to improve its con- sulting service menu for business operators.
In July 2020, Higo Bank held the Kumamoto Tech Grand Prix, supporting the creation of new businesses and fostering entrepreneurs looking to change the world from Kumamoto and armed with next-generation technologies and strong passions, in the interest of creation of na- ture-friendly industries like agricultural biotechnology.
Kagoshima Bank has signed a Collaboration Agreement on Local Revitalization Initiatives with eight universities and schools in Kagoshima Prefecture, and from October 2020 to February 2021, it held the Kagin Future Creation Ideathon Program for cultivating next-generation hu- man resources and generating new businesses in the region.
In addition, both banks have launched matching services connecting regional enterprises with urban talent seeking side jobs in partnership with Higin Office Business Co., Ltd. and Skill Shift Co., Ltd., and are working to solve management issues by utilizing side business human resources.
We will continue to engage in initiatives that will help revitalize the region through the growth of local companies and employment creation by supporting business start-ups, existing businesses undergoing an overhaul under new management, and the development of new businesses.
Illustration of scheme for utilizing urban talent seeking side jobs
      Platform for Solving Issues (Fusion of Real and Digital)
      Priority measures
Building a regional digital platform
Regional public organizations
Financial institutions
Banking
Industry
Schools
Agriculture, forestry, fisheries
Real estate, leasing
Electricity, waterworks, gas
Wholesale Retail
Local community
Priority measures
Evolving consulting function
   Public
Academia
       Health care and nursing care
Tourism Accommodation
Construction
  Online check-ups
Distributing event information
Personnel placement
Website creation, etc.
E-commerce malls
Contributing to promotion of regional industries
KFG
Generating new business
Research and consulting Support for adopting ICT Personnel education
consulting
Supporting sales channel expansion
Supporting solving regional challenges
          Manufacturing
  Information and communications
Transportation Postal
    1
Management challenges
Support
Higin Office Business Co., Ltd.
2
Job posting
3
Application
   4 Direct outsourcing contract
 39
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 40
Urban talent
(Seeking regional side jobs)
Regional enterprises
Strategic Pillar I

 What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Strategic Pillar Enhancing the Regional Industry Promotion Function
Growth Strategy
Enhancing the regional industry promotion function
Strengthening Regional Trading Company Function
Strengthening and building regional trading company function
Support for overseas business- es and wide-area development Assisting customers entering overseas
markets and strengthening local support Supporting sales channel expansion
Leveraging mutual information sharing at overseas Group branches in China and Taiwan (Greater China)
Gathering and disseminating local information
Supporting business development for enterprises entering the local market, primarily local enterprises
Support for growing exports, promot- ing tourism and exchange
The Group’s banks have worked to promote agriculture, forestry, and fisheries industries as well as tourism, which are key industries in the re- gion, in partnership with Haruichiban Co., Ltd. (an agricultural corporation based in Hioki City, Kagoshima Prefecture) and KUMAMOTO DMC Co., Ltd.
In our current medium-term management plan, we will work to expand sales channels for regional products, establish a regional trading company model, build commercial distribution for overseas businesses, and so on. By doing this, we will seek to strengthen and build the re- gional trading company function, with the goal of increasing the value of regional resources and brands.
● Development of new services that connect local areas and urban areas
■ Branding in collaboration with consultants, universities, municipalities, etc.
■ Expansion of sales channels for regional products (via e-commerce,
overseas networks such as China, Taiwan, ASEAN, etc.)
■ Primary industry solutions (management personnel, adoption of ICT on
farms, etc.)
■ Support for local events to attract tourists
■ Regional vitalization for achievement of the Regional Comprehensive
Strategy (in collaboration with the Kyushu Economic Research and others)
■ Business promotion for increasing those aimed at increasing those using
community-based tourism
Establishment of a Crowdfunding Company
Increasing the value of regional resources/branding
The Philippines ■
Greater China
■Hong Kong
●●Shanghai Okinawa
●Taipei
● Various research and analysis utilizing the General Research Office
Tokyo Osaka
[Tokyo and Osaka]
Fukuoka
[Fukuoka]
  Enhancing sales and information center functions in Fukuoka ● Promotion of northern Kyushu strategy
● Support for customers’ sales channel expansion
[Okinawa]
● Reinforcing sales promotion structure (Opened the second branch of Kagoshima Bank in July 2018)
● Enhancing information intermediation function and
developing networks (information collaboration)
Support export of agricultural and livestock products taking advantage of Naha Airport’s hub functions
Expansion of local business partner support network
Providing local financial services utiliz- ing non-tie-up banks
Discovering partners for supporting lo- cal market entry and sales channel expansion
● Support customers through collaboration among banking, brokerage, and trust functions
● Find partners who can help invigorate Kyushu’s economy
● Kyushu Financial Group Fukuoka Building completed (Jul. 2019)
Tourism Agriculture
Strategic Pillar II
In May 2020, we launched operations at Glocal Crowdfunding Inc. (GCF), a crowdfunding company, through joint funding with Music Securi- ties, Inc., Kumamoto Dai-ichi Shinkin Bank, and Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc.
By using the crowdfunding method, GCF aims to supply businesses in Kyushu with growth funds to solve regional issues. In order to turn the resources and ideas of local communities into businesses, we will serve as a bridge that connects the empathy and capital of investors across Japan with enterprise owners, contributing to the development of a sustainable local economy.
The Group works in unison to support the wide-area expansion of our customers’ businesses.
As part of the Group’s activities to support the overseas expansion of customers, both of our banks held the Overseas Expansion Support
Seminar for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises in Kumamoto and Kagoshima in February 2021 for customers interested in entering or ex- tending their sales channels into overseas markets. The objective of these seminars was to provide support in solving business challenges faced by our customers through the provision of information on case studies of companies operating business overseas.
In addition, we will work to strengthen our collaboration with our branch in the Fukuoka Building, completed in July 2019, and the two Kagoshima Bank branches in Okinawa Prefecture, further utilizing these as the Group’s sales and information bases in Kyushu and Okinawa.
Business model: Glocal Crowdfunding Inc.
Investors
(Individuals/ institutions)
¥ Funding
Bridging role connecting empathy and capital
Return (dividends, goods/services)
Business operators
Individuals companies, organizations
■ Broadening initiative projects
In FY2020, we focused on purchase-based and donation-based activities, including di- saster support in Kumamoto Prefecture. From December, we started new invest- ment-based projects.
■ New restaurant project: Promoting Kumamoto craft beer
We allocated funds for operating expenses of a restaurant to open in Amu Plaza Kuma- moto, located inside the JR Kumamoto Sta- tion Building and which opened on April 23, 2021.
Balance of Foreign Exchange Transactions
Fukuoka District: Balance of Loans
(Billions of yen)
500 390.4 446.0 400
300 200 100
0 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3 2021/3
Okinawa District: Balance of Loans
Ongoing projects (as of July 21 2021)
791
739
41 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 42
To abroad
To Japanese markets
■ Vietnam ASEAN
Build flow of goods (distribution/ sales channels)
Return of money (funds) to the region
Flow of people (tourists/migrants/settlers)
■ Thailand
● Higo Bank’s overseas bases
● Kagoshima Bank’s overseas bases ■ Banks not in tie-ups
Malaysia Singapore
■ Indonesia
(Millions of U.S. dollars)
600 559.4
(Billions of yen)
150 100 50
142.1
103.2 60.4
1,000 800 600 400 200 0
874
936
897
488.5 539.5
2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3 2021/3
0 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3 2021/3
13.4
31.0

   What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Measures to address COVID-19
Given the impact of COVID-19 on local economies, and in accordance with the Group management philosophy, the Group positions the safety and security of our customers, local communities and employees as our top priority. We are committed to creating a society that is resilient to pandem- ics in order to achieve economic recovery and realize vibrant local commu- nities in cooperation with our customers and local residents.
Financial Support
Establishing consultation desks
Addressing the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020
  ■ Concept behind our approach to combat COVID-19
The Group provides support to those who have suffered harm from the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020.
We have set up temporary consultation desks so that we can swiftly and appropriately respond to customer requests, and we provide sup-
port to business operators through the utilization of emergency short-term funds in collaboration with Kumamoto Credit Guarantee and other resources. We also dispatched the HarmoniCar bank on wheels from Higo Bank and mobile ATM vehicles from Kagoshima Bank to the affected areas. Furthermore, the Kyushu Financial Group continues to offer reconstruction and recovery support for our customers through a wide range of issue resolution, including holding briefing sessions about the Nariwai Reconstruction Support Subsidy.
 Stages
Growth
Recovery
Emergency response
Vibrant local community
  Short term
Medium Long term term
Timeline
  For customers who have been directly or indirectly affected by COVID-19, or who may be affected in the future, we have set up consultation desks at all sales branches, as well as a toll-free telephone hotline. Customers may use these to consult with us about needed funds and chang- ing repayment conditions, which we swiftly and thoroughly address.
Cumulative investments and loans related to the heavy rain disaster (Includes business funding/loans)
Volunteers dispatched
Customers visited
3,253 customers
177 customers ¥2,237 million
Approx.1,100
   Expanding investment/loan scope for existing funds and expanding investment functions
We will provide more flexible and wide-ranging support to business operators affected by COVID-19, such as with reduced sales, by es- tablishing a stronger support framework.
Loans related to COVID-19
Business funding: Amount and number of loans (as of March 31, 2021)
Launched subordinated loans in collaboration with Japan Finance Corporation
We will provide financial support to business operators whose busi- ness performance has deteriorated with the aim of enhancing their damaged financial base (stronger capital and funding procurement) so that they can overcome the difficult business environment.
Establishing temporary consultation desks
    Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises, Etc.
  Loans issued: ¥285.5 billion
Borrowers: 11,091
Separate consultation
Loans
Co-financing
Subordinated loans to combat COVID-19
Separate consultation
   (Billions of yen)
300.0
200.0
9,031
226.4
Sep.2020
11,091 285.5
Mar. 2021
Borrowers
(Amount)
10,000 5,000 0
Communication/ information exchange
Japan Finance Corporation
100.0
2,327 0 58.7
Apr. 2020
6,207 147.9
Jun.2020
Loans
Issuing preventive allowances
(Billions of yen)
14.7
Year ended March 31, 2021
 On the non-financial side, Higo Bank participated in the Kumamoto Mask Project, a project bringing everyone together via side jobs, purchasing masks handmade by those affected by decreasing in- come and other issues, and distributing these masks to business operators, organizations, and indi- viduals in Kumamoto Prefecture for free. At Kagoshima Bank, we have launched a service for electronic issuance of regional promotion vouchers and gift vouchers using the Paydon cashless app, as we take action to contribute to regional economic vitalization and prevention of the spread of COVID-19.
In addition, in order to support healthcare workers, we donated ¥100 yen to the medical associa- tions in both Kumamoto and Kagoshima prefectures for each shareholder who exercised their voting rights in advance at the General Meeting of Shareholders last year.
Furthermore, as part of our support for the reconstruction of local economies affected by COVID-19, as well as for local revitalization projects, both of our banks paid a total of ¥200 million yen in dona- tions via corporate hometown tax to Kumamoto and Kagoshima Prefectures in September 2020.
Going forward, we will continue our proactive action for the realization of sustainable local communities.
Credit expenses (KFG, consolidated)
Volunteering in affected areas
The HarmoniCar bank on wheels
A mobile ATM vehicle
3. Efforts for creating a future for the local community
2. Efforts for helping revitalize regional economy
 1. Efforts on customers’ business continuity and maintenance of living
   Recorded ample allowance provision as a preventive measure amid the spread of COVID-19
3.9
Year ended March 31, 2019
1.7
Year ended March 31, 2020
Support for Recovery from Heavy Rains
We have opened a new facility in the liveliness creation space on the first floor of the Higo Bank’s Hitoyoshi Branch, serving as a base for recovery from the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020 and for regional vitalization. This facility provides local child-rearing sup- port and forums for exchange, exhibits panels conveying the state of reconstruction and the appeal of the Hitoyoshi Kuma area, and hosts mini-events related to disaster prevention education and awareness-raising activities. In addition, Higo Office Busi- ness Co., Ltd., in collaboration with local municipalities and enterprises, is engaged in a Kumamoto Gamadasu! side-job project supporting creative recovery after the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020, connecting enterprises in the affected area with urban talent. Our aim is to revitalize enterprises in the affected areas by introducing highly capable urban talent who are seeking side jobs to these enterprises that are facing difficulties. Going forward, we will continue to work as a unified Group, striving to aid recovery and reconstruction in the affected areas alongside our customers.
  Non-Financial Support
    43 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 44

 What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Digital Transformation Initiatives Aimed at Digital Society
The social environment is changing drastically due to the dramatic advance of digital technology. These changes are expected to accelerate further with shifting lifestyles driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, further declining birthrates and an aging population, and the entry into society of the digital-native Generation Z. In order to respond swiftly to changes in the environment, the Group has established “promoting DX toward a digital society” as a basic digital strategy. Under this strategy, we will take strong action toward digital transformation from the dual aspects of improving productivity through internal process reforms and of providing new experiences and services for our customers and communities, including reforming our cus- tomer touchpoints.
Initiatives for the Regional Shift to Digital
Local areas face issues like population decline, declining birthrates, and aging population. Along with the economic impact from the spread of COVID-19, the future outlook is uncertain.
Amid these environmental changes, we are focusing our efforts on ICT consulting for our customers who do business in the region, including support for implementing telecommuting, and support for implementing RPA in Group collaboration with think-tanks. In ad- dition, we have introduced the Big Advance management support
About the KFG Smartphone App
We have begun development of a Group-wide finance app target- ing primarily digital native customers in the region, with functions such as improved convenience when opening new accounts and household budget management. Going forward, we will enhance non-financial functions rooted in the needs of the region, build up a
App Features
Opening ordinary deposit accounts Household budget planner Deposits by purpose Recommendations
platform to strengthen non-face-to-face communication in re- sponding to funding procurement, personnel shortages, adapting to the shift to digital, and other diversifying challenges faced by our customers who are doing business.
Furthermore, we are taking action to vitalize the region, such as launching digital regional promotion vouchers and a version of the hometown tax payment portal site for enterprises, for the purpose of assisting municipality efforts for local revitalization.
digital platform that serves as an ecosystem for the region with the collaboration and integration of many business operators, and de- velop services that contribute to the resolution of challenges faced by the region and to its development.
Building a Regional Digital Platform
The Group is working to strengthen the func- tions of its non-face-to-face services, such as our traditionally popular ATMs, as well as ap- plying digital technologies for our sales branches, which are important touchpoints with our customers. We are also taking ac- tion to develop smartphone apps which are expected to become even more important, evolve the functions of our omnichannel contact center, and enhance the functional- ity of our electronic payments, which in- crease convenience for our customers.
Our regional digital platform creates links via digital technologies between channels and between each channel and regional customers. It accumulates and utilizes data to enhance the level of our services.
Implementing Digital Technology in Customer Touchpoints
We are working toward the adoption of digital technologies in trans- actions at physical branches, including the use of branch tablets to cut out paper and physical stamps and seals from these transactions, reducing the customer’s burden in filling out documents and miti- gating our environmental burden.
By having the customer use tablets to directly enter content re- quired for the various forms needed for deposit transactions and no- tifications, we reduce the hassle of form entry, stamping, and signing.
This also leads to significant reduction in bank employee opera- tions related to these various procedures, leading to more efficient sales branch clerical operations. We will strive to strengthen our customer touchpoints
Regional customers
e
l
c
y
c
e
C
u
s
f
t
o
i
m
l
e
r
r
l
e
i
f
e
c
m
y
c
o
l
t
e
s
u
C
by evolving our sales branches from places focused on clerical pa- perwork to places where we can build stronger links with our customers.
Digital Branch Transactions
from their homes and workplaces, which will im- prove their convenience.
Non-Face-to-Face Services
*Smart Code is a scheme whereby JCB provides unified payment information processing center and affiliate merchant contract processes linking code payment operators and merchants. This leads to reduced burden for the operators and merchants and safe and secure payment for consumers.
45 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 46
Reduced form burden (Paperless)
Reduced paperwork strengthens customer touchpoints
Enhanced ATM functions
Remote consultation desk
Branch channels
©2010 Kumamoto Prefecture, Kumamon #K20448
Electronic payment
Contact center
Non- face-to-face
Regional shift to digital
Regional digital platform
Smartphone apps
eKYC (electronic identity verification)
Improved convenience in household budget management through tracking of account activity Supporting customers achieving their dreams through savings with defined goals Promoting behavioral changes through recommendations based on data such as income, expenditure, and usage status
Initiatives for Non-Face-to-Face Services
Self-service banking has come into even greater demand amid the COVID-19 pandemic.
In our initiatives for non-face-to-face channels, we are strengthen- ing a variety of functions available to customers at our ever-popular ATMs, including reissuing passbooks, canceling time deposits, and restoring magnetic malfunctions of cash cards.
In addition, we have established remote consultation desks cus- tomers can use for inheritance consultation services, which have seen increasing usage in recent years.
Alongside this, we are also developing new non-face-to-face com- munication tools. Customers will be able to apply for various services
Phone E-mail
App Chat
Contact center
Phone E-mail
App
Evolution of Contact Center Functions
As digital technologies advance and custom- er communication methods diversify, non- phone (voice) contacts are increasing. We will strive to evolve our contact center through the adoption of digital technologies, seeking to strengthen omnichannel touch- points with our customers, such as phone, e-mail, and chat.
Illustration of contact center functions
Social media, texts, banner ads, etc.
Website
Expanding Electronic Payment Service Functions
We are expanding the number of shops accepting the Kumamon IC card, including Amu Plaza Kumamoto which opened in April of 2021. We are also holding ad-hoc campaigns to promote customer use of the card.
In addition, from July of 2021, the QR code-based Paydon cashless payment service newly supports the Smart Code* QR/barcode pay- ment scheme operated by JCB Co., Ltd. This new support enables use of the Kumamon IC card at all merchants accepting Smart Code nationwide, in addition to those accepting Paydon, primarily located
in Kagoshima Prefecture.
Website
Chat

 Business Foundation for Value Creation
Corporate Governance
1. Basic Philosophy on Corporate Governance
The Group complies with laws and regulations and ensures appropriate business decision-making and the execution of operations to realize its management philosophy, and strives to achieve a high degree of management transparency, openness to the public, and soundness of operation to enhance corporate governance.
Corporate governance system of the Group
   General Meeting of Shareholders
   Appointment/Dismissal
Accounting Auditor
Appointment/Dismissal
Audit and Supervisory Committee
Directors Who Also Serve as Audit and Supervisory Committee Members
Appointment/Dismissal
Board of Directors
Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members
    Accounting Audit Collaboration
Audit/Supervision
Consultation/Report
              2. Our Basic Stance on the Corporate Governance System
(1) We clearly define supervision and execution in order to estab- lish an environment that allows the Board of Directors to focus on the supervision of the performance of Directors’ duty, there- by ensuring the effectiveness of corporate governance.
(2) The Board of Directors delegates decision-making on the exe- cution of individual operations to Senior Management wherev- er possible unless it involves matters specified in laws and regulations or the articles of incorporation, or material matters of execution of operations such as policies, strategies, or plans pertaining to the company’s operation.
(3) We have in place and leverage optional internal bodies, includ- ing the Group Management Council and other various com- mittees, in order to support Senior Management in prompt and decisive decision-making, thereby ensuring flexible execu- tion of operations and enhancing our corporate governance.
(4) We leverage objective views offered by our outside officers wherever possible in order to ensure the fairness and transpar- ency of our decision-making process pertaining to our operation.
Group Management Council
Office of the Audit and Supervisory Committee
Audit Report
Audit Division
Audit
Nominating and Remuneration Committee
Committees
Comprehensive Budgeting Committee
ALM Committee
CR Committee
Organizational Integration and Headquarters Building Construction Committee
New Business Development Committee Digital Innovation Committee Sustainability Promotion Committee
          Internal Audit
Internal Audit
  Presentation/Report
      3. The Reason for Adopting a Structure of a Company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee
The Company has adopted the format of a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee based on the determination that increasing the speed and efficiency of decision making through the delegation of authority to further improve discussion of medium- to long-term man- agement strategy in the Board of Directors made up of 15 Directors (including five Outside Directors), and increasing the supervisory functions of the Board of Directors by establishing an Audit and Supervisory Committee with a majority of members who are Outside Directors and granting voting rights in the Board of Directors to Directors who also serve as Audit and Supervisory Committee members (hereinafter referred to as “Audit and Supervisory Committee members”) is appropriate for strengthening corporate governance.
4. Efforts to Enhance Corporate Governance
We have taken the following actions to establish solid corporate governance in accordance with the aforementioned Basic Philosophy on Corporate Governance.
Divisions
          The Higo Bank Group
Discussion/Report
The Kagoshima Bank Group
Business Management
Kyushu FG Securities
Kyushu Accounting Service
  (1) We have introduced the executive officer system in order to separate the “functions of business decision-making and su- pervising the performance of Directors’ duty” for which Direc- tors should be responsible and the “function of executing operations” for which Executive Officers should be responsible. The separation has led to clear definitions of Directors’ and Ex- ecutive Officers’ roles and responsibilities, systematically en- abling flexible and efficient execution of operations.
(2) We appoint more than one outside officer (i.e., five Outside Di- rectors) to leverage their objective views wherever possible, thereby ensuring the fairness and transparency of our deci- sion-making process pertaining to our operation.
(3) We have established the Office of the Audit and Supervisory Com- mittee with dedicated staff to assist with the duties of the Audit and Supervisory Committee and Audit and Supervisory Commit- tee members in an effort to ensure efficient performance of
duties and independence of Audit and Supervisory Committee
and Audit and Supervisory Committee members.
(4) We have the Nominating and Remuneration Committee as the advisory body to the Board of Directors in order to make our decision-making process fairer and more transparent, through
focused discussions and exchanges of opinions between Rep- resentative Directors and outside officers about matters per- taining to the nomination of and remuneration to our Directors and Executive Officers.
(5) The Company’s officer in charge of the Audit Division and Gen- eral Manager of the Audit Division concurrently serve in three companies with subsidiary banks, with the aim of an internal audit system that contributes to strengthening governance by enhancing audit quality due to implementing audits with a common viewpoint and increasing the number of items sub- ject to audits.
The following are the links to our corporate governance-related documents: https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/company/governance
● Corporate Governance Framework:
● Corporate Governance Guidelines (PDF) ● Corporate Governance Reports (PDF)
5. Policy on Appointment of Directors (Reasons for Appointment)
 47
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 48
(1) Policy on appointment/reasons for appointment of Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members Candidates for Director other than Audit and Supervisory Com- mittee members are selected at the Board of Directors and are appointed at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Candidates for Director other than Audit and Supervisory Com- mittee members are selected in accordance with the policy stat- ed below, provided that they fulfill the requirements provided under laws and regulations:
- Select a well-balanced mix of candidates for Director other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members from within the
Group who has knowledge, experience, and skills in the fields of operation, sales, and management in financial operations, and is well versed in the economic and social situations.
- Select several Outside Director candidates other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members who have the knowledge, experience, and skills in the fields that should be complement- ed from the viewpoint of group management, and do not con- flict with the Independence Standards established by the Group (see below).

Business Foundation for Value Creation
Corporate Governance
   Name
  Sumihiro Matsuyama
Yoshihisa Kasahara
Eichi Eto
Norihisa Akatsuka
Hiroyuki Tanaka
Yasunari Iwatate
Takahiro Kai
Motohiro Kamimura
Katsuaki Watanabe
Yuji Nemoto
Reasons for appointment of Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Since becoming Chairman of the Board of the Company in 2019, Sumihiro Matsuyama has supervised the general management of the Group, and has also driven the management of The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd., a Group subsidiary, as its President since 2019. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services, the Company believes that he can contribute to the Group’s further development, and it has therefore appointed him as Director.
Since becoming President of the Company in 2019, Yoshihisa Kasahara has supervised the general management of the Group, and has also driven the management of The Higo Bank, Ltd., a Group subsidiary, as its President since 2018. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services, the Company believes that he can contribute to the Group’s further develop- ment, and it has therefore appointed him as Director.
Since the Company’s establishment in 2015, as General Manager of Compliance/Risk Management Division (currently Compliance and Risk Management Division), Eichi Eto has worked to enhance the Company’s compliance structure and integrated risk management structure. Furthermore, since this April, he has been in charge of corporate planning, public relations / IR, and personnel / general affairs, and strived to promote various measures as Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services, the Company believes that he can contribute to the Group’s further development, and it has therefore appointed him as Director.
Since the Company’s establishment in 2015, as General Manager of Operations Administration / IT Management Division (currently Digital Innovation Division), Norihisa Akatsuka has worked to establish IT strategies and improve the efficiency of administration operations. Further- more, since this April, he has been in charge of business strategy and digital innovation, and has strived to promote various measures as Di- rector and Senior Executive Officer. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services, the Company believes that he can contribute to the Group’s further development, and it has therefore appointed him as Director.
At The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd., a Group subsidiary, Hiroyuki Tanaka has served in various roles, including Chief of branches, General Manager of General Affairs Division, and Corporate Auditor (full-time). Furthermore, since June 2020, he has been in charge of audit and has strived to promote various measures as Director and Managing Executive Officer. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services, the Company believes that he can contribute to the Group’s further development, and it has therefore appointed him as Director.
At The Higo Bank, Ltd., a Group subsidiary, Yasunari Iwatate has served in various roles, including Chief of branch; Director, Executive Officer and General Manager of Personnel Division; and Director, Senior Executive Officer and General Manager of General Planning Division. Further- more, since this April, he has been in charge of compliance and risk management and has strived to promote various measures as Managing Executive Officer. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services, the Company believes that he can contribute to the Group’s further development, and it has therefore appointed him as Director.
Since the Company’s establishment in 2015 to 2019, Takahiro Kai has supervised the general management of the Group as Chairman of the Board, and has also driven the management of The Higo Bank, Ltd., a Group subsidiary, as its President since 2009, and as Chairman since 2018. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services, the Company believes that he can contribute to the Group’s further development, and it has therefore appointed him as Director.
Since the Company’s establishment in 2015 to 2019, Motohiro Kamimura supervised the general management of the Group as President, and has also driven the management of The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd., a Group subsidiary, as its President since 2010 and as Chairman since 2019. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services, the Company believes that he can contribute to the Group’s further development, and it has therefore appointed him as Director.
Because the Company judges that, based on the rich experience, broad insight, and knowledge that Katsuaki Watanabe has developed as a top executive of a leading manufacturer, he can supervise the general management of the Group from an objective and neutral standpoint, the Company has appointed him as Outside Director. Furthermore, he does not infringe on the independence standards established by the stock exchanges, and he also meets the “Outside Officer Independence Standards” established by the Company.
Because the Company judges that, based on the rich experience, broad insight and knowledge that Yuji Nemoto has developed being in- volved in regional policy as a university professor and as an expert in public policy, urban development and regional development, he can supervise the general management of the Group from an objective and neutral standpoint, the Company has appointed him as Outside Di- rector. Furthermore, he does not infringe on the independence standards established by the stock exchanges, and he also meets the “Outside Officer Independence Standards” established by the Company.
In addition to taking on the role of Corporate Auditor at The Higo Bank, Ltd., now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, in 2017, Yuichi Ta- nabe assumed the role of Corporate Auditor (full-time) of the Company in 2018, and has conducted appropriate audits of compliance systems and business management of the Company and the Group. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services as well as appropriate knowledge of finance and accounting, the Company believes that he can contribute to ensuring the soundness of the Group, and it has therefore appointed him as Audit and Supervisory Committee member.
At The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd., a Group subsidiary, Masahide Kitanosono has served in various roles, including Chief of branches, Head of Cor- porate Support Office, Credit Division, Executive Officer and General Manager of Medical Practice Support Division and assumed the role of Corporate Auditor (full-time) of the bank this April. Because he possesses abundant knowledge, rich experience, and high ability in the field of financial services as well as appropriate knowledge of finance and accounting, the Company believes that he can contribute to ensuring the soundness of the Group, and it has therefore appointed him as Audit and Supervisory Committee member.
Because the Company judges that, based on the rich experience, broad insight, and knowledge that Kenichi Sekiguchi has developed as a top executive of a leading financial institution, he can audit the financial soundness of the Group from an objective and neutral standpoint, the Company has appointed him as outside Audit and Supervisory Committee member. Furthermore, he does not infringe on the independence standards established by the stock exchanges, and he also meets the “Outside Officer Independence Standards” established by the Company.
Because the Company judges that, based on the rich experience, broad insight, and knowledge that Katsuro Tanaka has developed as an at- torney, he can audit the financial soundness of the Group from an objective and neutral standpoint, the Company has appointed him as outside Audit and Supervisory Committee member. Furthermore, he does not infringe on the independence standards established by the stock exchanges, and he also meets the “Outside Officer Independence Standards” established by the Company.
Because the Company judges that, based on the rich experience, broad insight, and knowledge that Yuko Tashima has developed as a pros- ecutor and attorney, she can audit the financial soundness of the Group from an objective and neutral standpoint, the Company has appoint- ed her as outside Audit and Supervisory Committee member. Furthermore, he does not infringe on the independence standards established by the stock exchanges, and he also meets the “Outside Officer Independence Standards” established by the Company.
Yuichi Tanabe
  Masahide Kitanosono
  Kenichi Sekiguchi
  Katsuro Tanaka
  Yuko Tashima
       49
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 50
(2) Policy on appointment/reasons for appointment of
Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Candidates for Audit and Supervisory Committee member are selected at the Board of Directors with the consent of the Audit and Supervisory Committee and are appointed at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Candidates for Audit and Supervisory Committee member are selected in accordance with the policy stated below, provided that they fulfill the requirements provided under laws and regulations:
- Select at least one Audit and Supervisory Committee member candidate from within the Group who has knowledge, experi- ence, and skills in the fields of operation, sales, and manage- ment in financial operations and is well versed in the economic and social situations, as well as has appropriate knowledge about finance and accounting.
- In addition to possessing the knowledge that should be com- plemented from the viewpoint of group management, a ma- jority of the total number of candidates for Outside Audit and Supervisory Committee member shall not conflict with the In- dependence Standards established by the Group (see below).
(3) Outside Officer Independence Standards
1. An outside officer must not be an executive director, an execu- tive officer, or an employee of the Company or a Group compa- ny (hereinafter referred to as “person who executes business”), and he or she must not have been a person who executes busi- ness at any time in the past ten (10) years. Furthermore, an out- side officer must not be a director, an auditor, an accounting advisor, an executive officer, a corporate executive officer, or an employee of any company of which the Group is the main shareholder. (This means any company in which, at the end of the most recent business year, the Group’s ratio of voting rights held is 10% or more of the total voting rights.)
2. An outside officer must be neither an entity whose major cus- tomer is the Company or a Group company nor a parent company or a significant subsidiary of that entity. Further- more, if the entity is a company, then an outside officer must be neither a person who executes business of the company nor, at any time in the last three (3) years, a person who exe- cutes business of the company.
3. An outside officer must be neither an entity who is a major customer of the Company or a Group company nor a parent company or significant subsidiary of that entity. Furthermore, if the entity is a company, then an outside officer must be neither a person who executes business of the company nor, at any time in the last three (3) years, a person who executes business of the company.
4. An outside officer must not be a person who executes busi- ness of an organization that receives donations, etc., from the Company or a Group company that exceed a specified amount. (Specified amount means the larger of either ¥10 million per year on average in the last three (3) years, or 30% of the average annual total expenses of the organization that receives donations, etc.)
5. An outside officer must not be an officer, such as a director, of a company, the parent company of a company, or the group company of a company that receives directors from the Com- pany or a Group company.
6. An outside officer must not now be the Accounting Auditor or an employee, etc., of the Accounting Auditor of the Company or a Group company; furthermore, within the past three (3) years, as such an employee, etc., he or she must not have been responsi- ble for audit work of the Company or a current Group company.
7. An outside officer who is an attorney, consultant, etc. (includ- ing, in the case of a corporation, an employee, etc., who should perform the duties of those functions) must not have received, from the Company or a Group company, other than directors’ remuneration, any monetary or other economic benefit of ¥10 million or more per year on average in the last three (3) years, and he or she must not be an employee, etc. of a law office, etc. that has the Company or a Group company as a major client.
8. An outside officer must be neither a close relative of a Direc- tor or an Executive Officer of the Company or a Group com- pany nor a close relative of an important employee, etc., who is in a position equivalent to officer, such as advisor, associate director, or consultant, of the Company or a Group company (hereinafter referred to as “person equivalent to an officer”). Furthermore, in the last five (5) years, he or she must not have been the spouse or a relative within the second degree of kinship (hereinafter referred to as “close relative”) of the said Director, Executive Officer, or person equivalent to an officer, and his or her close relative must not correspond to the same criteria as those in items 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 7 above.
9. In addition, an outside officer must be a person who has no possibility, on a regular and continuous basis, of a substantial conflict of interest arising with the Company’s ordinary share- holders as a whole, for any circumstance other than a reason taken into account in the aforementioned items.
10. Even if a person does not satisfy any one of the items 2 through 8 above, if the Company considers that, in light of his or her character, insight, etc., the person is suitable as an out- side officer of the Company, then, on condition that his or her candidacy will be explained publicly, the person may be se- lected as a candidate for an outside officer of the Company.
11. Under these standards, if an outside officer who is judged as possessing independence loses independence, he or she shall notify the Company promptly.
12. In these standards,“a major customer”means an entity whose transaction value between it and the Group in any of the past three (3) business years, including the most recent business year, is 1% or more of the yearly gross annual sales revenue (consolidated annual gross income from business in the case of the Company).
Name
Reasons for appointment of Audit and Supervisory Committee members

Business Foundation for Value Creation
Corporate Governance
 6. Summary of Our Management Structure
<Board of Directors and Directors>
The Board of Directors comprises ten Directors (including two Audit and Supervisory Committee members) from the Group who are thoroughly familiar with the financial business, as well as five Outside Directors (including three Audit and Supervisory Committee mem- bers) who have a high degree of independence in supervising the entire management of the Group from a neutral and objective per- spective. The main role of the Board is making decisions on matters stipulated by laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation, as well as important operational matters related to the management of the Group (e.g., material matters concerning management strate- gies, compliance with laws and regulations, risk management, and customer protection and management), and supervising the execu- tion of duties by the Directors.
<Audit and Supervisory Committee and Audit and Supervisory Committee Members>
The Audit and Supervisory Committee comprises two Audit and Su- pervisory Committee members from the Group who are thoroughly familiar with the financial business and possess suitable knowledge of finance and accounting, as well as three outside Audit and Super- visory Committee members (including one female Audit and Super- visory Committee member) who have a high degree of independence in conducting audits to secure Group soundness and legality from a neutral and objective perspective. The Committee carries out audits of the operations and financial conditions of the Group based on the Standards for Audits Conducted by Audit and Supervisory Commit- tee, etc. In addition, the Audit and Supervisory Committee has set the evaluation standards for the Accounting Auditor and policies for dismissal or non-reappointment. It regularly evaluates the perfor- mance of the Accounting Auditor, and determine the details of pro- posals to be submitted to the general meeting of shareholders regarding appointment, dismissal or non-reappointment of the Ac- counting Auditor.
<Nominating and Remuneration Committee>
This Committee, composed of two Representative Directors and two outside officers, has been established for the purpose of raising the transparency and fairness of the decision-making process and contrib- uting to strengthening corporate governance through focused dis- cussions and exchanges of opinions pertaining to the nomination and remuneration of our management (Directors and Executive Officers).
<Group Management Council>
The Group Management Council comprises Representative Directors and Executive Officers, etc. above the position of Managing Execu- tive Officer, and deliberates and make decisions on matters delegat- ed by the Board of Directors as well as deliberates important matters regarding the Group’s management, and works to enrich and enliven the discussions for prompt and decisive decision making.
8. Executive Remuneration System
  <Committees under the Group Management Council>
The following seven committees each regularly discuss matters for which they are responsible in order to effectively, efficiently, and promptly address the Group’s cross-organizational issues. They sub- mit and report material matters to the Group Management Council or the Board of Directors.
A. Comprehensive Budgeting Committee
The Comprehensive Budgeting Committee discusses the Group’s overall budget, progress toward goals, and cross-organizational is- sues, among others, based on the Medium-Term Management Plan.
B. ALM Committee
The ALM Committee discusses the management of and policy on the Group’s comprehensive risk, credit risk, market risk, and liquid- ity risk, along with matters regarding Group-wide revenue man- agement, investments, and procurement.
C. CR Committee
The CR Committee discusses management of operational risk of the Group and development of crisis management system. It also discusses cross-organizational issues related to the verification of effectiveness and appropriateness of the Group’s legal compli- ance system, and compliance with laws and regulations. It also discusses cross-organizational issues related to the verification of effectiveness and appropriateness of the Group’s legal compli- ance system, and compliance with laws and regulations.
D. Organizational Integration and Headquarters Building Construction Committee
The Organizational Integration and Headquarters Building Con- struction Committee discusses the integration (e.g., integration and unification) of the Group’s organizations and functions, along with matters concerning the construction of the headquarters building.
E. New Business Development Committee
The New Business Development Committee discusses matters concerning new businesses launched to help increase the Group’s consolidated revenue, the exploration of new revenue sources, and new domestic and overseas markets for our business domains.
F. Digital Innovation Committee
The Digital Innovation Committee discusses matters concerning the development, implementation, and evaluation of effective- ness of policies and strategies regarding how to take advantage of digital technologies adopted to change the Group’s marketing and business processes and how to develop the infrastructure for these technologies.
G. Sustainability Promotion Committee
The Sustainability Promotion Committee periodically ascertains the status of the Group’s efforts to implement measures related to sustainability, and conducts cross-organizational discussion on measures, etc. contributing to sustainability of the Group, cus- tomers, and local communities.
(1) Policy on executive remuneration specified in our Corporate Governance Guidelines
Remuneration, bonuses, and other financial benefits in exchange for the performance of duty that our Directors receive from us (hereinafter “remuneration and other benefits”) shall be deter- mined by resolution of our General Meeting of Shareholders.
The Company resolved the policy on determination of the con- tent of remuneration, etc. to each Director other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members in the Board of Directors meet- ing held in December 2015, and an overview is provided below. - Remuneration to Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Com-
mittee members (excluding Outside Directors) utilizes a system enabling management decision making functions and superviso- ry functions to be adequately exhibited, and a certain portion is determined in accordance with the contribution to business per- formance made by the delegated area or department.
- Remuneration to Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members shall be determined in accordance with the system specified in the preceding paragraph by the Board of Directors through a fair and transparent deliberation within the amount resolved at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Opportunities to appropriately involve Outside Directors for ad- vice are provided during this process.
The total amount of remuneration to Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members for each fiscal year is de- termined by the Board of Directors every fiscal year based on consultation by the Nominating and Remuneration Committee, and the exact amount of remuneration to each Director other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members is determined by the President based on consultation by the Nominating and Remuneration Committee within the total amount of remunera- tion for the fiscal year determined by the Board of Directors, and the content is therefore deemed to be in line with the policy on determination thereof.
The 6th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 18, 2021, resolved that the remuneration to Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members would be
capped at ¥300 million (including ¥36 million to Outside Direc- tors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members) and the remuneration to Directors who also serve as Audit and Su- pervisory Committee members at ¥120 million. As of the conclu- sion of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, there were ten Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members (including two Outside Directors) and five Directors who also serve as Audit and Supervisory Committee members.
(2) Composition of executive remuneration and other benefits
The Company’s executive remuneration and other benefits con- sist of “basic remuneration (fixed remuneration)” and “lump-sum settlement payment (performance-linked remuneration).” The Board of Directors meeting held in June 2021 resolved that Rep- resentative Directors, Directors above the position of Managing Executive Officers, and full-time Directors would receive “basic remuneration” and “lump-sum settlement payment” and Direc- tors who also serve as Audit and Supervisory Committee mem- bers, and other Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Com- mittee members would receive only “basic remuneration.”
The percentage of “lump-sum settlement payment (perfor- mance-linked remuneration)” included in executive remunera- tion and the payment standards for “lump-sum settlement pay- ment (performance-linked remuneration)” are submitted to the Nominating and Remuneration Committee for deliberation and determined by the Board of Directors. The table below shows the details determined for the fiscal year under review.
A. The percentage of payment of basic remuneration (fixed remu- neration) and lump-sum settlement payment (perfor- mance-linked remuneration) are 75% basic remuneration and 25% lump-sum settlement payment.
B. The payment standards for “lump-sum settlement payment (performance-linked remuneration)” shall be based on the consolidated net income that indicates the overall state of the
Group’s operation, and shall be paid in accordance with the following remuneration limit table.
 Consolidated net income
Remuneration limit
¥32.0 billion or more
 ¥120 million
 ¥28.0 billion or more, less than ¥32.0 billion
¥110 million
 ¥24.0 billion or more, less than ¥28.0 billion
 ¥100 million
 ¥20.0 billion or more, less than ¥24.0 billion
 ¥90 million
 ¥16.0 billion or more, less than ¥20.0 billion
 ¥80 million
 ¥12.0 billion or more, less than ¥16.0 billion
  ¥70 million
 ¥8.0 billion or more, less than ¥12.0 billion
¥60 million
 Less than ¥8.0 billion
  –
  7. Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors and Our Efforts to Enhance the Effectiveness
The remuneration and other benefits to Executive Officers are “basic remuneration” and “lump-sum settlement payment” and
the recipients of and payment standards for lump-sum settle- ment payment (performance-linked remuneration) shall be specified by the Board of Directors.
(3) Process for determining the amounts of remuneration and other benefits or how to calculate the amounts
The Board of Directors and Directors who also serve as Audit and Supervisory Committee members have the authority to finalize the policy on the determination of the amounts of remuneration and other benefits to the Group’s officers or of how to calculate the amounts. The details of the authority and the scopes of their discretion are as stated below.
- Remuneration and other benefits to Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members shall be determined by the Board of Directors through a fair and transparent delibera- tion within the amount resolved at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Opportunities to appropriately involve Outside Directors for advice are provided during this process.
- Remuneration and other benefits to Directors who also serve as Audit and Supervisory Committee members are treated sepa- rately from remuneration and other benefits to Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members and deter- mined through discussions among Directors who also serve as Audit and Supervisory Committee members within the amount resolved at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Within the Company, the President and Representative Direc- tor determines the specific details of the amount of remunera- tion to each Director other than Audit and Supervisory Commit- tee members and to each Executive Officer based on a proxy resolution of the Board of Directors.
The President and Representative Director has the authority to assess and distribute the basic remuneration of Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members and Executive Officers, and the lump-sum settlement payment (perfor- mance-linked remuneration) for Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members and Executive Officers based on performance in their duties. The reason for entrusting this au- thority is that the President and Representative Director is the most suitable for having an overall understanding of the Compa- ny’s performance and implementing assessments of Directors other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members and Ex- ecutive Officers.
To ensure the authority is exercised appropriately, the total amount of remuneration to Directors other than Audit and Super- visory Committee members and Executive Officers for each fiscal year is determined by the Board of Directors every fiscal year based on consultation by the Nominating and Remuneration Committee, and the exact amounts of remuneration to each Director other than Audit and Supervisory Committee members and each Execu- tive Officer are determined by the President and Representative Director based on consultation by the Nominating and Remuner- ation Committee within the total amount of remuneration for the fiscal year determined by the Board of Directors.
 We analyze and evaluate the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors annually, referring to our Directors’ self-evaluations. The board meeting held in May 2021 conducted the analysis and evalu- ation for FY2020 based on self-evaluations of all Directors and Corpo- rate Auditors that encompassed how the Board of Directors is composed and how it operates. The meeting concluded that the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors is ensured, and agreed that the following are the challenges that should be met to facilitate
even more active discussions at board meetings.
-Revision of size and composition aimed at enhancement of
governance
- Having more in-depth discussions about medium- and long-term
themes in order to increase sustained corporate value
- Stimulating multifaceted and multiangled discussions in the Nom-
inating and Remuneration Committee
51 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 52

  Business Foundation for Value Creation
Outside Director Message
I am working to supervise management emphasizing on-site operations as an
   Outside Director.
Outside Director (Independent Director) Katsuaki Watanabe
Apr. 1964
Jun. 2005 May 2009 Jun. 2009 Jun. 2011 Jun. 2013
Jul. 2015 Oct. 2015
Jun. 2021
Joined Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (currently, Toyota Motor Corporation)
President of Toyota Motor Corporation
Vice Chair of KEIDANREN (Japan Business Federation) Vice Chairman of Toyota Motor Corporation
Senior Advisor of Toyota Motor Corporation Outside Corporate Auditor of Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd.
Advisor of Toyota Motor Corporation
Director (Outside Director) of Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. [to present]
Outside Director of Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd. [to present]
The starting point is sharing
the approach to governance
across the entire organization
The essence of corporate governance is strengthening the
structure of the company. For this reason, it is necessary to share “what is the essence of governance” from top management to
managerial personnel and the workplace. It is vital to take spe- cific action to visualize issues and problems in business. It must not be a critical response that simply describes issues within the organization. I believe basic governance initiatives involve iden- tifying the true causes of problems and their solutions and tak- ing preventative measures.
For example, rather than viewing an error that occurred in a particular branch to be a specific case, it is important to view it to be something that may occur in any sales workplace, gather information for all branches, and ensure that the same error does not occur. In this way, preventing the recurrence of errors throughout the organization leads to strengthening of governance.
With regard to this point, it is the mission of Outside Directors to constantly remain vigilant about the Kyushu Financial Group (KFG). In particular, an effort is made to discuss what are the causes of problems presented by audit departments and the Directors in charge, and specific solutions such as whether the instructions aimed at solutions are appropriate.
Approach of the “self-contained process”
to be addressed in operations of
financial institutions
KFG implements two and even three layers of operational audit- ing due to the nature of banking operations. While this is un- avoidable under the current circumstances, it is possible to balance ensuring compliance with improving operational effi- ciency, and it could be said that audits are not required if each workplace conducts work with high quality.
Based on the approach of the “self-contained process” in which quality is built into each process, no problems will arise in later processes if each person accurately performs their own work. For this reason, it is important to ask the people responsi- ble for previous processes to conduct their work reliably and also ask the people responsible for subsequent processes “Have any problems arisen due to my process?” Through close com- munication with previous processes and subsequent processes, coordinating through teamwork results in the resolution of any problems. If this can be implemented in all processes, there is no need for an extensive audit system. It may sound extreme, but the ultimate goal of a “self-contained process” is the elimina- tion of the audit departments.
This is not only possible in the manufacturing industry, but can also be realized in the financial industry. KFG has naturally established an audit system as an organization, and is simulta- neously working to improve efficiency and save labor by mak- ing powerful improvements in the quality of operations. In fact, as a result of the two branches I visited to make operational improvements improving their performance significantly, they received the President’s Award that year. I would like to imple- ment the efforts across the entire organization in the future.
Ascertain the true causes of problems and increase the quality of operations
Since I was appointed as an Outside Director of KFG, I have not only attended the Board of Directors meetings, but also focused on meetings with people in operations. I make sure to ask about the state of the workplace in talks with people in branches. I ask them whether they are supervising operations with each em- ployee in mind and whether they accurately track what kind of errors occur and what causes them in what situations. If there are any problems, I ask them to ensure that they resolve each of them. Repeating this process directly leads to an increase in the strength of branches.
In auditing, it is important to not simply report individual problems that arise, but to properly analyze their causes and view the number of all types of problems with a view to appli- cation across the entire Group. It is essential to gather data on whether the number of a certain error is increasing or decreas- ing to determine how it is changing over time. The quality of operations can be improved by identifying all potential prob- lems, clarifying how they change over time, and implementing solutions for them.
I have made various harsh assertions, but auditing is general- ly functioning well in KFG. However, I require KFG to implement initiatives with the aim of reaching the next level, as an Outside Director. Is the level of governance KFG is aiming for No. 1 in the region? Is it No. 1 in Japan? Or, is it No. 1 in financial institutions in the world? It is my wish that the Company embraces the chal- lenge of aiming higher, rather than being satisfied with the cur- rent conditions. Looking at KFG’s actual operations to date, I think its organization still has great underlying potential to grow further. I will work to conduct more in-depth discussion in the Board of Directors to ensure each employee makes it an organi- zation that aims to take the next step up, without being compla- cent about the status quo.
Now is the time to step up as a financial institution deeply rooted in the local community
Looking ahead, the potential of KFG is impressive, as it aims to grow as a “Community Value Co-Creation Group.” In particular, the strength of the ties with customers in the region is a com- petitive advantage that no other financial institution enjoys. It will be able to exhibit unique power by becoming a hub to con- centrate the power of collaboration between industry, aca- demia, government, finance, and the people within the region.
For example, heavy rain occurs almost every year in Southern Kyushu. In response to this, there are businesses that only KFG is able to create from the perspective of protecting people’s lives and industry from disasters. There are many industries such as agriculture and tourism that will grow mainly in this region. Lo- cal universities will collect and analyze big data on disaster pre- vention and industry to create new technologies and systems. Then, local governments will establish systems, and companies will provide facilities and services based on these. KFG will offer support through the power of finance. The formation of such a framework is a challenge that can be embraced due to being a financial institution deeply rooted in the region we serve. There are numerous themes such as disaster prevention, promotion of agriculture, forestry, fishery, and tourism industries, and smart city initiatives.
The business environment is undergoing significant changes due to COVID-19 pandemic. The changes also present great op- portunities. If every employee enhances their potential and the entire Group works as one team, we will be able to harness the winds of external change to rapidly promote the “Reformation” set forth in the Group’s Medium-Term Management Plan. I will also do my best to work toward further growth of KFG as an of- ficer of KFG.
53 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 54
 
Business Foundation for Value Creation
Management
Directors
Directors Who Also Serve as Audit and Supervisory Committee Members
      Chairman and Representative Director Sumihiro Matsuyama
President of The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.
Attendance
at the Board of Directors meetings: 12 out of 12
President and Representative Director Yoshihisa Kasahara
President of The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Attendance
at the Board of Directors meetings: 12 out of 12
Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Yuichi Tanabe
Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) of
The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Attendance
at the Board of Directors meetings: 12 out of 12
at the Board of Corporate Auditors meetings:
12 out of 12
New election
Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Masahide Kitanosono
Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) of
The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd. Auditor of Kyushu Accounting Service Co., Ltd.
New election
   Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Norihisa Akatsuka
Director and Managing Executive Officer
Hiroyuki Tanaka
Director and Managing Executive Officer of
The Higo Bank, Ltd. Director and Managing Executive Officer of
The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.
Attendance at the Board of Directors meetings:
Board of Directors 10 out of 10
Director
Motohiro Kamimura
Chairman and Representative Director of
The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.
Attendance at the Board of Directors meetings:
Board of Directors 12 out of 12
Outside Independent
Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Kenichi Sekiguchi
Senior Advisor of Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Hulic Co., Ltd.
Attendance
at the Board of Directors meetings: 12 out of 12
at the Board of Corporate Auditors meetings:
12 out of 12
Executive Officers
Outside
New election
Independent
Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Katsuro Tanaka
Senior Managing Partner of TMI Associates
Attendance
at the Board of Directors meetings: 12 out of 12
at the Board of Corporate Auditors meetings:
12 out of 12
Outside
New election
Independent
Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Yuko Tashima
Partner Attorney of Sawayaka Law Office Director of The Chiba Bank, Ltd. Corporate Auditor of Tokio Marine & Nichido Anshin Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Attendance
at the Board of Directors meetings: 12 out of 12
at the Board of Corporate Auditors meetings:
12 out of 12
Outside
New election
Independent
      Eichi Eto
Director of
The Higo Bank, Ltd. Director of
Kyushu FG Securities, Inc. Director of
Kyushu Accounting Service Co., Ltd.
Attendance at the Board of Directors meetings:
Board of Directors 10 out of 10
Director and Managing Executive Officer
Yasunari Iwatate
Director and Managing Executive Officer of The Higo Bank, Ltd.
New election
Director of
Kyushu FG Securities, Inc.
Attendance at the Board of Directors meetings:
Board of Directors 10 out of 10
Director Takahiro Kai
Chairman and Representative Director of
The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Attendance at the Board of Directors meetings:
Board of Directors 12 out of 12
       Executive Officer Tsutomu Tajima
Executive Officer
Kuniaki Matsumae
Executive Officer, General Manager of Personnel / General Affairs Division
Seiji Yamamoto
Executive Officer, General Manager of Audit Division
Riichiro Tada
Executive Officer and General Manager of Audit Division of The Higo Bank, Ltd. Executive Officer and General Manager of Audit Division of The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.
   Director
Katsuaki Watanabe
Director of Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd.
Attendance at the Board of Directors meetings:
Board of Directors 12 out of 12
Director
Yuji Nemoto
Professor of Toyo University
Attendance at the Board of Directors meetings:
Board of Directors 12 out of 12
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer of The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager of Compliance and Risk Management Division
Kohei Kuroda
Managing Director of The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division
Shinichi Yamakata
Director of Kyushu Accounting Service Co., Ltd.
Outside Independent
  55
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 56

Business Foundation for Value Creation
 Ensuring Compliance
Compliance Basic Policy
The Group positions compliance as one of the most cru- cial management issues, and is engaged in thorough compliance based on the following three principles.
1. We recognize our social responsibilities and public mission, and we earn the trust of society through the sound and appropriate operation of our business.
2. We adhere to laws and regulations, rules, and inter- nal regulations, and we carry out sincere and fair
Compliance Management System
The Group is engaged in thorough compliance by estab- lishing the “Compliance Basic Policy,” which sets out its basic stance and approach towards compliance.
The Group has established a Compliance and Risk Management Division as a division to oversee compli- ance matters of the Group, and convenes the Compli- ance and Risk Management Committee chaired by the President. In the Committee, we report and hold discus- sions on the status of compliance management, man- agement of customer protection, and handling of anti-social forces, and the status of management to pre- vent money laundering, in our efforts to maintain and enhance our compliance system.
Additionally, we have formulated a compliance pro- gram as a specific practical plan for each year to achieve thorough compliance and by doing so we are engaged in the strengthening of our compliance system.
Customer and Personal Information Protection
■ Customer protection
The Group develops a system for management of cus- tomer protection, etc. as part of its efforts to protect cus- tomers’ interest and improve the convenience for customers. Specifically, we classify customer protection management into five categories: customer explanation management, customer support management (re- sponse to customer inquiries and complaints), customer information management, outsourcing management, and conflict of interest management. We ensure that each of these categories is appropriately managed.
corporate activities based on social norms and
management philosophy.
3. In order to ensure the soundness and appropriate-
ness of our business operations, we break off any relations with anti-social forces, etc. that threaten the order and safety of society.
Whistleblowing System
We have set up a whistleblowing system called Compli- ance Hotline as part of our efforts to improve our self-corrective function. All officers and employees across the Group can directly report to the Hotline, facil- itating the prevention as well as early detection and cor- rection of compliance-related problems including the violation of laws and regulations. We have established a whistleblowing hotline run by external attorneys in
Response to the Financial ADR System
addition to the Compliance and Risk Management Divi- sion, etc. within the Group, and have given consideration to enable officers and employees to use the hotline, etc. with peace of mind by ensuring the anonymity and fair- ness of information such as taking appropriate steps to ensure whistleblowers are not identified and specifying that whistleblowers must not be treated unfairly.
    Board of Directors
Our subsidiaries have contracts with the designated ADR institutions shown in the table below in order to resolve complaints and disputes from a fair and neutral standpoint.
  Audit and Supervisory Committee
Kyushu Financial Group
    Discussion/Report/Instruction
Group Management Council
 CR Committee
Customer Relations Center, Japanese Bankers Association
Exclusion of Anti-Social Forces
The Group is resolutely against anti-social forces who pose a threat to the order and safety of civil society, and we are carrying out efforts to create a system that blocks out relations with anti-social forces, as well as making efforts to eradicate all dealings with anti-social forces. Specifically, we are strengthening our response towards
Trust Consultation Center,
Trust Companies Association of Japan
Financial Instruments Mediation Assistance Center
 Compliance and Risk Management Division
Designated ADR Institutions
Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank
Kyushu FG Securities
   Subsidiaries (e.g., Kagoshima Bank)
 Audit and Supervisory Committee
Board of Directors
 Board of Managing Directors
 Compliance and Customer Protection Committee
  Compliance and Risk Management Division
Compliance
 Customer protection
Response to anti-social forces
 Preventing money laundering, etc.
 Guidance/Management/ Instruction
Discussion/Report
 Head office, branches, Group companies
■ Personal information protection
The Group develops a system for appropriate manage- ment of customer information to ensure that the Group’s officers and employees comply with the Act on the Pro- tection of Personal Information, the Act on the Use of Numbers to Identify a Specific Individual in Administra- tive Procedures, and other relevant laws and regulations, and consequently to ensure appropriate protection and use of customer information. We appropriately take care of customer information and make sure it is kept accu- rately and confidentially to prevent loss or leakage, thereby ensuring that customer information is safely managed.
Our Basic Response Policy to Anti-Social Forces is available on the Company’s website.
https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/antisocial
Initiatives for Preventing Money Laundering, etc.
With the recognition that the deterrence of organized crime by preventing money laundering and terrorism financing (“money laundering, etc.”) is a universal issue, the Group is fully committed to preventing money laundering, etc. as one of the highest priorities in the management of its business, and complies with all relevant laws and regulations to ad- dress the issue. Specifically, efforts have been made to prevent money laundering, etc. by establishing the Money Laundering and Other Financial Crime Control Office within the Compliance and Risk Management Divisions at Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank, respectively, and establishing unified policies and regulations throughout the Group, con- ducting checks at the time of transaction, detecting any unusual transactions through systems and other tools, making notification on any suspicious transactions, and improving training systems and encouraging the acquisition of rele- vant qualifications for officers and employees.
Our Basic Policies for Preventing Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing is available on the Company’s website.
the exclusion of dealings with anti-social forces through the creation of a response policy and regulations, etc. against anti-social forces, the expansion of Group-wide anti-social forces database, and the introduction of an- ti-social forces exclusionary provisions in our legal contracts.
  57 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 58
https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/laundering

Business Foundation for Value Creation
 Risk Appetite Framework
Overview of the Risk Appetite Framework
■ Operational structure of the risk appetite framework
The Kyushu Financial Group operates its risk appetite framework (hereinafter, the “RAF”) as a pillar of its man- agement strategies that are aligned with the Group management philosophy.
As the first step, management forms its view on the external environment including the macro economic environment, regulatory environment, and competitive environment, and discusses future risk events such as economic recessions and financial market disruptions.
The management then determines the Group’s future risk appetite policy(*1) and risk appetite indicators(*2) based
■ The Group’s RAF management system
on the said policy in reference to the strategies we have adopted in the past and the challenges we have identified.
In operating the RAF, the Group Management Council monitors risk appetite indicators on a periodical basis, provides regular reports to the Comprehensive Budget- ing Committee, ALM Committee, and other bodies which are under the Group Management Council’s um-
brella, and reviews the Group’s strategy as needed.
(*1) Basic policy on business and financial strategies and risk taking
(*2) Quantitative indicators we establish in accordance with our risk ap-
petite policy
■ Risk appetite policy and indicators The Group’s risk appetite policy is as follows:
  KFG Risk Appetite Policy
 1 Maximize the selection of risk in investments and loans in Kyushu and Okinawa centered on the region with the aim of rebuilding the local economy after COVID-19 and natural disasters, and sustainable devel- opment and future creation of local communities.
2 Place emphasis on the balance between stable earnings and sound and appropriate management practices
3 Make investments and provide loans with a clear understanding of risks and avoid excessively focusing on profitability to prevent risk concentration in specific areas
Firstly, maximum preference for local risk has been in- corporated into the Risk Appetite Policy for the rebuild- ing of the local economy, and sustainable development of local communities to address the uncertainty caused by the recent occurrence of COVID-19 and natural disas- ters. Furthermore, as a regional financial institution, our policy is to place emphasis on the balance between profitability on one hand and soundness and appropri- ateness on the other while eliminating risk concentra- tion in specific areas. Based on this risk appetite policy, we develop specific strategies and measures and
determine management resource allocation and earn- ings plans.
We quantitatively monitor capital, earnings power, and other factors that support our sustained growth and corporate value using consolidated capital adequacy ra- tios, consolidated ROE (shareholders’ equity), RORA, and others, as risk appetite indicators.
With these efforts, we will endeavor to enhance our consolidated earnings power by building an appropriate portfolio.
 Group RAF
  KFG
   Risk appetite policy (qualitative)
  Risk appetite policy (quantitative)
  Status of risks and returns, etc.
 Status of quantity of usage risk, etc.
Credit risk
Market risk (interest and price fluctuations)
Operational risk
   Application for risk capital
First line
Risk capital allocation
Second line
Application for risk capital
First line
Risk capital Application for Risk capital allocation risk capital allocation
Second line
     Higo Bank RAF
Kagoshima Bank RAF
Group company RAFs
         Risk appetite policy/indicators
Risk appetite policy/indicators
Building structure with future in mind (brokerage, lease, credit cards, etc.)
 Enhancing consolidated earnings power by building a portfolio with an emphasis on the balance among profitability (earnings), appropriateness (risk taking),
and soundness (equity capital).
1
Earnings
ROE
23
Risk taking Equity capital
RORA Capital adequacy ratio (%)
Adoption of RORA as a unified indicator for KFG, leading to improvement of capital adequacy ratio and increased ROE
  Balancing 1Earnings and 2Risk taking
If 2 is small compared to 1,
it may become difficult to RA Policy1 secure sustainable earnings
 Balancing 1Earnings and 3Equity capital
If 3 is small compared to 1, it may become difficult to secure sufficient equity capital for the future
RA Policy2
   Balancing 2Risk taking and 3Equity capital
 If 3 is small compared to 2, it may impair BS under market fluctuation
RA Policy3
    RORA
Earnings Risk assets
Capital adequacy ratio (%)
Equity capital Risk assets
ROE
Earnings Equity capital
   59 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 60
*Earnings in the calculation of RORA use expected earnings (fiscal year-end balance × fiscal year-end yield)
Business plan Earnings plan
Business plan Earnings plan
Assumed risk volume
Equity capital
Business plan Earnings plan
Assumed risk volume
Equity capital
Risk capital allocation
KFG equity capital

 Business Foundation for Value Creation
 Risk Management Efforts
Risk Management Basic Policy
The Group positions risk management as one of the most crucial management issues to respond to the trust given by its customers, shareholders, officers and em- ployees and the local community.
Our operation focuses on striking a balance between stable earnings and sound and appropriate management
Risk Management System
The Group positions risk management as one of the most crucial management issues, and works together with the Company and Group companies to strengthen risk management.
The Group is working to build a risk management sys- tem by establishing the Compliance and Risk Management
practices in order to establish a solid business founda- tion. For this purpose, we accurately identify all risks across the Group to properly keep those risks within the control of the Group’s corporate strength (equity capital).
Division as a division to assume overall control for the Group’s risk management, and convening the ALM Com- mittee and Compliance and Risk Management Commit- tee, both chaired by the President, to report and discuss about the status of credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk.
Subsidiaries (e.g., Higo Bank)
Our Integrated Risk Management
While the Group controls and manages Group-wide risks by category, it practices comprehensive risk management in order to compare and contrast the risks with the Group’s corporate strength (equity capital) for the purpose of management.
To optimize the Group’s risk and return, we quantitatively and qualitatively identify and assess credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, and operational risk in order to take appropriate actions before or after the occurrence of events as nec- essary in a framework to keep those risks within the control of the Group’s corporate strength (equity capital).
■ Ensuring soundness through capital allocation
The Group measures potential maximum losses (risk volume) of various risks using VaR (value at risk), and allocates capital by risk type to keep such risk volume within the range of equity capital that can be allocated. When allocating capital, equity capital adequacy is assessed according to scenarios based on past stress events, etc. to confirm the ad- equacy of capital allocated when under stress.
    Ensuring soundness of management
Improvement of profitability/efficiency
 1 Ascertaining management strength
2 Assumed risk volume based on RAF and quantitative plans
3 Risk volume considering stress events
4 Determining the amount of capital allocated
Deduction of equivalent to 4% equity capital
  Excess capital
  Credit risk
 Market risk
 Operational risk
  Credit risk
 Market risk
 Operational risk
Capital allocated
 5 Risk control
6 Return (earnings adjusted for risk)
     Kyushu Financial Group
Group-based management
Instructions on management policy, etc.
    Audit and Supervisory Committee
Type of risk
Credit risk Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of Directors
Group Management Council
Audit and Supervisory Committee
Credit Management Division
Details
  ALM Committee
Board of Directors
 Management Council
CR Committee
 Compliance and Risk Management Division (Management)
Credit risk Market risk Liquidity risk Operational risk
 ALM Committee CR Committee
 Compliance and Risk Management Division (Management)
Credit risk Market risk Liquidity risk Operational risk
    Compliance and Risk Management Division
 Administrative Management Division
IT Management Division Compliance and Risk Management Division
Personnel Division General Affairs Division Corporate Planning Division
  The risk of the Group incurring losses from the depreciation or loss of value of an asset (including off-balance as- sets) through the deterioration of financial condition of a party granted credit by the Group
The risk of the Group incurring losses from the fluctuation of values of assets and liabilities (including off-balance types) as well as the risk of fluctuation in earnings generated from assets and liabilities, due to various market risk factors, including interest rates, exchange rates, and stocks
The risk of the Group incurring losses from difficulties in securing the necessary fund or having to procure funding at interest rates significantly higher than usual, owing to a timing mismatch between the investment and fund procurement or an unexpected outflow of fund
The risk of the Group incurring losses due to risks such as administrative risk, system risk, legal risk, personnel risk, tangible asset risk, reputational risk, and information asset risk
■ Ensuring soundness using stress tests
The Group evaluates equity capital adequacy at the above time of capital allocation, and also identifies sce- narios of potential stress events as needed, conducting stress tests estimating the impact on losses and risk vol- ume in the event such stress events occur, to assess risk and perform risk control.
■ Cybersecurity risk management
The Group practices appropriate cybersecurity risk man- agement according to the scale and characteristics of the risks inherent to the companies of the Group in order to deal with various threats facing the Group, including cyberattacks, unauthorized access, and computer viruses.
Specifically, we have established the CSIRT (Computer Security Incident Response Team), consisting of the rele- vant departments, under the supervision of the CISO (Chief Information Security Officer), and are working to upgrade our management system and prevent the spread of any damage.
■ Risk management related to external factors (e.g., large-scale natural disasters and infectious diseases)
If the Group’s branch, system center, or any other facility is damaged by an external factor such as a large-scale natural disaster (e.g., a big earthquake, unprecedented heavy typhoon, or torrential downpour) or an outbreak of an infectious disease, suffer any loss of human re- sources necessary for the Group’s operations, and the whole or part of the Group’s business becomes difficult to continue, the Group may incur losses from having to respond to these issues.
If such an event occurs, we accurately assess and eval- uate the overall situation of the Group, and work closely with the Company and Group companies as necessary in order to take appropriate actions, thereby minimizing the risk.
Furthermore, the Group began initiatives aimed at quantification of climate change risk such as implement- ing analysis of climate change scenarios according to the TCFD Recommendations in FY2020.
    61 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 62
Administrative risk
System risk Legal risk Personnel risk
Tangible asset risk Reputational risk Information asset risk
The risk of the Group incurring losses from officers’ or employees’ negligence in accurate- ly performing their administrative duties, or an accident or wrongdoing caused by them
The risk of the Group incurring losses from a system defect or misuse of a computer, such as a downed computer system or malfunction
The risk of the Group incurring losses from violation of laws and regulations, the conclu- sion of an inappropriate contract, or other legal causes
The risk of the Group incurring losses from the outflow or loss of human resources, inap- propriate work environment and work conditions, and discriminatory behavior (such as sexual harassment)
The risk of the Group incurring losses from damage to tangible assets due to natural di- sasters, crime or defective asset management, etc.
The risk of the Group incurring losses from a loss in credit owing to a worsening reputa- tion or the circulation of rumors
The risk of the Group incurring losses from the disposal, loss, alteration, leakage, theft, misuse, etc. of information assets
Reporting status of risk management
Discussion about risk management matters
Discussion/Report/Instruction
       
 Business Foundation for Value Creation
 Develop People and Enhance Engagement
  Developing people creating the future of the Kyushu Financial Group
We will place importance on connections with employees and “reform” corporate culture to enable all employees to feel growth, job fulfillment, and satisfaction.
Executive Officer General Manager of Personnel / General Affairs Division
Seiji Yamamoto
Develop people and enhance engagement
When looking ahead to the Kyushu Financial Group (KFG) in ten years, strengthening of human resource infrastructure by developing human resources is essential for the realization of a Community Value Co-Cre- ation Group. The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan (New Medium-Term Plan) has been positioned as a stage of “reformation” that is imbued with the meaning of facing the challenges presented by the new era of the New Normal without being constrained by past meth- ods, and is also a powerful proposal made by young employees. It is set against the backdrop of significant changes in the environment sur- rounding regional banks, the sense of crisis arising from this, and the passionate desire to create a promising future with our own hands. Our personnel department must think how this wish can be achieved. In this context, “Develop people and enhance engagement” was estab- lished as a personnel strategy in the New Medium-Term Plan. Engage- ment refers to connections or ties, and I have understood this to be “placing importance on ties between employees and KFG, among em- ployees and, put more broadly, between employees and customers, creating relationships of mutual trust.” In addition, companies with strong engagement with employees tend to be open and have high productivity. It is vital that we use this engagement as a springboard to nurture people to forge a path in the new era. Until now, I think it has been possible to work with a passive approach. We are significantly transitioning from an era in which it was important to provide what customers want to an era in which it is necessary for each individual employee to independently think about what to do to provide more value to customers than they want, and act accordingly. Furthermore, it is necessary to accelerate the realization of value co-creation by nurtur- ing highly specialized human resources not only in the area of finance. Many employees including young employees have already received training aimed at nurturing specialized personnel in areas such as DX and the creation of new businesses, and the new system is steadily be- ing established.
Creating an organization in which all employees find day-to-day work to be fulfilling
If asked whether we have truly placed importance on connections with employees in the past, I cannot confidently say that we have. This is the reason “Develop people and enhance engagement” has been set forth in the Medium-Term Plan, and the personnel department will proceed with reforms with responsibility and resolve to ensure we fulfill our promise to employees set forth in the New Medium-Term Plan. I also bear this responsibility as the person in charge of the personnel depart- ment. The question is how to enable employees to feel fulfillment and satisfaction in their day-to-day work, and the foundation for this is plac- ing importance on connections with employees. Psychological safety is emphasized in organizational management. This refers to an atmo- sphere in which opinions can be voiced between anyone in the organi- zation with peace of mind. A workplace where employees can work wearing casual clothes creates a sense of security for them. Previously, I think we have tended to bottle up our own opinions due to gauging the feelings of others. However, these conditions are not conducive to discussion, causing a vicious cycle in which people become stressed due to being unable to say what they want to say, resulting in a con- stant reduction of productivity of the organization. Also, creative new ideas cannot be expected if constrained to a fixed approach. It would be impossible to deal with the new era with such an approach. We will conduct an engagement survey of all employees soon, and quickly consider measures to take. We also plan to “reform” the day-to-day work styles of all employees in the Group, and significantly change the job fulfillment and satisfaction of employees by creating a workplace envi- ronment in which they can say whatever they want with peace of mind. Looking ahead, we will implement a personnel strategy emphasizing speed to enable employees to feel “KFG has changed so much.” I am confident that this will create even deeper ties with the customers and local communities beyond them, and enable the community value co-creation.
 Kyushu Financial Group Personnel Strategy
■ Strategic pillar aimed at developing people and enhancing engagement
Strategic Pillar I: Developing human resources to achieve value co-creation
We will work to ensure the flow and vitalization of human resources, and implement measures to expand the fields where each employee can work to encompass the entire Group. Furthermore, we will enhance the online training environment throughout the entire Group to meet the needs of the New Normal era that lies ahead.
Strategic Pillar II: Enhancing respect for diversity and job satisfaction
The entire Group will work as one to implement measures to enhance engagement, providing greater job fulfillment and satisfaction for each employee, and offering diverse working environments and work styles.
Basic strategy
Develop people and enhance engagement
      Strategic Pillar I
 Developing human resources to achieve value co-creation
 Establishment of an environment enabling challenges to be faced in new areas and specialties throughout the Group
  Recruitment and development
Challenge
Assignment
Specialized personnel (DX, new business creation, etc.)
Post challenge trainees for new business areas
Transfer system aimed at Group revitalization
     Strategic Pillar II
 Enhancing respect for diversity and job satisfaction
 Group-wide implementation of measures to increase engagement
  High performance
   Employees
Attachment/passion Trust
Organization
Growth opportunities
Supportive working environment
Enhancement of benefits
Voluntary contributions to organization
 Establishment of PDCA system aimed at enhancing engagement
Reform to a personnel system encouraging challenge and growth (introducing job-based system, reviewing course system, etc.)
Promotion of workstyle reform (concurrent jobs, side jobs, etc.)
    63 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 64
Environment enabling
people to refine Job satisfaction Supportive working themselves and environment
embrace challenges

 Business Foundation for Value Creation
Develop People and Enhance Engagement
 Developing Human Resources to Achieve Value Co-Creation
(1) Advancement of Group recruiting
In order to implement the Group’s business strategy, expand its business, and strengthen its governance system, the Kyushu Financial Group established a personnel system emphasizing work results and contributions for the purpose of hiring employees with a high level of expertise in April 2021.
Comment from personnel officer
Enhancing Respect for Diversity and Job Satisfaction
(1) Resolution of issues aimed at enhancing engagement
We will periodically implement Group human resource engagement surveys aimed at resolving issues through en- hanced engagement. We will reflect the results in initiatives enabling employees to face challenges such as human resource development and the assignment of the appropriate personnel to appropriate posts, with the Group working as one to resolve issues related to human resources.
        Personnel / General Affairs Division Akinori Takeda
Aiming for a personnel system enabling workers to feel fulfillment and happiness
KFG has begun recruiting activities in areas such as DX and new business development from the perspective of “developing human resources to achieve value co-creation” with the aim of acquiring highly specialized personnel. Alongside this, the Company has established levels of contribution and required expertise for each job grade, cre- ating a job-based personnel system. I think this will contribute to the community value co-creation by enabling human resources facing the challenge of creating various businesses not only in finance but also in non-financial areas to feel fulfillment and happiness in their jobs. I am also facing new challenges associated with my transfer from the legal and compliance department, and aim to produce results leading to the “reformation” of KFG.
▶Intra-group transfer system
▶Group-wide career support (Group challenge system)
Engagement survey
Environment enabling people to refine themselves and embrace challenges
Issues related to personnel
▶“Concurrent job/ side job” system
▶Enhancement of Group-wide online learning support
(2) Support for the new development, challenges, and assignment of the Group’s human resources
We have established a “Group challenge system” and an “intra-Group transfer system” enabling employees to face chal- lenges in their preferred departments in order to match the aptitude and preferences of individuals with the human resource needs of Group companies, expanding the flow and vitalization of the Group’s human resources.
Furthermore, we actively provide education opportunities while utilizing online environments enabling learning anywhere at any time to develop human resources capable of working in new areas (such as DX promotion and new business creation).
■ Ensuring the flow and vitalization of the Group’s human resources through the Group challenge system and transfer system
Improvement action
Job satisfaction
▶Human resource development for new areas
Supportive working environment
▶Enhancing office environments
Checking results
          ■ Initiatives aimed at expanding development in new areas
■ Comment from a participant of Next-Generation Leader Development Training through the creation of new business
Since last year, I have been taking a graduate school course specializing in new business with 15 members selected from KFG and the two banks.
It is mainly conducted online due to the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, but we have been striving to create new business proposals for the future of the Group. Initially, I was concerned about balancing work, raising children, my family, and next-generation leader development training, but thanks to the on- line tools, I have been able to proceed with the creation of ideas while holding meetings with remote members as needed.
We will contribute to the expansion of the Group’s business in new areas. Sana Manzen, Internal Control Office, Compliance and Risk Management Division, Kagoshima Bank
(2) Enhancement of office environments leading to further improvements in productivity
In autumn of 2021, the KFG headquarters building will be completed for the purpose of exhibiting further combined strength of the Group and contributing to local revitalization and community building. Free addresses will be used in offices, and a creative, healthy, and comfortable office environment will be provided by enabling more flexible work styles than in the past such as enabling online meetings to be held with various sites from anywhere at any time.
■ Images of the building exterior
Exterior concept: The silhouette of a large tree that continues to grow while rooted in the community
Image of sky terrace (7th floor rooftop garden)
    65 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 66

Business Foundation for Value Creation
 Stakeholder Communication
The Group aims to become a comprehensive financial group which is truly favored by its customers, share- holders, local community, and other stakeholders. We will contribute to the sustained development of a whole society through active communication and appropriate information disclosure.
Creation of a Structure to Meet Customers’Trust and Expectations
  Number of employees with asset management-related qualifications
(Total for 3 companies)
Mar. 2020
Mar. 2021
2,036
2,237
        Customers
Local community
   Main methods of communication with stakeholders
We are continuing to conduct education aimed at raising overall skill lev- els and instilling behavior in officers and employees, such as internal train- ing, tests of understanding, expansion of video content in the home learning support system, and acquisition of qualifications.
We conduct NPS® surveys to reflect the voice of our customers in our business operation. We sincerely accept the results of this survey to im- prove our business operation in the future.
■ NPS® survey results
38.9
29.6 25.1
FY2020
      About the NPS® (Net Promoter Score®) survey
A survey that measures how much customers want to make recommendations to friends and family members rather than customer satisfaction, providing an indicator of how much trust and affection customers have for companies, brands, products, and services.
*NPS® and Net Promoter Score® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Fred Reichheld, and Satmetrix Systems.
NPS® = Percentage of promoters - Percentage of detractors
      Employees
Shareholders
Customers
Employees
Shareholders
Local community
Gathering customer feedback, dialogue via branch counters and sales reps
Various opinion exchange meetings, employee awareness surveys, etc.
General meeting of shareholders, investor briefings, individual meetings, etc.
Social contribution activities, financial education activities, supporting initiatives
26.3 19.8 15.4
FY2019
Higo Bank
Average of participating banks
Kagoshima Bank
   Efforts to Improve Customer Satisfaction
Customer-centered Business Conduct
We have established the Basic Policies concerning Customer-centered Business Operations as the group-wide basic policy and announce our Action Plan and its implementation status on a regular basis in order to ensure custom- er-centered business conduct and to further promote initiatives that will lead to the stable asset building and best in- terest of our customers. In June 2021, we revised the Basic Policies and Action Plan, and expanded the content of disclosure of implementation to provide customers with a better understanding of initiatives by Group companies.
Under the Group’s management philosophy of responding to the trust and expectations of customers and provid- ing optimal, high-level comprehensive financial services to its customers, we will continue to improve measures to embed these Basic Policies throughout the Group and work on offering the optimal and best comprehensive financial services to realize the best interest of our customers.
■ Organizing and improving our transaction environment
We are engaged in establishing internet banking and mobile banking environ-
ments and enhancing the functions of ATMs to increase convenience for cus-
tomers and provide non-face-to-face channels during the COVID-19 pandemic.
ATM functions include “ATM money transfer linkage service” enabling custom-
ers to use ATMs in both banks to deposit funds or make card loan repayments
for the accounts they have with either bank, automatic restoration of magnetic
strips on IC cards, and cancellation of time deposits. Furthermore, Higo Bank is
working to further expand functionality such as enabling the transactions re-
lated to reissuance procedures in the event of the loss of a passbook to be completed using an ATM. In addition, we are making our transaction environment simpler, safer, and speedier through services such as the smartphone pay- ment service PayB enabling procedures to be performed without the need to visit a branch and the smartphone ATM withdrawal service (cardless).
   https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/company/fiduciary_duty/
Proposals Reflecting the Wishes of Customers
In the best interests of our customers, we are endeavoring to make proposals that reflect the wishes of customers such as providing financial products and services that are not biased toward specific products, etc., recommending long-term di- versified investment, and utilizing robot advisor functions.
■ Utilization of robot advisor functions
■ Barrier-free initiatives
We are working on making our branches and facilities barrier free so that all our customers can visit our branch- es with a sense of security. We are endeavoring to im- prove our services to cater to the needs of our customers. For instance, we have introduced at all branches a table- top speech assistance device called “comuoon,” which allows customers who are hard of hearing to hear the voices of bank staff more clearly, a portable hearing aid called “Voice Messe,” as well as a service issuing balance and transaction statements in Braille.
comuoon
Braille service
  Providing Accessible Information to a Wide Range of Customers and Evoking Needs
■ Operation of HarmoniCar, a bank on wheels and a mobile ATM vehicle
We have introduced bank on wheels and a mobile ATM vehicle to improve customer convenience and ensure busi- ness continuity during the times of disaster. Using this service, we provide financial services in the areas with few bank branches and respond to emergency situations caused by disasters to help residents in our local community. They were sent to the areas affected by the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020 in an effort to maintain financial services for customers.
Smartphone payment service PayB
Smartphone ATM with- drawal service (cardless)
   FUND STATION
RobodonNavi
 We evoke the needs of a wide range of customers through the provision of accessible information through customer seminars, etc. and the deliv- ery of money advice videos on our website.
■ Number of seminars for customers (FY2020)
912 7,666
 Number implemented
 Number of participants
67 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 68

Business Foundation for Value Creation
 Communication with Shareholders
Communication with Shareholders and Investors
The Group values dialogue with its shareholders and investors for its sustained growth and medium- and long-term improvement of its corporate value and works to develop a structure for promoting constructive dialogue.
Financial Results Briefing Sessions and Dialogue with Investors
  General Meeting of Shareholders
In addition, in FY2016, we began holding management’s
briefing sessions for individual investors in Kumamoto,
Kagoshima, and Fukuoka.
*In 2020, the briefing sessions were cancelled from the perspective of pre-
venting the spread of COVID-19.
Company briefing session (video streaming)
Cash dividends per share and payout ratio
We hold briefing sessions for analysts and institutional investors semi- annually where our management ex- plain our business strategies and financial conditions, among other matters. In June of this year, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we streamed a video of our management’s briefing on our website. We also actively held individual meetings using the web.
For our overseas investors, we annually participate in conferences organized by securities companies to cre- ate an opportunity for dialogue with them, and actively disclose company briefing session materials in English.
Shareholder Return
■ Dividends
Our basic dividend policy is to provide stable dividends through profit growth while improving capital efficiency and enhancing internal reserves.
Based on this policy and our intention to prioritize the return of profits to our shareholders, we paid a dividend of ¥12 per share (payout ratio: 35.1%) in FY2020.
■ Initiatives to speed up dividend payment
In past years, the effective date (payment commencement date) for the fiscal year-end dividend was the business day fol- lowing the ordinary general meeting of shareholders, but this was moved to an earlier date from this year due to our wish to deliver dividends to shareholders more quickly. As a result, the fiscal year-end dividend payment commencement date was approximately three weeks earlier.
IR Magazines
    2021 General Meeting of Shareholders
Based on the recognition that the general meeting of shareholders is a forum for constructive dialogue with shareholders, the Group works to vitalize the meeting and improve the environment so that shareholders can smoothly exercise their voting rights.
Specifically, we send out a notice of the general meet- ing of shareholders around three weeks prior to the date of the general meeting of shareholders, which is before the due date stipulated by law and disclose it on our website and on the Tokyo Stock Exchange website be- fore it is sent out, which allows our shareholders to ade- quately consider the agenda items. We also use the Netto-de-shoshu (online convocation notice) service, which allows our shareholders to easily view convoca- tion notices on their smartphones or tablets.
For the exercise of voting rights, we have adopted an electronic voting platform for institutional investors op- erated by ICJ, Inc. We also organize an environment that
enables our shareholders to exercise their voting rights easily using the internet, smartphones, etc.
In 2021, we held our general meeting of shareholders on June 18 in order to avoid peak days. On the day of the meeting, in addition to holding the meeting at the main venue (Kumamoto City for this year), we livestreamed the meeting via the internet at another venue (Kagoshi- ma City for this year) to make the meeting accessible to a greater number of shareholders, making us the only regional bank in Kyushu and Okinawa to do so.
For this year’s general meeting of shareholders, we asked shareholders to exercise their voting rights in ad- vance to prevent the spread of COVID-19, and 4,436 shareholders voted in advance. Like last year, we will do- nate ¥100 per shareholder to an organization related to combating COVID-19 (Last year, the donation was made to the medical associations in both Kumamoto and Kagoshima).
40.9% 35.1%
 29.4%
(Yen)
15 10 5 0
¥12 ¥12 FY2019 FY2020
¥12 FY2021 forecast
 We practice highly transparent information disclosure providing information on companies, businesses, the Group’s initiatives, etc.
      69 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 70
Kumamoto Medical Association
Kagoshima prefecture Medical Association
Kyushu Financial Group magazine https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/company/magazine/
Mini Interim Report
Website home page

Financial and Corporate Information
 Review of FY2020 and Analysis of Our Performance
Key Financial Data
Operating Results
During the fiscal year under review (April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021), the Japanese economy was impacted by the rapid spread of COVID-19, resulting in stagnant economic activity and extremely difficult conditions. In April and May, a nationwide state of emergency de- clared, and GDP fell drastically during the April-June pe- riod, with an annualized decrease of 29.3% year on year. Subsequently, measures to stimulate demand for tour- ism, restaurant, and services were successful, and there were signs of a recovery near the end of the year. As 2020 drew to a close, the number of infected people increased and a third wave of the outbreak hit the country, prompt- ing the re-declaration of a state of emergency. The situa- tion is difficult and, while there are signs of a turnaround, some weaknesses remain.
In this economic environment, the Nikkei index, which had been sluggish due to the effects of COVID-19, reached the ¥30,000 level for the first time in three de- cades and a half year in February 2021, on the back of a global stock market rally driven by the positive response to economic measures, monetary easing measures, and
Results of operation
Regarding operating results for the current consolidated fiscal year, ordinary income increased 8,756 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 180,896 mil- lion yen due to an increase in other operating income, resulting from an increase in the number of subsidiaries, an increase in other ordinary income, attributable to an increase in gains on sales of securities, and other factors.
On the other hand, ordinary expenses increased 14,106 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 159,213 million yen due to an increase in other operating expenses, resulting from an increase in the number of subsidiaries, an increase in other expenses as a result of an increase in provision for possible loan losses and other factors.
As a result, ordinary profit decreased 5,350 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 21,682 mil- lion yen. Meanwhile, net income attributable to owners of parent decreased 3,248 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 15,012 million yen.
the start of vaccination in various countries. While the exchange rate hovered around ¥105 to ¥109 against the dollar at the beginning of the period, it rose to ¥102 level toward the end of 2020 due to concerns about the glob- al re-expansion of infections. Subsequently, the yen weakened against the dollar due to the rise in long-term interest rates in the United States.
As for the local economy, as in the rest of the country, the first half of the fiscal year was marked by a difficult situation overall, with a significant drop in tourism-relat- ed and consumption-related activities due to COVID-19. In the second half of the fiscal year, consumption and tourism-related activities picked up, partly due to the ef- fects of production activities and the government’s “Go To Campaign” economic stimulus package. Since the be- ginning of the year, there have been some difficult areas, such as a renewed downturn in tourism-related activities due to the suspension of Go To Travel Campaign follow- ing the resurgence of COVID-19, but there have been signs or recovery on the whole.
Financial conditions
Regarding the financial position at the end of the current consolidated fiscal year, total assets increased 1,124,224 million yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year to 12,204,020 million yen due to increases in cash and due from banks and loans and bills discounted and other factors, and total equity increased 63,398 mil- lion yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year to 683,152 million yen.
Regarding the balances of primary accounting items, the balance of deposits increased 950,274 million yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year to 9,509,326 million yen mainly due to an increase in de- posits accepted from individual customers, while the balance of negotiable certificates of deposit decreased 59,913 million yen from the end of the previous consoli- dated fiscal year to 147,356 million yen due to a decrease in deposits accepted from corporate customers and oth- er factors.
The balance of loans and bills discounted increased 393,458 million yen from the end of the previous consol- idated fiscal year to 7,580,359 million yen due to an in- crease in those for the public sector and other factors.
The balance of securities decreased 21,404 million yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year to 2,195,537 million yen primarily due to a decrease in for- eign securities.
Summary of consolidated financial results
Consolidated ordinary income Consolidated trust fees Consolidated ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent Consolidated comprehensive income Consolidated net assets
Consolidated total assets
Net assets per share (yen/U.S. dollars)
Net income per share (yen/U.S. dollars)
Diluted net income per share (yen/U.S. dollars) Capital adequacy ratio (%)
Consolidated return on equity (%)
Consolidated price-to-earnings ratio (times)
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Net cash used in financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
Number of employees
[average number of temporary employees]
Trust properties
Millions of yen, unless otherwise indicated
Thousands of U.S. dollars, unless other- wise indicated (Note 1)
FY2016 172,216
– 21,532 14,602 15,336 615,035 9,638,577 1,334.98 32.12 – 6.2 2.4 21.2
295,430 130,489
(5,598) 741,053 4,648
[935] –
  FY2020
180,896
52
21,682
15,012
68,705
683,152
12,204,020
1,548.61
34.12
–
5.5
2.3
13.9
794,763
(3,590)
(5,322)
1,955,589
4,578
[815]
4,788
FY2020
1,633,962
469
195,845
135,597
620,585
6,170,644
110,234,125
13.98
0.30
–
7,178,782
(32,427)
(48,071)
17,664,068
43,248
FY2019 172,140
41 27,033 18,261
(20,805) 619,754 11,079,796 1,404.71 40.70 – 5.5 2.8 10.1 195,306
(222,741) (11,805)
1,169,723 4,561
[819] 2,586
FY2018 170,322
– 33,717 22,202 27,012 652,317 10,444,589 1,436.34 49.12 – 6.2 3.4 9.1
(32,408) 325,890
(8,243) 1,208,955 4,579
[831] –
FY2017 164,696
– 29,381 19,395 23,971 633,548 10,084,039 1,374.67 42.67 – 6.1 3.1 12.3
(65,602) 253,711
(5,458) 923,705 4,615
[870] –
 Notes: 1. U.S. dollar amounts are translated, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥110.71 = U.S.$1.00, the exchange rate prevailing on March 31, 2021.
2. Transactions of the Company and consolidated subsidiaries are recorded at amounts exclusive of consumption tax and local consumption tax.
3. “Diluted net income per share” is not reported as there are no dilutive shares.
4. “Capital adequacy ratio” is “net assets at the end of the period” less “noncontrolling interests at the end of the period,” divided by total assets at the end of the
period.
5. Trust properties are the amount of the trust properties related to the trust business as provided in the Act on Engagement in Trust Business by a Financial Institu-
tion. Of the consolidated companies, Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank are the companies that operate the relevant trust business.
Non-consolidated total of the two Banks (Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank)
Millions of yen FY2018 140,986 103,821
Net interest income
Expenses (excluding non-recurring expenses)
Net income from core business
Net income from business
Ordinary profit
Net income
Note: U.S. dollar amounts are translated, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥110.71 = U.S.$1.00, the exchange rate prevailing on March 31, 2021.
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
 FY2020
143,761
105,120
90,203
72,514
29,712
26,482
22,668
16,143
FY2020
1,298,536
949,507
814,768
654,990
268,376
239,201
204,751
145,813
Ordinary income
Gross income from business
FY2019 139,042 105,546
FY2017 FY2016 137,171 149,843 99,124 103,769 91,786 92,464 71,045 74,046 31,780 29,815 32,966 28,246 33,682 28,524 23,303 19,602
88,795 70,099 29,785 34,817 34,775 24,096
93,044 69,731 34,025 34,605 35,588 24,520
Billions of yen FY2018 8,581.3
6,896.0 1,207.8
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
 FY2020
9,672.4
7,649.3
1,319.3
FY2020
87,366,994
69,093,126
11,916,719
 71 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 72
Balance of deposits
Balance of loans
Balance of assets under management
FY2019 8,779.2 7,254.6 1,224.4
FY2017 8,590.7 6,486.3 1,123.0
FY2016 8,297.6 6,111.1 1,087.2
Notes: 1. U.S. dollar amounts are translated, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥110.71 = U.S.$1.00, the exchange rate prevailing on March 31, 2021.
2. The amounts of balance of assets under management for FY2017 and later include those of Kyushu FG Securities.

Financial and Corporate Information
Key Financial Data
 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheet
ASSETS:
Cash and due from banks (Notes 4 and 15) Call loans and bills bought (Note 15) Monetary claims purchased
Trading assets (Notes 5 and 15)
Money held in trust (Note 6)
Securities (Notes 5, 9, and 15)
Loans and bills discounted (Notes 7, 10, and 15) Foreign exchange assets
Lease receivables and investment assets (Note 9) Other assets (Note 9)
Fixed assets (Note 8)
Intangible assets (Note 8)
Asset for retirement benefits (Note 11)
Deferred tax assets (Note 14)
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Allowance of loan losses (Notes 3 and 15)
Total assets
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY:
Liabilities:
Deposits (Notes 9 and 15)
Call money and bills sold (Notes 9 and 15)
Payables under repurchase agreements (Notes 9 and 15) Borrowing under securities lending transactions (Notes 9 and 15) Trading liabilities
Borrowed money (Notes 9 and 15) Foreign exchange liabilities Borrowed money from trust account Other liabilities
Liability for retirement benefits (Note 11) Provision for reimbursement of deposits Provision for contingent losses
Reserve under special laws
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 14)
Deferred tax liabilities related to land revaluation (Note 2(f )) Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
Equity (Note 12): Common stock
authorized, 1,000,000,000 shares;
issued, 463,375,978 shares in 2021 and 2020 Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock, at cost, 23,464,730 shares in 2021 and 23,464,212 shares in 2020 Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities (Note 5) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting Excess of land revaluation (Note 2(f ))
Defined retirement benefit plans (Note 11)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income Noncontrolling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of yen
March 31, 2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2021
$ 17,704,182 190,994 138,343 171 151,395 19,831,424 68,470,409 137,837 590,687 2,161,611 1,003,423 96,883 91,500 8,499 343,148
(686,451) $ 110,234,125
$ 87,225,020
1,377,707 6,380,218 144 7,765,197 1,743 43,248 750,790 19,176 13,485 4,263 0 103,378 35,868 343,148 104,063,472
325,173 1,803,233 3,512,410
(97,290)
588,871 (22,436)
51,124 (7,587)
609,971 17,143 6,170,644 $ 110,234,125
Consolidated Statement of Income
Income:
Interest income:
Interest on loans and discounts Interest and dividends on securities Other interest income
Trust fees
Fees and commissions income Trading income
Other operating income Other income (Note 13)
Total income
Expenses:
Interest expenses:
Interest on deposits Other interest expenses
Fees and commissions expenses
Trading expenses
Other operating expenses
General and administrative expenses Provision of allowance of loan losses Losses on impairment of long-lived assets Other expenses (Note 13)
Total expenses
Income before income taxes Income taxes (Note 14):
Current
Deferred
Total income taxes
Net income
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Per share of common stock (Note 2 (n)): Basic net income
Cash dividends applicable to the year See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 17):
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting Defined retirement benefit plans
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
Comprehensive income (loss)
Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to:
Owners of the parent
Noncontrolling interests
Millions of yen
¥
Year ended March 31, 2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
      2021
 ¥ 70,997
25,318
516
52
21,671
440
51,617
10,302
 180,917
 605
8,537
8,783
0
41,275
79,123
14,299
242
6,646
 159,517
21,399
 9,823
(3,566)
 6,256
15,142
 129
  ¥ 15,012
    2021
 $ 641,288
228,687
4,660
469
195,745
3,974
466,236
93,053
 1,634,152
 5,464
77,156
79,333
0
372,820
714,687
129,157
2,185
60,030
 1,440,854
193,288
 88,727
(32,210)
 56,507
136,771
 1,165
  $ 135,597
              ¥
2021
1,960,030 21,145 15,316 19 16,761 2,195,537 7,580,359 15,260 65,395 239,312 111,089 10,726 10,130 941 37,990
2020
¥ 1,173,509 388 14,542 876 18,746 2,216,941 7,186,901 13,273 67,150 285,610 108,885 11,011 4,681 9,301 35,927
(67,950) ¥ 11,079,796
¥ 8,766,321 12,733 232,754 647,317 11 594,946 82 2,586 158,278 2,437 2,101 473 0 37 4,028 35,927 10,460,041
36,000 199,636 379,006
(10,771)
74,783 (61,458)
5,779 (5,024)
14,080 1,803 619,754 ¥ 11,079,796
2020
71,302 26,941 409 41 21,284 474 45,947 6,135 172,538
787 11,042 8,612
34,227 76,686 1,208 118 13,038 145,726 26,810
10,177 (1,755)
8,421 18,389 127 18,261
40.70 12.00
  (75,997) ¥ 12,204,020
      ¥
9,656,682
152,526 706,354 16 859,685 193 4,788 83,120 2,123 1,493 472 0 11,445 3,971 37,990 11,520,867
36,000 199,636 388,859
(10,771)
65,194 (2,484)
5,660 (840)
     ¥
Yen
¥
Millions of yen ¥
U.S. dollars
   ¥ 34.12
 12.00
 $ 0.30
 0.10
      Year ended March 31, 2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
  2021
¥ 15,142
 (9,595)
58,973
4,184
 53,563
 ¥ 68,705
   ¥ 68,582
123
  2021
$ 136,771
 (86,667)
532,679
37,792
 483,813
 $ 620,585
   $ 619,474
1,111
 2020
18,389
       67,530 1,898 683,152 ¥ 12,204,020
15,796 (53,542) (1,449) (39,194) ¥ (20,805)
¥ (20,933) 127
                  73 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 74
See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Financial and Corporate Information
Key Financial Data
 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Year ended March 31, 2021
 Thousands
Outstanding number of shares of common stock
463,375
463,375
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Common stock
¥ 36,000
¥ 36,000
Capital surplus
¥ 198,362
Retained earnings
¥ 366,087
Treasury stock
¥ (5,270)
Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
 $ 325,173
$ 1,803,233
$ 3,423,412
$ (97,290)
(47,674)
135,597
(0)
1,074
$ 325,173
$ 1,803,233
$ 3,512,410
$ (97,290)
Balance at April 1, 2019
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Cash dividends, ¥12.00 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent Purchase of treasury stock Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2020
Cash dividends, ¥12.00 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent Purchase of treasury stock Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2021
Balance at April 1, 2019
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Cash dividends, ¥12.00 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent Purchase of treasury stock Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2020
Cash dividends, ¥12.00 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent Purchase of treasury stock Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2021
1,273
(5,418)
Balance at March 31, 2020
Cash dividends, $0.10 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent Purchase of treasury stock Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2021
Balance at March 31, 2020
Cash dividends, $0.10 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent Purchase of treasury stock Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2021
¥ 199,636
75 ¥ 379,006
Millions of yen
¥ (10,771)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
18,261
(5,500)
Accumulated other comprehensive income Deferred gains
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
 (5,278)
15,012
(0)
119
463,375
¥ 36,000
¥ 199,636
¥ 388,859
¥ (10,771)
15,796
¥ 74,783 ¥ (61,458) ¥ 5,779 ¥ (5,024) ¥ 14,080 ¥ 1,803 ¥ 619,754
(53,542)
(75)
(1,449)
(39,269)
(1,985)
75 (41,254)
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities
(losses) on
derivatives under hedge accounting
Excess of land revaluation
Defined retirement benefit plans
Noncontrolling interests
Total equity
 $ 675,485
$ (555,126)
$ 52,199
$ (45,379)
$ 127,179
$ 16,285
$ 5,597,994
(47,674)
135,597
(0)
1,074
(86,613)
532,679
(1,074)
37,792
482,792
858
483,650
$ 588,871
$ (22,436)
$ 51,124
$ (7,587)
$ 609,971
$ 17,143
$ 6,170,644
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities
(losses) on
derivatives under hedge accounting
Excess of land revaluation
Defined retirement benefit plans
Noncontrolling interests
Total equity
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Accumulated other comprehensive income Deferred gains
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥ 58,987 ¥ (7,915) ¥ 5,855 ¥ (3,575) ¥ 53,350 ¥ 3,788 ¥ 652,317
1,273 (5,418)
18,261 (5,500)
 (5,278)
15,012
(0)
119
(9,589)
58,973
(119)
4,184
53,450
95
53,545
¥ 65,194
¥ (2,484)
¥ 5,660
¥ (840)
¥ 67,530
¥ 1,898
¥ 683,152
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
75 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 76

Financial and Corporate Information
Key Financial Data
 Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Operating activities:
Income before income taxes Adjustments for:
Income taxes paid
Depreciation and amortization
Losses on impairment of long-lived assets
Amortization of goodwill
Increase (decrease) in allowance of loan losses
(Increase) decrease in asset for retirement benefits
Increase (decrease) in liability for retirement benefits
Increase (decrease) in provision for reimbursement of deposits
Increase (decrease) in provision for contingent losses
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
(Gains) losses on securities
(Gains) losses on money held in trust
(Gains) losses on foreign exchanges
(Gains) losses on disposal of fixed assets
Net (increase) decrease in trading assets
Net (increase) decrease in loans and bills discounted
Net increase (decrease) in deposits
Net increase (decrease) in borrowed money (excluding subordinated borrowings)
Net (increase) decrease in due from banks (excluding deposits paid to the Bank of Japan)
Net (increase) decrease in call loans and others
Net increase (decrease) in call money and others
Net increase (decrease) in payables under repurchase agreements
Net increase (decrease) in borrowing under securities lending transactions Net (increase) decrease in foreign exchange assets
Net increase (decrease) in foreign exchange liabilities
Net (increase) decrease in lease receivables and investment assets
Net (increase) decrease in collateral offered for financial instruments, etc. Net increase (decrease) in borrowed money from trust accounts
Interest received
Interest paid
Other
Total adjustments
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Millions of yen
¥
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Millions of yen
Year ended March 31, 2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
  2021
 ¥ 21,399
(9,482)
8,102
242
8,046
(5,449)
(313)
(608)
(1)
(96,832)
9,147
(6,675)
(12)
(1,338)
41
857
(393,458)
890,362
264,738
(654)
(21,531)
(12,733)
(80,228)
59,036
(1,987)
111
1,755
71,208
2,202
99,919
(9,830)
(1,267)
 773,364
 794,763
  2021
 $ 193,288
(85,647)
73,182
2,185
72,676
(49,218)
(2,827)
(5,491)
(9)
(874,645)
82,621
(60,292)
(108)
(12,085)
370
7,740
(3,553,951)
8,042,290
2,391,274
(5,907)
(194,481)
(115,012)
(724,668)
533,249
(17,947)
1,002
15,852
643,193
19,889
902,529
(88,790)
(11,444)
 6,985,493
 7,178,782
 2021
 (626,561)
309,564
321,750
(15,796)
17,517
(6,945)
166
(3,285)
 (3,590)
(0)
(5,278)
(43)
 (5,322)
15
 785,865
1,169,723
 ¥ 1,955,589
     2021
 (5,659,479)
2,796,170
2,906,241
(142,679)
158,224
(62,731)
1,499
(29,672)
 (32,427)
(0)
(47,674)
(388)
 (48,071)
135
 7,098,410
10,565,648
 $ 17,664,068
     2020
26,810
(12,604) 7,421 118 935
(374) 1,176
(406) (165) (10) (98,654)
11,834 93 125
(434) 103 306
(333,762) 198,765
175,897
(24) 477 12,733 25,124 167,970
(853) (90) (4,405) (79,779)
2,586 101,516
(10,648) 3,521 168,496 195,306
Investing activities:
Payments for purchase of securities Proceeds from sales of securities
Proceeds from redemption of securities Increase in money held in trust
Decrease in money held in trust
Payments for purchase of fixed assets Proceeds from sales of fixed assets Payments for purchase of intangible assets
Payments for purchases of shares of subsidiaries that result in change in scope of consolidation
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Financing activities:
Payments for purchases of treasury stock
Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests
Payments for purchases of shares of subsidiaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Foreign currency translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year (Note 4) See notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥
2020
(1,676,373) 278,355 1,196,256
(8,450) 8,102
(14,592) 524
(5,163)
(1,400) (222,741)
(5,500) (5,418) (0)
(886) (11,805)
8 (39,231)
1,208,955 1,169,723
         77 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 78

        Financial and Corporate Information
Profile
Creating a prosperous future
Name: togKyusheu Fintanhcial Geroupr, Inc. with Kyushu Address of Main Branch: 6-6, Kinseicho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan 892-0828
Address of Headquar Details of business
     ter
s:
1, Ren
peic
ho
, Chu
o-ku,
(Location of head office: 1-13-5, Koyamachi, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan 860-0025,
Phone: (096)326-5588)
Banking business:
The Higo Bank, Ltd. and The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd. provide a wide range of financial products and services in the Group’s main operational areas of Kumamoto, Kagoshima and Miyazaki Prefectures, with main branches and branches providing deposit service, lending service, securities investment service, domestic funds transfer service, foreign exchange service, agency service, over-the-counter sale service for government and other public bonds, securities investment trusts and insurance products, and trust business.
Leasing business:
Three of our consolidated subsidiaries operate leasing and lending services.
Others:
Thirteen of our consolidated subsidiaries operate credit card service, consigned computing and software development service, credit guarantee service, financial instruments business, etc.
Kuma
moto-
sh
i, Ku
mamo
to Prefe
ctur
e, Jap
an 8
60-00
17
  Capital: ¥36.0 billion
Group Management Philosophy
    Established: Listing exchange:
October 1, 2015
First section of Tokyo Stock Exchange Fukuoka Stock Exchange
The Group will respond to the trust and
expectations of customers and will provide
  Name:
its cus
the optimaslearvnidcebsetsot compretohmenesrisv.e financial
The Higo Bank, Ltd. Name: The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.
  Address of Main Branch: 1, Renpeicho,
Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan 860-8615
d
Capital:
Established:
Number of employees:
Number of branches: 124 Number of branches: 153
The Group will develop alongside the region
Capital:
Established:
Number of employees:
¥18.1 billion
July 25, 1925
2,173
Ch
Ad
nch: 6-6, Kinseicho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan 892-0828
¥18.1 billion
October 6, 1879
2,130
uo
-k
u
h
u, K
ma
i,
mo
to-s
res
s of M
ai
nB
ra
        (118 main branch and branches, (115 main branch and branches, 18 subbranches,
and actively contribute to the realization of a vigorous local community.
Kyushu FG Securities
Name: Kyushu FG Securities, Inc.
The Group will nurture an abundance of creativity
Address of Main Branch:
5 subbranches, 1 overseas representative office) 18 agencies, 2 overseas representative offices)
  and uainfrgee-spirited organizational culture,
contin
Number of employees: 57
1-13-5, Koyamachi, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan 860-0025
 Capital:
Established:
¥3.0 billion
to challenge itself to move toward a better future.
 Jun
7
e1
,
201
  179
KyuKshyusFhinuaFnincaianl cGiarol Gupro-uIpnt-eIgnrtaetgerdatReedpRoertp2o0rt221021
Number of branches: 4
(4 main branch and branches)
(As of March 31, 2021)
   Shareholding by Shareholder Category
  Classification
Number of shareholders (People)
Number of shares held (unit)
Ratio of shares held (%)
National
and local Financial
governments institutions
11 68
4,977 1,812,599
0.11 39.14
Financial instruments business operators
34
80,405 1.74
Shares (100 shares per unit)
Foreign corporations, etc.
As of March 31, 2021
Shares less than one unit
15,309 —
4,630,388 337,178 100.00 —
As of March 31, 2021
Equity stake (%)
6.29
4.75
4.22
3.32
2.86
2.06
1.83
1.73
1.67
1.63
Other corporations
992
1,145,797 24.74
Non- Individuals individuals Individuals and others
214 5 13,985
484,794 303 1,101,513 10.47 0.01 23.79
Total
   Notes 1. Of the 23,464,730 shares of treasury stock, 234,647 units are included in “Individuals and others” and 30 shares in “Shares less than one unit.” 2. The “Other corporations” column includes 13 units of shares under the name of Japan Securities Depository Center, Incorporated.
Principal Shareholders
Name
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
Iwasaki Ikuei Bunka Zaidan, General Foundation
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co.
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
The Bank of Fukuoka, Ltd.
Takara Kogyo Co., Ltd.
Kagoshima Bank Employees' Shareholding Association
Iwasaki Sangyo Co., Ltd.
Nippon Life Insurance Company
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Address Number of shares (thousands)
2-11-3, Hamamatsucho, Minato-ku, Tokyo 27,680
9-5, Yamashitacho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture 20,936
2-1-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 18,568
1-8-12, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 14,646
2-13-1, Tenjin, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka-shi, Fukuoka Prefecture 12,620
10-1, Kamitoricho, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto 9,088 Prefecture
6-6, Kinseicho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture 8,059
9-5, Yamashitacho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture 7,616
1-6-6, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 7,361
1-13-1, Yurakucho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 7,209
              Please visit our website for our profile, news releases, financial information, IR information, and other various information.
   Please visit our website for details.
https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/
Kyushu Financial Group
Search
IR information https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/ir/
   Initiatives for CSR and SDGs https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/csr/
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
80
 
  Address of Main Branch: 892-0828
6-6, Kinseicho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima Prefecture
Address of Headquarters: 860-0017
1, Renpeicho, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto Prefecture
(Published in July 2021)
       Address of Head Office: 1-13-5, Koyamachi Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan
Phone: (096)326-5588
    