Actions to Achieve the SDGs Through Our Financial Function
As an important part of “shift to a sustainable business model,” the Kyushu Financial Group is working to improve the alignment between its business and the SDGs and to realize the SDGs through its financial functions.
Promoting ESG Investments and Loans
In order to ensure alignment with the SDGs in investments and loans, the Group formulated the Guideline for Investments and Loans in July 2019, announcing that we would also emphasize the impact on the environment and society when making investments and loans, in addition to financials. In business feasibility assessments for investments and loans, we have constructed a system for ensuring implementation of the Guideline for Investments and Loans by triple-checking applications at the first-line sales branch, then loan assessment-related divisions, and finally the Risk Management Division.
Furthermore, in order to support businesses that contribute to the creation of sustainable local communities, we have established a clear definition for our ESG investments and loans, simultaneously setting goals for these from FY2021 to FY2030.
Definition of “ESG Investments and Loans”
“ESG Investments and Loans” are defined as those investments and loans made with the purpose of contributing to medium and long-term sustainability of the local community and the Group, and with consideration to the stability and profitability of the investee and the invest- ment/loan’s impact on the environment and society. The following constitute ESG investments and loans.
■ Promoting the spread of SDGs with ESG investments and loans
We offer loan instruments specifically for the SDGs (SDGs Promotion Loans and Sustainabili- ty-Linked Loans, or SLL) in order to promote local companies’ efforts toward the SDGs. The SDGs Promotion Loan is intended for companies whose SDGs initiatives meet certain stan- dards based on our unique questionnaire, and offers preferential treatment (preferential inter- est rates and/or SDGs consulting fees). In this loan, we also donate a certain amount of funds to the customer’s designated organization. In a Sustainability-Linked Loan (SLL), sustainability performance targets (SPTs) like the CO2 reduction ratio and ratio of female managers are set, and lending conditions like interest rate are set based on the customer’s achievement status of these SPTs.
External credit ratings institutions
(e.g., R&I, District Economics Research Institute of Kumamoto Area)
Second opinions, reporting content verification
Signing loan contracts/Setting SPTs
     Customers
Initiative status reporting/ commentary (yearly)
Banking
 Supporting Recovery and Reconstruction for Local Economies Through Financial Functions
 In the Group’s home region of Kyushu, the spread of COVID-19 and the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020 which caused severe damage primarily in Kumamoto Prefecture have had significant negative impact on the local economy.
We take a variety of actions here, including extension of loan deadlines, exemptions for change fees for repayment/loan condition changes, and special COVID-19 loans for individual and corporate customers affected by the virus. In addition, in order to support the continuation and development of business for SMEs severely impacted by COVID-19 while working to strengthen their financial standing, we utilize the Japan Finance Corporation’s COVID-19 Hybrid Subordinated Loan Program created to bolster the financial foundations of businesses that were im- pacted by the COVID-19-related crisis.
In the July 2020 floods, we dispatched the HarmoniCar bank on wheels and mobile ATM vehicles, visiting a cumulative total of more than 3,000 customers in the affected area. For individual customers harmed by the flooding, we have offered support tailored to the damage they have faced, including various fee exemptions, debt forgiveness and reduction support, special interest rates for services like mortgages and private car loans. For corporate customers, we have offered emergency loans, funding and crowdfunding, etc.
In addition to funding support, we are working in unison as a local financial group to achieve recovery and reconstruction as quickly as possible through setting up phone consultation and special consultation services, holding weekend consultation meetings, and more.Target for ESG Investments and Loans
Cumulative:1
FY2021- FY2030
(incl. ¥200.0 billion for the environment)
tril. yenInvestments and loans for the following funding usesEnvironment: Business contributing to mitigation of and adaptation to climate change, and environmental responsibility
E.g.: Renewable energy business, energy-saving business, de-carbonization business
Society: Businesses that contribute to regional economic revitalization and sustainable growth and that fall under the following categories
Promotion of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries, tourism, and medical/welfare-related key regional industries, start-up support, business successionInvestments and loans in the following instrumentsSDGs/ESG-themed instruments
Privately placed SDGs bonds, SDGs Promotion Loans, sustainability bonds, green Bonds, social bonds, etc.
Sustainability-linked instruments
Sustainability-Linked Loans (SLL), sustainability-linked bonds, etc.
■ Addressing climate change with ESG investments and loans
The Group considers facilitating customer transitions to decarbonization as a business opportunity, and we are actively developing our envi- ronmental business accordingly. Utilizing the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s interest subsidies for businesses investing in ener- gy-conserving facilities, and the Ministry of the Environment’s subsidies for costs in projects for controlling carbon dioxide emissions, we promote customer capital investment contributing in energy conservation and low-carbon customer businesses. In addition, amid the prolif- eration of renewable energies, we are investing not only in solar and wind power, but also in biomass, geothermal power, small-scale hydro- electric power, and other sources taking advantage of our region’s particular qualities, contributing to the mitigation of climate change. In FY2020, we provided environment-related loans of ¥12.98 billion (including loans of ¥11.68 billion for renewable energy power generation), contributing to an annual CO2 reduction of 459,090 tons.
Contributing to Achievement of the SDGs Through Our Financial Function in New Domains
 ■ SDGs consulting
Higo Bank launched its SDGs consulting business in April 2020. The bank supports local companies by utilizing the SDG Compass (a corporate code of conduct for the SDGs) to promote their un- derstanding of the SDGs and help coordinate activities appealing to external parties about their initiatives for the SDGs. In addition, Higo Bank also uses its consulting to provide services utilizing the Group’s resources, such as expertise necessary for promoting the SDGs, such as certification acquisition support, as well as person- nel placement and crowdfunding. In addition to the traditional fi- nancial function of providing funds, the bank will share the Group’s information resources and networks through its SDGs consulting, building a sustainable local community.
STEP 1
Understand the SDGs
What are the benefits of working toward the SDGs? What roles do companies play?
SDGs consulting flow
STEP 2
Determine priority issues
STEP 3
Set targets
What is my company’s vision for itself for 2030?
STEP 4
Integration into management
What kind of initiatives can we take company-wide across multiple divisions?
     Number of loans to renewable energy businesses117Total annual generation
792,901,554kWhAnnual contribution to CO2 reduction459,090 t-CO2*Calculation method for CO2 reduction amount:
Annual CO2 reduction (kg-CO2/year) = Estimated annual power generation (kWh) x Commercial power emission coef- ficient (0.579 kg/kWh)
・Estimated annual power generation (kWh) = Facility capacity (kW) x 24 hours x 365 days x Annual capacity factor per generation source
・Annual capacity factor per generation source uses 2020 estimates from METI’s Calculation Committee for Procurement Price, etc.
Compiling and linking initiatives to the SDGs
What impact will working toward the SDGs have on my company?
Actual investment in small-scale hydroelectric (Source: Hioki Regional Energy Co., Ltd. website)
STEP 5
    ■ Vitalizing the regional economy with ESG investments and loans
The Group is making efforts to revitalize the regional economy through the promotion of the region’s key industries of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries, as well as tourism. As the number of primary industry workers in Kyushu declines, the Group is promoting greater production efficien- cy by providing funds and information resources to foster management talent, support the shift to ICT on farms, and more. We also support the branding of agricultural products through industry-academia-government-financial sector collaboration and the expansion of overseas sales channels using e-commerce. In the tourism industry, we are working to establish a virtuous cycle of regional people, goods, and money. To that end, we are taking actions such as supporting regional events for attracting tourists and promoting businesses for increasing those using community-based tourism.
Reporting and communicating
I want to show people outside the company what we’re doing and what we’ve achieved!
 27 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 28