Growth Strategy
Deepening of regional comprehensive financial service functions
Providing Business Feasibility Evaluation-Driven Consulting
Support for growth of regional industry through evolving financial function
    In supporting the sustainable growth of the region, we are engaged in consulting driven by business feasibility evaluations.
Through deep dialogue with customers, the KFG Group will work in unison to provide advanced levels of consulting, including for business
succession, M&A, and support for business improvement.
Initiatives for Local Revitalization
The Group is collaborating with municipalities and relevant organizations on messaging that promotes the region’s various attractions.
Since September 2020, Higo Bank has been engaged in branding and expansion of sales channels to overseas markets for Kuma Shochu in collaboration with the District Economics Research Institute of Kumamoto Area.
At Kagoshima Bank, with the opening of YOCADO KAGOSHIMA (a facility for lively inter- action) at the head office building in May 2020, the fusion and development of people, services, and goods connected to Kagoshima offers a narrative about local charms through the five senses with the goal of creating a new bustling hub in Kagoshima where liveliness and new value can be born for the entire city. In addition, in January 2021, Ka- goshima Bank received the minister’s award for the local revitalization support tax system (corporate hometown tax payment) in recognition of the bank’s activities to promote utilization of this system.
Our two banks have been commended by the Minister for Regional Revitalization and certified by the Cabinet Office’s Headquarters for Revitalization of Cities, People, and Ca- reers for distinctive initiatives among financial institutions contributing to regional revital- ization. Higo Bank was certified in March 2021 for support and tourist attraction measures in its initiatives to support regional revitalization and promotion of migration and settle- ment from domestic and overseas locations using manga comics in Takamori, Aso Dis- trict, Kumamoto Prefecture. Kagoshima Bank was certified in May 2020 for support in resolving personnel-related issues through its foreign technical intern trainee program.
We will continue to actively contribute to achieving local revitalization in collaboration with relevant institutions.
Initiatives for Tourism
The Group supports tourism promotion and regional vitalization by utilizing the region’s tourism resources and developing/disseminating new tourism content.
Utilizing the Ministry of the Environment’s FY2020 (Supplementary Budget) Promotion Project for Attracting Tourists to National and Qua- si-National Parks, both of our banks are working to build tourism programs and conduct messaging about tourism.
From September 2020 to February 2021, Higo Bank conducted a joint project in collaboration with KUMAMOTO DMC Co., Ltd. to create a nature experience program in Aso-Kuju National Park, create promotional videos, and hold monitor tours.
From July to October 2020, Kagoshima Bank developed and promoted activity programs offering a tour where guests can visit Mt. Takachiho, Kirishima-jingu Shrine, Mt. Karakuni and the Ebino Plateau in the Kirishima area of Kirishima Kinkowan National Park in a single visit, and con- ducted monitor tours for these.
Going forward, we will continue to discover tourism resources in each local area through similar efforts and promote regional vitalization by expanding the flow of population in and out of the region.
                  Kyushu FG Securities
SDGs consulting
Higo Bank launched its SDGs consulting business in April 2020. The bank supports local companies by utilizing the SDG Compass (a corporate code of conduct for the SDGs) to promote their under- standing of the SDGs, connect their business ac- tivities to the same, and help coordinate activities appealing to external parties about their initia- tives for the SDGs.
1,282 325
Number of cases of successful M&A, business succession, business matching
2,000
1,000 568
1,844
2021/3
Agriculture, healthcare business consulting
At the Kagoshima Bank, we have launched consulting services (business due dili- gence, business plan formulation support) for the purpose of deepening business feasibility evaluations for the livestock industry, improving consulting capabilities, strengthening relationships with customers, and more.
In the healthcare and nursing care fields, we have enhanced healthcare succes- sion support, bed function conversion support, business due diligence, and work style reform support, and provide an assortment of solutions that are effective in tackling urgent issues for healthcare and nursing care businesses.
    0 2018/3 2019/3
2020/3
     Initiatives in the Fields of Agriculture, Forestry, and Fisheries
  The Group is enhancing its support for customers’business expansion utilizing the respective strengths of two banks in the fields of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries industries and sharing their know-how.
In February 2021, Higo Bank collaborated with the Kumamoto Prefecture Product Promotion Association to hold the Kumamoto Bussan Online Business Conference, matching producers of agricultural and marine products in Kumamoto Prefecture with food-related buyers such as supermarkets and e-commerce websites outside the prefecture.
Since June 2020, Kagoshima Bank has been using its efforts to support agricultural and marine product producers and to resolve food loss problems to provide ongoing food ingredient donations to children’s cafeterias. These donations serve to not only support the children, who are the future of the region, but also for food education through use of products made in Kagoshima Prefecture.
The two banks will continue to work together to turn the fields of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries into growth industries and revitalize the local economy.
Lending balance to agriculture, forestry, and fishery businesses
  (Billions of yen)
   120
   100
    80
    60
    40
    20
102.2 86.0
106.2
107.5
        37
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 38
Demonstrating synergy effects from skill/expertise-sharing in the KFG Group
Business succession/M&A
Business improvement support
Funds/medical institution bonds/etc.
Business founding/ opening support
Business matching Overseas business support
Healthcare and nursing care business support
Agriculture business support
ICT consulting Personnel placement IPO support SDGs consulting
 84.2
96.3
   0 2016/3
2017/3 2018/3
2019/3
2020/3
2021/3
Largest loan balance
among regional banks
Strategic Pillar II
   What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Strategic Pillar Enhancing the Regional Industry Promotion Function
 Growth Strategy
Enhancing the regional industry promotion function
Regional Revitalization Beyond Financial Frameworks
Practicing issue resolution through collaboration with local communities
Major Priority Measures for FY2021
     Supporting core businesses and expanding sales for key industries in the prefecture
● Demonstration of function of promoting industries in agriculture
● Creating industry clusters and discovering business opportunities
● Strengthening collaboration with external business partners
Practicing regional challenge resolution through industry-government-academia-banking collaboration
● Joint promotion of local revitalization projects with partners
    Collaboration with municipalities for local revitalization
● Planning and execution of regional vitalization measures in collabo- ration with KER
● Cooperation with and support of regional vitalization companies Fostering and vitalizing regional industries through
external collaboration
● Collaborative business planning and execution with external partners
● Promotion of human resources matching and foreign technical
intern trainee programs
● Providing solutions for primary industry business operators
  The Group’s three home prefectures (Kumamoto, Kagoshima, and Miyazaki) face social issues such as an aging and declining population. Under these circumstances, the Group is actively engaged in non-financial businesses as well as its conventional financial functions in order to create a future for the local community and contribute to the vitalization of the region.
Specifically, we are actively working to improve the value of regional brands by making maximum use of local resources, including building flow of goods (distribution/sales channels), returning money (funds) to the region, and the flow of people (tourists/migrants/settlers). These efforts are focused on key industries in the region, like the primary industries, as well as tourism.
With a sense of purpose knowing that our actions will continue to help shape the future of the region, we will work alongside our customers and those in the local community to vitalize the region, including entering the crowdfunding business and personnel placement business (including for side jobs).
  Co-creation of regional value
       Implementing various functions in a digital platform
Community building
Expanding overseas sales channels
Business succession
Solving regional challenges
Regional shift to digital
Personnel shortages
Generating business/ employment, etc.
Stronger existing consulting functions, evolution through new development
Initiatives for Start-up and New Business Areas
The Kyushu Financial Group is stepping up its efforts in the business start-up and new business areas as part of its attempt to improve its con- sulting service menu for business operators.
In July 2020, Higo Bank held the Kumamoto Tech Grand Prix, supporting the creation of new businesses and fostering entrepreneurs looking to change the world from Kumamoto and armed with next-generation technologies and strong passions, in the interest of creation of na- ture-friendly industries like agricultural biotechnology.
Kagoshima Bank has signed a Collaboration Agreement on Local Revitalization Initiatives with eight universities and schools in Kagoshima Prefecture, and from October 2020 to February 2021, it held the Kagin Future Creation Ideathon Program for cultivating next-generation hu- man resources and generating new businesses in the region.
In addition, both banks have launched matching services connecting regional enterprises with urban talent seeking side jobs in partnership with Higin Office Business Co., Ltd. and Skill Shift Co., Ltd., and are working to solve management issues by utilizing side business human resources.
We will continue to engage in initiatives that will help revitalize the region through the growth of local companies and employment creation by supporting business start-ups, existing businesses undergoing an overhaul under new management, and the development of new businesses.
Illustration of scheme for utilizing urban talent seeking side jobs
      Platform for Solving Issues (Fusion of Real and Digital)
      Priority measures
Building a regional digital platform
Regional public organizations
Financial institutions
Banking
Industry
Schools
Agriculture, forestry, fisheries
Real estate, leasing
Electricity, waterworks, gas
Wholesale Retail
Local community
Priority measures
Evolving consulting function
   Public
Academia
       Health care and nursing care
Tourism Accommodation
Construction
  Online check-ups
Distributing event information
Personnel placement
Website creation, etc.
E-commerce malls
Contributing to promotion of regional industries
KFG
Generating new business
Research and consulting Support for adopting ICT Personnel education
consulting
Supporting sales channel expansion
Supporting solving regional challenges
          Manufacturing
  Information and communications
Transportation Postal
    1
Management challenges
Support
Higin Office Business Co., Ltd.
2
Job posting
3
Application
   4 Direct outsourcing contract
 39
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 40
Urban talent
(Seeking regional side jobs)
Regional enterprises
Strategic Pillar I

 What the Kyushu Financial Group Aims to Achieve
Strategic Pillar Enhancing the Regional Industry Promotion Function
Growth Strategy
Enhancing the regional industry promotion function
Strengthening Regional Trading Company Function
Strengthening and building regional trading company function
Support for overseas business- es and wide-area development Assisting customers entering overseas
markets and strengthening local support Supporting sales channel expansion
Leveraging mutual information sharing at overseas Group branches in China and Taiwan (Greater China)
Gathering and disseminating local information
Supporting business development for enterprises entering the local market, primarily local enterprises
Support for growing exports, promot- ing tourism and exchange
The Group’s banks have worked to promote agriculture, forestry, and fisheries industries as well as tourism, which are key industries in the re- gion, in partnership with Haruichiban Co., Ltd. (an agricultural corporation based in Hioki City, Kagoshima Prefecture) and KUMAMOTO DMC Co., Ltd.
In our current medium-term management plan, we will work to expand sales channels for regional products, establish a regional trading company model, build commercial distribution for overseas businesses, and so on. By doing this, we will seek to strengthen and build the re- gional trading company function, with the goal of increasing the value of regional resources and brands.
● Development of new services that connect local areas and urban areas
■ Branding in collaboration with consultants, universities, municipalities, etc.
■ Expansion of sales channels for regional products (via e-commerce,
overseas networks such as China, Taiwan, ASEAN, etc.)
■ Primary industry solutions (management personnel, adoption of ICT on
farms, etc.)
■ Support for local events to attract tourists
■ Regional vitalization for achievement of the Regional Comprehensive
Strategy (in collaboration with the Kyushu Economic Research and others)
■ Business promotion for increasing those aimed at increasing those using
community-based tourism
Establishment of a Crowdfunding Company
Increasing the value of regional resources/branding
The Philippines ■
Greater China
■Hong Kong
●●Shanghai Okinawa
●Taipei
● Various research and analysis utilizing the General Research Office
Tokyo Osaka
[Tokyo and Osaka]
Fukuoka
[Fukuoka]
  Enhancing sales and information center functions in Fukuoka ● Promotion of northern Kyushu strategy
● Support for customers’ sales channel expansion
[Okinawa]
● Reinforcing sales promotion structure (Opened the second branch of Kagoshima Bank in July 2018)
● Enhancing information intermediation function and
developing networks (information collaboration)
Support export of agricultural and livestock products taking advantage of Naha Airport’s hub functions
Expansion of local business partner support network
Providing local financial services utiliz- ing non-tie-up banks
Discovering partners for supporting lo- cal market entry and sales channel expansion
● Support customers through collaboration among banking, brokerage, and trust functions
● Find partners who can help invigorate Kyushu’s economy
● Kyushu Financial Group Fukuoka Building completed (Jul. 2019)
Tourism Agriculture
Strategic Pillar II
In May 2020, we launched operations at Glocal Crowdfunding Inc. (GCF), a crowdfunding company, through joint funding with Music Securi- ties, Inc., Kumamoto Dai-ichi Shinkin Bank, and Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc.
By using the crowdfunding method, GCF aims to supply businesses in Kyushu with growth funds to solve regional issues. In order to turn the resources and ideas of local communities into businesses, we will serve as a bridge that connects the empathy and capital of investors across Japan with enterprise owners, contributing to the development of a sustainable local economy.
The Group works in unison to support the wide-area expansion of our customers’ businesses.
As part of the Group’s activities to support the overseas expansion of customers, both of our banks held the Overseas Expansion Support
Seminar for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises in Kumamoto and Kagoshima in February 2021 for customers interested in entering or ex- tending their sales channels into overseas markets. The objective of these seminars was to provide support in solving business challenges faced by our customers through the provision of information on case studies of companies operating business overseas.
In addition, we will work to strengthen our collaboration with our branch in the Fukuoka Building, completed in July 2019, and the two Kagoshima Bank branches in Okinawa Prefecture, further utilizing these as the Group’s sales and information bases in Kyushu and Okinawa.
Business model: Glocal Crowdfunding Inc.
Investors
(Individuals/ institutions)
¥ Funding
Bridging role connecting empathy and capital
Return (dividends, goods/services)
Business operators
Individuals companies, organizations
■ Broadening initiative projects
In FY2020, we focused on purchase-based and donation-based activities, including di- saster support in Kumamoto Prefecture. From December, we started new invest- ment-based projects.
■ New restaurant project: Promoting Kumamoto craft beer
We allocated funds for operating expenses of a restaurant to open in Amu Plaza Kuma- moto, located inside the JR Kumamoto Sta- tion Building and which opened on April 23, 2021.
Balance of Foreign Exchange Transactions
Fukuoka District: Balance of Loans
(Billions of yen)
500 390.4 446.0 400
300 200 100
0 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3 2021/3
Okinawa District: Balance of Loans
Ongoing projects (as of July 21 2021)
791
739
41 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 42