Develop People and Enhance Engagement
  Developing people creating the future of the Kyushu Financial Group
We will place importance on connections with employees and “reform” corporate culture to enable all employees to feel growth, job fulfillment, and satisfaction.
Executive Officer General Manager of Personnel / General Affairs Division
Seiji Yamamoto
Develop people and enhance engagement
When looking ahead to the Kyushu Financial Group (KFG) in ten years, strengthening of human resource infrastructure by developing human resources is essential for the realization of a Community Value Co-Cre- ation Group. The Group’s 3rd Medium-Term Management Plan (New Medium-Term Plan) has been positioned as a stage of “reformation” that is imbued with the meaning of facing the challenges presented by the new era of the New Normal without being constrained by past meth- ods, and is also a powerful proposal made by young employees. It is set against the backdrop of significant changes in the environment sur- rounding regional banks, the sense of crisis arising from this, and the passionate desire to create a promising future with our own hands. Our personnel department must think how this wish can be achieved. In this context, “Develop people and enhance engagement” was estab- lished as a personnel strategy in the New Medium-Term Plan. Engage- ment refers to connections or ties, and I have understood this to be “placing importance on ties between employees and KFG, among em- ployees and, put more broadly, between employees and customers, creating relationships of mutual trust.” In addition, companies with strong engagement with employees tend to be open and have high productivity. It is vital that we use this engagement as a springboard to nurture people to forge a path in the new era. Until now, I think it has been possible to work with a passive approach. We are significantly transitioning from an era in which it was important to provide what customers want to an era in which it is necessary for each individual employee to independently think about what to do to provide more value to customers than they want, and act accordingly. Furthermore, it is necessary to accelerate the realization of value co-creation by nurtur- ing highly specialized human resources not only in the area of finance. Many employees including young employees have already received training aimed at nurturing specialized personnel in areas such as DX and the creation of new businesses, and the new system is steadily be- ing established.
Creating an organization in which all employees find day-to-day work to be fulfilling
If asked whether we have truly placed importance on connections with employees in the past, I cannot confidently say that we have. This is the reason “Develop people and enhance engagement” has been set forth in the Medium-Term Plan, and the personnel department will proceed with reforms with responsibility and resolve to ensure we fulfill our promise to employees set forth in the New Medium-Term Plan. I also bear this responsibility as the person in charge of the personnel depart- ment. The question is how to enable employees to feel fulfillment and satisfaction in their day-to-day work, and the foundation for this is plac- ing importance on connections with employees. Psychological safety is emphasized in organizational management. This refers to an atmo- sphere in which opinions can be voiced between anyone in the organi- zation with peace of mind. A workplace where employees can work wearing casual clothes creates a sense of security for them. Previously, I think we have tended to bottle up our own opinions due to gauging the feelings of others. However, these conditions are not conducive to discussion, causing a vicious cycle in which people become stressed due to being unable to say what they want to say, resulting in a con- stant reduction of productivity of the organization. Also, creative new ideas cannot be expected if constrained to a fixed approach. It would be impossible to deal with the new era with such an approach. We will conduct an engagement survey of all employees soon, and quickly consider measures to take. We also plan to “reform” the day-to-day work styles of all employees in the Group, and significantly change the job fulfillment and satisfaction of employees by creating a workplace envi- ronment in which they can say whatever they want with peace of mind. Looking ahead, we will implement a personnel strategy emphasizing speed to enable employees to feel “KFG has changed so much.” I am confident that this will create even deeper ties with the customers and local communities beyond them, and enable the community value co-creation.Kyushu Financial Group Personnel Strategy
■ Strategic pillar aimed at developing people and enhancing engagement
Strategic Pillar I: Developing human resources to achieve value co-creation
We will work to ensure the flow and vitalization of human resources, and implement measures to expand the fields where each employee can work to encompass the entire Group. Furthermore, we will enhance the online training environment throughout the entire Group to meet the needs of the New Normal era that lies ahead.
Strategic Pillar II: Enhancing respect for diversity and job satisfaction
The entire Group will work as one to implement measures to enhance engagement, providing greater job fulfillment and satisfaction for each employee, and offering diverse working environments and work styles.
Basic strategy
Develop people and enhance engagement
     Strategic Pillar IDeveloping human resources to achieve value co-creationEstablishment of an environment enabling challenges to be faced in new areas and specialties throughout the Group
  Recruitment and development
Challenge
Assignment
Specialized personnel (DX, new business creation, etc.)
Post challenge trainees for new business areas
Transfer system aimed at Group revitalization
    Strategic Pillar IIEnhancing respect for diversity and job satisfactionGroup-wide implementation of measures to increase engagement High performance
   Employees
Attachment/passion Trust
Organization
Growth opportunities
Supportive working environment
Enhancement of benefits
Voluntary contributions to organization
 Establishment of PDCA system aimed at enhancing engagement
Reform to a personnel system encouraging challenge and growth (introducing job-based system, reviewing course system, etc.)
Promotion of workstyle reform (concurrent jobs, side jobs, etc.)
    63 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 64