Ensuring Compliance
Compliance Basic Policy
The Group positions compliance as one of the most cru- cial management issues, and is engaged in thorough compliance based on the following three principles.
1. We recognize our social responsibilities and public mission, and we earn the trust of society through the sound and appropriate operation of our business.
2. We adhere to laws and regulations, rules, and inter- nal regulations, and we carry out sincere and fair
Compliance Management System
The Group is engaged in thorough compliance by estab- lishing the “Compliance Basic Policy,” which sets out its basic stance and approach towards compliance.
The Group has established a Compliance and Risk Management Division as a division to oversee compli- ance matters of the Group, and convenes the Compli- ance and Risk Management Committee chaired by the President. In the Committee, we report and hold discus- sions on the status of compliance management, man- agement of customer protection, and handling of anti-social forces, and the status of management to pre- vent money laundering, in our efforts to maintain and enhance our compliance system.
Additionally, we have formulated a compliance pro- gram as a specific practical plan for each year to achieve thorough compliance and by doing so we are engaged in the strengthening of our compliance system.
Customer and Personal Information Protection
■ Customer protection
The Group develops a system for management of cus- tomer protection, etc. as part of its efforts to protect cus- tomers’ interest and improve the convenience for customers. Specifically, we classify customer protection management into five categories: customer explanation management, customer support management (re- sponse to customer inquiries and complaints), customer information management, outsourcing management, and conflict of interest management. We ensure that each of these categories is appropriately managed.
corporate activities based on social norms and
management philosophy.
3. In order to ensure the soundness and appropriate-
ness of our business operations, we break off any relations with anti-social forces, etc. that threaten the order and safety of society.
Whistleblowing System
We have set up a whistleblowing system called Compli- ance Hotline as part of our efforts to improve our self-corrective function. All officers and employees across the Group can directly report to the Hotline, facil- itating the prevention as well as early detection and cor- rection of compliance-related problems including the violation of laws and regulations. We have established a whistleblowing hotline run by external attorneys in
Response to the Financial ADR System
addition to the Compliance and Risk Management Divi- sion, etc. within the Group, and have given consideration to enable officers and employees to use the hotline, etc. with peace of mind by ensuring the anonymity and fair- ness of information such as taking appropriate steps to ensure whistleblowers are not identified and specifying that whistleblowers must not be treated unfairly.
    Board of Directors
Our subsidiaries have contracts with the designated ADR institutions shown in the table below in order to resolve complaints and disputes from a fair and neutral standpoint.
  Audit and Supervisory Committee
Kyushu Financial Group
    Discussion/Report/Instruction
Group Management Council
 CR Committee
Customer Relations Center, Japanese Bankers Association
Exclusion of Anti-Social Forces
The Group is resolutely against anti-social forces who pose a threat to the order and safety of civil society, and we are carrying out efforts to create a system that blocks out relations with anti-social forces, as well as making efforts to eradicate all dealings with anti-social forces. Specifically, we are strengthening our response towards
Trust Consultation Center,
Trust Companies Association of Japan
Financial Instruments Mediation Assistance Center
 Compliance and Risk Management Division
Designated ADR Institutions
Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank
Kyushu FG Securities
  Subsidiaries (e.g., Kagoshima Bank)
 Audit and Supervisory Committee
Board of Directors
 Board of Managing Directors
 Compliance and Customer Protection Committee
 Compliance and Risk Management Division
ComplianceCustomer protection
Response to anti-social forcesPreventing money laundering, etc.Guidance/Management/ Instruction
Discussion/Report
 Head office, branches, Group companies
■ Personal information protection
The Group develops a system for appropriate manage- ment of customer information to ensure that the Group’s officers and employees comply with the Act on the Pro- tection of Personal Information, the Act on the Use of Numbers to Identify a Specific Individual in Administra- tive Procedures, and other relevant laws and regulations, and consequently to ensure appropriate protection and use of customer information. We appropriately take care of customer information and make sure it is kept accu- rately and confidentially to prevent loss or leakage, thereby ensuring that customer information is safely managed.
Our Basic Response Policy to Anti-Social Forces is available on the Company’s website.
https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/antisocial
Initiatives for Preventing Money Laundering, etc.
With the recognition that the deterrence of organized crime by preventing money laundering and terrorism financing (“money laundering, etc.”) is a universal issue, the Group is fully committed to preventing money laundering, etc. as one of the highest priorities in the management of its business, and complies with all relevant laws and regulations to ad- dress the issue. Specifically, efforts have been made to prevent money laundering, etc. by establishing the Money Laundering and Other Financial Crime Control Office within the Compliance and Risk Management Divisions at Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank, respectively, and establishing unified policies and regulations throughout the Group, con- ducting checks at the time of transaction, detecting any unusual transactions through systems and other tools, making notification on any suspicious transactions, and improving training systems and encouraging the acquisition of rele- vant qualifications for officers and employees.
Our Basic Policies for Preventing Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing is available on the Company’s website.
the exclusion of dealings with anti-social forces through the creation of a response policy and regulations, etc. against anti-social forces, the expansion of Group-wide anti-social forces database, and the introduction of an- ti-social forces exclusionary provisions in our legal contracts.
  57 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 58