Growth Strategy
Deepening of regional comprehensive financial service functions
Providing Business Feasibility Evaluation-Driven Consulting
Support for growth of regional industry through evolving financial function
    In supporting the sustainable growth of the region, we are engaged in consulting driven by business feasibility evaluations.
Through deep dialogue with customers, the KFG Group will work in unison to provide advanced levels of consulting, including for business
succession, M&A, and support for business improvement.
Initiatives for Local Revitalization
The Group is collaborating with municipalities and relevant organizations on messaging that promotes the region’s various attractions.
Since September 2020, Higo Bank has been engaged in branding and expansion of sales channels to overseas markets for Kuma Shochu in collaboration with the District Economics Research Institute of Kumamoto Area.
At Kagoshima Bank, with the opening of YOCADO KAGOSHIMA (a facility for lively inter- action) at the head office building in May 2020, the fusion and development of people, services, and goods connected to Kagoshima offers a narrative about local charms through the five senses with the goal of creating a new bustling hub in Kagoshima where liveliness and new value can be born for the entire city. In addition, in January 2021, Ka- goshima Bank received the minister’s award for the local revitalization support tax system (corporate hometown tax payment) in recognition of the bank’s activities to promote utilization of this system.
Our two banks have been commended by the Minister for Regional Revitalization and certified by the Cabinet Office’s Headquarters for Revitalization of Cities, People, and Ca- reers for distinctive initiatives among financial institutions contributing to regional revital- ization. Higo Bank was certified in March 2021 for support and tourist attraction measures in its initiatives to support regional revitalization and promotion of migration and settle- ment from domestic and overseas locations using manga comics in Takamori, Aso Dis- trict, Kumamoto Prefecture. Kagoshima Bank was certified in May 2020 for support in resolving personnel-related issues through its foreign technical intern trainee program.
We will continue to actively contribute to achieving local revitalization in collaboration with relevant institutions.
Initiatives for Tourism
The Group supports tourism promotion and regional vitalization by utilizing the region’s tourism resources and developing/disseminating new tourism content.
Utilizing the Ministry of the Environment’s FY2020 (Supplementary Budget) Promotion Project for Attracting Tourists to National and Qua- si-National Parks, both of our banks are working to build tourism programs and conduct messaging about tourism.
From September 2020 to February 2021, Higo Bank conducted a joint project in collaboration with KUMAMOTO DMC Co., Ltd. to create a nature experience program in Aso-Kuju National Park, create promotional videos, and hold monitor tours.
From July to October 2020, Kagoshima Bank developed and promoted activity programs offering a tour where guests can visit Mt. Takachiho, Kirishima-jingu Shrine, Mt. Karakuni and the Ebino Plateau in the Kirishima area of Kirishima Kinkowan National Park in a single visit, and con- ducted monitor tours for these.
Going forward, we will continue to discover tourism resources in each local area through similar efforts and promote regional vitalization by expanding the flow of population in and out of the region.
                  Kyushu FG Securities
SDGs consulting
Higo Bank launched its SDGs consulting business in April 2020. The bank supports local companies by utilizing the SDG Compass (a corporate code of conduct for the SDGs) to promote their under- standing of the SDGs, connect their business ac- tivities to the same, and help coordinate activities appealing to external parties about their initia- tives for the SDGs.
1,282 325
Number of cases of successful M&A, business succession, business matching
2,000
1,000 568
1,844
2021/3
Agriculture, healthcare business consulting
At the Kagoshima Bank, we have launched consulting services (business due dili- gence, business plan formulation support) for the purpose of deepening business feasibility evaluations for the livestock industry, improving consulting capabilities, strengthening relationships with customers, and more.
In the healthcare and nursing care fields, we have enhanced healthcare succes- sion support, bed function conversion support, business due diligence, and work style reform support, and provide an assortment of solutions that are effective in tackling urgent issues for healthcare and nursing care businesses.
    0 2018/3 2019/3
2020/3
     Initiatives in the Fields of Agriculture, Forestry, and Fisheries
  The Group is enhancing its support for customers’business expansion utilizing the respective strengths of two banks in the fields of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries industries and sharing their know-how.
In February 2021, Higo Bank collaborated with the Kumamoto Prefecture Product Promotion Association to hold the Kumamoto Bussan Online Business Conference, matching producers of agricultural and marine products in Kumamoto Prefecture with food-related buyers such as supermarkets and e-commerce websites outside the prefecture.
Since June 2020, Kagoshima Bank has been using its efforts to support agricultural and marine product producers and to resolve food loss problems to provide ongoing food ingredient donations to children’s cafeterias. These donations serve to not only support the children, who are the future of the region, but also for food education through use of products made in Kagoshima Prefecture.
The two banks will continue to work together to turn the fields of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries into growth industries and revitalize the local economy.
Lending balance to agriculture, forestry, and fishery businesses
  (Billions of yen)
   120
   100
    80
    60
    40
    20
102.2 86.0
106.2
107.5
        37
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 38