Measures to address COVID-19
Given the impact of COVID-19 on local economies, and in accordance with the Group management philosophy, the Group positions the safety and security of our customers, local communities and employees as our top priority. We are committed to creating a society that is resilient to pandem- ics in order to achieve economic recovery and realize vibrant local commu- nities in cooperation with our customers and local residents.
Financial Support
Establishing consultation desks
Addressing the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020
 ■ Concept behind our approach to combat COVID-19
The Group provides support to those who have suffered harm from the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020.
We have set up temporary consultation desks so that we can swiftly and appropriately respond to customer requests, and we provide sup-
port to business operators through the utilization of emergency short-term funds in collaboration with Kumamoto Credit Guarantee and other resources. We also dispatched the HarmoniCar bank on wheels from Higo Bank and mobile ATM vehicles from Kagoshima Bank to the affected areas. Furthermore, the Kyushu Financial Group continues to offer reconstruction and recovery support for our customers through a wide range of issue resolution, including holding briefing sessions about the Nariwai Reconstruction Support Subsidy.
 Stages
Growth
Recovery
Emergency response
Vibrant local community
  Short term
Medium Long term term
Timeline
  For customers who have been directly or indirectly affected by COVID-19, or who may be affected in the future, we have set up consultation desks at all sales branches, as well as a toll-free telephone hotline. Customers may use these to consult with us about needed funds and chang- ing repayment conditions, which we swiftly and thoroughly address.
Cumulative investments and loans related to the heavy rain disaster (Includes business funding/loans)
Volunteers dispatched
Customers visited
3,253 customers
177 customers ¥2,237 million
Approx.1,100
   Expanding investment/loan scope for existing funds and expanding investment functions
We will provide more flexible and wide-ranging support to business operators affected by COVID-19, such as with reduced sales, by es- tablishing a stronger support framework.
Loans related to COVID-19
Business funding: Amount and number of loans (as of March 31, 2021)
Launched subordinated loans in collaboration with Japan Finance Corporation
We will provide financial support to business operators whose busi- ness performance has deteriorated with the aim of enhancing their damaged financial base (stronger capital and funding procurement) so that they can overcome the difficult business environment.
Establishing temporary consultation desks
    Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises, Etc.
 Loans issued: ¥285.5 billion
Borrowers: 11,091
Separate consultation
Loans
Co-financing
Subordinated loans to combat COVID-19
Separate consultation
   (Billions of yen)
300.0
200.0
9,031
226.4
Sep.2020
11,091 285.5
Mar. 2021
Borrowers
(Amount)
10,000 5,000 0
Communication/ information exchange
Japan Finance Corporation
100.0
2,327 0 58.7
Apr. 2020
6,207 147.9
Jun.2020
Loans
Issuing preventive allowances
(Billions of yen)
14.7
Year ended March 31, 2021
 On the non-financial side, Higo Bank participated in the Kumamoto Mask Project, a project bringing everyone together via side jobs, purchasing masks handmade by those affected by decreasing in- come and other issues, and distributing these masks to business operators, organizations, and indi- viduals in Kumamoto Prefecture for free. At Kagoshima Bank, we have launched a service for electronic issuance of regional promotion vouchers and gift vouchers using the Paydon cashless app, as we take action to contribute to regional economic vitalization and prevention of the spread of COVID-19.
In addition, in order to support healthcare workers, we donated ¥100 yen to the medical associa- tions in both Kumamoto and Kagoshima prefectures for each shareholder who exercised their voting rights in advance at the General Meeting of Shareholders last year.
Furthermore, as part of our support for the reconstruction of local economies affected by COVID-19, as well as for local revitalization projects, both of our banks paid a total of ¥200 million yen in dona- tions via corporate hometown tax to Kumamoto and Kagoshima Prefectures in September 2020.
Going forward, we will continue our proactive action for the realization of sustainable local communities.
Credit expenses (KFG, consolidated)
Volunteering in affected areas
The HarmoniCar bank on wheels
A mobile ATM vehicle
3. Efforts for creating a future for the local community
2. Efforts for helping revitalize regional economy
 1. Efforts on customers’ business continuity and maintenance of living
   Recorded ample allowance provision as a preventive measure amid the spread of COVID-19
3.9
Year ended March 31, 2019
1.7
Year ended March 31, 2020
Support for Recovery from Heavy Rains
We have opened a new facility in the liveliness creation space on the first floor of the Higo Bank’s Hitoyoshi Branch, serving as a base for recovery from the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020 and for regional vitalization. This facility provides local child-rearing sup- port and forums for exchange, exhibits panels conveying the state of reconstruction and the appeal of the Hitoyoshi Kuma area, and hosts mini-events related to disaster prevention education and awareness-raising activities. In addition, Higo Office Busi- ness Co., Ltd., in collaboration with local municipalities and enterprises, is engaged in a Kumamoto Gamadasu! side-job project supporting creative recovery after the Heavy Rain Event of July 2020, connecting enterprises in the affected area with urban talent. Our aim is to revitalize enterprises in the affected areas by introducing highly capable urban talent who are seeking side jobs to these enterprises that are facing difficulties. Going forward, we will continue to work as a unified Group, striving to aid recovery and reconstruction in the affected areas alongside our customers.
  Non-Financial Support
    43 Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021
Kyushu Financial Group - Integrated Report 2021 44