Training human resources and environmental improvements
Bolstering development personnel
Top core members
Repeated achievements
Core members
Selected to direct rereleases or other titles
Mid-career and younger employees (core member training)
Training programs Support from more senior members
New graduates
Outfitting our development environment
The world’s most entertaining games
Human resources strategy and our propriety program training the people
who will lead Capcom’s future
 Enhancing our development studiosConcentrate development divisions, increase mobility and leadership
Proprietary development toolsRE ENGINE enhances quality and development efficiency
Adoption of latest technologiesWorld-class, cutting-edge 3D scanning, motion capture and VRCapcom boasts the latest in creative development equipment 53 CAPCOM INTEGRATED REPORT 2021
Bolstered title lineup
    
 Value Creation Story
Medium- to Long-Term Latest Creative Report Growth Strategy
Foundation for Financial Analysis and Sustainable Growth (ESG) Corporate Data
Keiko Ichikawa
Senior Manager of HR Development Section Human Resources Department, Administration Division
Aiming for stable growth with a staff of 2,500
The path Capcom has chosen to ensure stable growth into the future is consolidating game development technology and knowledge within the company and steadily passing Capcom’s DNA to the next generation. There are some titles that are developed by smaller sized teams, but these days hundreds of people are needed during the peak development of a major title. We are actively hiring and training human resources ourselves. By doing so, we are able to improve quality and expand our lineup in addition to making games even more interesting by incorporating the sensibilities of the younger generation in each title. That is the aim of our human resources strategy to create a development team 2,500 people strong.
Three human resource development policies to strengthen employee capabilities
Our three human resource policies are early development of talent, putting the right person in the right place, and self-learning.
First, regarding early development of talent, when we hire new graduates, upon joining the company they attend a short-term concentrated program based on their job type, and we teach them specialized skills to develop talent early. Later, they are assigned to actual projects, and under the guidance of those in charge of training, they develop their skills and individuality by experiencing Capcom’s craftsmanship firsthand.
Next, our policy to put the right person in the right place is an effort to strengthen the training of managers so that they can manage human resources appropriately while we make efforts to centralize and analyze personnel information to be used in human resource development and strive to ensure strategic talent management.
And finally, the most important policy is self-learning. We propose and implement human resources training measures based on an approach which holds that people cannot grow on the basis of coercion from others, but rather only through their own aspirations. This is embodied by our Virtual Muchaburi Dojo (roughly meaning, “virtual audacious training ground”), which is a program for training mid- level development personnel. This hands-on
educational program was developed jointly by the human resources and development departments that clearly defines the thinking and behavioral characteristics common to model employees and allows participants to experience simulated situations that mimic development situations. The goal is for participants to gain awareness autonomously through this program. It has been well-received among participants who have said that the level design is wonderful and that they were completely engrossed and enjoyed it immensely. Our unique program encourages autonomous learning while honing awareness.
Transforming employee insight
into customer delight,
all around the world!
“I want to devote my life to the pursuit of fun.” Capcom is looking for people with such ambitions. I am happy to say that we are receiving an increasing number of applications from students who specialized in AI, networks, data analysis, and other areas essential to next- generation game development in their studies. We have high expectations that they will make Capcom’s craftsmanship even more robust.
Capcom has the potential to be the best game company in the world. We can turn the insights of each of our employees into pure joy for players across the world! The human resources department will do everything we can to support our employees and provide a place where they can shine.
World-class 3D scanner and motion capture capable of reproducing realistic movement
Our 3D scanning studio is one of the world’s largest equipped with approximately 130 cameras. Photographing objects from 360°, enables us to scan them as 3D objects. This significantly shortens the CG modeling process and allows to pursue an even higher level of precision and quality.
We have built one of the largest motion capture studios in Japan, boasting a 7-meter-high ceiling, which is equipped with infrared cameras to detect and film humans performing and then converts the footage into computer data. This enables us to pursue action that incorporates different heights and other realistic movements of characters.
Dynamic Mixing Stage, a 3D sound booth recreating reality!
We use a cutting-edge Dolby Atmos system, which can also be found in movie theaters, and which uses binaural technology capable of reproducing sounds with such reality you feel as if you are right there. It also supports aural changes that are happening in real-time and can reproduce any sound or voice from the front or back, or left or right sides, enhancing visual experiences with more realistic acoustics.
Capcom’s continuously evolving propriety development engine, RE ENGINE
It not only enables expressions that appear to be live action, but it is also compatible with the latest technologies, such as VR. In addition, it has dramatically reduced the time required for each process in game development. Another advantage of our proprietary development engine manufactured in-house is that we are able to constantly evolve its specifications with the cooperation of the game development team. It is an important element in the foundation of our ability to achieve world-class quality.
CAPCOM INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 54