Society and Capcom
  Promoting Healthy Relationships with Games
More than a decade of on-site classes for children in school
Games are a relatively new cultural phenomenon with little academic research, and discussions tend to focus on the detrimental effects rather than the educational aspects. Recently, recognition by WHO of gaming disorder made headlines as did the establishment of the Kagawa Prefectural Ordinance on Countermeasures for Addiction to Internet and Computer Games. However, video game creator is a popular future career choice among children, and programming and other such lessons will be made compulsory in Japanese elementary schools starting in 2020. Many private sector efforts are also underway, including opening programming academies for youth. Considering these developments, it is reasonable to expect that the number of children hoping to become game creators will increase. Additionally, smartphone use rates among young people—53.1% of elementary school students and 79.3% of junior high school students—are rising each year. Smartphone games are also gaining popularity and children are growing more familiar with games.
Given this, with a desire to promote social understanding of games, we accept visits to our offices from primarily elementary and junior high school students and conduct on-site classes at schools to promote sustainable economic growth and social development. Class programs have three sessions: Career Education introduces the work done in a game company and its challenges and rewards; Game Literacy Education helps students use their judgement to build a healthy relationship with games; and CAPCOM: Work × Mathematics shows students how mathematics—typically not a favorite subject—is used in work. These programs have been well-received with schools, and Capcom is incorporating educators’ feedback to improve them. In addition, based on prior feedback expressed by educators we launched an online program starting in fiscal 2021, which also allows us to hold classes smoothly even during the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to launch new initiatives to enable us to respond flexibly over a wider geographical area than before.
Altogether, Capcom has welcomed 3,355 children as part of 403 different field trips to its offices (as of March 31, 2021). Capcom has also held 174 on-site classes for 15,726 students (as of March 31, 2021) at schools such as the one held at Miharu Junior High School in Fukushima Prefecture in November 2020.
Relationship with Employees
Promotion of Diversity
Initiatives aimed at promoting the improvement of the work environment for women and proactively hiring non-Japanese
Capcom is currently engaged in initiatives aimed at improving the work environment for women and proactively hiring non-Japanese.
In terms of providing an environment that facilitates women, we introduced systems enabling women to take a leave of absence before and after giving birth, childcare leave and shortened working hours, and promote their use throughout the Company. In fiscal 2020, 34 employees took childcare leave, 17 of whom were men, and 100% of eligible women took childcare leave (fiscal 2019: 23 employees, 10 of whom were men and 100% of eligible women took leave). A high percentage of women returned to work afterwards: 31 (96.9%) returned in fiscal 2020 (fiscal 2019: 27 (100%) returned). As a result, despite it being said that Japan’s gaming industry is generally dominated by men, women account for roughly 22% of Capcom’s workforce, and 27 (10.3%) of Capcom’s managers are women. In accordance with the execution of the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children and the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace, in 2019 we formulated the General Employer Action Plan, which seeks to achieve two things: (1) developing a personnel system that contributes to diversity in work styles, and (2) having women comprise at least 15% of managers by the end of fiscal 2024. In recognition of Capcom’s efforts toward improving the workplace environment for women, since 2014 we have earned the “Kurumin” mark, the symbol of a “company supporting childcare,” from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare.
In terms of the proactive employment of non-Japanese individuals, Capcom is making efforts to strengthen overseas expansion capabilities including creating an English hiring website. We currently employ 192 non-Japanese workers (representing 6.5% of our employees). Going forward, we will create a system for improving motivation in an attempt to increase the ratio of foreign employees, including support for career advancement and the promotion of non-Japanese individuals to management positions.
Number of Female Managers and Ratio of Female Employees (Capcom Co., Ltd.)
Number of Female Managers
27
Ratio of Female Employees (%)Impressions of the on-site classes (An excerpt of this fiscal year’s comments)
Listening to the stories of people who do the work, such as programmers and sound creators, and observing their enthusiasm made me want to be like them when I start working in the future. (Elementary school student)
Because it came from a game creator rather than a teacher, the lesson of how to make and interact with games really resonated with the children. (Elementary school teacher) (The students) seemed to recognize that they themselves were consumers and realize that on the other side of the games there are efforts being made by the game creators. (Junior high school teacher)
22% 21 21
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
(Years ended March 31)
22 22
27
 20
24 25 25 24 24
19
           61 CAPCOM INTEGRATED REPORT 2021
     Value Creation Story Medium- to Long-Term Latest Creative Report Foundation for Financial Analysis and
Number of Foreign Employees
Ratio of Foreign Employees (%)
192
4.0 91
2016
6.5 % 5.6
5.8
6.5 192
Growth Strategy
Sustainable Growth (ESG) Corporate Data
Number and Ratio of Foreign Employees (Capcom Co., Ltd.)
facility in April 2017 to provide a stable workplace environment for creators. As it is located close to work, it provides peace of mind for employees who are married or have children and has been well-received by those who have utilized it.
Please refer to the information below or page 54 of the 2018 Integrated Report.
Supporting employees’ health management
The employee cafeteria was renovated in 2015 when the new development studio was completed. Healthy meals are served for breakfast, lunch, and supper. There is also a massage room staffed by nationally-certified massage therapists at both the Tokyo and Osaka locations to support our employees in managing their health.
Fulfilling employee potential in a cutting-edge environment
The biggest thing when it comes to motivating developers working in a creative field such as games is access to an environment that allows them to bring their ideas to life. Capcom maintains a cutting-edge development environment that includes 3D scanners, a motion capture studio, a dynamic sound mixing stage, and a Foley stage. In this way, we support our creators in fulfilling their vision.
Capcom Juku
Providing an environment for vibrant childcare combining day care and education
Given the desire to quickly improve the issue of long day care waiting lists accompanying a lack of preschools, Capcom’s top management set its sights on the future, desiring to provide an environment in which employees can raise their children with peace of mind while remaining employed over the long term. We operate Capcom Juku aiming to add individual education and growth to standard day care for children.
Capcom Juku goes beyond caring for infants and preschool children and accepts a wide range of youth, including after-school kindergarten and elementary school students. This helps employees avoid the stress of not being able to find open facilities for their children. Furthermore, by offering educational support in the form of a place for learning English, eurhythmics, math, science, and other subjects, Capcom Juku joins its efforts with employees and fosters the growth of children. Currently, as of March 31, 2021, the school takes care of 19 children a month and accepts as many as 18 temporary pupils a month.
In the future, we will create a learning atmosphere at Capcom Juku that stimulates and broadens children’s curiosity, while also striving for an environment where parents can work with peace of mind so that both they and their families can lead fulfilling lives.
   4.3 99
2017
4.2 149 162 107
   2018 2019 2020 2021
(Years ended March 31) Alicia Kim
Senior Director Communications Capcom U.S.A., Inc.
I oversee the North/South American PR, social/community, and customer service teams, which are responsible for communications including those with media, fans and customers. I myself am a big fan of Capcom’s games which makes it even more rewarding to see the recognition and reputation of our brands grow through our hard work. During the COVID-19 pandemic, there were restrictions in place preventing us from having regular face-to-face interactions with others including colleagues, media partners and player communities. However, by adapting our approach to use digital tools and strategies, we were able to find new ways to achieve our goals in an effective manner. As a manager, I endeavor to lead in such a way that allows team members to demonstrate their full potential by fostering a supportive atmosphere and collaborative culture.
Comments from
a female employee
  Providing a Pleasant Workplace
Promoting work-life balance
Creating entertainment culture requires that creators themselves make time for play.
At Capcom, we have established Paid Leave Promotion Days and encourage employees to take extended leave to refresh and look for new sources of inspiration during the year-end/New Year’s holidays as well as during the series of holidays in May. Additionally, we have built a four-story bicycle parking facility near our development studio and encourage our employees to live within a five-kilometer radius to shorten commuting times. This saves time and living costs while giving creators the free time necessary to cultivate their creative powers and imaginations, which is essential for creative work. Moreover, we opened Capcom Juku as an on-site daycare
CAPCOM INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 62