Energy Management
The Energy Management domain addresses a market that aims to create a world in which people can live comfortably through increased use of renewable energy in response to climate change caused by rising levels of CO2 emissions. The business segment in this domain is Environmental Solutions Business under the Other Businesses.
At OMRON, we contribute to a cleaner global environment by providing PV inverters for solar energy systems that create renewable energy. We also provide electricity storage systems that make effective use of energy.
Social Issues
Acceleration of global warming due to increasing CO2 levels
Global warming is a global environmental issue caused by increasing emissions of greenhouse gases such as CO2. Scientists predict an increase in unusual weather patterns and a rise in sea level as our atmosphere heats up. These changes will bring environmental destruction and economic losses on a global scale. While ever-increasing industrial activity may enrich people’s lives, it is also damaging the global environment.
In response to these issues, Japan submitted a draft resolution to the United Nations in 2015. This resolution targets a 26% reduction in greenhouse gases by 2030 compared to 2013 levels. The Japanese government announced the need for a 40% reduction in residential and business emissions to reach this goal. Worldwide, policies have been proposed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with COP21*1.
In response to these initiatives, OMRON will
Value Provided
Maximizing energy efficiency
OMRON offers a wide range of products and services that maximize energy efficiency. Our concept is to generate energy without waste, to store energy effectively, and to use energy wisely.
PV inverters convert direct current electricity generated by solar panels into the alternating current used in homes and other applications.
contribute to the growing market of renewable energy, reducing greenhouse gases by providing PV inverters and storage systems for solar power systems.
*1 COP21 (2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference): Conference held in Paris in 2015 to discuss measures to deal with global warming in 2020 and beyond. The proposed new framework was intended to supersede the Kyoto Protocol.
■Outlook for Equipment Capacity
Based on Worldwide Renewable Energy
Equipment Capacity(GW)
3,000    Sunlight    Solar heat    Wind
  2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
   Biomass    Geothermal     Ocean energy
2012 2020
      46 OMRON Corporation
OMRON PV inverters are used at homes and in industries across Japan. We have held the leading share in the home-use market for the past five consecutive years.
In 2015, we introduced our hybrid storage system for solar power. With this system, a single PV inverter can handle both solar panels
2040 (year) (Source) International Energy Agency
2025 2030 2035
    
  and storage batteries. This system makes efficient use of energy generated from sunlight and supports what is expected to be a rapidly growing demand for captive consumption of solar power.
OMRON will continue to maximize energy efficiency and contribute to a sustainable society by expanding our lineup of solar PV inverters and storage systems.
        Goal for Fiscal 2020
 Sustainability Goal:
11 .2
PV / storage system cumulative shipped capacity
Relevant Sustainable Development Goal
Affordable and Clean Energy
■ Main Products
Energy Generation Products:
GW
       Energy Storage Products:
     PV Inverter PV Inverter (single-phase type) (three-phase type)
Flexible Storage System
Integrated Report 2017 47