
Priority Issue 1 
The Aichi Steel Group is undertaking measures to further ensure governance and compliance, enhance awareness of legal Materiality compliance, and conduct sound business activities worldwide. We are also revising our management structure and conducting 
thorough employee training to quickly address risks. 
  
Corporate Planning Committee 
Chair: Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager Members: Directors, executive officers, Audit & Supervisory Board Members 
Person responsible for legal compliance 
Director in charge of General Affairs Div. 
Each division 
Departmental person responsible for legal compliance 

Value the spirit of our founders, who ambitiously created from scratch the steel to manufacture Japan's first domestic motor vehicle. 
Face all things with sincerity, taking ownership, and approach 
your work with an attitude of "I will." 
Go to the workplace and see for yourself (Genchi Genbutsu), 
then resolve problems by reducing the gap between the fundamental principle (Genri Gensoku) and reality. 
Noble ambitions 
 
Sincerity 
     
Genba-ism 
Compliance Liaison Meeting 
Persons in charge of compliance 
10 

6 
5 

Customers and team members 
Contribute to society by producing products that are chosen by customers, and create a company where teamwork fills our team members with happiness. 
General Legal Compliance Site 
General Affairs Div. 
Various departments 
  
Good thinking Good products 
Always anticipate the future, use our knowledge and curiosity to maximize creativity as good products come from good thinking and combine our strengths to head into a new world. 

 
Appoints/Dismisses 
Board of Directors 
Shareholder's Meeting 
Appoints/Dismisses 
Reports to Reports to 
Appoints/ Dismisses 
Accounting Audit Team 

Inquiry Response 
Evaluates the appropriateness of the account audit Audits 
Audits 
Audit & Supervisory Board 
Audits 
President 

Officer Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
Makes decisions/Supervises Appoints/Dismisses 
Audit Dept. 
Audits 
Reports to 
Instructs/Supervises 
Instructs / Supervises Makes decisions/Approves 
Instructs / Supervises 

Management Committee 
(Deliberation of critical issues, etc.) 
Executive committees 
Makes proposals to/ Reports to 
Companies/Headquarters/Departments 
Reports to Advises/Aids 
 
Group Companies 
Increase Compliance Awareness Globally, and Strengthen Corporate Sustainability 
ISO 26000 relevance 
6.2 Organizational governance 
6.6 Fair operating practices 
SDGs relevance 
Compliance 
● Compliance promotion system 
We aim to be a trusted company through the protection of human rights and compliance with laws and regulations, and by respecting public decency. To enhance the overall compliance of our Group, the Corporate Planning Committee—headed by the Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager—sets and reviews compliance policies on a regular basis. 
Based on our internal rules and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, we strive to improve our compliance with laws and regulations as well as our social common sense. We enhance employee awareness by distributing compliance manuals, and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines. 
■ Compliance promotion system 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 2019 
  
Corporate governance 
● Basic approach to corporate governance 
The basic CSR policy of the Aichi Steel Group is “striving to contribute to sustainable development of society and the Earth through sound corporate activities.” With this in mind, we aim to manage our company in a way that always enjoys extensive trust of our shareholders and society by establishing and maintaining an organization capable of responding swiftly to changes in business environments and a fair and transparent management system. 
We also fully comply with the Corporate Governance Code, and submit a report regarding disclosure to the Tokyo Stock Exchange. We review our compliance status once a year and make amendments or changes as required. 
● Corporate governance structure Aichi Steel uses an Audit & Supervisory Board. This system 
concentrates authority and responsibility for business execution to the Board of Directors, as the ultimate body for management decision making, and assigns the role of audit and supervision of the Board of 
■ Aichi Way 
● Whistle-blowing system 
In fiscal 2018, a total of 13 cases were reported to the Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline, the company's whistle-blowing system. 
We will continue promoting recognition and awareness of our whistle-blowing system among employees to further improve our internal ability to govern ourselves. The president will be informed and confirmation will be made that such measures are carried out. We will also specify in the Code of Corporate Ethics how the system is operated and rules on the protection of whistle-blowers to ensure that whistle-blowers are protected. 13 
cases 
■ Changes in whistle-blowing cases Contact point 
■General Affairs Div. ■Audit & Supervisory Board Member ■Lawyer 

In January 2018, we established the Aichi Way as a set of universal values and codes of conduct for the Aichi Steel Group with a focus on the three concepts of Sustain, Appreciate, and Create. By instilling the Aichi Way among all Group officers and employees, and ensuring each person puts it into practice, we aim to strengthen our business foundations and show our integrity as a business group. 

Aichi Way 
Founding spirit 
Working together to be an even better company! 
(Cases) 
14 12 10 
8 6 4 2 0 
12 
13 

Happiness for everyone 
Heading to a bright future 
systems that function effectively to ensure objectivity and neutrality of management oversight. 
Internally, we also develop and properly operate systems to ensure the appropriateness of our operations in line with the Internal Control System Basic Policy. 
2014 

Directors to the Audit & Supervisory Board and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, which are independent of the Board of Directors and business execution. We believe this system achieves appropriate management decisions and execution of duties while providing sufficient organizational checks and balances. We employ two independent outside directors and two outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members, with extensive experience and broad insights as managers, who supervise and audit the execution of duties of the directors, and we develop 
■ Corporate governance system diagram 
We periodically hold Business Regulations, Procurement Edition seminars to improve compliance with the Subcontracting Act, which is closely connected to our procurement transactions, and to avoid breaches of the act that is easy to fall foul of. 
times(Feb, Apr, Jul, Oct) On-site compliance training 
locations (Oct, Nov) 
21 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 22 
Level-based training 
CSR workshops 
248 
4 
CSR Seminar 
participants (10 levels) Compliance Liaison Meeting 
(crime and harassment prevention) 
1 
times (Apr, Jul, Oct, Dec) 4 10 
time 
(Dec) 
2017 2018 (FY) ● Fair transactions with suppliers 
2015 2016 
 
● Compliance promotion activities To enhance the compliance awareness of employees, we provide education 
on compliance to all employees. The importance of compliance is also covered in the Action Guidelines workshop held for those promoted to each level within the organization. In addition, other corporate scandal case studies are reported to the Compliance Liaison Meeting to help prevent the recurrence of similar compliance incidents. 
We also hold CSR seminars on preventing harassment, and on-site compliance training at each plant for the purpose of preventing crime and harassment. 

Priority Issue 1 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 2019 
Risk Management 
● Risk management system We have established internal rules, such as risk management 
rules and disaster prevention rules, and have established a risk management system, so that if we face or predict a serious risk, we can take prompt and appropriate action and ensure sound business operation. 
● Risk management education 
We have newly developed a curriculum for “risk management” designed for training of all job classes, where we explain how risk management is positioned and emphasized in CSR, and we include actual cases of crisis at Aichi Steel to heighten employees' risk awareness and ensure they understand what to do to prevent crisis occurrence/recurrence and what initial response to take when a crisis occurs. 
As a result of the accident on January 8, 2016, we have declared January 8 to be Start Over Day at Aichi Steel to raise awareness of our commitment, confirmed by everyone at Aichi Steel, to preventing such an accident from recurring. We have also established a permanent Education Center to teach and pass on to the next generation the lessons learned from the accident and our other failures, and have started providing special safety training to all employees. 
■ “Step Up Plan” initiatives and outcomes In February 2019, we held a “Step Up Plan Review Meeting” 
where all employees were able to share the outcomes of their activities. 
Based on lessons learned from the January 8 accident, the “Step Up Plan” is a three-year project designed to raise the bar for manufacturing across the whole company. With activities conducted on four themes since 2016 now complete, we confirmed the outcomes and shared challenges for further improving ourselves. We will continue tackling new challenges and passing on the lessons learned so that the whole company will be able to step up to an even higher level. 
Examples of companywide initiatives on four themes 
● Disaster prevention measures 
We established the Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee through which we are developing disaster prevention measures in the event of an earthquake in the Nankai Trough. 
Including responding to warnings from the government (information issued instead of official warnings when an earthquake cannot be predicted), we have also started collecting information from the government and related companies rather than taking action alone. In preparation for an earthquake in the Nankai Trough, which has a high degree of probability in the future, we are aiming to achieve damage minimization through self-help. The main actions implemented during fiscal 2018 are detailed below. 
■ Review of earthquake preparedness promotion committee 
The Production Recovery Subcommittee, operated up until fiscal 2017, was disbanded and its activities were consolidated into another committee. Responsibility for remaining issues was absorbed by the Human Safety Subcommittee and Facility Safety Subcommittee. 
Initiatives 
■ Human Safety Subcommittee 1. Improvement of disaster prevention capabilities 
(1) Proficiency in use of disaster prevention equipment and materials • Emergency rice cooker training during dormitory disaster drills • Cooker training and joint demonstrations with manufacturers of manual 
water purification systems 
■ Facility Safety Subcommittee 1. Improvement of escape route safety 
(1) Implementation of safety measures • Bolster shelf attachment: Forging Plant • Installation of crane escape equipment: Chita Plant • Installation of emergency gas shut-off valves: Chita Plant 
2. Measures to minimize damage to buildings and equipment, etc. 
(1) Liquefaction measures • Completed elevated construction of Aichi irrigation system (industrial 
use water) pipes: Chita Plant (2) Additional measures after Kumamoto earthquakes (April 2016) 
• Derailment prevention of cranes: Kariya Plant, Forging Plant (completed), Chita Plant (planned for completion in 2019) 
■ Other actions 1. Cooperation with domestic subsidiaries 
(1) Multiple communication methods secured • teleconferencing systems installed: 7 companies 
2. Identification of issues through companywide emergency drills 
(1) Emergency drills for production line workers • Consider using model workplace to conduct drills and extend to other 
workplaces 
(2) Nighttime disaster prevention drills • Conducted for selected workplaces in administration departments 
(3) Prompt employee roll calls • Shorter roll call times through deployment of information sharing system 
Information security 
● Information security promotion system Recognizing the importance of information security 
management, and in compliance with the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG), we have established internal structures, provided employees with information and education on rules and regulations, and conduct inspections and so on. 
The Risk Management Department conducts security inspections to ensure that there are no issues with external email, that employees do not carelessly take internal information outside the office, or that USB memory, cameras, and other devices are handled properly. Along with enhanced checking functionality in the system, including the adoption of a system of alerts to persons in charge of confidentiality management in each department in the event of unauthorized access to confidential information, we are further enhancing our confidentiality management structure to also provide advice from experts. 
We have applied the ATSGs at all Group companies, and are enhancing information security across the entire Aichi Steel Group. 
■ Information security promotion system Management system and roles of each department 
● Information security guidelines We, for security controls and to prevent leakages of personal 
information, have established rules regarding the procedures for handling documents and data, sending and receipt of email, and management standards and procedures for computers and peripheral devices. 
Examples of rules: • Document control rules • Information security control rules • Information disclosure rules • Private information protection rules, etc. 
We carefully handle and strictly control any information held by the Company or by any Group company, and any information obtained from our customers, suppliers or employees, etc., in accordance with our internal rules. 
Definition of Confidential Information 
All information, products, and facilities, regardless of form, designated as subject to restrictions on disclosure by the confidentiality management supervisor specified under the information security system. Confidential information regarding other companies obtained through proper means is also included. 
● Information security awareness and education 
Through our CSR meetings, management receives updates on current Group information security management levels, as well as issues and ongoing efforts, ensuring a common awareness of information security as a management issue. For employees, a check is conducted using an "information security checklist" for every employee using a personal computer in their day-to-day work, regarding handling of information devices and various related rules. Based on those results, staff responsible for education in each department, along with department heads, provide individual instruction. 
We also present public incidents of information leaks in a news format, and issue company-wide alerts when a computer virus or other malicious program is discovered in the Company, in order to raise awareness of security controls. 
12 
  
Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee 
(General administration office: General Affairs Div.) 
* Name changed May 2017 

Human Safety Subcommittee (Office: Human Resources Div.) 
Role Specify actions to Mission protect lives 
  
Facility Safety Subcommittee (Office: Facility Engineering Div.) 
Maintain buildings Role and facilities to 
Mission protect lives 
Overall control 
Administrative Depts. 
Director in charge of General Affairs Division •Person responsible for confidentiality management 
General Affairs Division and IT Management Division •Creates and revises measures related to the 
management of confidential information •Audits and provides guidance according to the 
confidentiality management status across the 
entire company •Manages systems (both technical and human aspects) 
  
In each department 
Role 
•Assumes all responsibility for confidential information within the division 
•Designates people in charge of confidentiality management 
•Has the final say in confidentiality classification •Designates employees authorized to create 
top-secret documents •Implements self-auditing of confidentiality 
management status •Establishes rules for the division 
•Acts under the authority of the confidentiality management supervisor (Designates confidentiality classification and sets the operating rules within the division) 
•Works to promote and fully establish confidentiality management in the division 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management 
•Gives approval, instructions, and guidance related to confidential information used in their location 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management •Reports accidents, damage, illegal acts and 
wrongdoing to his/her superior 

Confidentiality management supervisor (General managers of individual divisions) 

Confidentiality management person (Manager, who is the person in charge of compliance, designated by the general manager) 
1. Safety and security 
• Fail-safe functions based on safety/security evaluations • Safety function updates 
2. Product and manufacturing management systems 
• Centralized management from orders to shipping • Product code refresh • Building integrated management systems from steel 
to forging 
3. BCP/BAP mechanisms 
• Building alternative production mechanisms • Damage prevention 
4. Culture, awareness and branding reform 
• Enhancing compliance, management capabilities, and business foundations 
• Improving quality, corporate value, and brand image • Enhancing CSR 

Representative managers, etc. 

23 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 24 
