
Priority Issue 2 
Materiality 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to create a strong organization by maximizing the potential of individuals through the creation of environments in which diverse human resources can play an active role. This includes not only consideration of a wide variety of human rights involving nationality, language, culture, age and gender, but also encompasses women, seniors, people with disabilities, and those combining work with child-raising or care-giving. 


Aichi Steel employees 
Suppliers 

Contact point 
Internal General Auditor External Legal Affairs Div. representatives 
Investigation team (Investigation/Interviews) President / Committees 
  
0.66 
  
0.45 0.45 

0.16 0.16 0.15 0.15 
  
Encourage the Creation of Workplaces That Are Safe and Comfortable for All Employees 
ISO 26000 relevance 
6.3 Human rights 
6.4 Labor practices 
SDGs relevance 
Human resources development 
● Global human resources development 
In April 2017, we relaunched our Overseas Trainee (OT) program, and stationed one young employee in Thailand from April 2017 to September 2018. 
In this new program, we are focusing on providing real work experiences at overseas affiliates, and on language studies to enable trainees to work alongside local employees using the local language. The trainee in Thailand attended language school to learn Thai while working on specific training topics. 
We believe this system will improve understanding of the local languages and cultures, and enhance relationships with local staff. 
As we increase our physical presence around the world, we are providing more opportunities for our young employees to work overseas. 
The experiences provided in this training system help participants understand the significance of working overseas and the importance of communicating in the local languages, and through that we hope to help them grow into globally active employees of Aichi Steel. 
Employee health and safety 
● Efforts to eliminate risks that lead to occupational accidents 
We are changing our safety culture, creating safe workspaces, eliminating accidents leading to occupational accidents, and never forgetting the lessons learned from the January 8 explosion. We are restructuring our workplace safety by preventing recurrence of fires and explosions, and improving workplaces that have high risk of serious accidents. We are also improving safety management by improving communication with operators in the factory and listening to problems related to work issues. 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 2019 
  
Respect for human rights and creation of comfortable workplaces 
● Specialized technical training 
Since August 2016, we have been providing specialized technical training for all skilled workers in forging plants to provide systematic training on the knowledge and skills needed at those plants. 
To raise understanding of the purpose and necessity of each task, and lead to “Kaizen”, the roles of skilled workers, from the fundamentals of manufacturing to the essentials of the facilities that create products and measures for dealing with abnormalities, are divided into three ranks (Rank C, Rank B, and Rank A), and the training is organized so that workers learn in steps (Rank C: five years after joining the company; Rank B: 10 years after joining the company; Rank A: first-level supervisor). 
The hands-on training combines knowledge learning and practical skills acquisition. Trainee proficiency is confirmed through written tests, and determinations of whether trainees have reached a level that can be used in practical work are confirmed through presentations on examples of improvements and on-site monitoring. Trainees who pass receive ranked certification. With Rank C training starting in fiscal 2016, and Rank B training starting in fiscal 2017, we are continuing to expand training activities. 
By having all skilled workers undergo this training, a culture of asking “why?” will be created and the handing down of technology and skills to successors will be encouraged. 
● Health promotion efforts We prioritize mental health, lifestyle-related disease prevention 
and health management support for employees assigned overseas, and systematically implement relevant initiatives. As a result, we were recognized for the second consecutive year as a Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization (White 500 category), in a program adopted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi. We work to maintain and promote the health of our employees, which is a priority issue for the company. 
● Mental health activities 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to maintain the mental health of its employees and prevent the development of mental issues, through various educational programs and individualized mental health care based on the results of stress check tests. 
We have also provided advice to workplaces that were determined to be at high risk for mental health based on analysis of these results. 
From the perspectives of self-care and line care, we held mental health seminars in cooperation with Tokai City to deepen employee understanding of self-expression, to facilitate personal relationships in the workplace, and prevention of harassment. Going forward, we will continue working with supervisors to promote the creation of open workplaces that enable free discussion, to prevent the development of mental issues, and enable early detection of issues and early provision of care. 

● Initiatives toward respect for human rights The Aichi Steel Group states in the Aichi Steel Group Action 
Guidelines that it will comply with domestic and foreign laws and regulations both in letter and in spirit, and that it will respect human rights, and sets out behavioral standards for this. 
Through level-based training and other educational opportunities, we cultivate a corporate culture in which the diversity of each employee is respected. Workplace study sessions are held with the goal of preventing workplace harassment, and a “Hotto (hot)” line is in place for use by employees with issues regarding human rights. This system enables employees to consult directly with advising legal representatives. 
Initiatives toward diversity 
● Promotion of more active roles for women in the workplace 
Aichi Steel considers the promotion of diversity to be an important part of its management strategy, and as part of that is strengthening measures to promote more active roles for women. We proactively hire more female employees, setting goals for the percentage of female hires among regular university hires. We also run seminars aiming to spread understanding of how to promote active roles for women, as well as career design training for female employees and their bosses. In this way, we are advancing initiatives to support women in developing their skills. As part of our culture and awareness reform, we are holding diversity seminars to help create an environment where employees can balance work with family-life and child-raising duties. 
▲Diversity seminar on male participation in domestic and child- raising duties 
■ Aichi Steel Compliance Hotline flowchart 
Report (can be anonymous) 
Feedback of outcome 
Collaboration 
Report 
● Promotion of employment for people with disabilities 
We have employees with disabilities working in a range of workplaces, from our manufacturing sites to administrative divisions. To enable them to remain at work, it is important to not only provide the appropriate work support but to provide them with work that suits their individual abilities, so at the time of recruitment, we follow a program of practical training and interviews to decide where to assign them. With the majority of people with disabilities working at Aichi Steel being those with intellectual impairments, we hold seminars aimed at developing their capabilities and workshops aimed at helping them acquire internal qualifications as part of continued support to provide them with rewarding careers. We are also systematically training and allocating Vocational Life Consultants for Persons with Disabilities and Job Coaches to provide work-related coaching to develop workplaces where all employees can enjoy working together. 
● Post-retirement reemployment system We have in place a Nice Senior System, which in principle 
allows all employees who wish to work after retirement to continue working until they begin receiving their pensions. To make work more enjoyable for our older employees, we are also creating workplaces that are easier to work in and we are reassessing employee benefits. 
■ Number of lost-time accidents and lost-time frequency rate 
 
(Cases) 
5 4 3 2 1 0 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
(%) 
1.00 
0.75 
0.50 
0.25 
0.00 
(FY) 
 
25 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 26 
