
Priority Issue 3 
Products provided by the Aichi Steel Group are important parts directly related to automobile running, turning and stopping. 
To offer customers greater peace of mind in using our products, it is essential that we provide a stable supply of high quality Materiality products. To ensure our products gain the trust of our customers around the world, we are aiming to become an integrated forging and steel making company that provides the world's finest quality, and we are working as one to build a globally 
competitive, leading quality assurance system. 
 
Becoming an integrated forging and steel making company that provides the world's best quality—Gaining customer's trusts on a global scale 
	.	1)  Enhancing the “Ji-kotei-Kanketsu” initiative to achieve customer-first manufacturing  
	.	2)  Strengthening global quality assurance system  
	.	3)  Promoting Total Quality Management (TQM) to  improve the quality of work  

		●  JIS Certification (JICQA)  
		●  Certifications issued by classification societies  (ABS, CCS, DNV GL, KR, LR, NK)  
		●  European Pressure Equipment Directive (PED), European Construction Products Regulation (CPR)  
		●  European Medical Devices Directive (MDD Annex v.3.2)  
Provide Highly Competitive Products That Are Safe and Secure and Offer New Value Globally 
Quality management system (QMS) 
● Activity promotion system 
In accordance with our policy of “Quality First,” we will strive to maintain a business structure, based on ISO 9001, ISO 13485 and other standards, that gains customer trust and enables us to deliver attractive products that meet expectations and needs. In line with our Medium-term Quality Vision 2020, we are working as one to build a globally competitive, leading quality assurance system. In addition to domestic efforts, head office regularly sends support people to overseas plants to provide training to quality officers at each site and provide appropriate assistance regarding quality issues to strengthen their quality assurance systems. We are always working to improve our level of quality assurance. 
■ Medium-term Quality Vision 2020 
ISO 26000 relevance 
6.7 Consumer issues 
SDGs relevance 
Quality improvement initiatives 
● Quality awareness activities 
November has been designated Quality Month. With a focus on the concepts of “Customer First” and “Quality First,” we are working to raise awareness of quality among our employees by holding site inspections by the president and quality seminars, displaying quality mottos and posters, and implementing other initiatives. We also relaunched our Quality Learning Center, previously held as part of Quality Month, and established a permanent Education Center in March 2019 to relearn the essence of quality and emergency lessons learned from our past failures. 
● Survey of customer evaluations 
Every year, we collect customer evaluations of Aichi Steel through a survey rating quality, delivery and service on a five-level scale. If any areas drop below standard, we implement initiatives the following year to improve those areas and improve customer satisfaction. 
85 
(All customers who were supplied with above a certain amount of steel materials and forged products) 
Promotion of CSR procurement 
● Global, open and fair transactions 
We strive to provide all of our suppliers, at home and abroad, with procurement information and the opportunity for open, fair transactions. Actual transactions are determined based on a comprehensive review of quality, technology, cost and delivery times, as well as soundness of management, approach to and structures for ongoing improvement, and other factors. 
● Mutual growth based on mutual trust Our relationships with our suppliers based on building 
and maintaining relationships of trust through close communication, and a basic approach that calls for us to grow together with our business partners and share the fruits of our mutual efforts. 
● Legal compliance We comply with all relevant laws and regulations related 
to our purchasing activities, and also carefully control the confidential information of our suppliers in accordance with our company rules. 
● Customer recognition of quality 
Aichi Steel Group initiatives to improve quality are being recognized by customers. In December 2018, Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (Headquarters: Shanghai, China), one of our overseas subsidiaries, received an Outstanding Quality Award from Guangzhou Automobile. In March 2019, our Forging Plant received an Excellence Award for quality during 2018 from the Head Office Plant of Toyota Motor Corporation. In April 2019, our Electronic Components Plant received an Excellence Award for supplier contributions to quality improvement during 2018 from 
the Hirose Plant of Toyota Motor Corporation. 
● Training programs for sales staff 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 2019 
     
■ Quality assurance system Quality Function Board 
  
Quality Assurance Div. 
Quality Control Dept. for each plant 
(ISO Review Committee) Plant sections 
We are focusing on sales education for new and younger staff members to develop essential sales skills through a rich basic curriculum including training from outside specialists. The true purpose of our program is to strengthen each person’s skills and also improve ou3r sales management process. 
● Green procurement efforts 
Since formulating the Aichi Steel Environmental Charter in 1996, we consider environmental conservation in all phases of our business activities, and work to achieve continuous improvements. In March 2017, we revised our Green Procurement Guidelines, which were established in 2003, to reflect changes in environmental laws and regulations, and customer demands and regulatory trends. We also work to purchase products with minimal environmental impact and prioritize purchases from suppliers engaged in proactive environmental conservation efforts. 
We identify and manage banned substances and restricted substances in line with chemical substance regulations and customer requirements. 
When entering a new transaction or making changes to current transactions, we also request that suppliers submit a Report on Presence of Environmentally Hazardous Substances, and ensure they are not used. 

● Third-party certifications and compliance with International Standards 
In addition to ISO 9001 certification, we have also obtained other third-party certifications and public institution accreditations based on our QMS, and we are assessed every one to five years for review of these certifications and 
■ Acquisition status of Quality ISO certification 
accreditations. After the 2015 revision of ISO 9001, we passed the 
revision approval for Steel products, forged products, and electro-magnetic products. 
1. Steel products and forged products 
2. Electro-magnetic products 
3. Analysis and testing 
Passed surveillance audit for ISO 9001 
(October 2018) 
■ Third-party certifications excluding ISO certification 
Development and Production Engineering Dept. 
Other related departments (Sales, Purchasing, Human Resources etc.) 
Overseas Support Dept. 
Number of customers surveyed 
offices 
programs per year 
19 
Total numbers of participants (All new and younger mid-level employees) 
persons 
 
Passed surveillance audit for ISO 9001 (December 2018) Passed revision approval and surveillance audit for ISO 13485 (November 2018) 
Passed surveillance audit for ISO/IEC 17025 (February 2018) 

27 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 28 
