
Priority Issue 4 
Green (planting and environmental conservation) Creative (education, culture) 
Materiality 
The Aichi Steel Group seeks prosperous coexistence with surrounding communities, is conscious of its role as a “good corporate citizen,” and is actively involved with the local community. We place importance on communication through our social contribution activities and other efforts, and by gaining the trust of communities and understanding of our business activities, we strive to be a company that is continually supported welcomed in the community. 
Clean (beautification, safety, security) 
Volunteer support 

6,629 
5,914 
7,276 


3,837 
 
Interaction with the community 
Strengthen Relationships with Local Communities, and Actively Contribute to Society 
Social contribution policy 
● Activity promotion system In pursuit of harmonious coexistence and co-prosperity, Aichi Steel 
promotes community-oriented activities focused around four key words: “clean,” “green,” “creative” and “volunteerism.” 
The Volunteer Center, located in the General Affairs Division, provides information and promotes educational activities with the aim of supporting employee volunteer activities. It also plans smaller-scale volunteer activities which employees can participate in, and encourages them to experience volunteering for themselves. During fiscal 2018, we increased participation in activities through efforts such as an increased number of activities to promote harmony with nature, and starting the sale of bakery goods and lunchtime volunteering activities in the area around Head Office. We set a record with a total of 9,175 volunteers, which was 1,899 more people than last year. 
ISO 26000 relevance 
6.8 Community involvement and development 
SDGs relevance 
Twice every year, students of the Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute plant flowers in the roundabout in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station, the station nearest our offices, as one 
of our activities to clean the neighborhood. 
▶Student planting of flowers in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station 
Launched in 2010 to mark the 70th anniversary of our founding, every year we visit schools to present a “Lesson about Iron” to students. The project, which is in its ninth year, aims to teach elementary school fifth graders 
about the local industry of Tokai City, the largest iron-producing region in central Japan. Through a lesson called “Making Magnets,” we offer a fun way for all elementary school students to experience manufacturing. 
Creative lessons 12schools, 36classes 
■ Changes in the number of volunteers in social contribution activities (cumulative) 
Established in 1993, the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund continued this fiscal year to donate to local social welfare organizations and others near our company, and to provide support after the Kumamoto Earthquake. It also provided ongoing support to areas affected by the heavy rains in July 2018. Another voluntary and ongoing program that employees can participate in is the “one-coin” donation program, where they donate 100 yen from their pays every month. 
In fiscal 2018, we launched a new initiative to support welfare facilities by starting the sale of bakery goods at new locations. We also called for the donation of old ties and children’s books, and started lunchtime volunteering activities where employees cleaned up the collected books and separated the fabric from collected ties. 
10,000 9,000 8,000 7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 
2,000 2014 2015 2016 
9,175 
2017 2018 
(FY) 
“One-coin” donation 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 2019 
   
■ Support for disaster-affected areas 
■ Lunchtime volunteer activities 
544 
volunteers 
  
Number of volunteers in FY2018 9,175 (1,899 person increase year-on-year) 
In addition to holding the “Nearby roads clean-up campaign” every two months to help clean our neighborhoods, we have been holding Clean Aichi Day every October since 2009, together with employees of domestic and overseas subsidiaries, as one of Aichi Steel's CSR Enhancement Month activities. 
We also conduct traffic safety awareness activities as a responsible manufacturer in the automobile industry. One of those activities is “Zero Day” safety patrols that each site continues to conduct. 
6events, 152volunteers 1,468volunteers 2,381volunteers 29 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
▲Local specialties from areas affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake on sale at plant open days and other events 
● Events and participation 
We hold community meetings in the cities of Tokai (February) and Kariya (December), where we promote exchanges with residents of the local communities and actively participate in a variety of local volunteer activities. We also support activities involving festivals, sports days and other local events in the communities surrounding our sites, and dispatch employees to assist with the operation of those events. We also invite local residents to events held at our headquarters and plants, and work to encourage interaction with our employees. 
▲Approximately 1,800 towels donated by employees to Seki City, Gifu Prefecture, an area affected by heavy rains 
▲Separating the fabric from ties as a lunchtime volunteer activity 
◀Community meeting (Tokai City) 
    
Nearby roads clean-up campaign Clean Aichi Day Traffic safety awareness 
▶Shiawase Mura: Support for production workshops for parents and children at Momiji Matsuri (Tokai City) 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 30 
