    
 About This Report
 Corporate Value Creation 2 Anritsu Way
4 Anritsu Value History
6 Anritsu Value Creating Story
8 Solving Social Issues Through Business
 Business Review
10 Group CEO Message 14 CFO Message
17 Business Summary
18 CTO Message
22 Test and Measurement Business 26 PQA Business
 ESG
30 Corporate Governance
36 Sustainability Management 38 ESG Highlights
 Fact Sheet
42 11-Year Summary of Selected
Financial/Nonfinancial Data
44 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
56 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
57 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
58 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
59 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
60 Glossary
61 Investor Information
 Supporter of the UN Global Compact
  Communication Tools
      Contents
 Anritsu marked the 120th anniversary since its founding in 2015, and is already moving forward into a new era. Over the 124 years since the launching of its business, Anritsu’s strengths have made it possible for the Company to make strong contributions to the development of the IT field, including in wired and wireless communications devices and related measuring equipment. “Sincerity, Harmony, and Enthusiasm” and “Original & High Level” are two philosophies that have become part of Anritsu’s DNA over the years, and these two ideas form the source of the Company’s strengths.
This report has been prepared to help our stakeholders better understand these two strands of DNA as well as their role in forming our medium- to long-term growth strategy. In line with this goal, this report presents information on financial factors, including financial performance and cor- porate strategy, as well as non-financial factors, such as information on environmental and social matters, in an integrated fashion.
We remain committed to managing Anritsu so that our main business activities will continue to contribute to the creation of a safe, secure, and prosperous global society.
1. For information on facts and other information that have a material impact on the Anritsu
organization’s capabilities for creating corporate value in the short, medium, and long terms, please refer to the Business Review section of this report (beginning on page 10) or our website: https://www.anritsu.com/ir.
2. In preparing this report, we have made reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) stan- dard and international reporting frameworks, including those provided by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC).
In March 2006, Anritsu declared its support of the 10 principles of the UN Global Compact (UNGC), which are grouped into four categories: Human Rights, Labor, Environment, and Anti-Corruption. The Anritsu Group as a whole promotes these principles alongside its sustainability-related activities.
    Notes regarding use of forecasts and other forward-looking
information
The business forecasts mentioned above are based on recent information and reasonable judg- ments made with available information. The read- er should be aware that these projections are not promises, and actual results may be materially dif- ferent from these projections due to known or unknown risks, changes related to uncertainties, and other factors.
Integrated Report
This annual publication contains per- formance highlights, a message from the Group CEO, business sum- maries, strategies and future trajec- tories, past performance trends, as well as financial and nonfinancial data and other information.
Securities Report/
Quarterly Financial Report These reports provide informa- tion on financial performance for the fiscal year at Anritsu on a quarterly and annual basis.
Financial Information
Financial information includes financial results, presentation materials, and presentation of Q&A summaries.
Sustainability Report
Environmental, economic, and social efforts included in the CSR report since 2005
is being incorporated into the Sustainability Report from 2018.
Business Report
The Business Report provides a basic summary of business activi- ties, highlights, and other infor- mation for the fiscal year on an interim and full-year basis.
Information for the
General Meeting of Shareholders
This information includes notices of the general meet- ing of shareholders, reports of resolutions adopted, and presentation materials for shareholders.
  Communication tools are provided on Anritsu’s website at Home > About Anritsu > Investor Relations > IR Library.
https://www.anritsu.com/ir

 Aiming to create value that contributes to realize the sustainability of a safe, secure, and prosperous global society
In pages 2-9 of this report, we will make clear the relationship between the source of the Company’s value and tangible and intangible capital by looking back at Anritsu’s history and how that history fostered our values as part of our effort. This report also introduces our process for creating value through the leveraging of management resources.
From the Corporate philosophy to the value creation process
 Corporate philosophy The targets for sustainability management
                Anritsu Way
Anritsu Value History
Explaining the Company phi- losophy cultivated over many years and its core position in regard to the Company’s idea, its corporate attitudes, and the policies it follows to improve corporate value.
P2–3
From the “history of change and challenge”, we will intro- duce how we build up our “Innovativeness and Adaptability” that was brought up as our Company philosophy “Sincerity, harmony, and enthusiasm”, and will explain its background of “Reliability”.
P4–5
The value creation process that fuels Anritsu’s “Original
& High Level” corporate value. It also provides shared value by meeting the needs of society.
P6–7
P8–9
Company Philosophy
Company Vision
Company Policy
Corporate Philosophy
Contribute to the development of a safe, secure, and prosperous global society by offering Original & High Level products and services with sincerity, harmony, and enthusiasm
Achieve continuous growth with sustainable superior profits through innovation, using all knowledge of all parties and contribute to the sustainability of society
1. Make energetic organization synthesizing the knowledge of all employees 2. Capture growth drivers through innovation
3. Be a leader in the global market
4. Contribute to the creation of a society that is friendly to people and the
Earth as a good corporate citizen
       Anritsu Group Charter of Corporate Behavior Anritsu Group Code of Conduct
Anritsu’s Value History: built up over 124 years of operation
The Value Creating Story
       Optical Anritsu
 Mobile & Internet Anritsu
 5G/IoT Anritsu
     Anritsu Value Creating Story
Solving Social Issues Through Business
  Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 1
t
n
e
S
m
e
g
a
u
n
a
M
s
t
a
i
n
a
b
i
l
i
t
y

Anritsu Way
The identity that typifies Anritsu Corporation, and which the Company has dedicatedly fostered since its foundation, is compressed in two phrases in its corporate philosophy: “Sincerity, harmo- ny, and enthusiasm” and “Original & High Level.”
“Sincerity, harmony, and enthusiasm”
can be defined as the management philosophy that shows our mind-set and values, including the attitude, thoughts, and preparedness the Company has in con- ducting business.
“Original & High Level”
exist in the spirit of enterprise that extends from the upstream to the downstream of Anritsu’s corporate activities.
(1) The superior social and customer value provided by our products and services
(2) The corporate culture, management system, and work procedural methods that give rise to those kinds of deliverables.
Sincerity: Harmony:
Enthusiasm:
Reliability to meet the expectations of customers and all stakeholders
Adaptability to respond promptly to changes in the business environment and society’s demands by using all knowledge of all parties from inside and outside the Company
Innovativeness to provide new value by polishing up cutting-edge technologies such as 5G and IoT
 Contribute to the development of a safe, secure, and prosperous global society
Corporate Philosophy
Contribute to the development of a safe, secure, and prosperous global society by offering Original & High Level products and services with sincerity, harmony, and enthusiasm
Achieve continuous growth with sustainable superior profits through innovation, using all knowledge of all parties and contribute to the sustainability of society
1. Make energetic organization synthesizing the knowledge of all employees
2. Capture growth drivers through innovation
3. Be a leader in the global market
4. Contribute to the creation of a society that is friendly to people and the Earth as a good corporate citizen
Anritsu Group Charter of Corporate Behavior Anritsu Group Code of Conduct
   Company Philosophy
  Company Vision
   Company Policy
 2 ANRITSU CORPORATION

   Corporate Value Creation
           Business Review ESG Fact Sheet
 Brand Statement envision : ensure
To provide a more specific image to the ideas of “Sincerity, Harmony, and Enthusiasm” and “Original & High Level” that are key to what makes Anritsu unique, we have created the clear, concise, and globally universal phrase “envision: ensure” as our brand statement.
We believe this brand statement effectively encapsulates Anritsu’s message “to share our dream with our customers and create a vision that, through innovation, leads to tangible results that exceed customer expec- tations.”
Society is currently confronted with a wide variety of sustainability-related issues, including those related to the development of social infrastructure, including next-generation information and communications net- works, as symbolized by 5G and IoT, as well as issues related to ensuring food safety and security, and realizing greater efficiency in the distribution of food.
Anritsu has contributed to technological innovation and society by providing products that meet the needs of customers, including TV broadcasting equipment, Japan’s first radio broadcast receiver and the world’s first practical wireless telephone. Inheriting this pioneer spirit, we will continue to contribute to the realization of a safe, secure, and prosperous global society by promoting sustainability management and contributing to the resolution of social issues, including those outlined in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
 The targets for sustainability management
                      Sustainability Policy
The Anritsu Group believes our business should increase our long-term value through contributions to the sustainability of global society with sincerity, harmony, and enthusiasm.
1. We will contribute to building a safe, secure, and comfortable society through our business activities, based on our long-term vision
2. We will maintain harmony with the global socio-economy and society through ethical company activities.
3. We will contribute to the preservation of the global environment by promoting environmental management for the coexistence of people and nature.
4. We will build strong partnerships by promoting communication with all stakeholders.
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 3
t
n
e
m
e
S
g
a
n
u
a
M
s
t
a
i
n
a
b
i
l
i
t
y

                  1895
1895 -1930
Dawning of new era
1960 1965
1970
1980 1985 1990
Anritsu Value History
Anritsu has continuously provided “Original & High Level” value to society with “Sinceri- ty, harmony, and enthusiasm” for 124 years. Having since its foundation accumulated the technologies that are the source of the Group’s corporate value, including in commu- nications, testing and measurement, and inspection, as well as the ability we have honed through our experience to quickly adapt to our customers’ needs, the Company has been able to earn a deep level of trust from its customers. Here, we present a histo- ry of the value created by Anritsu.
1895   1931
Sekisansha Anritsu Electric Co., Ltd. Established
1900
Annaka Electric Co., Ltd.
(Billions of yen)
 1931 1957
1931-1949
Period of wired/wireless integration
150
100
50
= Japan sales
= Outside Japan sales
1973 Oil crisis
1975
1985
Plaza Accord
NTT privatization
Company name changed to Anritsu Corporation
   Optical
Anritsu
   Accumulating Advanced Technologies / Adapting to Change /
History of Change by Showing Sincerity, Harmony, and Enthusiasm
OBears burden of dawning of new era for Japanese information and communications technology
OCompany mired in management crisis due to economic downturn in aftermath of Great Kanto Earthquake, Great Depression, and intensified competition
OAnritsu Electric Co., Ltd. founded by merger of Kyoritsu Electric (Sekisan-sha) and Annaka Electric Co., Ltd.
OFrom outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War to war era (armaments boom)
OBegan corporate reconstruction by switching to civilian demand even as war ended
ORestarted under second company system on basis of Enterprise Reconstruction and Reorganization Law
OSupported expansion and upgrad- ing of communication infrastruc- ture for Japan’s reconstruction
OConstruction of Tokyo headquar- ters office/opening of Atsugi busi- ness office (current headquarters)
OPromotes business diversification through system comprising six business divisions
OSupports development of communications infrastructure that underpins Japan’s high growth
OStarts payphone export business
ODevelopment of T&M equipment for digital transmissions
OCheckweigher development serves as forerunner of Products Quality Assurance (PQA) business
ODevelopment of computers and their peripheral equipment
1950 -1962
Period of revival under revived Anritsu Electric Co., Ltd.
1963 -1974
Business expansion brought about by diversification
1975 -1989
An era of optical Anritsu
OEstablishes business foundation in United States with mass deliveries of microwave line measuring equipment to AT&T
ODomestic and overseas optical measurement business expanded by increased investment in optical communications networks
OExpansion of T&M equipment market due to opening up of communications market fol- lowing NTT’s privatization
OExpansion of overseas payphone business
ODevelopment of T&M equipment for optical fiber communications (optical time domain reflectometer [OTDR], world’s first optical pulse tester)
OCard-type payphone
     History of Challenges to Achieving Original & High Level
OBecomes pioneer in wired communications in Japan (manufacture of payphones)
OBears burden of making world’s first wireless telephone practical (TYK radio-telephone)
ODevelopment and manufacture of Japan’s first television transmitter
ODevelopment of magnetic record- er (AC bias system)
OMass production of payphones and magnetic switching devices
OMicrowave line measuring instru- ment forerunner of T&M equip- ment business
ODevelopment of radio equipment for vessels
               4 ANRITSU CORPORATION
    
   Corporate Value Creation
                                 Mobile & Internet Anritsu
5G/IoT Anritsu
           1991
Heisei Era depression
2008
The financial crisis
GLP2020
105
billion yen
Business Review ESG
Fact Sheet
 159.1
billion yen
2001
Bursting of IT bubble
Test and Measurement Business: ¥100 billion PQA Business: ¥30 billion
                1995
Building Trust
1990 - 2000
2000 2005
2010 2015
2001-
2018 2020
Test and Measurement Business
Using measurement technologies to build a safe and secure 5G/ IoT-based society
Expectations for Anritsu
PQA Business
Using measurement technologies to pro- vide safe and se- cure food and healthy lives
ESG
Creating a sustainable society
   Building foundations as multinational company
O100th anniversary of foundation: 21st Century Company Vision “To become a global company with global technologies for global customers”
OIntegrates and expands overseas development, manufacturing, and sales bases following acquisition of Wiltron Company
OFalls into red due to Heisei Era depression
OBusiness selection and concentration: withdrawal from non-core busi-
nesses, proceeds with business transfers
OProduces series of T&M equipment for digital mobile wireless use ODevelopment of SONET/SDH/PDH/ATM analyzer for high-speed, large-ca-
pacity optical digital communications market
OUltrahigh-speed semiconductor device (monolithic microwave integrated circuit (MMIC)) developed
ODevelopment and external sales of excitation light sources (optical devices) for optical amplifiers
21st century: Path to becoming global brand
ORecords all-time high profit and significant slump into red due to North American IT bubble
OManagement structure reforms (headquarters functions centralized at Atsugi)
OGrowth toward becoming global leading company in mobile T&M business field
OEnters operations support systems (OSS) market following acquisition of Nettest
OWorld’s first W-CDMA conformance test system developed ODevelopment of world’s most-efficient millimeter-waveband flat
antenna
ODevelopment of the world’s first 5G chipset terminal verification tester that complies with 3GPP standards
           Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 5

            Intellectual Capital
  Offer a working environment where individuals can sense firsthand that their work is worthwhile and educational.
Harmony with global economy and society
  Conducting open and transparent business activities in good faith
Strengthening and enhancing corporate governance
      Anritsu Value Creating Story
The sources of Anritsu’s corporate value are its tangible and intangible capitals, which are also the basis for the values that Anritsu holds dear: Reliability, Adaptability, and Innovativeness. Anritsu uses the capital it has amassed to the fullest extent possible to provide solutions to social issues through the conduct of its corporate activities.
    Test and Measurement Business
Drive social innovation through advancing 5G/IoT
Realize smooth communication through progress in mobile broadband services
Createasafe,secure,and comfortable global society through realizing a global, powerful network infrastructure
Expectation of Anritsu (Society’s Requests)
PQA Business
Realizing quality assurance that responds to the need for safety and security in food product materials and pharmaceuticals
Reduce the impact on the bio- habitat through proper use of food resources
ESG
Contribute to the creation of a low-carbon society through developing and expanding the usage of products that reflect proper concern for the natural environment
Contribute, as corporate citizens, to the realization of a sustainable society
120 years of knowledge accumulation, ability to innovate
・Accumulating of wireless and wireline communications technology
・Network quality assurance technology ・Development and manufacturing of ultrahigh-
speed optical devices
・Weighing and contaminant detection
technology
Human Capital
Global organization and human resources
・Organization that learns and increases its power ・Resources on the leading edge of advanced
technology
・Resources and systems for interfacing closely
with customers
Social and Relationship Capital
Partnerships with leading companies
・Strong relationship with customers ・Lists of global supply chain partners and
customers
Financial Capital
Financial stability in preparation for changes in market situation
・Management that is conscious of the capital cost ・Ability to generate strong cash flows ・Fund-raising capabilities based on strong
credit rating
Manufactured Capital
Original & High Level production processes
・Global supply chain management (SCM) ・Global development systems
・Global network of manufacturing bases ・Facilities and SCM based on business continu-
ity plans (BCPs)
Natural Capital
Environmental management that extends along entire value chain
・Thoroughgoing environmental management systems
・Development process for products that show proper concern for the environment
・Wastewater treatment systems ・Chemical substance management systems
Test and Measurement Business
Becoming a leading company in society in 5G/IoT Mobile market
・Mobile Market
・Development of 5G/IoT systems ・Manufacturing of mobile devices
Network infrastructure market
・Structuring communications networks ・Developing high-speed, high-volume
data centers
Electronics market
・Development and manufacturing of
electronic devices
・Structuring of public wireless networks
Business Activities
PQA Business
Capable of becoming a world-class quality assurance solutions partner
Food products and pharmaceutical markets
・Development of food processing and manufacturing systems
・Development of systems for sorting food materials (weight and detection of contaminants)
・Development of pharmaceutical systems
ESG
Promotion of global environment
Creation of shared value through promo- tion of communication
   Inputs
    6 ANRITSU CORPORATION

   Business Review
ESG
Fact Sheet
      Test and Measurement Business
Pages 22 to 25
Test and Measurement Business Pages 8 Put into place a safe and
secure infrastructure which leads to the building of a sustainable society and encourages innovation
Put in place a robust network infrastructure that will provide safety and security in all areas and lead to building a sustainable society
Value Provided to Society (Contributing to the development of a safe,
secure, and comfortable society)
Measurement solutions that support 5G/IoT networks and drive social innovation
 Smart devices
Mobile
networks
Fixed line
networks
Cloud
      Implementation of high-speed, high-vol- ume, low-latency transmission
PQA Business
Implementation of 100G/400G networks
Smart Society
Outputs
Measuring/ Filling
Implementation of high-speed, high-quality data centers
     Solutions for assuring quality of food products and pharma- ceuticals
Weight inspection
Pages 26 to 29
Packing Wrapping
Pages 30 to 41
Put into place a safe and secure infrastructure which leads to the building of a sustainable society and encourages innovation
Realize a society where everyone can live in safety and security by enhancing quality assurance for food and pharmaceutical products. Implement a sustainable society where food loss is kept to a minimum.
Together with diverse human resources, we seek to contribute to the creation of workplaces where each individual can achieve personal growth and experience job satisfaction.
Contributing to the creation of a sustainable society with sustainable consumption and corporate production practices
Ensuring ethical corporate activities through risk management and fair, quick, and effective decision making
Contributing to the creation of shared value with collaboration among all stakeholders
PQA Business
Pages 9
        Contaminant Inspection
Packaging Inspection
 Quality inspections
   ESG
ESG
 • Respect for human rights and diversity • SCM (supply chain management) that • Human resource development gives due regard to human rights
• Occupational health and safety
• Reduction in CO2 emissions volume (energy usage volume) and water usage volume • Developing and manufacturing high-quality and environmentally friendly products • Supply chain management that lowers environmental burden
• Promoting communication and the provision of information to our stakeholders
 • Establishing corporate governance • Compliance • Promoting risk management
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 7

Solving Social Issues Through Business
   Test and Measurement Business
L Description of Social Issues
Information communications, and tools that connect people over the Internet, such as social networking, photo sharing and video sharing services, have become indispensable in society today. These communications networks that allow people to connect with one another have been advancing on a daily basis, and fifth-generation mobile communications systems (5G) are on the verge of being launched with ultrahigh-speed, large capacity, ultra-low latency, and multiple simultaneous connections. In addition to the increasing sophistication of smartphones and tablets, 5G will find uses in fields such as medicine, agriculture, automobiles, and disaster prevention. This 5G technology is also expected to become communication infrastructure that helps us realize a sustainable society and solve a range of social issues including as a means to eliminate information disparities, prevent traffic accidents, and alleviate labor shortages.
■ Anritsu Initiatives
Anritsu provides its customers with a variety of
measurement solutions that help ensure communications quality and conformance with standards-based specifications at the development, production, construction and maintenance stages for smart devices, mobile networks, fixed networks and cloud computing data centers that are the basis of 5G communications networks. Customers use our testing and measurement instruments so their products can safely and securely connect to robust 5G communica- tions networks.
These 5G communications networks will not only contrib- ute to greater convenience for people, but will also be used in the industrial field. The realization of these new applica- tions will both boost economic growth and provide solution for social issues, such as SDGs, and lead to a more sustain- able society.
With a mission of being the first to deliver optimal testing and measurement solutions with its advanced measurement technologies, Anritsu contributes to the creation of industry and advances in innovation that assist with the development of a sustainable society by helping customers maintain safe and secure infrastructure.
   Automobiles
Healthcare
Construction
5G New RAT C-RAN
Factories
100G/400G SDH/WDM
OTN Ethernet
Fixed networks
Agriculture
Entertainment
40G/100G Data Center
      Solving social issues
Customers
CPRI LTE
LTE-A NB-IoT
PCI-E
CloudAutonomous drivingTelemedicineRemote controlRemote monitoringFarming supportVR/AR
         Small Cell
SDN/NFV
Internet AOCSmart devices
Mobile networks
                Anritsu
Solutions for developing and manufacturing IoT devices and modules
Compatible with a wide range of products from RF to optical
Support for 100G/400G high-speed communication
Support with bit error rate tests that always lead the industry
   Strengths
􏰀 Communication and measurement technologies and products developed with over 120 years of experience covering optical, wired, wireless, and protocols
􏰀 Seamlessly supporting customers’ businesses, from cutting-edge development to manufacturing and maintenance
􏰀 Global development and sales system that provides timely support to customer requests in each region
􏰀 Rapid deployment of cutting-edge technology through partnerships with key customers and suppliers
8 ANRITSU CORPORATION

PQA Business
L Description of Social Issues
Through the use of food processing technology that raises the storage life of perishables, our daily lifestyles have undergone rapid advances in the modern era. Instead of buying ingredients and preparing meals at home, food is now distributed as a packaged product that has greatly improved convenience and plentifulness in people’s lives. Once food is distributed in large quantities, however, uneaten food is thrown away (i.e., food loss) in increasing amounts, a social problem that has drawn attention lately. SDG Target 12.3 is stated as “Halve per capita global food waste at the retail and consumer levels and reduce food losses along production and supply chains, including post-harvest losses,” a clearly stated objective to ensure a sustainable food consumption and production pattern. Today, most food processing companies have identified the reduction of food loss as a major issue alongside guaranteeing the deliciousness, safety and security of their products.
L Anritsu Initiatives
At food processing plants, factory automation has facilitated the faster processing of food in larger amounts for shipment.
It is necessary to inspect each individual product to ensure processed food is safe and reliable. In the past, a large number of workers were used in the food inspection process to examine the food before shipment. However, inspections by people are subject to issues related to differences in individual skills and fatigue causing people to lose their concentration.
Along with providing solutions for automating the quality inspection process on food production lines, Anritsu aims to provide solutions linked to minimizing food loss. Together with its customers, the Company will continue to provide advanced quality assurance solutions with the aim of contributing to the realization of a
sustainable society with little food loss, and a society where anyone can live their lives in safety without worry.
Business Review
ESG Fact Sheet
     Solving social issues
Customers
Increasing the sophistication of quality assurance for food and pharmaceuticals to achieve:
・A safe and secure society
・A sustainable society with little food loss
   Packaging
Quality inspections
Inspection of mass, contaminant and packaging
Packing
Quality management/ control systems
   Weighing and filling
         Anritsu
     Automatic electronic weighing machines
X-ray inspection systems
 􏰀 High-speed, high-precision, quality inspection technology for production lines
􏰀 Engineering capability to adapt inspection equipment to various food manufacturing environments 􏰀 Extensive maintenance service system and experienced maintenance engineers in Japan
􏰀 Past record and top-class market position in the food inspection market in Japan
Metal detectors
Checkweighers
 Strengths
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 9

 Group CEO Message
Practicing the Anritsu Way to Continuing Creating Value
Hirokazu Hamada
Representative Director, President of Anritsu Group CEO
Measurement Business Group President
Anritsu was founded in 1895, the year of the world’s first successful wireless communication experiment, and 2019 will be the 124th year since its original foundation. Throughout our history, we have always been a pioneer in pursuing the latest information and communications technology. Various innovations in tele- communications infrastructure have dramatically revolutionized society and enriched our lives by “connect- ing” people moving the global society forward. With “measuring” technology as our core competency, Anritsu has supported many advances in the field of information communication, as well as in food and pharmaceuticals. Under our company philosophy of “Sincerity, Harmony, and Enthusiasm” and “Original & High Level,” Anritsu will continue to contribute to the development of a society that is safe, secure, and connected. “envision: ensure” Please look to Anritsu in the future.
GLP2020 First Year Review
The Measurement Business captured initial develop- ment demand for 5G chipsets and devices
Specifications for 5G, the next-generation communication system, are being developed at 3GPP. The standardization of 5G NSA-NR was completed in December 2017, while that of 5G SA-NR was completed in June 2018, thereby defining all of the specifications of the major functions related to 5G ultrahigh-speed communication. Specifications for ultra-low latency and multiple simultaneous connections, which are expected to expand use cases, are now being reviewed at 3GPP, and standard- ization is scheduled for completion in early 2020. As a result, the roadmap for 5G commercial services by major carriers in each country is becoming concrete, and the commercialization schedule is progressing smoothly. In
December 2018, advance rollout of 5G services using mobile routers started in North America and South Korea, and 5G smartphone services also began in April 2019.
Major device vendors in the US and Asia have developed devices for 5G smartphone services, and began releasing them, one after the other, at the MWC2019 trade fair in Barcelona, Spain. Against this backdrop, the Measurement Business Group has focused on developing solutions for capturing development investment demand for 5G and enhancing organizational structures, and has captured initial development demand for 5G chipsets and devices.
The PQA Business enjoys a robust market and works on strengthening overseas sales
In the PQA Business, there has been increased investment in automation of processed food production lines, and demand for X-ray-based quality assurance for
 10 ANRITSU CORPORATION
     Corporate Value Creation
ESG Fact Sheet
Core policy of our medium- to long-term business strategy
Realize profitable, sustainable growth by reliably catching growth drivers
GLP2020: Planned sales and operating profit
GLP2020
    Market annual average growth rate (Anritsu estimate)
Vision/ Growth Drivers
  Medium- to long- term guidelines
 Sales growth rate
Operating margin
 3-5%
Become a leading company in supporting a 5G/IoT society
1) 5G, LTE-Advanced
2) IoT/Automotive,
Connectivity
3) IP Data traffic/Cloud
Services
 ≧7%
 ≧20%
 3-5%
Become a world-class quality assurance solutions partney
Expand from contaminant detection to the quality assurance market
 ≧7%
 ≧12%
Consolidated
—
—
≧18%
ROE
—
≧15%
     Indicator
Revenue
 Operating profit
 Operating margin
 Profit
 ROE
 Revenue
 Operating profit
 Operating margin
 Revenue
 Operating profit
 Operating margin
FY2018 (Plan)
FY2018 (Actual)
FY2019
FY2020
92.0 billion yen
99.7 billion yen
102.0 billion yen
105.0 billion yen
 6.6billion yen
 11.2 billion yen
 10.0 billion yen
 14.5billion yen
 7%
  11%
  10%
  14%
 5.0 billion yen
 9.0 billion yen
 7.5 billion yen
 11.0 billion yen
 7%
11%
8%
12%
60.0 billion yen
 68.2 billion yen
 69.0 billion yen
 70.0 billion yen
 3.5 billion yen
 9.4 billion yen
 8.0 billion yen
 10.0 billion yen
 6%
14%
12%
14%
23.5 billion yen
 23.1 billion yen
 24.5 billion yen
 26.0 billion yen
 2.0 billion yen
 1.6 billion yen
 2.0 billion yen
 3.0 billion yen
 9%
 7%
 8%
 12%
      contaminants and packaging, etc. has been steadily expanding. In this environment, the PQA Business Group has worked to increase the competitiveness of solutions centered on X-ray technology, and to expand and enhance our overseas sales systems.
GLP2020 first year exceeds our plan
In the Group’s consolidated results for FY2018, which was the first year of GLP2020, both revenue and operating profit exceeded the initial plan. Revenue was 99.7 billion yen against a target of 92.0 billion yen, while the operating profit ratio was 11% against a target of 7%.
Toward Achievement of GLP2020
Increased business risk due to external factors
Although the global economy has been on a trend toward recovery, uncertainty regarding the future is growing due to factors such as the UK’s exit from the EU, intensified US-China trade friction, and trade confrontations caused by protectionism.
The Test and Measurement Business aims to become a leading company in the 5G development market in 2019, the initial year of 5G
2019, which is the second year of GLP2020, is regarded as the initial year of 5G, during which pre-services and trials have
(Reference) Expected exchange rates for GLP2020: 1 USD=105 yen, 1 euro=125 yen
been started around the world. In Japan, 5G pre-service will start in line with the Rugby World Cup in September. Further- more, the standardization of 3GPP Release 16 is scheduled for completion in March 2020. Release 16 will enable mission-crit- ical applications, with ultra-low latency and multiple simulta- neous connections that are characteristic of 5G, and invest- ment in the development of chipsets and devices that are compliant with this standard are expected to start in 2020. Afterwards, preparations for the full-scale commercialization of 5G are expected to accelerate. On the other hand, invest- ment for existing LTE is expected to continue to be constrained or shrink. In this environment, the Measurement Business Group aims to become a leading company in the 5G develop- ment market, by providing timely solutions that are closely adapted to commercialization plans in countries around the world.
The PQA Business to develop overseas markets and become a world-class quality assurance solutions partner
The PQA Business has a vision of becoming a world-class quality assurance solutions partner. The growth driver is expansion of quality assurance needs for the food and pharmaceuticals market. To maintain a high growth rate, the PQA Business will need to maintain its competitive advantage in the Japanese market and increase its presence in overseas markets outside Japan. As immediate measures, we will promote the development of markets
 Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 11
  Business Review
PQA Business
Test and Measurement Business
PQA Business
Test and Measurement Business

 Group CEO Message
Basic Policy of Management Strategy
J Prosecure the policy “Continuous profitable growth” J Make our best to accomplish 2020VISION/GLP2020
*GLP2020 Plan = FY2018〜FY2020
  2019 FY
FY
  FY 2015 2016
FY 2017
2018
To be a global market leader
L Creating the value that only Anritsu can deliver L Building a wolrd-class, robust income structure
  FY
2014 120th
FY
 outside Japan putting the focus on the advanced markets in Europe and the US, where demand is expected to grow, with X-ray inspection systems as our key solution. To im- prove productivity, we will also strengthen investment and improve business processes. With a view toward future growth, we will make a full-scale entry into the European market and the pharmaceuticals market.
By implementing these measures, we aim to achieve revenue of 105 billion yen as well as an operating profit ratio of 14% for the consolidated Group in FY2020.
Toward “Beyond 2020”
Aiming for stable growth beyond 2020 with five pillars
“Beyond 2020” was launched to achieve sustainable growth toward 2020 and beyond. The current pillars are “5G communication” for the Test and Measurement busi- ness and “food safety” for the PQA Business. Among these, “5G communication” is situated in the mobile business, which is highly volatile and would experience a decline in business performance if future investment were to end. Through “Beyond 2020” we aim to become a stable and highly profitable company by further strengthening “5G communications” and “food safety” while adding focuses on “5G utilized automobiles,” “pharmaceutical safety,” and “non-communication T&M business” to form 5 pillars that
L Driving innovation in new business areas
are resistant to the volatility of the mobile market, and can consistently achieve revenue exceeding 100.0 billion yen.
Toward the realization of new business during the next GLP2023
Our new business field “non-communication measurement business” is not susceptible to the volatility of the mobile market. We will cultivate such business where we can leverage Anritsu’s competencies also taking into account possible tie-ups and M&As. The department responsible for developing this new business has been active since last year, and is planning to present specific details and numeri- cal plans in “GLP2023,” Anritsu’s next three-year plan.
The mind of a company full of frontier spirit
As “Beyond 2020” starts, we will cultivate a culture that will raise new shoots inside the company. We believe that “Beyond 2020” can be realized by offering full support to employees who try new things, and will provide an environ- ment in which everyone can challenge themselves.
Anritsu is a company with a history spanning more than 120 years. However, we cannot simply stick with tradition. We will stay true to our mind as “a company full of frontier spirit,” by constantly incorporating the latest technologies and taking on new challenges, so that we will build the foundations of the next-generation of Anritsu.
2020 VISION
 To create new business through emerging business
 12 ANRITSU CORPORATION
0
0
1
2
P
L
G
0
2
7
1
2
T
P
L
G
0
X
E
N

    Corporate Value Creation
ESG
Fact Sheet
  Set out for Beyond 2020
J Sustainable growth in 2020 and beyond J Become a highly profitable company.
5G Communication
T&M
5G Applications, Automotive
Operating margin of 18%
J A company that regularly earns over 100.0 billion yen.
Food safety
2019
Sustainability Management
Sustainability management contributing to building a “5G/IoT society” that shares the future vision of the SDGs
Anritsu determined its “Sustainability Policy” in April 2018, and is promoting sustainability management that seeks to improve our corporate value by contributing to the solution of global social issues through sincere corporate activities symbolized by the Anritsu Way. Along with initiatives toward sustainable growth from 2020 and onward, Beyond 2020 includes projects aimed at contributing to the achievement of the SDGs for 2030 through our existing businesses.
In the future “5G/IoT society” envisioned by Anritsu, all kinds of things would be connected, resulting in the creation of new added-value. This vision of the future, which combines economic advancement with solving social issues is based on “Society 5.0,” the highest evolution of information and communication technology, that is in other words contributing to the sustainability of society while building a society that provides comfortable, vibrant, and high-quality living.
This vision is similar to the future vision of the SDGs, which will transform our world. We believe that sustainability management means the contribution for solving social issues using SDGs as a compass.
In the mind of Anritsu as “a company full of frontier spirit.”
We introduced the concept of sustainability to our existing operations in FY2018, marking this as the fiscal year in which sustainability began to permeate our compa- ny. Regarding CO2 emissions, which have a major impact on climate change and represent one of the most important issues for a sustainable society, in March 2019 we commit- ted to the initial stage of the process for obtaining SBT* certification. Although we are still in the process of finaliz- ing the details of our reduction plan, as an investment for the future, we will also be increasing solar power genera- tion for renewable energy from the current fiscal year onwards. In addition, to reduce risks including child labor, human trafficking, and forced labor, we will survey and audit our suppliers in order to promote business activities that respect human rights.
Through communication with all of our stakeholders, and utilizing the mind of “a company full of frontier spirit” in our businesses, Anritsu will continue to contribute to the sustainability of a safe and secure society.
*SBT (Science Based Targets): Targets for reductions in greenhouse gases that are in line with the science-based knowledge to maintain a global temperature rise of less than 2°C (and more ambitiously, of less than 1.5 °C), compared with pre-industrial temperatures.
GLP2020
Pharmaceuticals Safety
Non- Communication measurement Business
New Biz
PQA
Grow sustainably beyond 2020 while supporting the safety and security of society.
 Resolve social issues by realizing Beyond 2020
 Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 13
  Business Review

 CFO Message
 Achieving “Sustainable Growth with Profit” by Strengthening Strategic Investment and Evolving Cash Flow Management
Akifumi Kubota
Director
Executive Vice President CFO
The biggest issues for our GLP 2020 is to: restore growth in our core business; make improvements to operating profit ratio, a key pillar; raise ROE; and conduct investment in growth that is not affected by mobile technology evolutionary cycles. To that end, we conduct our management in a manner that places a high level of importance on capital cost, maximizes cash generation, and enhances corporate value.
Enhancing Corporate Value
improving each of these factors, with a goal of achieving
an ROE of 15%.
 We have set two KPIs as indices for enhancing the mea-
surement of corporate value. As a numerical target, we
use ROE, due to its ease of comparability with other
companies, while as a quantitative target, we use ACE*1
(Anritsu Capital-cost Evaluation), an original index that
measures economic added-value. ACE is defined as 10
“after-tax operating profit minus the cost of capital.” 8
*1 ACE (Anritsu Capital-cost Evaluation): after-tax operating profit - cost of capital
ACE and ROE trends and targets
(billion yen)
(%)
30 25.0 25
20 15 10
5
  12
 Unless a level where “after-tax operating profit exceeds the cost of capital” is achieved, we do not regard the situation as having positive economic added-value; that is, no corporate value will be created. The factors (drivers) and main priority issues for enhancing and increasing ROE and ACE are indicated in the diagram below.
 GLP2020 and Beyond 2020 will work towards
ACE Drivers for Corporate Value and Priority Issues
R/S
S/A, A/E
Increase in asset efficiency
6
4
2
7.9 1.9
19.5
5.2
00
-2 -4
-0.6 2015
-1.6 -1.6
2016 2017 2018
-5 -10
(FY) 2010
ACE (billion yen)  
S
R/S S/A
A/E
2011
2012
2013
2014
2019
2020
ROE (%)
Priority Issues
 Growth potential
 Operational efficiency
 ×
ACE = Shareholders’ equity x Equity spread
= Shareholders’ equity x (ROE – Shareholders’ equity cost) = E x ((R/S) (S/A) (A/E) – Shareholders’ equity cost)
Restoring growth potential
M&A investment in growth businesses
Improve profit sensitivity
Strengthen product cost competitive- ness
Increase inventory efficiency Build a global SCM system
Thorough capital cost management
  Total asset turnover ratio
 Financial leverage
 Note: R: Profit; S: Sales; E: Shareholders’ equity; A: Total assets
Note: The Company’s capital cost was calculated as 7% for the shareholder equity cost, and the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) used in our original ACE index is 5%.
14 ANRITSU CORPORATION
Goal:ROE≥15%
   Increase in the earning capacity of our main business
9.5
13.3 10.2
10.9
12 8
4.8 4.9 3.5 3.7 4.0 2.5
5.0 2.5
15 8.0
202X
  ROE, ACE
Increase in enterprise value

     Corporate Value Creation
ESG Fact Sheet
Aiming for 15% ROE
ROE is analyzed using three factors: “profitability,” “efficiency,” and “leverage.” Our initiatives to target each of these factors are listed below.
Profitability
strength, we will focus on strengthening 5G competitive- 11.8
working on new management accounting practices, such as visualizing changes in cash and working capital. These measures are aimed at improving capital efficiency management in each division.
 Trends in cash flow
(billion yen)
20
For the Test and Measurement Business, which is our main 15 13.8
  Investment to realize growth
      ness, while for the PQA Business, we will focus on invest- ments aimed at global business development.
10
10.2 7.6
-6.0
9.2
12.2 7.9
5 We have adopted development ROI (Return on 0
- 0.6 - 3.7
6.7
8.5
  Investment) as the standard for investment level, and are
working to improve investment efficiency, with the goal of -5 -5 -5.3 the development ROI (gross profit/development invest- -10
ment) of 4.0 or higher.
-3.9
    To improve profitability, we are also actively working to improve our cost structure. For example, we are taking active steps to achieve higher efficiency in our sales activities and improved business processes in our corporate department, by managing and seeking to improve cost per order (CPO) in each sales region, with the goal of reviewing the cost structure in each business segment.
Efficiency
Thorough cash flow management
( F Y ) 2012 2013 Operating cash flow 
Investment cash flow
Free cash flow
Trends in CCC
(billion yen)
141 145
91 74
(days)
150 125 100
75 50 25
- 9.0
2015
Includes 1.2 billion yen from the sale of cross-held stocks
    2014
2016 2017
2018
134
 60 50 40 30 20 10
143
141
 121
22
132
91 60
19
130
       To achieve sustainable growth investment, it is essential
to generate more cash flow. Our goal is to improve our
operating cash flow margin to 13%, and to raise our
CCC*2, which is a cash flow improvement index, to 120
days in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021. These
targets will be realized through improved profitability via
cost reductions and more efficient spending, as well as improvements in asset efficiency, such as by reducing -10 inventory and promoting the collection of accounts
receivable.
Moreover, as part of our capital cost-conscious
management approach, we are also focusing on cash flow management in each division. As specific measures, we have created a balance sheet for each division, and are
*2 CCC: Cash Conversion Cycle
83 60
89 60
85 72
86 73
85 67
          18
17
16
18
20
19
 00
  (FY) 2011 2012 2013 2014
2015 2016 2017 2018
Inventory 
CCC
Operating receivables turnover (average at the beginning and end of period) Inventory turnover (average at the beginning and end of period) Operating payables turnover (average at the beginning and end of period)
Trade receivables 
Accounts payable
1.5
1.2
5.6
4.0
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 15
11.6
 93 67
  Business Review

CFO Message
 Leverage
Building a robust financial structure
Our core policy for building a robust financial structure is to maintain a capital adequacy ratio ≥ 60% and a debt-to-equity ratio (D/E)*3 ≤ 0.3. In a rapidly changing market, having a strong financial base that supports medium- to long-term growth is extremely important. Anritsu’s robust financial base has been evaluated, and according to the rating by R&I (Rating and Investment Information, Inc.) as of March 31, 2019, our short-term rating is “a-1” and our long-term rating is “A-.”
15% ROE (Beyond 2020 Target)
Exploiting the Corporate Value Improvement Cycle
Improving profitability and efficiency, and maximizing cash flow generation are fundamental to improving corporate value. By aggressively investing in new product development and strategic investments including M&As, we will work to strengthen the competitiveness of our solutions and improve our business foundation in order to achieve high returns. By also enhancing shareholder returns and building a robust financial position, we will be able to harness the corporate value improvement cycle.
       ×
[Model case]
ROE target: Factor breakdown
Profitability Efficiency
Net income Net income Revenue
ROE = Equity = Revenue × Totalassets × Equity
*3 Debt-to-equity ratio (D/E): Interest-bearing debt/Equity attributable to owners of the parent company
FY2018 initiatives and results
Corporate value improvement cycle
Equity ratio D/E
Stability
Total return ratio Dividend ratio
Invest- ment
Returns
Development ROI
ACE
Revenue
ROE
Efficiency
S/A: 0.8
    Leverage
A/E: 1.5
 Leverage
Shareholder returnsE When returning profits to shareholders, our basic policy is to pay dividends with a consolidated payout ratio of 30% or higher, basically by raising the DOE (Dividend On Equity) in response to an increase in consolidated net income, and to also flexibly implement other shareholder return policies that take the total return ratio into account.
 Furthermore, we plan to use surpluses for funding requirements for strategic investments (including M&As) for business expansion in industrial fields that employ 5G/IoT, and for business development in the cloud service and other markets. By making further improvements to our corporate value, including these investments in new businesses, we aim to meet the expectations of our shareholders.
Total assets
     Profitability
  Efficiency
 Leverage
 ROE
FY2018
9%
0.8
1.5
10.9%
 Beyond 2020
 13%
 0.8
 1.5
 15%
 In our main Test and Measurement Business, the ROE of
the entire company recovered to 10.9% by capturing 5G
initial development demand and achieving an operating
profit ratio of 14%. We also verified our cross-held stocks
in accordance with the principles of the Corporate Gover-
nance Code. As a result, in the current fiscal year 50 (FY2018), we sold stocks for which continued ownership 40 was no longer beneficial. By doing so, as of March 31,
30 holdings fell to roughly 0.1% of total assets. Going for- 20
Dividend forecast trend
(yen)
(%)
100
80
60
Improved corporate value
   2019, the book balance of listed shares related to policy
ward, we intend to continue working to reduce cross-held 10
30.8 20yen
43.1 24yen
71.5
15yen
33.7 22yen
40.3
87.7
76.3
24yen
15yen
00
( F Y ) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
40 22yen 20
  stocks, from the perspective of improving asset efficiency.
 16 ANRITSU CORPORATION
Profitability
R/S: 13%
Annual dividend   Dividend ratio
(planned)

                  Corporate Value Creation ESG
Fact Sheet
Business Summary
Other Businesses
8.4%
PQA Business
23.2%
(billions of yen)
Test and Measurement Business
68.4%
Asia and     Japan
 other
29.0%
EMEA
12.2%
32.3%
Americas
26.5%
*EMEA: Europe, Middle East, Africa
    R e v e n u e売/ O上p 高e r a/ t 営i n g業 p利r o 益fi t
Test and Measurement Business
PQA Business
Other Businesses
Fiel
d
対象分野
Mobile market
• R&D of mobile communication standards, such as 5G and LTE
• R&D of communication chipsets (communication semiconductors
embedded in smartphones, etc.)
• R&D and manufacturing of mobile devices, such as smartphones and tablets • Communication evaluation in the IoT/Automotive sector
Network infrastructure market
• R&D and manufacturing for optical and digital communications
• R&D and manufacturing of communication equipment
• Construction and maintenance of optical fiber communication networks • Construction and maintenance of wireless base stations
• Network quality assurance (fault monitoring)
Electronics market
• General-purpose measurement used in a wide range of applications • R&D and manufacturing of communication-related electronic components • R&D and manufacturing of wireless communication devices
• R&D and manufacturing of wireless base stations
• R&D and manufacturing of smart appliances and vehicle-related equipment, etc.
Quality assurance of food and pharmaceuticals
• Inspecting for contaminants, packaging form, etc. • Detection of metallic contaminants
• Weighing and controlling filling weight
• Checkweighing
M
ain customers
主な顧客
• Smartphone/tablet device manufacturers • EMS (electronics manufacturing services) • Chipset manufacturers
• IT service providers
• Telecommunications carriers
• Manufacturersofautomobilesandvehicle-relatedequipment
• Telecommunications carriers •Communication-related construction
companies
• Communication equipment manufacturers
• Electronic device/component manufacturers • Communication equipment manufacturers
• Mobile device manufacturers
• Electronic equipment manufacturers
• Automobileandvehicle-relatedequipmentmanufacturers
• Food manufacturers
(Agricultural products, meat, pro- cessed food)
• Pharmaceutical/cosmetics manufacturers (Tablets, capsules, liquids, and patches)
 Data communication business
• Monitoring and control systems related to public infrastructure, such as rivers and waterworks
• Bandwidth control devices for high-quality networks, such as financial systems and video distribution
Device business
•Optical/ultra-high-speed devices for optical communication networks and communication equipment
• National and local governments • Financial institutions
• Video distribution companies
• Electric equipment manufacturers • Communication equipment manufacturers
and other costs to each business segment was changed in FY2018, and the figures for FY2017 have been reclassified.
      (billions of yen)
80
60
40 8 20 4
00
16 12
Revenue breakdown by region (FY2018)
99.7
billion yen
           00
 ( F Y ) 2014 2015 Revenue (left axis)
(billions of yen)
24 18 12
6
2016
2017 2018 2019 (planned)
Operating profit (right axis)
(billions of yen)
2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5
             凡例( F Y ) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (planned)
Revenue (left axis) Operating profit (right axis) *PQA: Product Quality Assurance
 (billions of yen)
12 9 6 3
(billions of yen)
2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5
           00 ( F Y ) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
(planned)
Revenue (left axis) Operating profit (right axis) * The method of allocating headquarters administration
  
Figures for FY2014 to FY2016 have not been reclassified.
Revenue breakdown by business (FY2018)
99.7
billion yen
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 17
  Business Review

 CTO Message
 Anritsu Supporting Evolving 5G Moves to Beyond5G
Hanako Noda
Executive Officer, CTO
General Manager of Technical Division
In Japan there has been cooperation between industry, government, and academia in preparation for 5G implementation; using the Tokyo Olympics as the place for its debut. Compared to LTE, 5G promises not only higher communication speeds, but also world-changing innovations. Through measurement technology, Anritsu will support 5G and at the same time we have started preparations for Beyond5G (6G), the next generation to come.
Our Changing Environment
How will our world change in the next 20 years? Among megatrends, Anritsu’s focus is on demographic changes, the rise of the middle class, and rapid advances in technology. First, regarding demographics, the population is expected to increase by roughly 2.5 billion, mainly in Asia, Africa and the Middle East, while it will decline in advanced countries, where the ratio of aged people will rapidly become larger and a decline in the working population is expected to be a serious problem. The automation of manufacturing is inevita- ble to supplement the workforce and reduce manufacturing costs. In addition, there is a growing need for self-driving cars as a means of transport for the elderly, especially in areas where transport networks are not well developed. 5G technology is essential for the development of both factory automation and self-driving. Meanwhile, in areas where the population is expanding, the middle-class population will grow, and various new products and services will be created. As the middle class expands, there will be increasing demand in terms of both the quantity and quality of personal consumption. We believe that demand for food inspection will increase further, due to individualized ordering of food and food safety needs. In addition, rapid technological advancements, especially in artificial intelligence (AI), have a high potential for technological disruption in the next de- cade. It is easy to foresee rapid progress making great chang- es to our lives in the near future. AI is already being used in a wide variety of fields, making our lives more convenient, and even coming up with better jokes than comedians.
5G Changing Lives, Changing the World
5G usage scenarios include ultra-high speed, large capacity communication (eMBB: Enhanced Mobile Broadband), ultra-reliable and low latency communication (URLLC), and massive simultaneous connection communication (mMTC: massive Machine Type Communication). In 3GPP Release 15, which was finalized in 2018, the specification for ul- tra-high speed, large capacity communication was deter- mined for mobile applications. Advance rollouts of commer- cial services started in the US and South Korea in December 2018, with the provision of services scheduled to begin in other countries around the world. The specifications for ultra-reliable and low latency communication and multiple simultaneous connection will be determined from Release 16 in March 2020 onwards, with the deployment of com- mercial services expected from around 2021. Among these, ultra-high reliable and low latency communication promises a digital revolution that will bring significant change to the world.
Ultra-high-speed, large capacity communication relies on the realization of broadband communication and the use of millimeter-wave bands. Use of millimeter waves, such as the 28 GHz band presents the advantage that its frequencies are not as densely allocated as in the legacy 3 GHz frequen- cy bands and below. As a result, wider bands can be allo- cated, easily realizing large capacity communication. On the other hand, there is the problem of increased propagation loss in space (so-called “free space propagation losses”).
  18 ANRITSU CORPORATION

      Corporate Value Creation
ESG
Fact Sheet
     Smartphone
Wearable
Industrial field
    A “safe, secure, and prosperous society” realized by 5G/IoT
Wireless Agricultural network field
                           Automobile
     Data center
Healthcare
   Ultrahigh-speed
Speed
Download: 20Gbps
Upload: 10Gbps
Downloading a two-hour film in three seconds
Very low latency
Latency
1 ms
Precise operation of remote robots in real time
      Multiple simultane- ous connections Number of simultaneous connections One million devices
per km2
All devices and sensors around you are connected to the network
  2019
202X
      5G service roadmap
    CY2018 CY2019
3GPP Release 15 NSA/SA specifications (Phase 1 Ultrahigh-speed communication)
CY2020
CY202X
 ★ WRC-19
★ Release 16 (Phase 2: Extension to use cases for very low latency and multiple simultaneous connections)
 Release 15 commercial chip development
Development of terminals for advanced rollout Expanded development of commercial terminals Development of Release 16 terminals
      5Gservicesstartedbymajoroperatorsineachcountry
Since the loss is proportional to the square of the frequency, the loss at 30 GHz, for example, increases by 100-fold, compared to that at 3 GHz. As a technology to compensate for increased propagation losses in space, Massive MIMO antennas have been introduced as base station antennas for millimeter wave bands. As shown in the diagram on the right, by simultaneously emitting radio waves from each element of a Massive MIMO antenna composed of 16×16 (256) elements toward a single user to form a beam, a high reception power level can be achieved by the user. Massive MIMO antennas can also form beams for multiple users, and simultaneously perform large-capacity communication with multiple users. If this were realized, at the Olympic games, every spectator at the stadium would be able to wear AR glasses and enjoy watching the events from a freely select-
Development of Release 16 chips 5G service expanded
 Massive MIMO antenna
Full-scale 5G service started
Ultra-reliable and low latency/multiple simultaneous connection application services
Realization of ultra-high speed and large capacity communication
Beam forming
Massive MIMO antenna (e.g., 256 elements)
         ed viewpoint. A beam forming mechanism is required not only at the base station, but also at the mobile terminal side. When testing mobile terminals up to 4G, mobile termi- nals and measuring instruments were connected by cables. However, for 5G, especially millimeter waves, it is now necessary to perform testing without cables, but with
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 19
  Business Review
HOSPITAL

CTO Message
Conventional measurement and OTA measurement
Frequencies allocated to 5G
[3.7 GHz band] (shared with satellite communications)
3600 3700 3800 3900 4000 4100
[4.5 GHz band] (shared with public service communications of the Ministry of Defense)
4500 4600 4800
[28 GHz band] (shared with satellite communications)
27.0 27.4 27.8 28.2 29.1 29.5
necessary to upgrade the core network as well as any wireless sections. To accomplish this, processing systems, so-called “edge devices,” must be deployed immediately behind base stations.
Furthermore, “Local 5G” is also attracting attention as a new 5G application. Local 5G is an arrangement in which a regular business is assigned a frequency in a limited area, and is allowed to use 5G as a private network. In addition to the normal features of 5G, local 5G is highly promising, because its area can be designed for high security and in accordance with the user’s needs. Promising applications of local 5G include factory automation, the handling of personal information including large-capacity data such as CT images at medical sites, remote control of construction machinery, and real-time video distribution at stadiums and other locations. In Japan, plans are underway to allocate a bandwidth of 200 MHz in the 4.5 GHz band, and a bandwidth of 900 MHz in the 28 GHz band to local 5G. Similar developments are expected in Germany, with its Industry 4.0 strategy, where local 5G will be used in smart factories, etc.
~ 4G: Conventional measurement
5G: OTA measurement
  100MHz
   100MHz
   100MHz
   100MHz
   100MHz
        100MHz
       400MHz
   400MHz
   400MHz
      400MHz
 antennas, as a so-called “OTA (Over The Air) testing.” OTA testing of high-frequency millimeter waves requires very advanced technology. By harnessing our many years of experience in developing technologies for antennas and antenna testing, Anritsu has developed a mobile phone evaluation system that supports OTA testing.
For ultra-reliable and low latency communication, 3GPP has stipulated technical conditions of “a transmission success rate of 99.999% or higher for a data packet size of 32 bytes or more, and a latency of 1 millisecond (1 ms) or less in each wireless section.” Although 1 ms is the latency in a wireless section, in actual use, it is necessary to include processing delays in wired sections, on the Internet, and in application servers. As one example, for usage cases like self-driving and remote control of construction equipment, the latency must be kept to lower than human reaction speed. The time taken for humans to react (i.e., the time between detection of a danger and the initiation of brake operation) is usually regarded to be roughly 200 to 300 ms. It is therefore necessary to limit all of the above-mentioned delays, from the wireless sections to the processing speed of an application server, to less than this value. To achieve low latency, it is
Mobile edge computing for ultra-reliable and low latency communication
 Cloud
Candidate for Local 5G
 5G Core network configuration
  Self-driving
Internet GW
Mobile edge computing
    Mobile network Low latency
Large latency
  Telesurgery
Industrial robot
  20 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation
ESG Fact Sheet
Toward Beyond5G
5G will continue to evolve, and research and development into Beyond5G has already begun aiming for implementa- tion in 2030, which is 10 years from now. Although there is no clear definition of Beyond5G, the effective use of fre- quencies has been a perennial issue for wireless communica- tion, and it is believed that research in this area will continue even for Beyond5G. Based on how communication has evolved thus far, it is natural to expect further increases in communication capacity. This is because transmitted video will become a 3D distribution due to the spread of xR (the general term for VR: virtual reality, AR: augmented reality, and MR: mixed reality), and the communication capacity will increase for all types of devices, including unmanned aircraft such as drones and self-driving systems. The frequen- cy range of millimeter and smaller waves enables large-ca- pacity communication, which facilitates use for high-capaci- ty communications, such as Beyond5G. The higher the frequency, the shorter the wavelength and the higher the resolution, and for this reason, utilization of the millimeter band is progressing in various industrial fields, such as imaging and inspection for contaminants. In March 2019, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) established a new rule to license 95 GHz to 3 THz for 10 years for experimental use, as long as there is no interference with space research or atmospheric observations. This is very encouraging for the practical application of millimeter and terahertz waves. On the other hand, the higher the frequen-
Future uses of millimeter, terahertz, and optical waves Radio waves
Frequency 10GHz 0.1THz 1THz
Wavelength 30mm 3mm 300μm
cy, the greater the losses within communication devices and along propagation paths. Since greater miniaturization is also required, there are technical difficulties that accompany the use of high frequencies. Anritsu has developed mea- surement technology in anticipation of the use of millime- ter waves. Going forward, we will continue to study tech- nologies related to the use of millimeter and terahertz waves for sensing. We will also promote research and development related to Beyond5G, which we began work- ing on in 2019.
In addition, AI technology is approaching the peak of its third boom, and many AI tools are available. In the future, as 5G evolves, edge computing will be introduced to reduce latency for self-driving, VR, and AR, and AI technology will be introduced into edge devices. As one example, at a smart factory, there are hopes for AI to detect abnormalities and predict failures, as well as visualizing processes by edge processing of huge amounts of data, such as data from acceleration sensors worn by workers, temperature/humidity/ vibration sensors, and test data. By combining edge processing with image processing, a specialty of AI technology, Anritsu is working to improve contaminant detection during food inspections. In the future, we hope to provide intelligent and highly sensitive measurement and inspection solutions that combine 5G and AI technologies. We will strive to develop sensing technologies that support “measuring” and data analysis technologies such as AI to make “measuring” smarter, and by uniting these technologies, contribute to the realization of a safe, secure, and abundant society.
  10THz 100THz
Infrared
30μm 3μm
Optical waves
1PHz 10PHz
Visible Ultraviolet light
300nm 30nm
100PHz
X-rays
3nm
 Microwaves
 millimeter waves
 Terahertz waves
     Automotive radar (77/79 GHz)
Body scanner
Information KIOSK (300 GHz)
Telesurgery using large-capacity, lowlatency communication
Infrared camera
   5G smartphone (28/39 GHz)
Inspections during food production processes
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 21
  Business Review

 Test and Measurement Business
Contributing to the New Innovation Frontier Opened by 5G
- Supporting Network Evolution and Creating New Growth Drivers in 5G Utilizing Fields -
Tsutomu Tokuke
Vice President, Chief Measurement Business Officer General Manager of Measurement Business Division
 Since the digitalization of communication began in the 1980s, advancements including an explosive increase in mobile phone subscribers, the rapid development of the Internet, and the spread of mobile broadband driven by smartphones have brought great changes to both our lives and business. 5G, which carries high expectations as a communication platform for an advanced IoT society, is now poised to enter practical use.
Anritsu’s Measurement Business provides the global market with measuring instruments and test systems, which are essential tools for the establishment and spread of communication technologies. In addition to sup- porting the commercialization and development of 5G, from networks to terminals, we will contribute to the creation of new use cases and the solution of social issues, through the use of 5G in various industrial fields.
SWOT Analysis
  ▪ Communication and measurement tech- nologies, and products covering optical, wired, wireless, and protocols
▪ Global development, sales, and support network
▪ Partnerships with industry-leading cus- tomers and suppliers
 ▪ 5G/IoT utilization markets are still under development
▪ High dependence on the telecommunica- tions market
 SW
Weak- nesses
Threats
O
Strengths
Opportu- nities
T
 ▪ Increased demand for equipment for development, manufacturing, and con- struction/maintenance toward the com- mercialization of 5G
▪ Acceleration and upgrading of networks due to increased data traffic
▪ Market expansion of existing non-communi- cation industry fields due to the increased utilization of IoT applications
 ▪ Increased tensions over trade and geopolitics
▪ Falling cost competitiveness due to rapid
appreciation of the yen
▪ Economic slowdowns in target business areas
▪ Business fluctuations for specific customers
 22 ANRITSU CORPORATION

     Corporate Value Creation
ESG Fact Sheet
Business Areas
Over the 120 years of our history, Anritsu has exhibited its DNA as a pioneer who has opened up the future of information and communication, and supported the evolution and development of communication technology at the cutting edge. Our Test and Measurement Business provides the global market with a variety of measuring instruments and test systems that are essential for the functional and performance testing and quality assurance of communication facilities, equipment, and networks.
• Providing test solutions for all phases such as chipset development, device development, conformance testing, and manufacturing inspection in the mobile communica- tions market, as represented by smartphones.
• Providing measuring instruments for performance evaluations for network interfaces and bus interfaces, which are becoming ever faster due to the spread of cloud computing, as well as measuring instruments for optical module inspections.
• Providing measuring instruments for startup tests and main- tenance/repair of IP networks that support the Internet, and measuring instruments for manufacturing and construction/ maintenance of mobile communication base stations. In addition, providing a set of measuring instruments necessary for the construction/maintenance of optical fiber cables that extend throughout the world, from the underseas to homes.
• Providing measuring instruments and test systems required for evaluation and assurance of the connectivity quality required for the spread of connected cars and the introduc-
Business areas of the Test and Measurement Business
tion of IoT into home appliances and industrial equipment.
• Providing monitoring solutions that contribute to network failure analysis and improvements in customer experience by visualizing the network operational status of telecom- munications carriers.
Market Environment and Business Opportunities
■ Start of 5G Commercial Service
The introduction of 5G, which carries high expectations as a communication platform for IoT in various industries, will start in 2019. In addition to chipset development, where demand for testing has been strong since the communica- tion standards were established, there will be expanding 5G business opportunities for the development of commercial devices, conformance testing, carrier acceptance testing, and calibration inspections in production lines. The introduction of 5G is also expected to increase the demand for measuring instruments required for construction and maintenance across networks, such as the upgrading of communication equipment to realize high speed and low latency, and the introduction of base station equipment that supports high frequencies.
■ Data Center Expansion and Network Evolution
Data traffic is steadily increasing due to services such as SNS and video sharing. In the future, this trend is expected to strengthen further due to AR/VR applications and utilization of AI, among other factors. This situation is expected to promote increases in the scale of data centers as well as
         Mobile communication 2G, 3G, 4G & 5G
Automotive IoT connectivity
High-speed buses for cloud computing
          Network Construction/ Maintenance
RF & micro/mmWave devices/ components
Telecom network monitoring
   Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 23
  Business Review

 Test and Measurement Business
Anritsu solutions that support 5G networks
Conformance tests
GPS Time Data DU+CU
eCPRI/RoE 10G/25G
RU
GM
PTP Network
10G/25G/ 100GbE
Device development
Device mass produc- tion testing
5G
5G
RU
DU 10GbE/ 25GbE
eCPRI/ RoE
MEC CU
RRH
BBU Ethernet/WDM
Installing mobile backhaul/fronthaul equipment
Constructing/ maintaining base stations
Laying optical fiber
increased network speeds, and an increase in the introduc- tion of 100G Ethernet equipment, which is already in wide- spread use. In 2019, 400G Ethernet employing a new optical transceiver technology called “PAM4” is about to be intro- duced, which is expected to create more new business oppor- tunities.
■ Expanding Use Cases for IoT
The expansion of the market for IoT, where devices and services are connected to a network, offers new growth opportunities for Anritsu. Test technologies cultivated in the mobile market has been leveraged for verification of con- nected cars, and demand is increasing as the market ex- pands. Anritsu has a large variety of connectivity quality evaluation solutions required by IoT applications, such as 4G, 5G, wireless LAN, Bluetooth, and Cellular IoT, and we will continue to make proposals for various industry segments.
Growth Strategy
■ GLP2020 Core Policy
Under our Mid-Term Business Plan GLP2020, we have identified the three areas such as (1) 5G, LTE-Advanced, (2) IoT/Automotive, Connectivity, and (3) IP Data Traffic, Cloud Service, as growth drivers for realizing sustainable growth with profits. Among these, the 5G business plays the central role in our growth strategy. To establish a position as a leading company in the global market, we are working to enhance our solution lineups, establish an efficient develop- ment framework, and strengthen our support systems.
■ GLP2020 First Year Results
In FY2018, the first year of GLP2020, by capturing the rise in 5G initial development demand, we greatly exceeded our initial targets of 60.0 billion yen in sales and an operating profit ratio of 6%, achieving sales of 68.2 billion yen and an operating profit ratio of 14%, which represents a strong start toward the realization of GLP2020. We have expanded our lineup of 5G products, from development to manufac- turing and maintenance, in readiness for the commercializa- tion of 5G. Although the market for LTE has contracted, as expected, we have maintained our customer base and improved profitability by managing investment with a conscious focus on effectiveness. Our automotive and IoT-related businesses are continuously working to develop new customers, as businesses that will grow gradually over the long term. In 2018, the trend toward an expanded use of IoT has become more prominent, such as mandatory eCall in Europe and the successive launch of Cellular IoT services
by the operators of various countries.
■ Toward Achievement of the GLP2020 targets
To achieve revenue of 70.0 billion yen and an operating margin ratio of 14%, those are the goals for GL2020, we are accelerating our shift in attention to growing segments in FY2019, and work to expand our customer base. Due to the earlier-than-anticipated commercialization of 5G, we expect demand for testing to continue to switch from 4G to 5G. In addition to increasing the competitiveness of confor-
24 ANRITSU CORPORATION
4G
Evaluating high-speed interfaces for cloud computing

    Corporate Value Creation ESG
Fact Sheet
GLP2020 Business Progress and Beyond 2020
    FY2019
Plan
  FY2018
   Results
      68.2 billion yen Operating profit ratio:
14%
69.0 billion yen Operating profit ratio:
12%
GLP2020
70.0 billion yen Operating profit ratio: 14%
5G
IoT/Automotive
FY202X
100.0 billion yen
Operating profit ratio: 20%
To achieve GLP2020
Create growth opportunities by focusing on strengthening the competitiveness of the 5G business
• Enhance the global development system and customer support system
• Promote the conformance testing system business
Toward Beyond 2020
• Establish businesses in fields utilizing 5G
      mance testing systems, which will enjoy increased demand with 5G commercialization, we are aggressively making strategic investments to meet an increase in testing requests, due to many operators starting 5G operations. We will also work on the development of network equipment that will evolve with cloud computing, such as 400G Ethernet, and enhance our products in anticipation of manufacturing de- mand for optical communication modules.
Toward Beyond 2020
The introduction of new services that exploit the ultra high-speed and high capacity communication of 5G allow- ing the use of high-definition video distribution and VR/AR. The new features of ultra-low latency and multiple simulta- neous connections are also expected to create use cases in a variety of fields, including industry, agriculture, construction, and healthcare, as well as automobiles. Various experiments and demonstrations are already being actively conducted. By leveraging Anritsu’s competencies of “connecting” and “measuring” technologies, we will consider collaborating with companies with a strong presence in various fields, and strengthening our portfolio through M&As, as some of our options for establishing businesses in 5G utilizing fields, in new industries that lie beyond a projection of our existing mobile business. We are also working on creating a system to support further growth. For example, we are strengthening the management of our globally expand- ing development centers, working to achieve a deeper cooperation with leading customers, and developing sales channels. In terms of improving profitability, we will promote
Data Center/Computing
New Business
LTE, General purpose measuring equipment
thorough profitability evaluations of development investment projects, and promote product design and kaizen activities that consider cost control. Through these initiatives, we will achieve concrete results, aiming for sales of 100.0 billion yen and an operating profit ratio of 20%, which are the Beyond 2020 targets for the Test and Measurement Business.
Solutions for Society (SDG Initiatives)
IoT, which connects all kinds of devices, carries high expecta- tions for solving various social issues toward realization of the sustainability targets listed as the SDGs. In order to create a safe, secure, and comfortable IoT society, the development of a robust network infrastructure is essential. Our Test and Measurement Business contributes to the realization and maintenance of communication quality through various solutions for the communication network development, manufacturing, construction and mainte- nance, and operation stages. Measuring instruments and test systems that utilize wireless communication technolo- gies, such as WLAN, Bluetooth, Cellular IoT, 4G, and 5G, IP communication, and protocol testing technologies, are not limited to smartphones, and are starting to be introduced in advanced companies in fields including automobiles, home appliances, construction machinery, smart meters, and sensing. We believe that more fields will emerge in which Anritsu has something to offer, and we will continue contributing to the promotion of innovation in various industries, toward the creation of a sustainable society.
  Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 25
  Business Review

  PQA Business
Becoming a World-Class Quality Assurance Partner
- Becoming the First Company to Call in the Global Market -
Masumi Niimi
Director, Senior Vice President PQA Group President
Our PQA Business has ensured a stable revenue base by capturing an industry-leading position in the domestic food market. In the overseas food market, we have continued to grow significantly above the market average, with a strong reputation for X-ray inspection solutions as our strength.
In our Mid-Term Business Plan GLP2020, we are working to build a foundation for expanding our business globally, while increasing the value of the quality assurance solutions that are our focus.
To respond to a variety of requests in diverse food cultures, and provide solutions and amenable services that exceed our customers’ expectations, we will invest for the establishment of a supply chain that is optimized for global business.
By fully considering issues related to quality assurance and working to overcome them, we will grow into a quality assurance partner who will be the first one for customers to call.
SWOT Analysis
We expect our PQA Business, which has strengths in quality inspection technology for production lines and its ability to adapt to various food manufacturing environments, to expand further due to growing global quality assurance needs for foods and
pharmaceuticals. On the other hand, establishing a sales and maintenance network in overseas markets, and filling out a product lineup that matches the requirements and characteristics of the European and American markets remain as issues.
  ▪ High-speed, high-precision, quality inspection technology for production lines
▪ Engineering capability for adapting inspection equipment to various food manufacturing environments
▪ Extensive maintenance service system and experienced maintenance engineers in Japan
• Past record and top-class market position in the food inspection market in Japan
 ▪ Increasing market recognition in large markets such as Europe and America
▪ Filling out a product lineup that matches the requirements of the European and American markets
▪ Sales and maintenance network in overseas markets
 SW
Weak- nesses
Threats
O
Strengths
Opportu- nities
T
 ▪ Growing global demand for a stabilized supply of safe and secure food
▪ Increasing brand risks to food companies due to quality incidents
▪ Increased consumption of processed foods due
to advances in processing/packaging technologies
▪ Rapid development of innovative technologies such as AI and IoT
▪ Expansion into the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry, which demands higher quality assurance
▪ Increased demand for automation and labor saving on production lines due to labor shortages
 ▪ Very strong competition in large markets such as Europe and America
 26 ANRITSU CORPORATION

     Corporate Value Creation
ESG
Fact Sheet
Example production line
[Weighing]
Weigh and apportion so that the content of packages is within a specified limit
Automatic electronic weigher
Combine things with a range of weights and allocate within a speci- fied range
(Combining weight mea- surement)
Business Areas
The PQA Business develops, manufactures, sells, and maintains quality inspection systems for production lines. Approximately 80% of revenue in this business are in the food industry.
Many processed foods sold at stores such as supermarkets and convenience stores are produced in food factories at a very high speed of hundreds of products per minute on a belt conveyor. Our PQA Business products contribute to improvements in productivity and quality, by automating quality inspections that have conventionally been performed by humans on production lines.
At Anritsu, we tackle the endless issues of quality assurance head on, proposing optimal quality inspection methods to individual customers, managing and utilizing quality data, and providing full maintenance services, among other measures. By doing so, we find solutions that offer total support to the quality assurance activities of our customers.
Market Environment and Business Opportunities
The food processing industry, which is the main customer of our PQA Business, has over 100,000 business sites worldwide. Quality assurance needs, such as weight checking and contaminant inspections, in the food industry are continuing to spread from developed countries to emerging countries, and from major corporations that are global businesses to the industry as a whole.
Relatedly, since potato chips and other objects are in packages shaped like pillows, this is called a “pillow package” and is in wide use.
[Packaging]
Placing the contents in the packages
[Inspection]
Inspection to determine whether the weight of contents is proper. It is used to determine whether metal objects or other items are included and detect whether the contents have been broken or some contents are missing.
Various types of wrapped prod- ucts are inserted into a cardboard container.
    [Crating]
The manufactured items are inserted into a crate or other shipping con- tainers, and, at this stage, inspections may also be con- ducted for weight and presence of contam- inants.
Autochecker
    Autochecker Metal detector X-rayinspectionsystems
[Shipment]
Items are shipped from the factory and go into distribution channels.
Weight? Contaminants? etc.
  Rejector section
Production management system
  The weight inspection is designed to determine whether the items have been weighed properly and are correctly packaged. At the contaminant inspection stage, verification of whether there are metal or plastic contents is conducted and X-ray inspection equipment can detect cracks and defects in such products as cookies. In addition, the production management software “QUICCA” may collaborate in the inspection and weighting stages to monitor production.
In the Japanese market, labor shortages are becoming more severe due to a falling birthrate, an aging population, the concentration of population into urban areas, mismatches between labor supply and demand, and other reasons. As a result, there is an increasing need for automation and labor saving on production lines.
Since the 1960s, when supermarkets started to carry a large range of processed foods, we have created a history of “co-creation and development” in the food industry, and earned the trust of many food companies as their quality assurance partner.
In North America, whose food culture is characterized by bread and meat, X-ray inspection has penetrated the market and demand is growing, mainly for the detection of bones left in meat, and inspection of confectionery and cooked foods.
In Europe, whose food processing and packaging industry has the longest history, the quality inspection market has matured, and the standardization of quality control criteria is progressing. Europe has become the most advanced market for food safety and security where many international standards for the quality control of processed foods such as ISO 22000 are organized.
In China and the ASEAN countries, where remarkable economic growth continues, the need for safe food is increasing with the expanded distribution of prepackaged foods. Demand for quality inspections is expected to increase, primarily for high-income consumers.
  Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 27
  Business Review

PQA Business
Current Status of the PQA Market and Outlook
EMEA
More stringent quality assurance for the retail industry
Americas
Increased demand for X-ray inspection market
2018 2020
Japan
Automation and labor saving on production lines due to labor shortages
2018 2020
opment of product platforms for successively commercializ- ing new products with high customer value.
In major markets centered on advanced countries in Europe and the Americas, we will further cultivate our global relationships and develop customer response systems, optimize our supply chains on a global basis, and improve services and operational efficiency.
■ First Year Results of GLP2020
The main achievements of FY2018 are as follows.
◦ Release of the “XR75 Series X-Ray Inspection System
with Dual Energy Sensor,” which adopted a newly developed sensor and image processing algorithm, and development of strategic products aimed at business development in the
           2018
Asia
Expansion of demand for processed food, rising personnel expenses
2020
    2018
Growth Strategy
■ GLP2020 Basic Policy
2020
 In GLP2020, Anritsu positions the three years of the plan up until 2020 as an important period of preparation to transform into “a world-class quality assurance solution partner” who will be the first one for customers to call.
■ Initiatives Toward GLP2020
To achieve consolidated revenue of 26.0 billion yen, a share of 50% or higher for overseas operations, and an operating profit ratio of 12% as set forth in the 2020VI- SION, we need to increase consolidated revenue by 3.0 billion yen, mostly in overseas markets, over our FY2018 results, and to increase profitability by providing value to customers and raising our business efficiency.
To achieve these goals, Anritsu is working on “cultivating markets in advanced countries in Europe and the Americas, and the pharmaceutical manufacturing market, with X-ray inspection systems as a key solution” and “responding accurately to market needs through localization and trans- forming into a global business,” as initiatives for GLP2020.
We are investing in the development of new sensors and R&D into image processing and signal analyzing technolo- gies, such as AI, to produce “Original & High Level,” high value-added solutions. Anritsu is also promoting the devel-
pharmaceutical market ◦ Cultivation of global
relationships, focusing on North America, and strengthening of local business structures to provide better services
◦ Improvement of business processes and management infrastructure to achieve more responsive and accurate
XR75 Series X-Ray Inspection System with Dual Energy Sensor
 28 ANRITSU CORPORATION
EMEA 43%
Americas 28%
Japan
Asia 15% 14%
  Global market size of 220 billion yen (estimated by Anritsu) Average growth rate of 4% expected by 2020

    Corporate Value Creation ESG
Fact Sheet
 GLP2020 Business Progress and Beyond2020
   FY2019
 Plan
 FY2018
  results
     23.1 billion yen Operating profit ratio:
7%
24.5 billion yen Operating profit ratio:
8%
GLP2020
26.0 billion yen Operating profit ratio: 12%
Japan
Americas
EMEA
Asia
FY202X
30.0 billion yen
Operating profit ratio: >12%
To achieve GLP2020
• Strengthen our sales bases in Europe
• Promotion of solutions as a platform
Toward Beyond 2020
• Full-scale expansion into the pharmaceutical manufacturing field
     management of business that will expand globally
It will take time for these initiatives to produce results, but they are generally progressing so far on schedule.
Toward Beyond 2020
Guaranteeing product quality is vital for all manufacturing industries. At present, Anritsu provides business solutions mainly to customers in the food industry; however, many challenges still remain in this field.
In addition, the pharmaceutical industry, which is directly related to human health, imposes its own stricter standards, and works on quality assurance day and night.
In the PQA business, we will accelerate business expansion in the food field and full-scale expansion in the pharmaceutical manufacturing field, thereby creating a path to sustainable growth with profits, from 2020 and onwards.
We will increase customer value by studying the latest quality assurance issues and creating unmatched original and high-level quality assurance solutions, and aim for an operating profit ratio of over 12%.
Solutions for Society (SDG Initiatives)
The SDG Target 12.3 adopted by the United Nations indicates “halve per capita food waste at the retail and consumer level and reduce food losses along production and supply chains” as a concrete goal for achieving sustainable consumption and production patterns.
In response, many food companies are working to reduce food loss, as an issue toward contributing to the SDGs. Processing food at factories and then distributing it to the market is effective in reducing food loss, since it greatly extends the expiry dates of food and allows the secondary use of vegetable waste, etc. as feed and fuel.
Our quality assurance solutions can prevent products with quality problems from reaching the market, and in the unlikely event that some reach distribution channels, wastage losses associated with the collection of those products can be reduced by identifying the offending products and minimizing the scope of collection.
By providing advanced quality assurance solutions, our PQA Business will work together with our customers toward the realization of a sustainable society.
  Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 29
  Business Review

Corporate Governance
Basic concept on corporate governance
Anritsu aims for “continuous growth with sustainable superior profits” and “enhanced corporate value” by responding to changes in the operating environment in a flexible and speedy manner and improving competitiveness as a global company.
The Company seeks to fulfill these objectives by continuing to maintain and strengthen corporate governance systems and frameworks aimed at (1) enabling cooperation with various stakeholders such as shareholders, employees, customers, sup- pliers, creditors, and local communities, (2) transparent, fair, prompt, and decisive decision making, and (3) appropriate and timely information disclosure.
■ Corporate Governance Structure
Anritsu has opted to become a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee in order to strengthen its audit and supervisory functions. In addition, the Company has intro- duced an executive officer system in order to enable rapid business execution, separating the Board of Directors’ deci- sion-making and supervisory functions from business execu- tion undertaken by executive officers.
The board is composed of nine directors, five of whom are not involved in business execution (four of those five are independent outside directors). Of note, independent outside directors had a 98% attendance rate at Board meetings in fiscal 2018.
The Company has established a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee chaired by independent outside directors in order to complement the functions of the Board of Directors and further clarify its accountability.
Moreover, the Independent Committee is composed of all the Company’s independent outside directors, nominates senior independent outside directors by mutual vote, and serves as a place to facilitate smooth communication among outside directors.
    Audit & Supervisory Committee
Shareholder Meeting
 Board of Directors
   Management Audit Department
   Board of Directors Effectiveness Evaluation
Global Audit Department
Group Headquarters functions
Corporate Governance Department
Test and Measurement Business Group
Management Strategy Conference
Compensation Committee
 Accounting Auditors
 PQA Business Group
Nominating Committee
 Independent Committee
Enforcement Organs
      Other Subsidiaries, etc
 ■Board of Directors Effectiveness Evaluation Methods
The Company conducts an annual review of the Board of Directors effectiveness on the criteria of each item listed in its basic policy on corporate governance, and implements mea- sures to increase effectiveness. Evaluations of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors take place for four to five months every year, after first reconfirming the previous fiscal year’s issues and evaluating, for example, the status and level of improvement. We start with discussions about whether there are points about the evaluation method or evaluation items that should be changed from the previous fiscal year for the current fiscal year. This is linked to implementation in the following fiscal year through an exchange of opinions by the Board of Directors, deep discussion and the sharing of issues.
■ Board of Director Effectiveness Evaluation Results and Issues
The main results of evaluation for fiscal 2018 are as follows: Leading to a deepening of discussion, the Company con-
firmed the status of measures that had followed the previous year’s evaluation results. The measures had included discuss- ing medium- and long-term business with external technical advisors, the faster provision of documents to outside direc- tors, and the carrying out of briefings on monthly proposals in advance.
The Company also verified the establishment of a system which is aimed at fostering constructive discussions and
decision making regarding key management items as well as supervising business execution. In addition, the composition of the Board of Directors is appropriate in terms of the presence and number of internal/external management personnel for global business expansion and management system enhance- ment. However, as with the previous fiscal year the need for further diversity-oriented measures has been confirmed.
The participation and contributions of each director are discussed (which includes self-assessments) at meetings of the Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Committee, Indepen- dent Committee, Nominating Committee, and Compensation Committee. The results indicate that all directors fully under- stand the role they play in enhancing the Group’s corporate value, have insights on high levels of expertise based on a wide array of experience, and, in turn, engage in lively discus- sions.
On the other hand, the following proposals have been raised and shared at Board of Directors’ meetings with regard to key issues that prioritize further increases in the Board’s effectiveness.
(1) Board of Directors’ Diversity
On an ongoing basis, the Board of Directors will consider inviting outside directors who are knowledgeable about the Company’s future business areas and the technolo- gies of those areas, or outside directors who possess experience as corporate executives.
(2) Contributions to Sustainability
The Board of Directors will further enhance contribu- tions to address social sustainability issues.
30 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review Fact Sheet
■Composition of Board of Directors and Committees As of June 26, 2019
 Position
 Independent Executives
 Name
 Nominating Committee
 Compensation Committee
 Independent Committee
 Audit & Supervi- sory Committee
 Representative Director
    Hirokazu Hamada
  q
  q
     Director
Akifumi Kubota
q
q
 Director
  Masumi Niimi
     Director
  Takeshi Shima
     Outside Director
  Takaya Seki
 q
 q
 q
  Outside Director
    Kazuyoshi Aoki
  q
  q
  q
   Outside Director
(Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Norio Igarashi
q
q
q
q
 Outside Director
(Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
  Keiko Shimizu
 q
 q
 q
 q
 Director
(Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
    Toshisumi Taniai
        q
   Independent executive q Chairperson q Committee member ■Reasons for Selection of Directors
Non-executive Directors (Outside Directors)
 Name
  Reasons for Selection
  Important Concurrent Posts
 Takaya Seki
 Mr. Seki was deemed to be qualified as an outside director for his abundant knowledge and outstanding insight as a specialist in global corporate governance along with his knowledge and experience as a Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) of the Company.
 Director of Corporate Practice Partners, Inc. Professor, Rissho University Faculty of Business Administration
  Kazuyoshi Aoki
Mr. Aoki was deemed to be qualified as an outside director for his having served as a manager of finance and accounting of a listed company, for having specialized knowledge and abundant experience of and remarkable insight into finance and accounting, and also for having a wealth of experience in global business.
   Norio Igarashi
 Mr. Igarashi was deemed to be qualified as an outside director for his specialized knowledge and abundant experience in finance and accounting as a certified public accountant and university professor as well as for his wide-ranging expertise in management from his experience as an outside auditor of a listed company.
  Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee.) of Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co., Ltd.
 Keiko Shimizu
  Ms. Shimizu was deemed qualified as an outside director for possessing expertise and rich experience in finance and accounting as a CPA and university professor. As a qualified auditor she also has remarkable insight into areas that include information security.
  Director of Shimizu CPA Office
Professor, Department of Business Administration, Faculty of Economics, Teikyo University
   (Internal Director)
Executive Directors
 Toshisumi Taniai
   Mr. Taniai was deemed qualified as a director for his broad knowledge and experience in the areas of corporate planning, corporate governance, and compliance, having overseen the Group business administration as Chief Corporate Officer. He also has a wealth of experience obtained as Director of the company.
   Name
  Reasons for Selection
 Hirokazu Hamada
Tasked with product development and domestic/overseas marketing at the Group’s mainstay Test and Measurement Business Group, Mr. Hamada possesses broad knowledge and experience in operations that include keeping abreast of industrial and technological trends. Currently serving as the Company’s Representative Director, President, Anritsu Group CEO and the head of Test and Measure- ment Business Group, Mr. Hamada was deemed qualified as a director who is demonstrating his leadership in driving global businesses.
 Akifumi Kubota
 Having been in charge of the Accounting & Control Department for the Company and overseas subsidiaries, Mr. Kubota currently oversees accounting strategies and Group business administration as CFO and corporate controller. Mr. Kubota was deemed qualified as a director for his extensive knowledge and experience in the areas of finance, accounting, and corporate governance.
 Masumi Niimi
 Mr. Niimi has wide-ranging knowledge and experience, having been tasked mainly with production management, corporate planning, and overseas subsidiary management at the Product Quality Assurance (PQA) Business Division, which has expanded to become a Group business pillar. Mr. Niimi was deemed qualified as a director after demonstrating his leadership as manager of the PQA Business Group and Anritsu Infivis Co., Ltd., which runs the PQA business.
 Takeshi Shima
  Possessing a wealth of knowledge and experience in global business, as Chief Global Sales Officer Mr. Shima currently leads global sales and develops the measurement business, which is the main business of Anritsu Group, in the global market, including Japan. He was therefore deemed qualified to be appointed as a director.
   Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 31
  ESG

A tripartite conversation
Audit and Supervisory Committee Members
  Toshisumi Taniai
Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Norio Igarashi
Outside Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Chair
Keiko Shimizu
Outside Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
It has been four years since Anritsu became a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee. As part of this year’s Integrated Report, members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee will talk about the com- pany’s auditing system and its contribution to enhancing the Company’s overall corporate governance system, as well as current initiatives related to auditing and challenges moving forward.
The direction of the Anritsu Auditing System
Mr. Toshisumi Taniai: Anritsu (hereafter the Company) aims to achieve enhanced transparency in management from a global standpoint by strengthening the audit and supervi- sory functions (hereafter referred to as the auditing system) of the Board of Directors and enhancing corporate gover- nance systems. The Company auditing system is comprised of three members, including two external directors and one full-time internal director. From the perspective of an outside director and member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee, what are your thoughts on: 1) the auditing system in gener- al; 2) auditing at overseas subsidiaries engaged in global development; 3) the system for internal audits; and 4) the trilateral auditing system?
(1) The auditing system in general
Mr. Norio Igarashi: The Anritsu auditing system is organi- cally linked to and coordinated by the Audit & Supervisory Committee and the Management Audit Department that
supports it, as well as the Global Audit Department responsi- ble for internal audits. Members of the Management Audit Department have a wealth of experience in executive man- agement as well as a deep understanding of the Company and its business, making it an effective organization for auditing and supervising the board of directors.
To ensure and strengthen the effectiveness of the Audit & Supervisory Committee, we need to adopt a risk-based approach that reflects the corporate culture in regard to financial reporting, the appropriateness of internal controls and compliance, and quality assessments of external audits, including by assessing risks from the perspective of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, setting priority themes, formu- lating auditing policies on an annual basis, drafting auditing targets, and carrying out audits.
We meet regularly with the representative director to discuss the results of audits, and exchange opinions on how to address the important issues confronting the company. I believe this illustrates the important role the Audit and Supervisory Committee can play in bolstering corporate value at the Company.
32 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review
Fact Sheet
Ms. Keiko Shimizu: We have established regular opportunities for communication between the board of directors and the Audit and Supervisory Committee, the Global Audit Department and the Audit Corporation, and believe strengthening communications to allow the prompt sharing of information on risks is also key to improved governance.
(2) Strengthening Anritsu’s Global Auditing System
Mr. Toshisumi Taniai: Roughly two-thirds of consolidated sales at Anritsu are overseas, and given an overseas group network that includes the measuring instrument and PQA businesses in North America, the EMEA (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa) region, and Asia, there is a pressing need to improve the internal control systems at our overseas locations. With this in mind, what are your thoughts on the Company’s global auditing system?
Mr. Norio Igarashi: It’s my understanding that the Global Audit Department enacts audits for the domestic and overseas subsidiaries, with an emphasis in the audits placed on risks to the operation of the business.
There are 32 overseas subsidiaries in 21 countries around the world, as well as 10 domestic subsidiaries, with the measuring instruments and PQA businesses each having business locations overseas. Of course, the size of each company varies, though it is clear to see that it is not easy for the Global Audit Department to visit each of these companies in the space of a single year. The duties of the Global Audit Department include conducting a general assessment of each company’s business, the competitive environment, and applicable regulations, as well as each company’s risk management, operation of the business, financial reporting system, organization, and employees. The Global Audit Department also assesses risk and constructs a risk map and heat map for each company while conducting the audit. The Audit & Supervisory Committee assesses whether the audits have been conducted effectively and efficiently, with ongoing cooperation and communication with the Global Audit Department.
Ms. Keiko Shimizu: Some of the recent inappropriate accounting activity at Japanese companies has involved overseas subsidiaries, making the auditing of these overseas business a key point upon which we should focus. I think it is important to keep an eye on actions at the Global Audit Department, including in regard to securing an adequate level of auditors.
(3) Direction of the Global Audit Department
Mr. Toshisumi Taniai: Anritsu’s Global Audit Department conducts audits based on a particular theme each year, mainly statutory audits with an emphasis on J-SOX audits. What are your thoughts on the Global Audit Department?
Mr. Norio Igarashi: The Global Audit Department is essential to the Audit & Supervisory Committee fulfilling its role in the Company.
Internal controls in the Company are confirmed through cooperation between the Audit & Supervisory Committee, the Management Audit Department, and the Global Audit Department. Audits of subsidiaries to ensure the
appropriateness of operations are also conducted in cooperation with the internal auditing departments of the subsidiaries, with the results regularly reported to the board of directors.
As evidenced by the measuring instruments business, Anritsu is operating in a particularly volatile industry. Amid such an environment, the Global Audit Department is expected to serve not only as a discoverer of issues for action, but also as a provider of audit themes and a mechanism for solutions. Looking at the maturation model for internal audits, it would appear there is still some room for improvement. For the Audit & Supervisory Committee, the focus is on whether the Global Audit Department has effectively utilized the auditing knowhow built up over many years and the measures effectively applied to date to further improve the quality and efficiency of audits. The Audit & Supervisory Committee also works with the Global Audit Department, providing a medium- to long-term perspective and offering advice when necessary so the latter can effectively serve as a risk management advisor that is trusted by the executive departments.
Ms. Keiko Shimizu: There have recently been reported cases of fraud related to internal controls. I believe it import- ant to focus on the Global Audit Department’s efforts in selecting themes and departments for attention based on assumed risk.
(4) Communication (particularly on KAM) with the Audit Corporation in a trilateral audit
Mr. Toshisumi Taniai: With the goal of improving transpar- ency in corporate audits, the audit report for the fiscal year ending in March 21, 2021 is expected to require the disclo- sure of key audit matters (KAM). With an eye toward disclo- sures of this type, Anritsu has entered into detailed discus- sions with KPMG AZSA, our Audit Corporation. What are your thoughts on working with an Audit Corporation?
Mr. Norio Igarashi: Anritsu holds regular meetings including the accounting auditor, the Global Audit Department, and the Audit & Supervisory Committee. Key Audit Matters are central to Audit Corporation when auditing financial statements, and can identify matters the company would consider important risks. Through KAM, the Audit & Supervisory Committee members can clearly grasp the audit risks upon which the Audit Corporation are focused in financial reporting, and they can accordingly assess wheth- er the accounting auditor approach is appropriate as well as the overall quality of the audit. A key theme this year is preparations for the introduction of KAM, with the goal of improving the effectiveness of audits while at the same time deepening the exchange of opinions.
Ms. Keiko Shimizu: As with the dialogue being conducted with the Audit Corporation, I would like to see improved effectiveness based on the perspective of each participant in a trilateral audit. The theme of KAM is of course to improve the transparency of audits conducted by Audit Corporation, though how we disclose items related to KAM is also import- ant. This is especially important to consider as a member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee.
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 33
  ESG

Board of Directors and Auditors
   Representative Director
Hirokazu Hamada
Director
Akifumi Kubota
Director
Masumi Niimi
   Apr. 1988 Apr. 2004
Apr. 2011 Apr. 2015
Apr. 2016
Apr. 2017
Jun. 2017 Apr. 2018
Jun. 2018 Apr. 2019
Joined the Company
Senior Manager of 1st Development Dept. of IP Network Div., Measurement Business Group
Vice President of Anritsu Company (USA) Vice President of the Company
Chief R&D Officer of Measurement Business
General Manager of R&D Div.
Senior Vice President
Vice President of Measurement Business Group
General Manager of Measurement Business Div.
Executive Vice President
President of Measurement Business Group (Incumbent)
Director of the Company
Executive Vice President
Representative Director, President President (Executive Officer) (Incumbent) Representative Director (Incumbent) Anritsu Group CEO (Incumbent)
Apr. 1983 Apr. 2007
Apr. 2010
Jun. 2013 Apr. 2017 Oct. 2017 Apr. 2018
Apr. 2019 Oct. 2019
Joined the Company
Senior Manager of Accounting & Control Dept.
Vice President
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) (Incumbent) Director of the Company (Incumbent) Senior Vice President
President of Anritsu U.S. Holding, Inc. Chief Corporate Officer (Incumbent) General Manager of Global Corporate Headquarters
Executive Vice President (Incumbent) President of Anritsu U.S. Holding, Inc.
Apr. 1983 Jun. 2006
Jun. 2008 Apr. 2011
Apr. 2012 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Joined the Company
Senior Manager of Manufacturing Dept., Manufacturing Div., Anritsu Industrial Solutions Co., Ltd. (Currently Anritsu Infivis Co., Ltd.)
President of Anritsu Industrial Solutions Thailand Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
Senior Manager of Planning Dept., Anritsu Industrial Solutions Co., Ltd. (Currently Anritsu Infivis Co., Ltd.)
Vice President of Anritsu Industrial Solutions Co., Ltd.
Vice President of the Company President of PQA Business Group (Incumbent)
Representative Director, President of Anritsu Infivis Co., Ltd. (Incumbent) Senior Vice President of the Company (Incumbent)
Director of the Company (Incumbent)
   Director
Director*
Director*
   Takeshi Shima
Takaya Seki
Kazuyoshi Aoki
Apr. 1988 Apr. 2009
Apr. 2012
Apr. 2014 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2017
Oct. 2017 Apr. 2019
Jun. 2019
Joined the Company
Senior Manager of APAC Team Business Development Dept., Marketing Div. Senior Manager of Wireless Device Manufacturing Solution Dept., Marketing Div.
Senior Manager of Project Team 3 Product Marketing Dept., Marketing Div. Director of Global Business Development Dept., Measurement Business Div. (Incumbent)
Vice President (Incumbent)
Chief Global Sales Officer (Incumbent) General Manager of Global Sales Center (Incumbent)
General Manager of APAC Sales Center President of Anritsu Americas Sales Company (Incumbent)
Director of the Company (Incumbent)
Apr. 1977
Mar. 2001
Oct. 2001
Apr. 2006 Jun. 2008
Mar. 2009 Jun. 2011 Jun. 2015
Feb. 2017 Apr. 2017 Jun. 2019
Joined Toyo Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. (Currently Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation)
Resigned from Toyo Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
Joined Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd. Senior Research Manager and Chief Researcher, Japan Investor Relations and Investor Support, Inc.
Lecturer at Meiji University Graduate School of Global Business (Incumbent) Resigned from Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd. and Japan Investor Relations and Investor Support, Inc.
Managing Director of Corporate Practice Partners, Inc.
PhD (Econ), Kyoto University
Outside Director of the Company Outside Director of the Company (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) Director of Corporate Practice Partners, Inc. (Incumbent)
Professor, Rissho University Faculty of Business Administration (Incumbent) Outside Director of the Company (Incumbent)
Apr. 1979 Feb. 1994
Jul. 2001
Mar. 2003 Mar. 2005
May. 2007 Jun. 2012
Jan. 2017 Jun. 2019
Joined Kao Soap Co., Ltd. (Currently Kao Corporation)
Manager of Finance and Accounting Div., Wakayama factory, Kao Corporation
Senior Manager of IR Dept., Accounting and Finance Center, Kao Corporation Controller of International Household Div. Vice Chairman of the Board and Vice President,
Kao (China) Holding Co., Ltd. Senior Manager of Accounting and Finance Div.
Executive Officer in charge of Accounting and Finance
Resigned Kao Corporation
Outside Director of the Company (Incumbent)
34 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review
Fact Sheet
    Director*
(Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Norio Igarashi
Director*
(Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Keiko Shimizu
Director
(Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Toshisumi Taniai
   Apr. 1977 Jul. 1988
Sep. 2006
Mar. 2007 Apr. 2007
Mar. 2013 Apr. 2014
Jun. 2016
Mar. 2017 Jun. 2017
Registration of CPA
Representative Partner of Aoyama Audit Corporation
Representative Partner of Aarata Audit Corporation
(Currently Pricewaterhouse Coopers Aarata LLC)
Resigned from Aarata Audit Corporation Professor, Graduate School of International Social Sciences, YOKOHAMA National University Outside Corporate Auditor of Kao Corporation
Visiting Professor, Center for Economic Growth Strategy, YOKOHAMA National University (Incumbent)
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) of Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co., Ltd. (Incumbent)
Resigned as outside Corporate Auditor of Kao Corporation
Outside Director of the Company (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) (Incumbent)
May 1979
Feb. 1982 Apr. 1982
Sep. 1982 Apr. 2007 May 2007
Oct. 2010
Nov. 2010 Oct. 2012 Nov. 2012
Apr. 2016 Jun. 2019
Joined Price Waterhouse (Currently Pricewaterhouse Coopers Aarata LLC) Resigned from Price Waterhouse Joined Chuo Audit Corporation (Later renamed MISUZU Audit Corporation) Registration of CPA
Resigned MISUZU Audit Corporation ShinNihon LLC Audit Corporation (Currently Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC) Resigned ShinNihon LLC Audit Corporation
Joined Consist Inc.
Resigned Consist Inc.
Established Shimizu CPA Office (Incumbent)
Professor, Department of Business Administration, Faculty of Economics, Teikyo University (Incumbent)
Outside Director of the Company (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) (Incumbent)
Apr. 1981 Jul. 2004
Apr. 2009
Apr. 2011 Jun. 2011 Apr. 2013
Apr. 2015 Apr. 2017
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2019
Joined the Company
Senior Manager of Sales Support Dept., Sales Div.
Vice President
Senior Manager of Human Resource and Administration Dept.
Chief Corporate Officer
Director of the Company
General Manager of Management Strategy Center
Senior Vice President
Executive Vice President
Director of Appliance Business Dept. Senior Executive Officer
Resigned as Senior Executive Officer Director of the Company (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) (Incumbent)
 Exective Officers
Hirokazu Hamada
President
Group CEO
Measurement Business Group President
Akifumi Kubota
Executive Vice President CFO
Chief Corporate Officer
Masumi Niimi
Senior Vice President
PQA Business Group President
Takeshi Shima
Vice President
Chief Global Sales Officer
Yasunobu Hashimoto
Vice President
Chief Device Business Officer
Ichiro Takeuchi
Vice President
Chief Human Resource and Administration Officer
Hiroyuki Fujikake
Vice President Chief SCM Officer
Noboru Uchida
Vice President
Vice Chief Corporate Officer
Yoshiyuki Amano
Vice President
Chief APAC Sales Officer
Masahiko Kadowaki
Vice President
Chief Corporate Strategy Officer
Tsutomu Tokuke
Vice President
Chief Measurement Business Officer
Tetsuo Kawabe
Senior Executive Officer Management Audit Dept.
* Outside Directors as specified in Japan’s Company Act, Article 2-15
Yukihiro Takahashi
Senior Executive Officer
Measurement Business Group Vice President Chief Network Monitoring Solution Business Officer
Akio Takagi
Senior Executive Officer
Chief Environment and Quality Officer
Toru Wakinaga
Senior Executive Officer Management Audit Dept.
Olaf Sieler
Executive Officer
CBDO (Chief Business Development Officer)
Hanako Noda
Executive Officer CTO
Akihiro Harimoto
Executive Officer
Chief Japan Sales Officer
Concurrently serving as director
 Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 35
  ESG

Sustainability Management
Anritsu has aggressively pursued sustainability activities based on its Company Philosophy, Company Vision, Company Policies and Sustainability Policy that was created in April 2018.
The Company at the same time has established the Sustainability Promotion Center, with a Sustainability Promotion Committee comprising representatives of business divisions, operating companies, and members in the ESG domains. The center is in charge of the promotion of sustainability-related issues for the Anritsu Group.
System for Promoting Sustainability
Stakeholders
Customers
Suppliers
Employees
Regional societies
NGOs and NPOs
Global environments
Sustainability promotion activity will follow the corporate value improvement policies as determined by the Board of Directors and at a Management Strategy Conference and fall under PDCA activity as part of the new GLP2020 Mid-Term Business Plan targets. In respect to key ESG issues and social issues the Company aims to alleviate through its business activities, we have sought to maintain objectivity and inclusiveness in addressing the concerns of each of our stakeholders and have accordingly identified and prioritized key issues for action after consulting and cooperating with all related departments.
   Anritsu Group
  Shareholders and investors
Board of Directors
     Action
Check
Plan
Do
Management Areas
   Members
■ Representatives of business divisions and operating companies
■Representatives of areas that advance issues in response to social demands
• Respect for human rights and diversity
• Human resource development
• Occupational health and safety
• Supply chain management
• Quality and product safety
• Environment
• Corporate governance
• Compliance
• Internal control systems
• Risk management
• Information security
• Information disclosure, IR, SR
• Social contribution activities
    36
ANRITSU CORPORATION
Management Strategy Conference
 Sustainability Promotion Center
 KPI (sustainability) Goal Management
 Sustainability Promotion Committee
 National and local governments

    Corporate Value Creation
Business Review
Fact Sheet
  A safe, secure,
and comfortable society
Customers
Automobiles
Healthcare
Construction
Agriculture
Entertainment Food
       Autonomuous driving
 Telemedicine
 Remote control
 Farming support
 VR/AR
 Reduced food loss Product quality assurance
            Mobile communications market
Network infrastructure market
Electronics market
Food processing market
Pharmaceuticals market
   Solving Social Issues Through Business
    Anritsu Group
Maintaining Harmony with the Global Socio-Economy
Together with our diverse human resources, we seek to contribute to the creation of workplaces where each individual can achieve personal growth and experience job satisfaction.
Promoting Global Environmental Protection
Contributing to the creation of a sustainable society with sustainable consumption and corporate production practices
Expanding and Strengthening Governance
Ensuring ethical corporate activities through risk management and transparent, fair, quick, and resolute decision making
The Creation of Shared Value through the Promotion of Communication
Contributing to the creation of shared value with collaboration among all stakeholders
• Respect for human rights and diversity
• Human resource development
• Occupational health and safety
• Supply chain management that gives due
regard to human rights
• Reduction in CO2 emissions volume (energy usage volume) and water usage volume
• Developing and manufacturing high-quality and environmentally friendly products
• Supply chain management that lowers environmental burden
• Corporate governance
• Establishing compliance as a part of our mind-set • Promoting risk management
Anritsu Group
Put into place a safe and secure infrastructure which leads to the building of a sustainable society and encourages innovation
Test and Measurement Business
Put in place a robust network infrastructure that will provide safety and security in all areas and lead to building a sustainable society
PQA Business
Realize a society where everyone can live in safety and security by enhancing quality assurance for food and pharmaceutical products. Implement a sustainable society where food loss is kept to a minimum
   Challenges to meet the needs of society (ESG)
      • Providing information to and communicating with stakeholders
 Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 9
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 37
  ESG

ESG Highlights
Maintaining Harmony with the Global Socio-Economy
Anritsu conducts its business activities taking into consideration sustainability across the entire value chain and recognizes the impact on society as consequence of the development of its business globally, and is cognizant of maintaining harmony with the range of cultures and characteristics in the regions in which it operates. This responsibility encompasses “respect for human rights and diversity”, “human resource development”, and “occupational health and safety”. We seek to incorporate initiatives to build a work- place that provides individual growth and job satisfaction through the fostering of diverse human resourc- es, which are the source of corporate value. Moreover, we communicate the status of current initiatives in relation to such areas as human rights and the environment in supply chain management with our part- ner companies that support the manufacturing process at the Anritsu Group.
Respect for Human Rights and Diversity - Promoting Women’s Empowerment in the Workplace
The Domestic Anritsu Group is gradually increasing its ratio of female workers by focusing on gender equality in the hiring of human resources, regardless of if the individual is working in the technical or clerical fields. In April 2019 a female employee became the company’s first internally promoted executive officer, rising to the position of CTO. We also in the same year increased the number of women working in management positions by three.
In terms of career development, we have listened to the opinions and concerns of our female employees and man- agers and have worked to improve education and training programs as well as broaden the systems supporting the life-work balance of these women. We provide to all employees information on these programs, seeking to raise awareness so that all interested employees, male or female, can find support and peace of mind in balancing work with home responsibilities.
In fiscal 2018, the ratio of female workers was 15% in Japan, 31% in the Americas, 21% in the EMEA region, and
27% in Asia and other regions. The ratio of women work- ers on a global basis was 20%.
Ratio of Female Employees in Regular Full-Time Positions (Domestic Anritsu Group)
For additional information, please see the Anritsu Sustainability Report 2019.
 (Number of females)
(%)
(人)
(%)
  400
300
200
100
312
311
315
329
20
15
10
5
  295
     13
14
14
14
15
  00 ((F年Y度))20142015201620172018
Number of female emloyees (Left axis)
Ratio of female employees (Right axis)
  Human Resource Development - Global Training in the Measurement and PQA Businesses
Anritsu Corporation conducts a global training program in the measuring instruments business for about 100 participants invited from the Anritsu Group overseas businesses. The program involves sales engineers outside Japan measurement instruments businesses coming together to receive a broad range of training, including on new products, new features in existing products, market analysis, demonstration know-how, sales strategies, and product roadmaps.
In addition, Anritsu Infivis is inviting service engineers from regional distributors in Europe and Asia to the
company headquarters for a new product service training course. Given that service engineers are in closest contact with the company’s customers, they often receive requests from those customers and distributors regarding Anritsu products, so the program is particularly valuable as a forum for the exchange of
information that could be useful in the development of our products.
 38 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review Fact Sheet
 Occupational Health and Safety - Initiative to Realize Work-Style Reform
To prevent health problems from overwork, the Domestic Anritsu Group promotes measures based on the Group- wide management policy to ensure appropriate work hours. These measures include shortening overtime work, minimizing midnight shift work, and implementing “no overtime” days. In line with the Article 36 Agreement through March 2019 and the Labor Standards Act from April 1, 2019, the Company and the Anritsu Labor Union set and manage prescribed working hours for employees. We have abandoned the idea that the best performers work the longest hours, and are promoting measures aimed at shorter, more efficient meetings, and having employees start work at opening hours and leave by 7:00pm, including turning off the lights at that time. Anritsu is also advancing workstyle reforms with the goal of improving corporate value and bolstering the innovation that leaders to enhanced productivity.
ticked higher in response to initial 5G development de- mand in fiscal 2018, the absolute number of overtime hours per month was still lower than in fiscal 2015.
The average number of vacation days taken has re- mained above 16 since fiscal 2016.
Average Monthly Overtime Working Hours (Time) and Annual Paid Holiday Use (Days)
(Domestic Anristu Group)
(( H時o u間r s))
 24
18
12
21.5
15
16.3 16.9
2018
(( D日a y)s ) 20
15
10
5
0
  19.8
15.1
16.7 14.8
2017
 We launched workstyle reforms in fiscal 2016 with the 6 goal of correcting the trend toward long working hours
as well as maintaining and improving the health of our
employees, thereby improving productivity. Since then, 0(FY) (年度)
2014
2015
2016
15.8
15.8
16.2
       there has been a steady decline in overtime hours per
month compared to fiscal 2015. While overtime hours Average annual paid holiday use (Right axis)
Supply Chain Management – Supply Chain Due Diligence
With the goal of confirming the quality of CSR activities at our suppliers, we created the CSR Questionnaire, which focuses on items such as human rights, labor and health, fair trade and ethics, quality and safety, information security, and the environment.
We received responses to this questionnaire from 95 of our leading suppliers in fiscal 2018 and can report favorable results. Moreover, in order to assess actual conditions, we visited several of our supplier in China and confirmed that there were no significant risks.
We have posted our statement in regard to compliance with the U.K. Modern Slavery Act, a global compact to eradicate forced labor and trafficking in supply chains, each year on the Anritsu Corporation and Anritsu EMEA Ltd. websites.
Average monthly overtime working hours (Left axis)
  Anritsu Integrated Report 2019
39
  ESG

ESG Highlights
Promoting Global Environmental Protection
Protecting the global environment is an important theme in our efforts to solve the issue of climate change and realize sustainable production and consumption. In order to contribute to the sustainability of society and realize beneficial sustainable growth, Anritsu has been working to firmly instill environmental compli- ance related to our business activities and products, address climate change, create a recycling-oriented society, and prevent environmental pollution on a global basis and throughout our value chain.
Climate Change Strategies - Formulation of SBT
 Thanks to an improvement in the electric power CO2 conversion coefficient and a reduction in energy consumption, Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions at the Anritsu Group in fiscal 2018 were down 15.7% compared to fiscal 2015.
The Company submitted a commitment letter to the Science Based Targets (SBT) Initiative in March 2019 and is currently formulating its SBT. Anritsu’s efforts include plans for the utilization of renewable energy, with management focusing on the potential introduction of solar power generation equipment capable of producing total maximum output of several megawatts by fiscal 2030.
CO2 Emissions (Domestic and Overseas Anritsu Group)
Units:t-CO2
 16,000
12,000
8,000
4,000
15,065 15,109
単位:t-CO2
 14,279
12,797 12,736
        0
((年FY度)) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
  Development of Environmentally Friendly Products – Developing the MT8000A Radio Communication Test Station
The MT8000A Radio Communications Test Station is used to test 5G mobile terminals, chipsets, and other devices under development. One unit can effectively handle both RF measurement and protocol testing operations. Development was based on the concept of constructing a single unit with the processing capabilities equal to the multiple existing testers currently required for 5G NR (New Radio) measurements. The equipment was realized through the use of highly efficient power supply devices and low-power, highly integrated devices.
Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) devices consume more power the higher the temperature, even when
performing the same computation. The power consump- tion of FPGAs can therefore be controlled by efficiently dissipating heat by spreading out heat sources within the casing.
Compared to conventional products processing at the same levels, we decreased the model’s volume by 80% and mass by 74%, with power consumption reduced by a substantial 75%.
   Supporting the Kanagawa No Plastic Waste Declaration
Kanagawa Prefecture considers itself an “SDGs Future City” and in line with the SDG for creating a sustainable society, the prefectural government issued the Kanagawa No Plastic Waste Declaration, with the specific aim of working toward a solution for the issue of marine pollution, which is becoming increasingly severe, especially in regard to the problem of micro-plastics. Anritsu is not only a supporter of this activity, but also conducts clean-up activities in the areas around the
Atsugi site, works to prevent plastic pollution in rivers and the ocean through participation in Sagami River clean-up activities, and works to educate its employees through general environmental programs and the publication of magazines focusing on the issue of the environment.
 40 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review Fact Sheet
Expanding and Strengthening Governance
The Anritsu Group is deeply aware of its corporate social responsibility and conducts its business soundly and honestly in compliance with laws and corporate ethical standards in each of the countries in which it operates and in accordance with the expectations of society. Moreover, we aim to contribute to the creation of a sus- tainable society and the improvement of our corporate value by conducting our business in a fair and trans- parent manner, backed by rapid and decisive decision making and a focus on risk management.
Establishment of Compliance - Initiatives Related to Anti-Bribery and Corporation
 Corporate Governance
Please see our corporate governance section on pages 30–35 of this report.
 Developing its business on a global basis, the Anritsu Group is keenly aware that preventing bribery and other forms of corruption is the most important compliance issue. We have implemented a number of initiatives in this area in the past,
but moved in fiscal 2012 to establish the Anritsu Group Anti-Bribery Policy and entrench awareness of it throughout the Anritsu Group, including at overseas locations. Key initiatives undertaken by the company are as follows.
 Fiscal 2012
 Established the “Anritsu Group Anti-Bribery Policy” and gave full notice to Anritsu companies in Japan and overseas of the prohibition of bribery
 Fiscal 2013
 Prepared and gave educational support for global “Case Studies,” including anti-bribery
 Fiscal 2014
 Implemented global web-based training (WBT) on prohibition of bribery
 Fiscal 2015
 Continued WBT on anti-bribery. Prepared the “Anritsu Group Anti-Bribery and Corruption Rules”
 Fiscal 2016
 Launched implementation of “Anritsu Group Anti-Bribery and Corruption Rules”
 Fiscal 2017
 Launched efforts to address questions from various regions regarding the “Anritsu Group Anti-Bribery and Corruption Rules”
 Fiscal 2018
  Self-assessment in preventing bribery and corruption by country managers at overseas locations.
   The Creation of Shared Value through the Promotion of Communication
Anritsu actively engages in the disclosure of information and active dialogue with all of its stakeholders through- out the entirety of its business activities as it strives to build shared value and strengthen its partnerships.
Providing information to and communicating with stakeholders
 Anritsu seeks to obtain an appropriate assessment of its corporate value through communication with shareholders and investors while striving to achieve higher shareholder satisfaction by enhancing corporate value and delivering returns to shareholders. Comments by shareholders and investors are shared with our Management Strategic Conference and the Information Disclosure Committee,
ESG Index Inclusion
which includes members of management, and this is linked to improving information disclosure and business activities through feedback to the IR Promotion Committee; in which the departments for management planning, accounting, and legal affairs participate. We conducted 269 interviews in fiscal 2018 with domestic investors and 166 interviews with overseas investors.
Information disclosure and activities related to ESG are evaluated, with the company thereafter included in domes- tic and overseas ESG indexes.
For details, please visit the following page on our website: https://www.anritsu.com/en-US/about- anritsu/sustainability/evaluation
    Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 41
  ESG

11-Year Summary of Selected Financial/Nonfinan
ANRITSU CORPORATION AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES Years ended March 31, 2009-2019.
Japanese Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“J-GAAP”) R
 Financial information
For the year:
Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating Profit
Net income (loss)
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Free cash flow
Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures
R&D expense*1
At year-end:
Total assets
Net assets
Cash and cash equivalents Interest-bearing debt
Per share:
Net income (loss) Basic
Diluted
Cash dividends Total net assets
Key financial indicators:
Operating income margin (%)
Return on equity (%)*2
Anritsu Capital-cost Evaluation (millions of yen)*3 Return on assets (%)*4
Ratio of net assets to total assets (%)
Net debt-to-equity ratio (times)*5
Interest coverage ratio (times)*6
Dividend payout ratio (%)
Dividends on equity (%)*8
FY2008 FY2009
83,940 73,548 52,005 42,707 31,934 30,840 31,029 26,257
905 4,583 (3,540) 385
6,916 7,970 (1,326) (498) (3,847) 386 5,589 7,471
3,099 2,979
2,236 1,134 11,704 9,387
100,983 101,188 37,524 37,674 18,538 26,269 43,605 42,274
(27.78) 3.02 — 2.77
3.50 — 294.29 295.49
1.1 6.2 — 1.0
FY2010
77,853 43,033 34,819 27,825
6,994 3,069
9,229 (1,432) (6,049) 7,797
2,589 1,549 9,380
99,249 39,906 27,993 36,839
24.09 22.08
7.00 313.09
9.0
Millions of yen
FY2011
93,586 49,384 44,202 29,787 14,414 10,180
15,871 (1,963) (2,204)
13,908
2,555
3,165 10,012
113,069 54,863 39,596 30,336
Yen
79.39 71.01
15.00 399.56
15.4
21.5 9,194 9.6 48.5 — 30.7 18.9 4.2
       7.9 (4,936) (2,971) 1,908
— 0.4 37.1 37.2 0.67 0.43
9.8 12.7 — — 1.0 —
3.1 40.2 0.22 13.2 29.1 2.3
FY2008
Number of employees (figures in parentheses are the number of employees at overseas Group companies) 3,697 (1,391)
 Notes: 1. The Anritsu Group has adopted IFRS since FY2012 and prepared consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS.
2. With amendment of IAS 19, FY2012 actual figures have been restated based on the revised accounting policies retrospectively. 3. Amounts less than ¥1 million are rounded down.
   Non-financial information
FY2009
3,589 (1,315)
19% 64% 74% 33%
50%
0 11 0 10
0.00
—
8,543
124,243
25
FY2010
    Social:
Environmental:
Human resources
Occupational health and safety
Ratio of females in managerial positions globally*
Anritsu Corporation Number of employees taking childcare leave
Anritsu Corporation Number of employees returning to work after childcare leave
Ratio of labor accidents (per one million hours)
Japan 9% Americas 68% EMEA 97% Asia, other 37%
Global total 52%
Male 0 Female 14 Male 0 Female 12
3,614 (1,374)
12% 64% 64% 44%
48%
0 6 0
11
0.00
—
9,013
128,204
27
                CO2 emissions (Scope1, 2) (t-CO2)**
Energy usage (crude oil conversion basis) (kL)
Water usage (m3)
Global total
Global total
Global total
0.00
—
9,113
145,083
22
        Excellent eco-products Number of registered equipment (cumulative)
    * The ratio of females in managerial positions, with the number of males in managerial positions as 100 = (Females in managerial positions / total number of female employees) / (Men in managerial positions / Total male employees) ** Scope 2 Guidance uses the market-based method.
42 ANRITSU CORPORATION

   Fact Sheet
 FY2018
 99,659
48,807
50,852
27,944
11,246
11,362
8,991
12,247
(616)
(2,052)
11,631
4,031
2,436
12,008
130,467
85,678
45,097
16,248
 Yen
 65.20
65.16
22.00
622.87
 11.3
10.9
3,970
7.1
65.6
(0.34)
124.2
33.7
3.7
  FY2011 FY2012 FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017
   FY2018
 3,681 (1,475) 3,771 (1,577) 3,880 (1,674) 3,926 (1,714) 3,846 (1,602) 3,788 (1,539) 3,717 (1,466)
 3,778(1,530)
14% 8% 9% 9% 8% 8% 6%
59% 59%
60% 82%
54% 57%
59% 56% 74% 72% 78% 66%
64% 72% 66% 83% 105% 118% 63% 73% 73%
 6%
58%
112%
86%
  48% 45% 47% 44% 44% 47% 47%
 48%
0111203 9788358 0102202 4958742
 2
4
2
12
  0.00 0.00 0.00 0.76 0.64 0.21 0.00
0.00
 — 15,383 13,421 15,065 15,109 14,279 12,797
 12,736
 8,345 8,064 7,987 7,962 8,265 7,983 7,698
 7,774
 127,713 112,800 104,426 94,931 82,794 80,352 70,837
 72,777
 28 29 30 32 39 44 49
  49
    cial Data
Mid-term Business Plan GLP2014
Corporate Value Creation Business Review ESG
   International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) R
GLP2017
FY2016
87,638 45,168
42,469 27,198 4,234 3,628 2,734
9,246
(3,665)
(2,758) 5,581
3,935
2,588 11,212
125,054 76,485 39,682 22,026
19.65 19.65 15.00
556.40
4.8
3.5 (1,569) 2.2
61.1 (0.23) 68.4 76.3
2.7
GGLLPP22002200
   Financial information
For the year:
Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit
Profit (loss) before tax
Profit from continuing operations
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
897,829 439,703
458,126 251,748 101,315 102,360
81,000
110,333
(5,550)
(18,486) 104,784
36,315
21,946 108,180
1,175,378 771,874 406,279 146,378
U.S. dollars
0.59 0.59
5.61
35,766
       Net cash flows from operating activities Net cash flows from investing activities Net cash flows from financing activities
Free cash flow
(used in) (used in) (used in)
FY2011
93,622 44,397
49,225 23,065 14,000 13,094
7,972
16,143 (2,174)
(2,264) 13,968
2,469 3,200 9,842
111,287 46,818 39,596 30,113
62.17 56.33 15.00
341.43
15.0
19.5 5,163 7.5
42.1 — 20.8 24.1
4.9
FY2012
94,685 43,715
50,969 24,346 15,714 16,139 13,888
11,771
(5,030)
(10,035) 6,740
2,562
4,562 10,323
115,095 64,539 37,690 19,417
98.41 97.03 20.00
450.36
16.6
25.0 9,440 12.3
56.1 — 24.9 20.3
5.1
FY2013
101,853 46,897
54,955 28,621 14,123 14,239
9,318
13,792
(5,312)
(4,359) 8,480
2,863
5,355 12,488
127,149 74,896 43,215 18,858
64.93 64.89 20.00
522.54
13.9
13.3 4,759 7.7
58.9 (0.33) 54.2 30.8
4.1
FY2014
98,839 46,147
52,692 29,605 10,882 11,591
7,874
7,582 (6,049)
(11,234) 1,533
3,186
9,612 13,366
126,893 78,665 34,916 16,065
55.72 55.72 24.00
572.04
11.0
10.2 2,453 6.2
62.0 (0.24) 41.7 43.1
4.4
FY2015
95,532 46,557
48,974 29,621 5,897 5,434 3,767
10,195
(9,042)
2,450 1,153
3,736
5,399 13,089
124,624 75,862 37,391 22,024
27.38 27.38 24.00
552.26
6.2
4.9 (584) 3.0
60.8 (0.20) 52.0 87.7
4.3
FY2017
85,967 44,023
41,943 26,563 4,912 4,602 2,898
7,946
(3,932)
(8,201) 4,014
3,964
3,430 10,556
121,190 78,313 35,452 15,944
20.97 20.97 15.00
569.54
5.7
3.7 (1,610) 2.4
64.6 (0.25) 72.6 71.5
2.7
Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures
R&D expense*1
At year-end:
Total assets
Total equity
Cash and cash equivalents Interest-bearing debt
Earnings per share:
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Cash dividends
Equity attributable to owners of parent
Key financial indicators:
Operating profit margin (%)
Return on equity (%)*2
Anritsu Capital-cost Evaluation (millions of yen)*3 Return on assets (%)*4
Equity attributable to owners of parent
to total assets ratio (%)
Net debt-to-equity ratio (times)*5 Interest coverage ratio (times)*6 Dividend payout ratio (%)
Ratio of total amount of dividends to equity attributable to owners of parent (%)*7
           *1 R&D expense for FY2011 (IFRS) to FY2018 lists the amount invested in research and development, including partially capitalized development expenses. Accordingly, it is not the same as R&D expense listed on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income.
*2 Return on equity: Profit attributable to owners of parent / Equity attributable to owners of parent (IFRS); Net income / Shareholders’ equity (J-GAAP)
*3 Anritsu Capital-cost Evaluation: Net operating Profit after tax - Invested capital cost (IFRS: Net operating profit after tax - Invested capital cost)
*4 Return on assets: Profit from continuing operations / Total assets (IFRS); Net income / Total assets (J-GAAP)
*5 Net debt-to-equity ratio: (Interest-bearing debt – Cash and cash equivalents) / Equity attributable to owners of parent (IFRS); (Interest-bearing debt – Cash and cash equivalents) / Shareholders’ equity (J-GAAP) *6 Interest coverage ratio: Cash flows from operating activities / Interest expense
*7 Ratio of total amount of dividends to equity attributable to owners of parent: Total cash dividends / Net assets (IFRS: Total cash dividends / Total equity)
*8 Dividend on equity ratio (DOE): Total cash dividends / Total Equity
* The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥111.00 to U.S. $1.00, the approximate exchange rate on March 31, 2019.
 Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 43

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The Anritsu Group has adopted IFRS since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 and prepared consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS in fiscal 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019.
The Scope of Consolidation
The Anritsu Group comprised 43 consolidated subsidiaries and one affiliate at the end of the fiscal year.
Overview
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the global economy showed continued gradual expansion, primarily in the advanced countries. The Japanese economy continued to recover, driven by strong corporate profits and improve- ment in the employment environment. However, uncertain- ties increased due to confrontations of US-China trade friction and trade protectionism.
In the field of information and communication, mobile broadband services are growing both in terms of quality and quantity, and the volume of mobile data transmission is increasing rapidly, which is compelling the network infra- structure. In order to solve these issues, 4G mobile commu- nications systems are evolving continually to become LTE (Long-Term Evolution) and LTE-Advanced, and then LTE- Advanced Pro (Gigabit LTE). In addition, specification devel- opment of the next-generation 5G communications system is proceeding in 3GPP. The standardization of 5G NSA-NR (Non-Standalone New Radio) finished in December 2017 and the one of 5G SA-NR (Standalone New Radio) finished in June 2018. All specifications have been set for the 5G main functions that are related to ultrahigh speed commu- nication. Furthermore, in 3GPP, specification development of ultralow latency communications and multiple simulta- neous connections for expansion of use case is under con- sideration and the standardization will be expected to be finished in early 2020. As a result, major carriers worldwide have created a concrete roadmap for 5G commercialization and the commercialization schedule is progressing steadily. Precursory 5G services using mobile routers were launched in North America and South Korea in December 2018. Furthermore, 5G smartphone services were launched from April 2019. Major device vendors in America and Asia developed devices that are used in 5G smartphone services and announced them at MWC (Mobile World Congress) 2019.
Amid such environment, the Measurement Business Group has focused on solution development for the 5G investment demand as well as organizational infrastructure. Consequently, this group acquired initial development demand for 5G chipsets and devices.
In the field of PQA (Product Quality Assurance), automa- tion investment for processed food production lines is underway, and demand is growing steadily for contaminant inspection using X-rays and quality guarantee for packag- ing. Amid this environment, the PQA Group has worked to reinforce the competitiveness of its solutions focused on X-rays, as well as enhance and expand its global sales struc- ture.
Revenue
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, in the Test and Measurement segment, initial development demand for 5G chipsets and mobile devices exceeded expectations, primarily in the mobile market in North America and Asia. Furthermore, internal demand in the U.S. was strong in the network and infrastructure market. Consequently, revenue and profit in the Test and Measurement segment increased compared with the previous fiscal year. In the Products Quality Assurance segment, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, led by the heightened focus on food and pharmaceutical product safety and security, as well as against a backdrop of accelerating trends for automation due to the labor shortage, we have been steadily continu- ing capital investment with the aim of automating and strengthening quality assurance processes in the food prod- uct market both in Japan and overseas. Also, investment was made to strengthen sales capabilities in overseas mar- kets. As a result, revenue and profit in the Products Quality Assurance (PQA) segment increased.
As a result, orders increased 13.9% compared with the previous fiscal year to ¥100,819 million, and revenue increased 15.9% compared with the previous fiscal year to ¥99,659 million. Operating profit increased 128.9% com- pared with the previous fiscal year to ¥11,246 million, prof- it before tax increased 146.9% compared with the previous fiscal year to ¥11,362 million. Profit increased 210.2%
44 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review
ESG
compared with the previous fiscal year to ¥8,991 million, and profit attributable to owners of parent increased 210.9% compared with the previous fiscal year to ¥8,956 million.
Revenue by Region and Overseas Revenue Ratio
(Millions of yen) (%) 120,000 80
90,000 60
Operating Profit and Operating Profit Margin
(Millions of yen) (%) 16,000 20
12,000 15 8,000 10
5 L Operating Profit (Left scale)
P Operating Profit Ratio (Right scale)
    60,000 30,000
40 L Japan
L Americas
L EMEA
20 L Asia and Others
(Left scale)
P Overseas Revenue Ratio (Right scale)
4,000 00
FY 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Profit before Tax and Profit
00 FY 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Cost of Sales and Gross Profit
Operating profit increased 128.9% compared with the pre- vious fiscal year, to ¥11,246 million, and profit before tax increased 146.9% compared with the previous fiscal year, to ¥11,362 million. Profit increased 210.2% compared with the previous fiscal year, to ¥8,991 million, and profit attrib- utable to owners of the parent rose ¥6.075 billion, to ¥8,956 million. Comprehensive income for the period rose ¥5,527 million, to ¥9,381 million.
Also, due to revision of income tax payables related to the uncertainty of income taxes, income tax expense of our US subsidiaries decreased by approximately ¥500 million. As a result, income tax expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 increased 39.2% compared with the same period of the previous fiscal year to ¥2,371 million.
 Cost of sales increased ¥4.783 million, or 10.9%, to ¥48,807 million. Cost of sales as a percentage of total reve- nue was 49.0%, down 2.2 percentage point compared with the previous fiscal year. Gross profit increased ¥8.908 million, or 21.2%, to ¥50,852 million. The gross margin amounted to 51.0%.
Selling, General and Administrative (SG&A) Expenses and Operating Profit
SG&A expenses increased 5.2% over the previous fiscal year, to ¥27,944 million. Research and development (R&D) expenses increased 15.4%, to ¥11,715 million and amounted to 11.8% of consolidated total revenue. As a result of the above factors, operating profit increased 128.9%, or ¥6,334 million, to ¥11,246 million. The operat- ing profit ratio was 11.3%.
Cost of Sales, Expenses, and Profit as a Percentage of Revenue
Year ended March 31
FY2018 FY2017
%
FY2016
100.0 51.5 51.3 31.0 12.4 3.1
    SG&A Expenses
Year ended March 31
Personnel expenses
Travel and transportation expenses
Advertising expenses
Depreciation and amortization expenses
Others 5,406
Cost of sales
Gross profit
SG&A expenses
R&D expenses
Profit 9.0 3.4
Revenue 100.0 100.0
49.0 51.2 51.0 48.8 28.0 30.9 11.8 11.8
   Millions of yen
YoY (%)
  FY2018
FY2017
   ¥18,266 1,563 1,305 1,403
¥17,423 4.8
1,599
1,211 7.8 1,276 9.9 5,053 7.0
(2.3)
 Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 45
  Fact Sheet

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Shareholder Return Policies
Dividend Policy
The Company’s basic policy for returning profits to its shareholders is to distribute profits in accordance with its consolidated performance and take into account the total return ratio. With regard to dividends, while taking the basic approach of raising dividends on equity in accordance with the increase in consolidated profits for the fiscal year, the Company aims at a consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30% or more. The Company’s basic policy is to make distributions of dividends, twice a year, consisting of a fiscal year-end dividend and an interim dividend by resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders and by approval of the Board of Directors. The Company intends to appropri- ately carry out the purchase of treasury stock as necessary, by taking into account its financial situation, the trends in stock prices, and other factors, in an effort to execute capi- tal policies that respond flexibly to changes in the corporate environment. The Company’s basic policy is to apply retained earnings to research and development and capital investment in order to respond to rapid technological advances and changes in the market structure.
Cash Dividends per Share
Anritsu plans to pay a year-end dividend of ¥13.5 per share as initially scheduled, and total dividends for the fiscal year will be ¥22.0 per share for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, Anritsu plans to pay dividends of ¥22 per share, including an interim divi- dend of ¥11 per share.
Business Segments
The Anritsu Group classifies operations into the segments of Test and Measurement, Products Quality Assurance, and Others. In order to evaluate each business segment more appropriately, the headquarter administrative expenses por- tion of general and administrative expenses for each busi- ness segment has been shifted to be included in company-wide expenses starting from the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2019. These expenses from the previous fiscal year have been restated.
Test and Measurement
This segment develops, manufactures and sells measuring instruments and systems for a variety of communications applications, and service assurance, to telecom operators, manufacturers of related equipment, and maintenance and installation companies around the world.
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, initial development demand for 5G chipsets and mobile devices exceeded expectations, primarily in the mobile market in North America and Asia. Furthermore, internal demand in the U.S. was strong in the network and infrastructure mar- ket. Consequently, segment revenue increased 25.2% com- pared with the previous fiscal year to ¥68,168 million, operating profit increased 338.3% to ¥9,413 million and adjusted operating profit* increased 274.5% to ¥9,413 million.
* Adjusted operating profit is Anritsu’s original profit indicator to measure results of its recurring business by excluding profit and loss items with a transient nature from operat- ing profit.
The Test and Measurement business, which accounts for 68% of the Anritsu Group’s revenue, is divided into the fol- lowing 3 sub-segments.
1. Mobile
The Mobile sub-segment includes measuring instruments for mobile phone acceptance testing by mobile phone ser- vice operators, and for design, production, function and performance verification, and maintenance of mobile phone handsets by manufacturers of mobile phones includ- ing smartphones, IC chipsets and relevant components.
Demand in this sub-segment tends to be influenced by factors including the technological innovations in mobile phone services, market penetration, number of new sub- scribers as well as new entries in and withdrawals from the market by mobile phone and chipset manufacturers, and the number of model changes and shipments of mobile phones and chipsets.
46 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review
ESG
Currently, a variety of mobile broadband services offered through mobile phones that support LTE are deployed in various countries around the world. Leading mobile phone and chipset manufacturers and telecom operators have continued to develop their services from LTE-Advanced to LTE-Advanced Pro with the aim of providing more sophisti- cated high-quality services. However, the growth rate of the total shipment of smartphones has reached a saturated level in the market, and as a result, investment continued to be restrained in the mobile phone-related market.
On the other hand, for next-generation 5G communications systems that continue with LTE, in December 2017, the specifications for NSA-NR were formu- lated and this was followed by specifications for SA-NR in June 2018, which concluded the first phase of standardiza- tion. In line with this, the development roadmap outlining full-fledged introduction of 5G in 2020 is now underway, and there is now real demand for 5G measurement. In addition, in the IoT field, which has high potential for 5G use cases, and the automated driving and in-vehicle tele- com field in the automobile industry, the development of mobile communications technology to realize new services is also actualizing as a business opportunity.
Anritsu will continue to develop and launch competitive leading-edge measuring solutions, as well as accurately conduct development portfolio management, to strengthen the revenue base.
2. Network Infrastructure
The Network Infrastructure sub-segment includes network construction maintenance, monitoring and service quality assurance solutions for wireline and wireless service provid- ers, and solutions for communications equipment manufac- turers in areas including design, production, and testing.
In this sub-segment, data traffic is expanding rapidly due to sophisticated cloud computing services and the spread of mobile broadband services. Therefore, telecom operators and equipment manufacturers that are pursuing higher- speed networks are concentrating on the promotion of 100Gbps services and research and development in 400Gbps network equipment. Moreover, in order to
improve mobile phone connectivity, progress is being made towards the efficient densification of base station networks by integrating wired and wireless network technologies. Along with the change in market trends, demand is growing for measuring solutions that optimize wireline and wireless technology depending on the intended use. Furthermore, mainly owing to the increase in data centers supporting cloud services, the market for high-speed data communica- tions equipment is expanding. Along with this, research and development and the manufacturing markets for high- speed optical communications modules are growing, and their competition has become intense.
Anritsu is working to expand business by providing com- prehensive solutions from constructing and monitoring communications infrastructure to ensuring service quality in addition to research and development solutions for tele- communications equipment.
3. Electronics
The Electronics sub-segment includes measuring instru- ments widely used in the electronics industry, particularly for design, production and evaluation of electronic devices used in telecommunications network-related communica- tions equipment and other electronic equipment.
Demand in this sub-segment tends to be impacted by the scale of production of electronic components and products used in telecommunications equipment, intelligent home appliances and automobiles.
The expansion of IoT service using mobile broadband ser- vices and LPWA (Low Power Wide Area) devices is driving growth in demand for measuring solutions for develop- ment and manufacturing of wireless modules for a broad array of applications. Furthermore, various wireless systems have been digitalized for effective use of frequency resourc- es. Demand for measuring solutions for manufacturing and maintenance of new systems is also steadily growing.
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 47
  Fact Sheet

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Anritsu will work to further expand the business in this sub-segment by offering a wider range of solutions for the electronics market.
Products Quality Assurance
The Products Quality Assurance business accounts for 23% of Anritsu Group’s revenue. Since more than 80% of seg- ment revenue comes from food manufacturers, this seg- ment is substantially influenced by a heightened consciousness on food safety and security and changes in consumer spending which extend to the results for food manufacturers’ business.
Core products include highly precise checkweighers for high-speed food processing lines, as well as X -ray and other inspection systems that detect and remove metal fragments, stones, and other alien materials in the food processing process with high precision. In the Japanese market, capital investment for automation to reduce labor in food production lines has steadily increased, against a backdrop of the customer concerns regarding contamina- tion and rising needs for automation due to the labor shortage. In particular, there is a strong demand for general quality control software solutions for food and pharmaceu- tical product manufacturing lines that can be used to moni- tor operating conditions, collect and analyze information in relation to quality, improve yield, and enhance quality man- agement.
In the overseas markets, progress was made toward culti- vating loyal customers’ needs, and customers that are oper- ating their businesses globally in regions such as the Americas, Europe, and China. The overseas sales ratio of this business is roughly 44%.
Demand for quality control inspection solutions is expect- ed to remain firm in every region of the world, as interest among food manufacturers remains high. To meet this demand, Anritsu will develop and deliver new products and quality assurance solutions, and will optimize its supply chain including overseas production in order to expand the business and increase profitability.
As a result, segment revenue increased 2.3% compared with the previous fiscal year to ¥23,074 million and operat- ing profit decreased 18.3% compared with the previous fis- cal year to ¥1,609 million.
Others
This segment comprises Information and Communications, Devices, Logistics, Welfare services, Real estate leasing, and other businesses.
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the Device business performance was sluggish due to intense price competition. As a result, segment revenue decreased 6.3% compared with the previous fiscal year to ¥8,416 million, and operating profit decreased 21.5% compared with the previous fiscal year to ¥1,145 million.
Revenue by Business Segment
(Millions of yen) 120,000
90,000 60,000 30,000
0
FY 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
L Test and Measurement L PQA
L Others
      48 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review
ESG
Liquidity and Financial Condition
Fund Procurement and Liquidity Management
The Anritsu Group’s funding requirements are mainly for working capital to purchase materials and cover expenses incurred in the manufacturing, sales, and marketing of products; for capital investments; and for research and development expenses. The Group secures sufficient fund- ing to cover these requirements from retained earnings, bank borrowings, and capital market funding. To ensure stability in funding, the Anritsu Group arranged for a com- mitment line of ¥7.5 billion in March 2017, which is effec- tive through March 2020. Looking forward, while preparing for unforeseen financial risks, both domestic and overseas, in a dramatically changing market environment, the Anritsu Group will swiftly and flexibly meet its capital requirements for working capital, regular repayment of long-term bor- rowings, and business growth.
As of March 31, 2019, the balance of interest-bearing debt (excluding lease payables) was ¥16,248 million (com- pared with ¥15,944 million at the end of the previous fiscal year), and the debt-to-equity ratio was 0.19 (compared with 0.20 at the end of the previous fiscal year). And the net debt-to-equity ratio was a negative 0.34 (compared with a negative 0.25 at the end of the previous fiscal year). In addition, the average turnover ratio on the end-of-period balance of inventories to revenue was 5.4 times.
The Company will utilize increased cash flow generated by improvements in ACE (achievement of net operating profit after tax less an adjustment for the cost of capital) and CCC as well as enhanced capital efficiency resulting from measures including an internal group cash manage- ment system to make further reductions in interest-bearing debt, improve the debt-to-equity ratio, enhancing share-
holders’ equity, and fortify its financial structure. At the end of March 2019, Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I) rated Anritsu’s short-term debt a-1 and its long-term debt A-. Anritsu will continue working to enhance its finan- cial stability in order to improve its debt rating.
Notes: 1. ACE (Anritsu Capital-cost Evaluation): Net operating profit after tax – Cost of capital (5%)
2. Debt-to-equity ratio: Interest-bearing debt / Equity attributable to owners of parent
3. Net debt-to-equity ratio: (Interest-bearing debt – Cash and cash equivalents) / Equity attributable to owners of parent
4. CCC: Cash Conversion Cycle
Cash Flow
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, cash and cash equivalents (hereafter, “net cash”) increased ¥9,644 million compared with the end of the previous fiscal year, to ¥45,097 million.
Free cash flow, the sum of cash flows from operating activities and cash flows from investing activities, was a positive ¥11,631 million (compared with a positive ¥4,014 million in the previous fiscal year).
Conditions and factors for each category of cash flow for the fiscal year were as follows.
• Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities was ¥12,247 mil- lion (in the previous fiscal year, operating activities provided net cash of ¥7,946 million). The cash increase was due to reporting of profit before tax and recording depreciation and amortization expense; on the other hand, the cash decrease was mainly due to an increase in trade and other receivables. Depreciation and amortization expense was ¥4,386 million, an increase of ¥101 million compared with the previous fiscal year.
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 49
  Fact Sheet

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
• Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities was ¥616 million (in the previous fiscal year, investing activities used net cash of ¥3,932 million). The cash decrease was mainly due to acquisition of property, plant and equipment, and on the other hand, the cash increase was due to proceeds from sale of other financial assets.
• Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities was ¥2,052 million (in the previous fiscal year, financing activities used net cash of ¥8,201 million). The primary reason was payment of cash dividends totaling ¥2,198 million (in the previous fiscal year, payment of cash dividends was ¥2,059 million).
Assets, Liabilities, and Equity
Assets, liabilities, and equity as of March 31, 2019 were as follows. Assets increased ¥9,277 million compared with the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥130,467 million. This was mainly due to an increase of cash and cash equiva- lents, as well as trade and other receivables, while property, plant and equipment, as well as other financial assets decreased. Total liabilities increased ¥1,912 million com- pared with the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥44,789 million. This was mainly due to an increase of employee benefits, while trade and other payables decreased. Equity increased ¥7,364 million compared with the end of the pre- vious fiscal year to ¥85,678 million. This was mainly due to increase of retained earnings. As a result, the equity attrib- utable to owners of parent to total assets ratio was 65.6%, compared with 64.6% at the end of the previous fiscal year.
Total Assets and ROA
(Millions of yen) (%) 150,000 15
100,000 10
50,000 5
0 0 FY 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Interest Coverage Ratio
(Times) 150
100
50
0
FY 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Total Equity and ROE
(Millions of yen) (%) 90,000 20
L Total Assets (Left scale)
P ROA
(Right scale)
            60,000
30,000
15
10
5 L Total Equity (Left scale)
00 FY 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
P ROE
(Right scale)
 50 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review ESG
Capital Expenditures
To achieve sustainable growth and profit increases in the future, the Anritsu Group is making strategic investments, such as new-product development focused on product areas where long-term growth is expected and systems-re- lated investments are aimed at labor saving and streamlin- ing of operations.
In the Test and Measurement business, we invested in new product development in order to handle rapid techno- logical innovation and sales competition and also conduct- ed investments to reduce costs.
In the Products Quality Assurance business, we primarily invested with the aim of enhancing appropriate global information systems and developing, manufacturing and maintaining processes.
In other business, we made capital investments, mainly in the device business, aimed at increasing production capaci- ty and improving product quality.
The breakdown of investments is shown in the following table. (Figures for tangible fixed assets and intangible assets are on a received basis. Figures exclude development costs of intangible assets. Figures do not include consumption taxes, etc.).
Capital Expenditures
(Millions of yen) 10,000
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
FY 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Research and Development
The Anritsu Group conducts R&D related to the develop- ment of “Original & High Level” products and services in its R&D centers in Japan, the Americas, and Europe, with the aim of contributing to the realization of global societies that are “safe, secure, and prosperous.”
In the Test and Measurement segment, Anritsu Corporation, Anritsu Company (United States), Azimuth Systems, Inc. (United States), Anritsu Ltd. (United Kingdom), and Anritsu A/S (Denmark) are working together to further realize synergies among their technologies through supplementing and complementing each other’s technological strengths.
The Products Quality Assurance segment is conducting R&D within Anritsu Infivis Co., Ltd.
   Overview of Capital Expenditures
    FY2018
Subtotal 2,097
Others 339
Total 2,436
Millions of yen
FY2017
YoY (%)
Year ended March 31
Test and Measurement
PQA 505
  ¥1,591
¥2,724 58.4 382 132.4
3,107 67.5
323 104.9
¥3,430 71.0
    Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 51
  Fact Sheet

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Accompanying the application of the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the Anritsu Group capitalized certain of its development investments and pre- sented these amounts among intangible assets. The break- down of R&D investments during the fiscal year, including those presented in intangible assets, is shown below.
Research and Development
       Year ended March 31
Test and Measurement
Millions of yen
FY2018
% of revenue
13.3
9.4
Millions of yen FY2017
¥ 7,609
2,283 471 191
¥10,556
% of revenue
14.0
10.1 5.2 —
12.3
    ¥ 9,086 PQA 2,174
Others 526
Basic Research 220 —
Total ¥12,008 12.0
6.3
  Principal results of R&D programs in each business segment are as follows.
 Business Segment
  Model
  Product
  Application
  Contribution
   Test and Measurement
    MT8000A
 Radio Communication Test Station
With a 5G base station emulation function, a single MT8000A test platform supports both the sub-6 GHz, including band n41, and the millimeter wave bands used by 5G. Combining it with the OTA Chamber enables both millime- ter wave band RF measurements and beam- forming tests using call connections specified by 3GPP.
  • All-in-One Support for RF Measurements and Protocol Tests in Sub-6 GHz and Millimeter Wave Bands
• Supports mm-wave band RF measure- ments and beam forming tests com- bined use with the RF chamber.
• Is a Flexible Platform using Modular Architecture
• Supports Existing LTE Test Environment
 ME7834NR
   New products 5G NR Mobile Device Test Platform
  The ME7834NR is the test platform for 3GPP based Protocol Conformance Tests (PCT) and Carrier Acceptance Testing (CAT) of mobile devices incorporating Multiple Radio Access Technologies (RAT). The ME7834NR supports 5G New Radio (NR) Technology in both Standalone and Non-Standalone mode, in addi- tion to LTE, LTE-Advanced (LTE-A), LTE-A Pro, and W-CDMA.
  • All-in-One 5G NR Support for Protocol Conformance Tests and Carrier Acceptance Test
• Supports 3GPP defined bands from Sub-6GHz to mm-Wave
• Upgrades your current ME7834 system for 5G
  ME7873NR
 New products New Radio RF Conformance Test System
The New Radio RF Conformance Test System ME7873NR is an automated system for 3GPP TS38.521/TS38.533-defined 5G NR RF/RRM tests. It supports both planned 5G NR Standalone (SA) and Non-Standalone (NSA) modes, while combination with Anritsu’s 5G over-the-air (OTA) chamber (CATR) covers all 5G frequency bands, including not only Sub-6 GHz but also mmWave.
  • GCF/PTCRB-approved 5G NR test cases
• Meets 3GPP standards
• Is an upgrade from ME7873LA for LTE systems (sub-6 GHz)
• Covers different regional frequency bands
• Provides easy sequence creation and editing
• Emphasizes test system measurement stability
 MS2090A
   New products Field Master Pro
  Anritsu’s Field Master Pro MS2090A real time spectrum analyzer delivers performance never previously available in a compact, handheld instrument. With continuous frequency cover- age from 9 kHz to 54 GHz, the Field Master Pro MS2090A is specifically designed to meet the test challenges of a full range of other wireless technologies in use today, including: 5G, wire- less backhaul, aerospace/defense, satellite sys- tems, and radar.
  • 9 kHz to 9/14/20/26.5/32/43.5/54 GHz
• DANL: -164 dBm (with preamp)
• TOI: +20 dBm (typical)
• Analysis bandwidth: 100 MHz
• Amp range: DANL to +30 dBm
• Phase noise at 1 GHz: -110 dBc/Hz @ 100 kHz offset (typical)
• Demodulation: 5GNR, RF, and modulation quality plus SSB signal analysis
 52 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review
ESG
Management Objectives and Indicators
To attain its management vision of “continuous growth with sustainable superior profits,” the Anritsu Group had prepared its 2020 VISION, which has a time horizon of 10 years, and established a medium-term milestone plan enti- tled the Mid-term Business Plan GLP2020 (a three-year plan that ended in FY2020), which is based on the 2020 VISION.
In order to implement GLP2020 without fail, the Anritsu Group is working to (1) reliably acquire growth drivers, (2) create a strong profit-generating platform, and (3) build pil- lars to support the next-generation business.
Outlook and Management Issues for the Year Ending March 31, 2020
Although the global economy has been on a recovery trend, there is emerging uncertainty regarding factors such as the U.K.’s withdrawal from the EU, increased trade fric- tion between the U.S. and China, and the rise of trade pro- tectionism.
In the field of information and communication, precurso- ry 5G services have been launched in North America and South Korea in December 2018, and 5G smartphones would be launched in 2019. Going forward, preparations for the full-fledged commercialization of 5G are expected to accelerate around the world, including Japan.
In the Test and Measurement segment, while device development demand for the full-fledged commercializa- tion of 5G grew, LTE-Advanced demand will continue to fall. As a result revenue is expected to increase slightly com- pared with the previous fiscal year. With regard to operat- ing profits, decreased profit is expected due to aggressive investment in strategic R&D to strengthen 5G competitive- ness. In the network infrastructure market, in order to acquire the network reshaping market which is expanding due to the explosive increase in demand for data traffic and data centers as a result of the expansion of services, we will reinforce our competitiveness.
For the Products Quality Assurance segment, revenue is expected to increase both in the Japanese and overseas markets. Operating profit is also expected to increase com- pared with the previous fiscal year.
The Anritsu Group aims to establish a position as a lead- ing company in the 5G development market through the timely provision of solutions that accurately match the com- mercialization plans of operators in various countries.
    Year ended March 31
Revenue Operating profit Profit
ACE
ROE (%)
FY2017 (Actual)
Billions of yen
FY2018 FY2019 (Actual) (Forecast)
 86.0 99.7 102.0 4.9 11.2 10.0 2.9 9.0 7.5
(1.6) 4.0 2.5 3.7 10.9 8
 Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 53
  Fact Sheet

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Risk Information
1. Inherent Risks in the Anritsu Group’s Technology and Marketing Strategies
The Anritsu Group works to deploy its well-developed tech- nological capabilities to promptly provide cutting-edge products and services that offer value to customers. However, the rapid pace of technological innovation in the Anritsu Group’s core information and communication mar- kets and the Anritsu Group’s ability to deliver products and services in a timely manner to meet the needs and wants of customers are factors that have the potential to exert a material impact on the Anritsu Group’s financial condition and operating results.
2. Market Fluctuation Risk
External factors including changes in the economy or mar- ket conditions and technological innovation affect the prof- itability of product lines the Group develops and have the potential to exert a significant material impact on the Anritsu Group’s financial condition and operating results.
Because a high percentage of the Test and Measurement segment revenue comes from the telecommunications mar- ket, capital investment trends among telecom operators, telecommunications equipment manufacturers and elec- tronic component manufacturers have the potential to exert an effect on business results. Telecom operators make a cost-effective capital investment in order to adopt tech- nologies to handle rapid increases in data traffic, and to build networks that meets the various needs of IoT service and cloud service. Moreover, business results for the mobile communications measuring instrument field, the corner- stone of earnings for the Anritsu Group, are affected by changes in technological innovation in mobile phone ser- vices, the number of subscribers, and the replacement ratio for smartphones.
In the Products Quality Assurance business, sales to food manufacturers constitute more than 80% of revenue. Operating results and capital investment of food manufac- turers may influence the performance of Products Quality Assurance business potentially.
3. Global Business Development Risks
The Anritsu Group markets its products globally, and con- ducts business in the Americas, Europe, Asia, and else- where. In particular, the overseas sales ratio including both the Test and Measurement business and the Products Quality Assurance business is 68%, and many customers likewise operate on a global scale. As a result, economic trends in countries worldwide, changes in international conditions, compliance with required laws and regulations, and progress in the Anritsu Group’s global strategy have a potential to exert a material impact on the Group’s financial position and results of operations. In addition, global-scale mergers, acquisitions, and realignments in the telecommu- nications industry are changing the competitive landscape. Significant changes in capital investment trends that result have the potential to exert a material impact on the Anritsu Group’s financial condition and operating results.
4. Foreign Exchange Risk
The Anritsu Group’s sales outside Japan account for 68% of consolidated revenue. The Anritsu Group hedges foreign exchange risk using instruments including forward foreign exchange contracts for foreign exchange transactions that occur upon collection of accounts receivable and other events. However, rapid changes in foreign exchange rates have the potential to exert a material impact on the Anritsu Group’s financial condition and operating results.
5. Long-Term Inventory Obsolescence Risk
The Anritsu Group works to provide products and services that precisely meet customer needs and wants. However, particularly in the test and measuring instruments market, product lines are subject to rapid change in technology, which can easily result in obsolescence of products and parts, and cause inventory held for long periods to lose its value. These factors have the potential to exert a material impact on the Anritsu Group’s financial condition and oper- ating results.
54 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review ESG
6. Risk Related to Deferred Tax Assets
The Anritsu Group applies deferred tax accounting and rec- ognizes deferred tax assets. Calculation of deferred tax assets is based on projections that include estimates of future taxable profit, and the actual benefit may differ from the projection. If the tax benefits based on the estimate of future taxable profit are judged to be unavailable, these deferred tax assets are written down, which has the poten- tial to exert a material impact on the Anritsu Group’s finan- cial condition and operating results.
7. Risk related to Defined-Benefit Pension Plan
The amounts of retirement benefit payments and obliga- tions incurred in connection with employee defined-benefit pension plans of the parent company and certain of its sub- sidiaries are calculated based on assumptions, including dis- count rates, made for actuarial calculations. If the discount rates and other assumptions, which were made for the actuarial calculations of the expected amount of obligations under these defined-benefit pension plans undergo change, this has the potential to exert a material impact on the Anritsu Group’s financial condition and operating results.
8. Risk of Natural Disasters and Other Unexpected Events
The Anritsu Group operates production and sales activities globally. Consequently, the occurrence of major earth- quakes or other natural disasters, fires, wars, acts of terror- ism or violence could exert a material impact on the Anritsu Group’s financial condition and operating results by disrupt- ing the business activities of the Anritsu Group or its suppli- ers and customers due to damage to key facilities, or by causing political or economic instability.
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 55
  Fact Sheet

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
March 31, 2018 and 2019
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents (Notes 8 and 36) Trade and other receivables (Notes 9 and 36) Other financial assets (Notes 11 and 36) Inventories (Note 10)
Income tax receivables Other assets
Total current assets
Non-current assets:
Property, plant and equipment (Note 12) Goodwill and intangible assets (Note 13) Investment property (Note 14)
Trade and other receivables (Notes 9 and 36) Other financial assets (Notes 11 and 36) Deferred tax assets (Note 16)
Other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
Liabilities and Equity Liabilities
Current liabilities:
Trade and other payables (Notes 17 and 36) Bonds and borrowings (Notes 18 and 36) Other financial liabilities (Notes 19, 20, and 36) Income tax payables
Employee benefits (Note 21) Provisions (Note 22)
Other liabilities (Note 23 and 26)
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities:
Trade and other payables (Notes 17 and 36) Bonds and borrowings (Notes 18 and 36) Other financial liabilities (Notes 19, 20, and 36) Employee benefits (Note 21)
Provisions (Note 22)
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 16) Other liabilities (Note 23 and 26)
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
Equity:
Common stock (Note 24)
Additional paid-in capital (Note 24) Retained earnings (Note 24)
Treasury stock (Note 24)
Other components of equity (Note 24)
Total equity attributable to owners of parent Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
Millions of yen
End of FY2017 End of FY2018 as of as of March 31, 2018 March 31, 2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars*
End of FY2018 as of March 31, 2019
             ¥
35,452 ¥ 45,097 21,474 25,055 1,164 537 18,236 18,585 128 343 3,120 3,375
79,576 92,994
25,947 24,221 3,993 3,586 1,463 830
326 305 2,747 1,670 7,125 6,814
9 45
41,613 37,473
$
406,279 225,721 4,838 167,432 3,090 30,405 837,784
218,207 32,306 7,477 2,748 15,045 61,387 405 337,595 1,175,378
68,459 47,477 631 27,505 61,523 3,820 63,090 272,532
3,919 98,901 1,117 9,910 1,000 1,775 14,324 130,973 403,505
172,189 254,117 301,279
            121,190 130,467
7,998 7,599 4,467 5,270 73 70 2,352 3,053 5,254 6,829 323 424 6,333 7,003
26,803 30,251
500 435 11,477 10,978 153 124 2,247 1,100 108 111 185 197 1,400 1,590
16,073 14,538
42,876 44,789
19,064 19,113 28,137 28,207 26,254 33,442
(987) (1,133) 5,761 5,930 78,230 85,560 83 117
78,313 85,678
¥121,190 ¥130,467
(10,207) 53,423 770,811 1,054 771,874 $1,175,378
                           * The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥111.00 to U.S. $1.00, the approximate exchange rate on March 31, 2019.
56 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review ESG
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Continuing operations
Revenue (Notes 6 and 26) Cost of sales (Note 29) Gross profit
Other revenue and expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses (Notes 27 and 29) Research and development expense (Notes 28 and 29)
Other income (Note 30)
Other expenses (Note 30)
Operating profit (loss) (Note 6) Finance income (Note 31) Finance costs (Note 31)
Profit (loss) before tax
Income tax expense (Note 16)
Profit (loss) from continuing operations
Profit (loss)
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Change of financial assets measured at fair value (Note 32) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (Note 32)
Total
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation (Note 32) Total
Total of other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income (loss)
Profit (loss), attributable to: Owners of parent Non-controlling interests
Total
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to: Owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
Total
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share (Note 33)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars*
     End of FY2018 as of March 31, 2019
 ¥99,659
48,807
 50,852
27,944
11,715
428
374
 11,246
387
271
11,362
2,371
8,991
8,991
69
96
 165
225
 225
 390
 ¥ 9,381
 ¥ 8,956
34
 ¥ 8,991
 ¥ 9,346
34
 ¥ 9,381
  End of FY2018 as of March 31, 2019
 $897,829
439,703
 458,126
251,748
105,541
3,856
3,369
 101,315
3,486
2,441
102,360
21,360
81,000
81,000
622
865
 1,486
2,027
 2,027
 3,514
 $ 84,514
 $ 80,685
306
 $ 81,000
 $ 84,198
306
 $ 84,514
  End of FY2017 as of March 31, 2018
¥85,967 44,023 41,943
26,563 10,156 224 535 4,912 332 642 4,602 1,703 2,898
2,898
181
988 1,169
(213) (213) 955
3,854
2,880 18 2,898
3,836 18 3,854
              ¥
¥ ¥
¥ ¥
          Yen
U.S. dollars*
  ¥65.20
65.16
  $0.59
0.59
 Diluted earnings per share (Note 33)
* The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥111.00 to U.S. $1.00, the approximate exchange rate on March 31, 2019.
¥20.97 20.97
  Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 57
  Fact Sheet

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Balance at April 1, 2017
Profit (loss)
Other comprehensive income
(Note 32)
Total comprehensive income (loss)
Share-based payments (Note 35) Dividends paid (Note 25)
Purchase of treasury stock (Note 24) Disposal of treasury stock (Note 24) Dividends to non-controlling interests Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that result in a loss of control Total transactions with owners and
other transactions
Balance at March 31, 2018
Balance at April 1, 2018
Cumulative effect by change in accounting policy (Note 2)
Balance at April 1, 2018 after change in accounting policy
Profit (loss)
Other comprehensive income (Note 32)
Total comprehensive income (loss) Share-based payments (Note 35) Dividends paid (Note 25)
Purchase of treasury stock (Note 24) Dividends to non-controlling interests Transfer from “other components
of equity” to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners and other transactions
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at April 1, 2018
Cumulative effect by change in accounting policy (Note 2) Balance at April 1, 2018 after
change in accounting policy Profit (loss)
Other comprehensive income
(Note 32)
Total comprehensive income (loss) Share-based payments (Note 35) Dividends paid (Note 25)
Purchase of treasury stock (Note 24) Dividends to non-controlling interests Transfer from “other components
of equity” to retained earnings Total transactions with owners and
other transactions
Balance at March 31, 2019
FY2017 (From April 1, 2017
Additional Common paid-in stock capital
¥19,052 ¥28,169
— — — —
— —
11 (32) — — — — — 0 — —
— —
 to March 31, 2018)
Retained earnings
¥24,394
2,880 988
3,868
51 (2,059)
— — —
—
Total equity attributable to owners of parent
¥76,398
2,880 955
3,836
56 (2,059) (0)
Millions of yen
Total equity
 Other Treasury components stock of equity
¥(1,012) ¥5,794
— — — (32)
— (32)
25 — — — (0) — 0 — — —
— —
Non- controlling interests
  ¥87 ¥76,485
 18 —
18
2,898 955
3,854
   11 (32) (2,008) 25 —
¥19,064 ¥28,137 ¥26,254 ¥ (987) ¥5,761
FY2018 (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
— —
(2,003)
¥78,230
(0) (0) (21) (21)
(22) (2,026)
¥83 ¥78,313
Millions of yen
— 56 — (2,059) — (0)
0—0
       ¥19,064
  ¥28,137
  ¥26,254
  ¥ (987)
  ¥5,761
  ¥78,230
  ¥ 83
  ¥78,313
 —
—
183
—
—
183
—
183
 19,064
 28,137
 26,438
 (987)
 5,761
 78,414
 83
 78,497
 —
 —
 8,956
 —
 —
 8,956
 34
 8,991
—
—
96
—
294
390
—
390
 —
 —
 9,052
 —
 294
 9,346
 34
 9,381
 49
 69
 24
 23
 —
 166
 —
 166
—
—
(2,198)
—
—
(2,198)
—
(2,198)
—
—
—
(168)
—
(168)
—
(168)
—
—
—
—
—
—
(0)
(0)
—
 —
 125
 —
 (125)
 —
 —
 —
 49
69
(2,047)
(145)
(125)
(2,200)
(0)
(2,201)
 ¥19,113
  ¥28,207
  ¥33,442
  ¥(1,133)
  ¥5,930
  ¥85,560
  ¥117
  ¥85,678
           FY2018 (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Thousands of U.S. dollars*
  $171,748
  $253,486
  $236,523
  $ (8,892)
  $51,901
  $704,775
  $ 748
  $705,523
 —
—
1,649
—
—
1,649
—
1,649
 171,748
 253,486
 238,180
 (8,892)
 51,901
 706,432
 748
 707,180
 —
 —
 80,685
 —
 —
 80,685
 306
 81,000
—
—
865
—
2,649
3,514
—
3,514
 —
 —
 81,550
 —
 2,649
 84,198
 306
 84,514
 441
 622
 216
 207
 —
 1,495
 —
 1,495
—
—
(19,802)
—
—
(19,802)
—
(19,802)
—
—
—
(1,514)
—
(1,514)
—
(1,514)
—
—
—
—
—
—
(1)
(1)
—
 —
 1,126
 —
 (1,126)
 —
 —
 —
 441
622
(18,441)
(1,306)
(1,126)
(19,820)
(1)
(19,829)
 $172,189
  $254,117
  $301,279
  $(10,207)
  $53,423
  $770,811
  $1,054
  $771,874
          * The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥111.00 to U.S. $1.00, the approximate exchange rate on March 31, 2019. Note: Details of Common stock, Additional paid-in capital, Retained earnings, Treasury stock and Other components of equity are described in Note 24, “Total Equity and Other Capital Items.”
58 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review ESG
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
March 31, 2018 and 2019
Cash flows from (used in) operating activities
Profit (loss) before tax
Depreciation and amortization expense
Interest and dividends income
Interest expenses
Loss (gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables
Increase (decrease) in employee benefits
Other, net
Subtotal
Interest received Dividends received Interest paid
Income taxes paid Income taxes refund
Net cash flows from (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from (used in) investing activities (Note 34) Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Purchase of other financial assets
Proceeds from sale of other financial assets
Other, net
Net cash flows from (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from (used in) financing activities (Note 34) Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings Redemption of bonds
Dividends paid
Other, net
Net cash flows from (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period (Note 8)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars*
     FY2018 (12 months)
From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019
 ¥11,362
4,386
(335)
103
(241)
(3,395)
(64)
(452)
536
1,761
13,661
272
62
(98)
(1,960)
309
 12,247
 (545)
1,135
(2,114)
714
(3)
1,177
(980)
 (616)
 300
—
(2,198)
(154)
 (2,052)
 65
 9,644
 35,452
 ¥45,097
  FY2018 (12 months)
From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019
 $102,360
39,514
(3,018)
928
(2,171)
(30,586)
(577)
(4,072)
4,829
15,865
123,072
2,450
559
(883)
(17,658)
2,784
 110,333
 (4,910)
10,225
(19,045)
6,432
(27)
10,604
(8,829)
 (5,550)
 2,703
—
(19,802)
(1,387)
 (18,486)
 586
 86,883
 319,387
 $406,279
 FY2017 (12 months) From April 1, 2017
to March 31, 2018
¥ 4,602 4,285
(238) 128 9
(11) (1,973)
882 376
(47) 8,014 179 58
(109) (484) 287
7,946
(1,215) 1,200 (2,444)
2 (2) 0
(1,473)
(3,932)
(100) (6,000) (2,059) (42)
(8,201)
(41)
(4,229)
39,682
¥35,452
           * The U.S. dollar amounts in this report represent translations of Japanese yen, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥111.00 to U.S. $1.00, the approximate exchange rate on March 31, 2019.
Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 59
  Fact Sheet

Glossary
Term
3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project)
AOC (Active Optical Cable)
CPRI (Common Public Radio Interface)
eCPRI/RoE
Description
A project for developing third-generation (3G) mobile phone system standards that is currently developing interna- tional standards for LTE, LTE-Advanced, and next-generation 5G.
Cable that combines optical fiber and an electrical signal connector with an embedded optical-electric converter.
The publicly available specification for the key internal interface of radio base stations between the Radio Equipment Control (REC) and the Radio Equipment (RE). CPRI is the name of the industry cooperation defining the specification.
eCPRI refers to CPRI specifications from CPRI Corporation (the Industry Initiative for a Common Public Radio Interface). RoE (Radio over Ethernet) is a mobile front haul specification currently being studied by the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE). Both are focused on the Ethernet accommodation of radio signals.
  5G New RAT (5G New Radio Access Technology)
  New wireless communications technology for realizing 5G, the next-generation mobile phone system.
   Connectivity
  A general term signifying connections between and among mobile devices, etc. and other equipment and devices. This term is used to distinguish such modes as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, NFC (Near Field Communication), and other com- munications modes, from cellular communications. Recently, connectivity has been extended to include automo- biles, digital cameras, home appliances, game devices, and healthcare devices.
  C-RAN (Cloud Radio Access Network)
  C-RAN is one of the radio access network architectures. Each base station is equipped only with a Remote Radio Head. Base-Band Units for many cells are centralized as “Central Station” and it processes signals.
  Ethernet
  World’s most-widespread LAN (Local Area Network) standard.
 IoT (Internet of Things)
IoT will not only allow computers and other communications devices to interact but also will give communications functions to manufacturing equipment in factories, appliances, and virtually all other things in the world around us. This will give these “things” interactive communications functions when connected with the Internet and will facili- tate automatic control and remote measurement.
 LTE (Long-Term Evolution)
  High-speed mobile service that enables data communication at 5 to 10 times the speed of 3G mobile phone and telecommunications services.
 LTE-Advanced
Fourth-generation (4G) mobile communications standard approved by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU). The goal is to run faster than LTE, which is becoming popular globally, using new technology such as carrier aggregation. The 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP), which aims for greater functionality via high speeds, is currently setting the international standard.
 MIMO (Multiple-Input and Multiple-Output)
 A wireless communications technology that uses multiple antennas at the transmitter and receiver to transmit and receive data at the same frequency axis. Capable of increasing communications speeds, a key technology of LTE Advanced.
 NB-IoT (Narrow Band-IoT)
  IoT communications system that uses mobile phone networks and being standardized by 3GPP.
 NFV (Network Functions Virtualization)
 NFV offers a new way to design, deploy, and manage networking services by decoupling.
 NSA-NR/SA-NR (Non- Standalone New Radio / Standalone New Radio)
5G standardization specification being developed by 3GPP.
NSA-NR: Operating format through interworking of existing LTE and 5G. SA-NR: Operating format with 5G on a standalone basis.
 OSS (Operation Support System)
 Systems necessary for operating the businesses of telecommunications operators that offer mobile phone and other communications services
 OTA (Over The Air)
  Methods for testing wireless systems without the use of radio frequency (RF) cables
 OTN (Optical Transport Network)
 Transfer technology compatible with WDM transmission networks that houses various client signals like SHD and Ethernet and transmits data with a high degree of reliability.
   PAM4: Pulse Amplitude Modulation 4)
Radio Frequency (RF) Measurement
SDN (Software-Defined Network)
Small Cells
A method to improve transmission capacity through four value amplitude modulation.
Measurement of frequencies (among electromagnetic and electrical signals) that can use wireless signal trans- mission
SDN is a way to manage networks that separates the control plane from the forwarding plane. SDN is a comple- mentary approach to network functions virtualization (NFV) for network management. While they both manage networks, both rely on different methods.
A type of station for mobile communications, used typically to supplement the coverage of regular ground stations. Small cell stations have lower output power and are used to cover smaller areas. Small cells supplement macro cells with high output power, and are used to provide coverage to areas such as mountainous regions and buildings that macro cell signals cannot reach. Installations include the interiors of buildings that signals cannot penetrate.
 PCI-E (Peripheral Component Interconnect Express)
  PCI is an expansion bus interface protocol used to insert an expansion card into a computer. PCI-E is a higher order protocol of PCI with a data rate up to 30 times faster than PCI.
  SDH (Synchronous Digital Hierarchy)
  International standards for synchronous digital hierarchy multiplex transmitter and demultilplexing method.
  WDM (Wavelength Division Multiplexing)
  Optical communications technology called Wavelength Division Multiplexing for large capacity signals.
  Beam Forming
 Technology that uses antennas that have multiple elements for controlling dynamically the strength of waves in certain locations.
 Mobile edge computing
  Used to reduce delay by bringing previously distant (cloud) application servers closer to the edge of the mobile network and end user.
 60 ANRITSU CORPORATION

    Corporate Value Creation Business Review ESG
Investor Information (As of March 31, 2019)
Head Office:
Established:
Paid-in Capital:
Number of Employees:
Stock Listing: Transfer Agent:
Number of Shareholders:
Rating:
Authorized Shares: Issued Shares:
ANRITSU CORPORATION 5-1-1 Onna, Atsugi-shi, Kanagawa 243-8555, Japan Tel: +81-46-223-1111
URL: https://www.anritsu.com March 1931
¥19.1 billion
3,778 (Consolidated)
836 (Stand alone)
Tokyo (Ticker Symbol No: 6754)
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8233, Japan
39,112
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. Long-Term: A-
Short-Term: a-1
Breakdown of Shareholders:
Individuals and Others
21.3%
Foreign Investors
33.9%
Major Shareholders
Shareholder Name
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
BBH FOR MATTHEWS ASIA DIVIDEND FUND
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 1300000
SSBTC CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Sumitomo Life Insurance Company
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. (Securities Investment Trust Account)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited. Retirement Benefit Trust Account
Financial Institutions
38.7%
Securities Companies
4.2%
Other Corporations
       Japan
Americas
EMEA
Asia & Others
(China) Co., Ltd. (China) Company, Inc. (Taiwan) Corporation, Ltd. (Korea) Pte. Ltd. (Singapore) India Private Ltd. (India) Pty. Ltd. (Australia)
Number of Shares
1.9%
Percentage of Total
      400,000,000 138,206,794
(inThousands) SharesIssued
20,574 14.96
11,463 8.33
8,806 6.40
3,338 2.43
2,846 2.07
2,528 1.84
2,314 1.68
2,128 1.55
2,094 1.52
2,000 1.45
     ■ Major Subsidiaries
Note: The shareholding ratio is calculated by excluding the number of treasury stock (646,335 shares).
  Anritsu Infivis Co., Ltd.
Tohoku Anritsu Co., Ltd.
Anritsu Customer Support Co., Ltd.
Anritsu Engineering Co., Ltd.
Anritsu Networks Co., Ltd.
Anritsu Devices Co., Ltd.
Anritsu Kousan Co., Ltd.
Anritsu Real Estate Co., Ltd. Anritsu Pro Associe Co., Ltd.
AT Techmac Co., Ltd.
Anritsu U.S. Holding, Inc. (U.S.A.)
Anritsu Americas Sales Company (U.S.A.)
Anritsu Company (U.S.A.)
Azimuth Systems, Inc. (U.S.A.)
Anritsu Electronics, Ltd. (Canada)
Anritsu Eletrônica Ltda. (Brazil)
Anritsu Company S.A. de C.V. (Mexico)
Anritsu Infivis Inc. (U.S.A.)
Principal Businesses
R&D, manufacture, sales, repair, and maintenance of PQA equipment Manufacture of Test & Measurement instru- ments and information and communications equipment
Calibration, repair, and maintenance of Test & Measurement instruments
R&D of software
R&D, sales, and maintenance of information and communications equipment
R&D, manufacture, and sales of optical devices
Management of facilities, welfare services, and production of catalogs and other materials
Real estate leasing
Operation of shared services center
Manufacture and sales of processed products and unit assembly articles
Principal Businesses
Holding company for American subsidiaries
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
R&D, manufacture, sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
R&D, manufacture, and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of PQA equipment
Anritsu EMEA Ltd. (U.K.)
Anritsu Ltd. (U.K.)
Anritsu GmbH (Germany)
Anritsu S.A. (France)
Anritsu S.r.l. (Italy)
Anritsu AB (Sweden)
Anritsu A/S (Denmark)
Anritsu Solutions S.r.l. (Italy) Anritsu Solutions S.R.L. (Romania) Anritsu Solutions SK, s.r.o. (Slovakia)
Anritsu Infivis Ltd. (U.K.)
Anritsu Company Ltd. (Hong Kong)
Anritsu Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (China)
Anritsu
Anritsu
Anritsu
Anritsu
Anritsu
Anritsu
Principal Businesses
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
R&D and manufacture of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
R&D, manufacture, sales, and maintenance of T&M instruments
R&D of measuring and other instruments
R&D of measuring and other instruments
R&D of measuring and other instruments Sales and maintenance of PQA equipment
Principal Businesses
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Maintenance of measuring and other instru- ments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
Sales and maintenance of measuring and other instruments
R&D of measuring and other instruments Sales and maintenance of PQA equipment
Manufacture of PQA equipment
Manufacture and maintenance of PQA equip- ment
                        Anritsu Philippines, Inc. (Philippines) Anritsu Industrial Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (China) Anritsu Industrial Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (China) Anritsu Infivis (THAILAND) Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
        Anritsu Integrated Report 2019 61
  Fact Sheet

    Revised in December 2019