 AHRESTY REPORT
2021
For the year ended March 31, 2021
 
 RESEARCH SERVICE
Let us take pride in our work,
respect theory and experimentation, value originality and invention
and offer superior products and service to our customers
RST Way - Five criteria for action
The RST Way’s five criteria for action—conscientious, proactive, speedy, learning, and challenge —are the basis of each employee’s way of thinking and action to realize the Corporate Philosophy.
TECHNOLOGY
We aim to create an affluent society by pursuing and integrating each of these areas.
Our corporate name, Ahresty, comes from “RST.”
It was created by linking together the pronunciation of the first letters in Research, Service, and Technology. Research means continuous research, investigation, and development of new technologies,
new markets, and new sales techniques.
Service means providing warm, attentive service through personal interaction.
Technology means truly excellent technology that incorporates both physical and soft aspects
and is highly beneficial for society.
These three areas of Research, Service, and Technology cannot be considered independently.
Both technology and a spirit of service are necessary to accomplish the research involved in R&D.
To explain it in another way, research, service, and technology are intricately linked and each supports the others. It is an organic relationship in which each component refines the others to produce an end product
that is even better than the sum of its components.
We have therefore adopted this concept of integrated Research, Service, and Technology
as our corporate philosophy and named the company Ahresty to encompass it in our corporate name. We intend to use this corporate philosophy, wisely to fulfill our mission of being of service to society in many different ways, through our many products.
The Tag line “Casting Our Eyes on the Future” embodies our business attitude of always moving forward by taking the initiative in Research and Development, Service and Technology and by keeping all of our attention here at Ahresty focused on our customers, the global environment and the future of Ahresty itself, to realize the corporate philosophy represented in our name. The word “Casting” in the tag line combines the meaning of “to throw one’s gaze” with its other meaning of “to shape molten metal in a mold” which is our main line of business, die casting.
We earnestly and sincerely make efforts for our customers and all stakeholders. We strive to understand diverse opinions, thoughts and values, listening to them with open minds.
We are self-driven and enthusiastically strive for success.
Each of us takes the initiative so that our actions lead to significant improvements.
We act quickly, sensing changes in social needs and the global market.
We consistently strive to enhance and reform our work methods and our technologies.
We constantly evolve to reach our goals.
We advance ourselves by having inquiring minds to achieve expectations.
We work unflinchingly on aggressive targets to achieve them.
We consistently challenge ourselves through theories and experiments without fear of failure, respecting originality and invention.
Corporate Philosophy
Conscientious Proactive Speedy Learning Challenge
CONTENTS
2 | Corporate Philosophy
4 | Top Message
6 | Ahresty’s Value Creation
12 | Progress in the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan 16 | Efforts by Business Segments
20 | Consolidated Financial Highlights 21 | For Sustainable Growth
30 | Corporate Information
31 | Ahresty in numbers
  2
AHRESTY REPORT 2021 3

 Top Message
For Shareholders & Investors
 Driving EV Strategy to Expand Our Business Areas
 Looking Back on FY20 and Initiatives for 1921 Medi- um-Term Management Plan
First of all, I would like to express my sympathies to those affected by COVID-19 and pray for their speedy recovery. I sincerely offer my deepest condolences to those who have lost their lives to COVID-19. I also express my sincere gratitude to professionals who are striving to prevent the spread of COVID-19 on the front line.
In FY20, our customers around the world suspended car production and some countries imposed lockdown restrictions. These had a considerable impact on our business. As a result, our shipment volume for the first quarter decreased by more than 50% on a year-over-year basis. From the second quarter, it showed a recovery trend and the shipment volume for the third quarter returned to the same level as the previous year. However, in the fourth quarter, a decrease in car production due to a semiconductor shortage and a sharp rise in aluminum market prices gave a tremendous impact to our business results again. Thanks to our concerted effort across the Ahresty Group to reduce costs and investments and due to the recovery of the ship- ment volume, the operating income for the second half became profitable. However, it could not be fully offset by the sharp drop in revenue for the first half, thus we unavoidably recorded an operating loss for the full year. That was a disappointing result again from the previous year. I sincerely apologize to our shareholders and investors for causing the disappointment and wor- ries. To turn around our performance in such a severe business environment, we are working hard to improve the finance foundation and enhance our competitiveness based on the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan.
We actively strived to lower the break-even point by cutting fixed costs and variable costs through labor-saving in manufacturing and back-office functions, reduction in capital investment, and improvement in productivity. With regard to our quality improvement efforts, we earned several Quality Awards from our major customers around the world. We will continue to
offer products with stable quality, which would build high reputation for our products among our customers.
Our Response to Growing Demand for EVs
While the Japanese government declared that Japan will become carbon neutral by 2050, many countries similarly have pushed forward the envi- ronmental policies. Automobile manufacturers are accelerating the shift to electric vehicles (battery electric vehicles, hybrid vehicles, plug-in hybrid ve- hicles, and fuel cell electric vehicles). Since hybrid vehicles and plug-in hybrid vehicles are driven by an engine and a transmission, i.e. our main products, and additionally equipped with an inverter, a converter and other electron- ic control components, they will increase demand for die casting products. With regard to battery electric vehicles and fuel cell electric vehicles, de- mand for internal combustion engines will disappear but they will create new demand for various casting products, including electric control compo- nents, motor housing, decelerators, and battery cases. Many of new orders and orders for mass-produced products that we are currently receiving are for EV components. We expect EV parts to account for 30% of the sales by 2025. We will continue to push forward our EV strategy by strengthening sales activity to expand our business areas while responding to changing situations in each country.
For Sustainable Growth
Aiming for the sustainable growth, the Ahresty Group will tackle two ini- tiatives: improvement in the energy consumption efficiency of vehicles by offering aluminum die casting products; and reduction in use of fossil fuel re- sources in the manufacturing process by improvement in energy efficiency. Most of aluminum we use for production is recycled aluminum. It generates only one-seventh as much CO2 emissions as iron. Furthermore, aluminum
has a specific gravity as low as approximately one-third that of iron. By tak- ing advantage of these environmental properties and advancing our tech- nologies, we believe that we can make vehicles even lighter, contributing to climate change mitigation. We will also actively work to reduce CO2 emis- sions in the production process. The outlook for economic recovery remains uncertain and dramatic changes in business environments can be expected, but we will strive to improve corporate value through a unified effort as the Ahresty Group. We sincerely ask for your further support.
President & CEO
Arata Takahashi
       Directors
Representative Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Chief, Manufacturing Command
Junji Ito
Representative Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer, General Administrative Command
Shinichi Takahashi
Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Chief, Sales Command
Naoyuki Kaneta
Director,
Managing Executive Officer,
General Manager, Tokai Plant, President, Ahresty Pretech Corporation
Shinichi Gamou
    4
AHRESTY REPORT 2021 5

 Ahresty’s Value Creation
Ahresty’s Businesses and Strengths
 “Creating High Quality Products.”
Fully integrated production system and Ahresty’s strengths
Use of sensing technology to collect, analyze and visualize data
Monitoring the operation status of equipment in each process to improve quality and for preventive maintenance
Manufacture and Sales of Peripheral Equipment for Die Cast Production
 Since the company was founded in 1938, Ahresty has mainly focused its business on manufacturing alumi- num die cast products for use in automobiles. Our streamlined production process improves productivity and maintains quality along the entire process, from aluminum alloy ingot production to design and manufacture of molds, casting, and machine processing. We also manufacture and sell MOVAFLOR, a proprietary raised floor system, and peripheral equipment for die cast production. We have also standardized our systems for quality, production, and maintenance at all locations and provide consistent production quality worldwide.
[ Ahresty’s Production System ]
Manufacturing Process
Aluminum Alloy Ingot Production
No.1 share for clean rooms in Japan!
MOVAFLOR proprietary raised floor system
                 [ Measures to Prevent the Spread of COVID-19 ]
[ Using statistical quality control to produce optimal manufacturing conditions ]
[ Designing ]
[ Die Manufacturing ]
[ Die Casting ]
[ Machining ]
Auto Parts
[ Delivery ]
    Reinforcing company-wide systems to prevent the spread of infection
Setting up a COVID-19 task force
Setting up anti-COVID-19 teams at each site (Implementing comprehensive measures to prevent infection based on the instructions and policies of local governments and municipalities)
Contributing to weight reduction and electrifica- tion of vehicles
Ahresty owns over 200 casting machines in Japan and overseas. When producing complex items, we cooperate with our customers from the development stage to reduce the weight of vehicles. In response to the tightening of fuel economy regulations by many governments to protect the environment and the acceleration of electrification of vehicles, we also proactively offer proposals on technology development for parts for electric vehicles (EVs, HEVs, PHEVs and FCVs). We plan to increase our share of sales of parts for electric vehicles from 11% in FY2020 to around 30% in FY2025.
Formulating and applying company-wide action guidelines and guidelines for each site
Formulating company-wide action guidelines and guidelines for each site
Clarifying instructions in a manual
(Taking temperature upon arrival at work, wearing masks, face guards, etc., conducting periodic sanitization, etc.)
Global presence
[ Factors ]
[ 2D codes ]
[ Store/analyze data ]
• Design of experiments • Statistical approach
  Materials
 Equipment
(Casting machines, utilities)
 Manufacturing conditions
 Dies
     Taking an employee’s temperature upon arrival at a plant (overseas)
sample
Improved productivity and quality
 Linking measured production parameter values to quality levels
    6
AHRESTY REPORT 2021 7
In addition to 14 sites in Japan, Ahresty has operations at eight sites in five countries, namely, the United States, Mexico, China, India and Thailand. Our die-casting plants are able to offer products of the same quality from a single drawing in response to the needs of the automobile industry, where commonization of parts and globaliza- tion of production have been accelerating. We have established a system of complementary production between plants across bor- ders, including Japan, capable of flexibly responding to changes in production resulting from fluctuations in sales volumes.
Improving productivity with OPCC*
Ahresty has introduced Optimal Process Condition Control (OPCC) at all sites to clarify, maintain and manage the conditions necessary to continuously make good products, thereby improving productivi- ty and the product quality. Under OPCC, sensing technology is used to collect, analyze and visualize various data to find optimal manu- facturing conditions. For each of the priority products, a 2D code is given in the casting process, so that the measured values of various production parameters correspond to the product quality, to enable a statistical approach to quality control.
Developing human resources that underpin our MONOZUKURI
Human resources development across the Group is the key to glob- ally improving our technology and quality. Ahresty has established a system that allows employees at all sites to receive systematic training of the same quality. Now that the automobile industry is undergoing a once-in-a-century transformation, in response to the accelerating electrification of vehicles, Ahresty offers training pro- grams focused on electrification. In fiscal 2020, a total of 258 em- ployees (129 in Japan, 129 overseas) participated in these programs.
* Optimal Process Condition Control

 8
AHRESTY REPORT 2021 9
Ahresty’s Value Creation
Ahresty’s History
Aiming to be the most trusted supplier “Conscientious” is part of the DNA we have inherited
Shimura Aluminum Co., Ltd., Ahresty’s predecessor, was founded with a capital of 400,000 yen as a small factory in Itabashi, Tokyo, with three employees.
“Do not tell a lie for the convenience of business” and “Always propose what is best for the benefit of customers” are the words of the late Aiji Takahashi, our founder. This conscientious stance resulted in gaining the trust of the public, serving as the driving force for the subsequent develop- ment of the company.
FY2020
128,666
FY2020
92.9
FY2020
Employees
persons
Net sales (billion yen)
Sales weight (tons)
Employees (persons)
(Fiscalyear) 2001 2002 1938 - Founded
1938
Shimura Aluminum Co., Ltd., Ahresty’s predecessor, found- ed in Itabashi, Tokyo
Started manufacturing alu- minum alloy ingots, die cast products and aluminum sand mold castings.
1943
22 sites in six countries
Fuso Light Alloys Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Corpora- tion) established.
Awarded in NADCA International Die-Casting Awards.
Founder: Aiji Takahashi
Stock listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
1962
Launched MOVAFLOR, first raised floor system in Japan.
1964
ICEPET developed by Fuso Light Alloys won the Champion Award at the International Home Show.
1983
Corporate Philosophy codified
Mass production of aluminum die- cast monocoque frame for scoot- ers started for the first time in the world.
1999
[ Business expansion and global presence ]
•Hamamatsu Plant started operation. •Japan Precision Die Mold Mfg. Co., Ltd.
(now Ahresty Die Mold Hamamatsu Corporation) (manufacturing dies) established. •Tokai Seiko Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Pretech Corporation) (processing) established. •Kyoto Die Casting Co., Ltd. Toyohashi Plant (now Tokai Plant) started operation. •Tochigi Fuso Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Tochigi Corporation) established.
•Ditec Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi Corporation) (manufacturing dies) established.
•Kumamoto Fuso Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Kumamoto Corporation) established.
•Ditec Co., Ltd., Kumamoto Plant (now Ahresty Die Mold Kumamoto Corporation) started operation. •Kumagaya Plant (production of aluminum alloy ingots) started operation.
•Higashimatsuyama Plant started operation
•Pascal Trading Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Techno Service Corporation)
(manufacturing and sales of die-casting peripheral equipment) established.
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2011
2012
1997
2013
2014
2015
2016 2017
1961
2003
Received the Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award in the 20th Materials Process Technology Commendation.
2004
Started RST Gakuen (academy) aimed at early development of engineers.
2006
Technical Center opened in Toyo- hashi, Aichi.
•Thai Ahresty Engineering Co., Ltd. (design / Thailand) established. •Guangzhou Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. (China) established. •Ahresty Corporation merged with Kyoto Die Casting Co., Ltd. •Ahresty Precision Die Mold (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
(dies / China) established.
•Pascal Industry Co., Ltd. and Sugahara Precision Industry Co., Ltd.
merged and renamed Ahresty Yamagata Corporation. •Ahresty Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) established. •Ahresty India Private Limited (India) established. •Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. (China) established. •Integrated Hamamatsu Plant and Toyohashi Plant,
and consolidated organizations as Tokai Plant. •Ahresty Inclusive Service Corporation established.
2014
Listing of the shares changed from the Second Sec- tion to the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
2018
Celebrated the 80th anniversary.
September 2008
Lehman’s Fall
2008
March 2011
Great East Japan Earthquake
2009 2010
March 2020
COVID-19 pandemic
2018 2019 2020
6,124
1988 - Renamed Ahresty Corporation.
1988
Company name changed from Fuso Light Alloys Co., Ltd. to Ahresty Corporation.
1989
Awarded Deming Prize for the year 1989 (Small and Mid-range Industries).
1996
Mass production of alternator brackets for au- tomobiles by the NI (New Injection) method (Ahresty’s proprietary casting method) started.
•Ahresty Wilmington Corporation (US) established.
•Thai Ahresty Die Co., Ltd., an affiliated company for manufacturing dies in Thailand, established.
2000 - Aiming to contribute to weight reduction of vehicles.
Sales weight
Net sales
billion yen
tons

 Ahresty’s Value Creation
Processes for Sustainable Growth
Ahresty’s management resources
Financial capital
Equity attributable to shareholders of Ahresty Corporation: 55.4 billion yen
Human capital
Employees: 6,124 persons
Production capital
22 sites
in six countries Die cast machines: over 200 units
Intellectual capital
Technologies and know-how accumulated since founding
Social capital
[Major customers]
Over 340 companies in 11 countries
[Major suppliers]
Approx. 430 companies
Strengths
Customer base
Human resources
Research and development capabilities
Global network
Partnerships
Financial base
[ Ahresty 10-Year Vision ]
Winning absolute customers’ trust 2025
Pursue MONOZUKURI, provide products and services that are excellent in QCDD; Quality, Cost, Delivery, and Development, and contribute to customers’ business development. Always think customers first and respond to expectations and trust.
Values that Ahresty offers
Corporate Philosophy
        [ 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan ]
Implement business strategies with an eye on the future automotive market
INPUT
Shareholders, investors
Employees
Partners
Local communities
Enhancing medium- to long-term corporate value
Diversity
(Diverse work styles)
OUT COME
Collaboration in creating new values
Contributing to sustainable growth
RESEARCH
SERVICE
TECHNOLOGY
We aim to create an affluent society by pursuing each of these areas and integrating them.
Customers
Contributing to weight reduction of vehicles
          Enhance earnings strength
by improving productivity and quality
 [ SDGs to be focused on as priority themes ]
  Global environment
Reducing environmental impact
   10
AHRESTY REPORT 2021 11

Implement business strategies with an eye on the future automotive market
In addition to conventional product groups, we focus efforts on the development and sales of parts for electric vehicles and structural components that satisfy customer needs in response to the accelerating electrification of vehicles and tighter fuel economy regulations. We also aim to achieve a higher level of quality and productivity by enhancing our technological capabilities in each process, thereby gaining increased trust from customers.
⇒ P16-17. Aiming to contribute to reducing the weight of vehicles Changes in demand for die-cast products and
strategies for electrification
In line with the accelerating electrification of vehicles, the amount of die-cast products used in a vehicle will increase by around 20% for HEVs and PHEVs from that in a gasoline vehicle, because a pow- er control unit (hereinafter, PCU) parts, battery case, motor housing functions, etc. are added to these vehicles. On the other hand, a de- crease of around 20% is predicted for EVs because they need no parts for engines and transmissions, although some EV-dedicated parts will be added. As the global automobile sales volume contin- ues to be on the increase, global demand for die-cast products is expected to gradually increase for vehicles with internal combustion engines (gasoline vehicles, HEVs, PHEVs) in line with an increase in HEVs and PHEVs. In addition, EVs will emerge and expand as a new business field, expected to help increase demand and expand the market. Regionally, in China, the largest auto market in the world, the shift to EVs will be promoted by the Government while in India, a fast-growing market rivaling China, demand for automobiles with internal combustion engines will continue to increase.
[Business strategies in electrification]
For parts related to core technologies for electric vehicles (PCUs, motors, batteries), we will use our existing customer base and expe- rience in mass production to enhance our sales promotion activities. We see parts for eAxle, an integrated electric drive unit combin- ing motor, inverter and reducer to be installed in EVs, and battery parts as a new field in which we will expand our business. In the fast-growing markets of China and India, taking advantage of having production sites in both countries, we aim at further growth, with products and technology strategies appropriate for market expan- sion and speed of electrification.
Changes in the number of die-cast parts used per vehicle
Enhancing technological capabilities to cater to customer needs
To improve Ahresty’s MONOZUKURI capabilities, we are formulating a technology strategy based on the results of surveys of the market and external environment, interviews with customers and the like, and are promoting research and development according to the technology roadmap. Under the themes for “creating demand” and “improving productivity,” we are developing technologies that will contribute to reducing the weight, improving performance, reducing costs and en- ergy consumption, etc. for vehicles, and are working to improve the capabilities of each process.
Major awards in FY2020
•“Quality Production Cooperation Award” from SUBARU Corporation •“Letter of Appreciation for Quality Control Activities” from Toyota Mo-
tor Corporation
•“Appreciation for Superior Quality” from Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
•From Toyota Kirloskar Motor India
· Awarded in 3 segments: · ZERO Defects · Quality · Delivery
•“Overseas Contribution Award” from Suzuki Motor Corporation for the 3rd consecutive year
•“Best Performance Award” from JATCO Mexico, S.A. de C.V. for the 3rd consecutive year
•“Quality Excellence Award” from Isuzu Motors Limited
•“Cost Excellence Award” from Mitsubishi Motors Corporation •“Excellence Appreciation Award” from Yamada Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
FY2020 Customer Satisfaction Survey results (excerpts)
Survey period: December 2020 to January 2021 Survey target: Major customers in Japan Responses obtained: 24 persons from 20 companies
■Satisfied ■Somewhat satisfied ■Cannot say ■Somewhat dissatisfied ■Dissatisfied Product quality
     Conventional gasoline vehicle
Vehicle electrification (1) HEV/PHEV
Vehicle electrification (2) EV
100
■PCU/battery case, etc. ■Engine ■Transmission ■Steering ■Brakes ■Others  
  * Engine: Engine block, oil pan, etc. Transmission: Case, housing, etc.
Amount of die-cast products used
Aiming to gain high customer evaluations
Ahresty has been working on formulating Ahresty Standards, common rules for the Group, to bring MONOZUKURI (manufacturing) with the same quality level to all of its operation sites worldwide. We believe that the key to this goal is to adhere to the basics of MONOZUKURI and improve the assurance level for the completion of each process. For new products, we will further strengthen ties with the design team to improve our production preparations, aiming to ensure stable qual- ity and improve productivity in mass production. For mass production, we have been working to reduce variations in quality in our manufac- turing processes by examining the process quality control sheet and actual operations, thereby improving each process. In fiscal 2020, we were able to reduce the global number of complaints by 25% over the previous year. Ahresty will make continuous efforts to provide a con- stant supply of products of stable quality, so as to gain a higher level of trust from our customers. We believe that high evaluations by our customers will help each of the employees working at Ahresty to take pride in their manufacturing and develop an increased motivation for work.

Enhancing earning strength by improving productivity and quality
We will promote productivity improvements and reduce manufacturing costs by implementing MONOZUKURI with Optimal Process Con- dition Control (OPCC).
We will also introduce streamlining and manpower savings in the production system, inventory reductions and other initiatives to improve our price competitiveness.

Improving productivity with OPCC
To implement MONOZUKURI processes under OPCC*, we are work- ing to improve productivity and reduce the defect rate. The process fields in which we will pursue OPCC in the three years of the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan include design of materials and dies, process design, setting manufacturing conditions and mainte- nance and operation management of equipment/dies. In these pro- cesses, we will identify tasks for cycle time reduction, defect reduc- tion, improvement of utilization rate, maintenance management and other purposes, make them into priorities based on the past activity data, and start implementing measures expected to give greater re- sults, thereby improving the productivity and quality.
* Optimal Process Condition Control
[Activities for OPCC]
To enhance ties between departments and promote improvement activities across departments, cross-functional teams are formed at each production site. Activities that have proven effective are shared throughout the Group along with the maintenance and defect prevention measures, helping to improve productivity and quality.
Comprehensive streamlining of the production system and manpower savings
We are working to establish a system to produce good products efficiently, through comprehensive streamlining and manpower sav- ings. We will eliminate unnecessary processes and operations by introducing Kaizen, automating inspection processes, and through the use of “karakuri” mechanisms, thereby improving productivity and reducing manufacturing costs.
[Examples of reducing manpower in production processes]
•Reducing the number of operators in charge of casting machines by improving equipment and changing layouts
•Reducing the number of inspectors by introducing in-process quality assur- ance that incorporates inspections in the casting processes
•Introducing automatic inspection machines and promoting the use of “kara- kuri” mechanisms
•Automating material feeding for aluminum melting furnaces
[Examples of promoting leaner systems by shortening work
flows, etc.]
•Process improvement by reviewing the work flows for factory conveying sys- tems, etc.
•Cost reductions from incorporating outsourced operations in in-house processes •Reducing external rental warehouses by reducing inventory
•Integration of functions of non-production operations between plants

Develop the human resources that underpin corporate growth
We will improve working conditions to create workplaces where no work-related accidents or injuries occur and where employees can work safely and comfortably in a healthy mental and physical state. We will also develop glob- ally-competitive human resources to create a company that enables employees to grow together with the company while finding their work rewarding and taking pride in it.
⇒ P28. Development of a corporate culture in which employees can observe their personal development and find their work rewarding.

Using ergonomics to create workplaces where workloads are low
We continuously improve the workplace environment by reducing oper- ations involving high physical workloads and making the workplace safe and comfortable for workers.
Targeting mainly operations that require the use of heavy tools or the handling of heavy items, we are implementing Kaizen initiatives to re- duce workloads while employing automation and Karakuri mechanisms to improve production efficiency. To assess the effects of Kaizen improve- ments, we conduct quantitative evaluations of the workload based on Ahresty’s own ergonomics evaluation standards and check the degree of satisfaction that the workers involved have with the improvements.
Developing comfortable working conditions
To develop comfortable working conditions, we improved ambient tem- peratures by installing air conditioners and other equipment that heats up or cools down, and reduced noise, including mainly the noise of ham- mering and air blow in the casting process. We simulate the effect of the improvements based on an analysis of noise waveform data to ensure that they are effective.

Eliminating industrial accidents and injuries
Ahresty has established an Occupational Safety and Health Policy and Ahresty Safety Awareness codes based on the principle of safe- ty first that apply to all production activities. Adopting the safety slogan “Find potential hazards in your workplace! Think and act safely by observing the rules!” for the three years from fiscal 2019 to 2021, Ahresty as a whole aims to develop a safe and comfortable working environment through carrying out a variety of safety activi- ties, including providing safety training programs, conducting safety patrols, improving equipment safety functions, and providing basic education to prevent fires and accidents.

Aiming to Contribute to reducing the weight of vehicles
Taking advantage of our management resources and strengths mainly in BMSE (Block: engine blocks, Mission: transmission, Structure: structural components, and Electric: parts for electric vehicles), our optimal sales ac- tivities are tailored to the needs of each region and customer.
     Die Casting Business: North America
In the automobile market in North America, suspension of operations at our major customers with the spread of COVID-19 significantly re- duced orders received by the Company. In the U.S., major customers shut down operations one after another in response to the spread of COVID-19, forcing our U.S. plant to temporarily adjust production. In the second half, although we gradually got on a recovery track, regaining our sales volume in the third quarter, we were affected by the decrease in car production in the fourth quarter because of the shortage of semiconductors and the cold weather associated with a shortage in the supply of raw materials. This resulted in a significant decrease in our orders received. Our plant in Mexico, which settles its accounts in December, was forced to suspend operation in the first half from the impact of the lockdown imposed by the govern- ment to prevent the spread of COVID-19, resulting in a significant decline in orders received. In the second half, however, orders recov- ered to the same level year on year, and we consequently posted a surplus on a full-year basis.
As a result, net sales came to ¥21,628 million (down 29.4% year on year). On the profitability side, despite our efforts to reduce manu- facturing costs, etc., the segment recorded a profit of ¥94 million (down 85.0% year on year) due to the significant impact of the de- crease in net sales.
Die Casting Business: Asia
The plants in China, which settle their accounts in December, record- ed a significant decline in both sales and production of automobiles from the impact of the spread of COVID-19 in the first quarter (Jan- uary to March), associated with the lockdowns of some cities, the issuance of stay-at-home orders and suspension of operations by car manufacturers, our main customers. However, signs of a gradual recovery from the significant decline in the first quarter began to appear, and in the second half, the number of orders received ex- ceeded that of the previous year and a profit has been continuously recorded. Meanwhile, our operations in India were severely affected by the spread of COVID-19 in the first half. The Indian government locked down the entire country to prevent the spread of infection, which forced our plant in India to suspend operations, resulting in a significant decline in orders received. In the second half, we were still on our way to recovery and marked a 17% decrease year on year in orders received.
Fiscal 2020 Results by Segment
(Unit: Million yen)
27,380 45,584 228 (2,491) 13,018 21,628 417 94 12,328 19,931 361 (598)
  Business Environment and Market Conditions
In fiscal 2020, the world economy slowed down significantly from the impact of the novel coronavirus “COVID-19” pandemic. Although China resumed their economic activities early and began to show signs of recovery, the United States and Europe suffered from the re-expansion of infections and lockdowns halfway through their economic recovery. As a result, the world economy remained stag- nant in general. In Japan, the economy was severely affected by the novel coronavirus pandemic and deteriorated significantly, suf- fering a decrease in domestic demand and a slowdown in exports resulting from sluggish economic activities. Although economic ac- tivities have been recovering gradually after bottoming out in the first quarter, the future outlook still remains uncertain with factors such as the re-expansion of COVID-19 infections and the shortage of semiconductors, which may affect car production. Meanwhile, in October 2020, Japan declared its goal of “net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.” Other countries are similarly advancing their en- vironmental measures while car manufacturers have released their electrification targets and launched new electric vehicle models, ac- celerating the trend towards vehicle electrification.
Results for Fiscal 2020
Die Casting Business: Japan
In the Japanese automobile market, during the first half of the fiscal year, car manufacturers, our main customers, and many other cus- tomers had to suspend operations or adjust production due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19. This affected the Company, lead- ing to a substantial decrease in orders received. In the second half, although orders gradually recovered and reached the same level as the previous year in the third quarter, a shortage of semiconductors caused a reduction in car production, which affected our business in the fourth quarter. As a result, net sales came to ¥45,584 million, a 23.4% decrease from the previous year. On the profitability side, despite our efforts to reduce manufacturing costs, etc., the segment recorded a loss of ¥2,491 million (a segment loss of ¥444 million was recorded a year earlier) as a result of the significant impact of the decrease in net sales.
Net sales
18,204
Outlook for Fiscal 2021
In addition to ongoing activities to obtain orders for conventional products, we will focus our efforts on increasing orders received for products/parts for electric vehicles (EVs, HEVs, PHEVs and FCVs) and enhancing competitiveness in the growing market of the China region. We will also generate orders by reinforcing sales promotions for structural components through initiatives to capture customer needs and promote technology development.
Share of parts for electric vehicles in net sales
Enhancing sales activities to increase orders for parts for electric vehicles
  Segment (2,719) income/loss
Net sales Segment
8,610
income/loss (323)
 16
AHRESTY REPORT 2021 17
Japan
North America
Asia
FY2020
Net sales 7,603
Segment
income/loss (959)
FY2019
For electric vehicles 9%
For non-electric vehicles 91%
FY2020
For electric vehicles 11%
For non-electric vehicles 89%
FY2025 (forecast)
For electric vehicles 30%
For non-electric vehicles 70%
1st Half
* The Mexico Plant in the North America segment and two plants in China in the Asia segment settle their accounts in December.
Initiatives for 1921 Medium-Term Management
Plan Policies and Strategies ※電動車(EV・HEV・PHEV・FCV) Based on our pillar policy of securing sales mainly of BMSE parts, Ahresty has carried out various initiatives, including planning/imple- menting optimal product groups and sales strategies tailored to each region and customer. In fiscal 2020, with the rise in environmental awareness, environmental regulations were tightened in many countries and car manufacturers both inside and outside Japan an- nounced a shift to electrification. In response to this trend, Ahresty enhanced its sales activities to increase orders for parts for electric vehicles, and we began mass production of parts for electric vehicles
both inside and outside Japan.
Specifically, we started mass production of converter cases/reac-
tor cooler cases (casting: Tokai Plant, processing: Ahresty Pretech,
die: Ahresty Die Mold Hamamatsu) for the new MIRAI, which we
have jointly developed with Toyota Motor Corporation since 2015. Overseas, our North America site (Ahresty Wilmington Corporation) started mass production of its first parts for electric vehicles (in- verter cases/converter cases) in June 2020. They are installed in
the Toyota new Sienna (HEV) and the Ford Mustang Mach-E (EV)
and sales of these vehicles have started. In fiscal 2021, we will con-
tinue to launch mass production of parts for electric vehicles at our plants both inside and outside Japan. Ahresty will continue to pro-
mote sales, with the aim of “contributing to reducing the weight of vehicles.”
* Electric vehicles: EVs, HEVs, PHEVs and FCVs
2nd Half
Full year
      Electric vehicle models with our products
[HEV] XV (SUBARU)
Engine block, motor case, main case, extension, etc. Total 6 parts
[HEV] VEZEL(HONDA)
TM side cover, PCU cover, PCU case, etc. Total 9 parts
[HEV] FIT(HONDA)
TM side cover, PCU cover, PCU case, etc. Total 7 parts
[HEV] YARIS/YARIS CROSS (TOYOTA)
Crankcase, base plate
[PHEV] OUTLANDER (MITSUBISHI)
Front frame, generator frame
[PHEV] ECLIPSE CROSS (MITSUBISHI)
Ladder frame, chain case
[PHEV] RAV4 PHV (TOYOTA)
Inverter case, converter case
[EV] Mustang Mach-E (FORD)
Inverter case
[FCV] MIRAI (TOYOTA)
Converter case, reactor cooler case
[FCV] CLARITY (HONDA)
VCU case, PCU case
 
Further developing production know-how to create unrivaled
alloy plants
Further develop MONOZUKURI technologies by employing accumulated knowledge and data to improve productivity and earnings.
Business Environment and Market Conditions
In fiscal 2020, the Japanese economy slowed down significantly with the impact of the novel coronavirus “COVID-19” pandemic. Al- though signs of recovery have been seen, the state of the economy remained below that before the pandemic with demand for alumi- num alloy ingots declining along with the reduced production by Jap- anese auto manufacturers. Although some businesses are showing a recovery trend, several factors, including shortages of semicon- ductors and containers and the condition of the aluminum market, are still making the future outlook for demand uncertain.
Results for Fiscal 2020
Although the aluminum business was on a recovery track in the sec- ond half, sales weight for the full year decreased by 9.9% year on year, receiving a significant impact from the decrease in car produc- tion resulting from the spread of COVID-19 infection. As a result, net sales decreased 12.8% year on year to ¥3,483 million. On the profitability front, segment profit decreased 80.3% year on year to ¥33 million chiefly from the impact of the decrease in net sales.
Initiatives for 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan Policies and Strategies
Under the basic policy of “Winning absolute customers’ trust 2025” in the Ahresty 10-Year Vision, our Kumagaya Plant has been working to improve productivity and reduce costs in manufacturing ingots. With the goal of “improving productivity by employing optimal al- loy production plans and melting methods,” we have advanced im- provements since fiscal 2019 in such matters as the number of times alloying is conducted, yield error, and melting speed, according to the KPIs set for each of them. In fiscal 2021, the final year of the Medium-Term Management Plan, we will accelerate our efforts to- ward achieving our targets. In particular, we will push forward with our initiative to improve fuel efficiency by raising energy efficiency in the alloy production processes in line with our efforts to com- plete our SDGs priority task (7): “Reducing the use of fossil fuels by improving production efficiency” to protect the environment and resolve related social issues. We will make continuous efforts to ensure that our alloy plants are unrivaled in MONOZUKURI under the safety-first principle.
Outlook for Fiscal 2021
Supply of secondary aluminum alloy generated by recycling scrap plays an important role in reducing the environmental burden. While the demand for secondary aluminum alloy has been growing in vari- ous industries with the rise in the public’s environmental awareness, it is associated with factors affecting market fluctuations, such as changes in price, an increase in imported ingots, and export of scrap. In fiscal 2021, we will continue to develop our technological know- how, which contributes to improving productivity and reducing costs, and work to establish a leaner structure that is capable of responding flexibly to changes in demand and that will not be affected by market conditions.

Aluminum is a valuable resource, which can be recycled and reused over and over again. At our Kumagaya plant, die casting products that have been produced in the die casting plant and finished their life on the market, come back to have their life renewed as new material. We have set specific environmental targets for our production activities to reduce the environmental impact of our manufacturing processes.

Keeping the No. 1 share in raised floor systems
for clean rooms in Japan for over 10 consecutive years! Promoting sales to expand sales in China and other Asian markets

Business Environment and Market Conditions
In fiscal 2020, the raised floor system (aluminum) market in Japan increased to 115% of the previous year. With almost no construc- tion work suspended or postponed due to the impact of COVID-19, the expansion of the market for data centers associated with the expansion of the use of automated driving and the spread of IoT, AI, 5G and other cloud services, and the increase in demand for clean rooms to enhance the supply system for semiconductors resulted in the expansion of the market. We forecast that demand for aluminum floor systems will continue to increase.
Results for Fiscal 2020
In the Proprietary Products business, net sales decreased 9.9% year on year to ¥2,345 million, mainly reflecting a decrease in orders for projects of the Company’s main customers, namely a clean room at a semiconductor production company and a data center at a telecom- munications company. On the profitability side, the segment profit increased 15.4% year on year to ¥320 million, chiefly due to reduc- tions in selling, general and administrative expenses.
Initiatives for 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan Policies and Strategies
In fiscal 2020, we developed new products targeting the Chinese market to enhance the lineup of products demanded by the market. We developed two new high-strength, high-performance products for clean rooms manufactured to Chinese market standards. Sales in the Chinese market began in April 2021. Our Hefei Plant will take the initiative in promoting sales of these products based on interdepartmental collaboration between manufacturing and sales. In Japan, on the other hand, we have focused efforts on enhancing our human resources. In fiscal 2021, we will further improve our skills in this field and aggressively approach new commercial distribution chains to expand sales channels.
Outlook for Fiscal 2021
In Japan, we will continue to promote sales mainly for clean rooms and data centers. Overseas, we will promote sales not only in the Chinese market but also in the Southeast Asian market.
We predict that markets both in Japan and overseas will be active in fiscal 2021. We will therefore make effective use of the production capacity and equipment for MOVAFLOR at our Hefei Plant in China and our Higashimatsuyama Plant to expand sales.

“MOVAFLOR” boasts a wide range of delivery records
Ahresty developed the first raised floor system, “MOVAFLOR”, in Japan in 1962 and has been devoted to the quality research and development of raised floor systems thereafter for nearly half a century. MOVAFLOR is delivered to all prefectures of Japan from Hokkaido to Okinawa Prefecture, and is widely used in clean rooms, data centers, factories, offices, etc. We are proud to hold the No. 1 market share for clean rooms in Japan for over 10 years. It has applied in the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building, Tokyo Sky Tree, Yokohama Landmark Tower, Kansai International Airport, etc.

Consolidated Financial Highlights
Sales /
Ratio of overseas sales
■Sales  Ratio of overseas sales 92,973million yen
(million yen)
80000 60000 40000 20000
Operating income / Operating income margin
■Operating income  Operating income margin
Net income /
Net income margin
■Net income  Net income margin (2,843)million yen
(million yen)
2000
/ 44.7% (%)
100 80 60 40 20
(2,554)million yen
(million yen)
2000 1000
-1000 -2000 -3000 -4000
/ (2.7)% (%)
/ (3.1)% (%)
   10 0000
10
-10 -20
1000
-1000
-2000 -10 -3000 -20 -4000
FY2019 FY2019 FY2020 FY2020 1st half 2nd half 1st half 2nd half
In the second half, in line with the recovery of operating income, net income returned to the black with a profit of 1,130 million yen, associated with a resumption of year-end dividend payments of 5 yen.
Net interest-bearing debts / Equity ratio
■Net interest-bearing debts  Equity ratio 33,672millionyen /41.9%
       00
 FY2019 FY2019 FY2020 FY2020 1st half 2nd half 1st half 2nd half
Despite a recovery in the second half, sales declined significantly from the previous year mainly from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and lockdowns.
Return on equity (ROE) / Return on assets (ROA)*1  Return on equity  Return on assets
FY2019 FY2019 FY2020 FY2020 1st half 2nd half 1st half 2nd half
(5.0)% /(2.2)%
8 250
(%) 400 50
Although an operating loss was recorded in the first half due to a decrease in net sales, recovery of sales in the second half and improvements in profitability from our efforts to raise productivity and cut costs resulted in a surplus.
Operating cash flow /
Free cash flow*2
■Operating cash flow  Free cash flow
 7,942millionyen /(3,627)millionyen (100 million yen)
   (%) 6
4 2 0
(100 million yen)
200 150 100
50
300 200 100
Cash and deposits on hand increased in response to the spread of COVID-19, which resulted in an increase in both interest-bearing debts and cash and deposits. Net interest-bearing debts increased by 4,100 million yen, with an equity ratio of 41.9% at the end of the fiscal year.
(As of March 31, 2021)
    40
30
   -2
-4
-6 020
0
-50
In response to a decrease in operating CF, utilization of idle facilities was actively promoted to reduce our capital investment, resulting in a decrease in investment CF. However, FCF for FY2020 turned out to be negative.
Distribution by type of shareholder
Financial instruments firms 4.0% Other institutions
   2017 2018 2019 2020 (Fiscal year)
Net loss was recorded mainly due to the substantial decrease in net sales, with ROE and ROA both falling negative.
Number of shares and shareholders
Authorized shares: 60,000,000 shares Issued shares: 26,076,717 shares Shareholders: 6,132
15.3%
26.8%
2017 2018 2019 2020 (Fiscal year)
2017 2018 2019 2020 (Fiscal year)
  20
12.3%
Foreign corporations, etc.
Individuals and others
41.6%
Financial institutions
*1 The Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting and relevant Guidelines have been applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. These accounting standards have been retroactively applied to the figures for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
*2 Free cash flow = Cash flows from operating activities – Cash flows from investing activities  High
Priority tasks
For Sustainable Growth
We believe that in order to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities and grow sustainably, it is important for Ahresty to address social issues through its business activities taking advantage of its strengths.
   Improve the energy consumption efficiency of vehicles by providing aluminum die-cast products
Contributing to electrification and weight reduction
Issues selected as having a big impact on Ahresty and Ahresty’s stakeholders to be addressed as priority goals
Issues to be promoted in daily work operations
  Monitoring tasks
Impact on Ahresty
High
Priority tasks
Monitoring tasks
 Ahresty’s priority tasks
Ahresty’s priority tasks are to achieve Goals 7 and 13 of the Sustain- able Development Goals (SDGs), the common goals of the interna- tional community decided at the UN Sustainable Development Sum- mit. After classifying the SDGs based on two criteria—their impact on stakeholders and their impact on Ahresty, with the approval of the Board of Directors in March 2020, we selected these two goals as our priority tasks that it is hoped will contribute significantly to solving social issues and that are also closely related to manufactur- ing aluminum die castings, Ahresty’s main business. Setting 2030 as the target year, we will work to “reduce the use of fossil fuels by im- proving energy efficiency, etc.” for Goal 7 and to “improve the energy consumption efficiency of vehicles by providing aluminum die-cast products” for Goal 13.
Deciding KPIs for priority tasks at the Sustain- ability Meeting
To win greater trust from its stakeholders by responding to their expectations and to achieve sustainable growth by solving social is- sues through its business activities, Ahresty has held Sustainability Meetings since fiscal 2020, chaired by the director in charge of Gen- eral Administrative Command and participated in by the heads of rel- evant committees and departments as members. In fiscal 2020, the first year, the meeting was held mainly to examine KPIs for Ahresty’s priority tasks. For the task of “reducing the use of fossil fuels by improving energy efficiency, etc.,” we will work to reduce energy consumption by promoting energy conservation measures and im- provements in productivity, and to improve energy efficiency in our production processes through energy conversion, using renewable energy and energy that generates less CO2. For the task of “improv- ing the energy consumption efficiency of vehicles by providing alu-
minum die-cast products,” we will support electrification and reduce the weight of vehicles to improve their fuel/electricity consumption efficiency by providing parts for electric vehicles (EVs, HEVs, PHEVs, and FCVs) and body and suspension-related parts, thereby contribut- ing to reducing CO2 emissions.
Vision for 2030
Increase our share of parts for electric vehicles
Improve energy efficiency in production processes
   Indicators for measured values (KPIs)
   Providing parts for electric vehicles (EVs, HEVs, PHEVs and FCVs)
 Providing parts for ZEVs (EVs and FCVs)
 Providing body and suspension-re- lated parts
     Reduction of ener- gy consumption
Indicators for measured values (KPIs)
  Reduce the use of fos- sil fuels by improving energy efficiency, etc.
Introducing energy conservation measures
 Making improvements in productivity
 Energy conversion
Use of renewable energy and energy that generates less CO2
  AHRESTY REPORT 2021 21

An environment-friendly company
In creating an environment-friendly company, Ahresty engages
in various initiatives to prevent pollution and save energy and resources in its manufacturing processes.
Ahresty Environmental Policy
1. We are aware that our activities of development, production, sales, and disposal are related to and influence the global environment, and we establish the environmental purpose, goal, and implementation plan, revise them as necessary, and constantly strive
for improvement in our environmental conservation activities.
2. We observe environmental regulations, rules, and agreements of federal and local governments, stakeholders etc.,
and establish our own standards within feasible technical and economical range, and strive for further environmental protection.
3. We give special priority to the following aspects and make effort to protect the environment and prevent pollution.
(1) We thoroughly manage and constantly improve the facilities and processes related to air pollution and water contamination. (2) We maintain a 100% recycle rate in regard to waste materials.
(3) We promote the reduction of the total amount of waste materials, the expansion of aluminum recycling business,
and contribute to recycling-oriented society.
(4) We aim to reduce CO2 emission, and are conscious of global warming.
(5) We aim to develop and design environmentally friendly products and commodities.
4. We constantly stimulate awareness for environmental issues among our employees with respect to environmental protection by means of providing training as well as internally communicating the policy.
5. We enhance a harmonious relationship with society by striving toward environmental conservation of the local community.
Raising environmental awareness
Ahresty hosts various educational events and communication activ- ities related to the environment to raise its employees’ environmen- tal awareness.
Ahresty Green Convention
Ahresty Green Convention is an assembly held under the Environ- mental Policy to report on improvements in a broad range of envi- ronment-related fields. Effective activities reported at the Conven- tion are introduced at other business sites and then disseminated throughout the Group, to help reduce the environmental impact and preserve the environment in local communities.
Cases of improvements reported at the 18th Ahresty Green Convention
Reduction of water consumption by replacing waste water treatment machines
Visualization of the amount of electricity and raising awareness of energy conservation
T6 heat treatment process Reduction of gas and electric power
Reduction of electricity consumed by holding furnaces
Reduction of energy consumption to match the produc- tion volume
Reduction of waste by promoting paperless drawings
Reduction of unit energy consumption
Reduction of waste materials
Reduction of the electric power consumed for melting in No.1 furnace
Towards “Carbon-Neutral”
A solar power generation system (4,997 m2 / 1380 panels / rated output 420 kW) introduced at Ahresty Pretech Tokai No.1 Plant has been in operation since March 2021. Ahresty will continue to pro- mote environment-friendly initiatives in manufacturing, including energy conversion.
Results of initiatives (plants in Japan)
  CO2 emissions*
The figures show the consump- tion of fuel and electric power after conversion to CO2 emis- sions. The line graph shows the CO2 emissions calculated using the conversion factors published by the electric power companies.
* At the six main plants in Japan
Unit CO2 emissions*
The basic CO2 emissions unit is calculated by dividing the CO2 emissions by the production weight, indicating the amount of CO2 emitted in producing 1 t.
* At the six main plants in Japan To evaluate the effects of CO2 emissions reduction activities, CO2 conversion factors are calculated based on past fixed value.
Discharged materials
Discharged materials shows all the materials discharged from business offices, in- cluding all valuable materials and waste, except steel and aluminum.
Water consumption
Water consumption shows the amount of clean water and groundwater consumed. Reduction in the use of water resources has been included in our targets since fiscal 2011.
Percentage of employees with an Ahresty eco License
Ahresty has established the Ahresty eco License, a unique internal examination system designed to improve its em- ployees’ awareness of the environment.
■Conversion factors: fixed values  Conversion factors: published values
(thousand t-CO2)
120 100 80 60 40 20 0
76.6
2020
(Fiscal year)
914.1
905.4
(年度)
2020
(Fiscal year)
1,248
2020
(Fiscal year)
212
2020
(Fiscal year)
87.0
2020
(Fiscal year)
    2016 2017 2018 2019
75.8
  ■Conversion factors: fixed values  Conversion factors: published values
     Environmental Targets and Results for plants in Japan in fiscal 2020
To reduce the environmental impact of our manufacturing processes, we have set specific en- vironmental targets for our production activities. In fiscal 2020, although we introduced various improvement activities, production volumes significantly decreased mainly due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the total amount in each management item decreased, but the per-unit figures worsened.
* Target achievement level: 1 (not achieved) < 5 (achieved)
Eliminate non-conforming external leaks and complaints.
Set targets for each site.
* Continue monitoring and improving the
recycling rate.
Set targets for each site.
* For overseas business sites, set a target
reduction of at least 1.0% over FY2019. * Continue monitoring and improving the energy consumption rate calculated by positively evaluating actions to reduce
the peak electricity demand.
Set targets for each site.
* For overseas business sites, set a target reduction of at least 1.0% over FY2019.
Set a target for the number of times each business site should organize social contri- bution activities related to the environment.
* Social contribution activities related to the environment refers to community clean-ups and preservation of Satoyama, socio-ecological production landscapes.
Introduce greening that improves the landscape at each site, in line with the Ahresty greening guidelines.
1,000 800 600 400 200 0
(t) 2,500
2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
2016
2016
2017
2017
2017
2018 2019
2018 2019
2018 2019
2018 2019
Location
Ahresty Pretech
Theme
(kg-CO2/Production weight t)
      Ahresty Techno Service
   Tokai Plant
   Ahresty Kumamoto
  Higashimatsuyama PlantEnvironmental category
Atmosphere, water quality, noise, etc.
Waste materials
Saving energy and natural resources
Environmental targets in 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan
FY 2020 targets
Prevent environmental problems such as Non-conforming external leaks were elim- atmospheric pollution, water contamina- Eliminate non-conforming external leaks inated. There were four non-conforming tion and noise pollution. and complaints. complaints about noise and vibration. Cor-
rective action was taken in all cases.
FY 2020 results
Evaluation*
1
2
2
FY 2021 targets
 Reduce the total amount of waste ma- Set targets for each site. The target was achieved at four out of the terials. * Continue monitoring and improving the 11 targeted business sites.
recycling rate.
     Reduce CO2 emissions to counter global warming.
Set targets for each site.
* For overseas business sites, set a target
reduction of at least 1.0% over FY2019. * Continue monitoring and improving the energy consumption rate calculated by positively evaluating actions to reduce
the peak electricity demand.
The target was achieved in two out of the 11 targeted business sites.
* The power coefficient is fixed.
         Reduce the consumption of water used Set targets for each site. The target was achieved in three out of
in processes * For overseas business sites, set a target the seven targeted business sites. reduction of at least 1.0% over FY2019.
2
     Other
Introduce social contribution activities.
Set a target for the number of times each business site should organize social contri- bution activities related to the environment.
* Social contribution activities related to the environment refers to community clean-ups and preservation of Satoyama, socio-ecological production landscapes.
Two of the 13 business sites met their targets.
* Activities were conducted after imple- menting measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 infection.
1
         Introduce greening that improves the Greening that improves the landscape
Increase greening of sites. landscape at each site, in line with the was increased or maintained at all sites, Ahresty greening guidelines. resulting in active communication both
inside and outside the company.
5   Ahresty Die Mold Group (Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi)  Ahresty Yamagata
  Kumagaya Plant
    Ahresty Tochigi
    (Thousand m3)
400 300 200 100
0
(%) 100
80 60 40 20
0
     2016
           
Improving Corporate Governance
Ahresty is making efforts to improve its corporate governance, thereby boosting profitability of the entire Ahresty Group and improving its management and capital efficiency and increasing its corporate value.

Ahresty believes that the basic policies of corporate governance should be to clarify its management responsibilities and account- ability to all its shareholders and other stakeholders and to estab- lish a management system capable of making decisions promptly with a high level of transparency. Ahresty also focuses its efforts on improving its internal control and risk management systems, and establishing a management system capable of supervising the busi- ness activities of the entire Group.
Since it became a company with an audit and supervisory commit- tee in 2015, Ahresty has implemented various initiatives to enhance its corporate governance, including introducing a restricted stock compensation plan and evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors (questionnaire survey) in 2018, setting up the Nomination and Compensation Committee in 2019 to discuss the appointment/ dismissal of directors, their remunerations, and requirements for di- rector candidates, and replacing the chairperson of the Committee with an Independent Director in 2021. Our basic policy on return of profits to shareholders is to provide appropriate returns while bol- stering the financial structure and management base for business development in the medium and long terms. We were sorry that we did not pay an interim dividend for the first half of fiscal 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which was associated with rapid changes in our external circumstances. However, in response to the recov- ery in the second half, we were able to pay a year-end dividend of 5 yen per share. We will work to increase returns to shareholders through enhancing the company’s structure by improving productiv- ity and establishing lean production systems, creating cash flows by formulating business strategies to continue to grow our share of the electrification market, and proper management of cash flows by making efficient investments, etc.
Analysis and evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Analysis and evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
At the Board of Directors meetings, active discussions are held on management strategies, corporate governance, capital investment and various other management issues and business execution, while opinions are exchanged with Independent Directors. In fiscal 2020, 14 meetings of the Board of Directors (excluding one meeting with a written resolution) were held. Ahresty evaluates the effectiveness of its Board of Directors to reinforce its supervising function and increase its effectiveness. The role of the Board of Directors is con- stantly discussed in view of changes in the business environment and expansion of our global business, and a questionnaire survey has been introduced to enable the directors themselves to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. In the survey conducted in January 2021, the evaluation improved from the previous survey (conducted in fiscal 2019). Among the items in the questionnaire were “training of newly appointed directors,” “updating manage- ment/business strategies,” “actively introducing external per- spectives” and “periodically reviewing the quality and quantity of information” in the “monitoring performance” category. Recognizing these issues, we will work to make improvements in them.
Items in the self-evaluation questionnaire for the Board of Directors (excerpts)
Proper composition of members Proper proposals
Free and vigorous discussions Training of newly appointed directors
Provision of information on internal and external business environments
Allowing sufficient time for deliberation Updating management/business strategies
Performance indicators
Actively introducing external perspectives Periodically reviewing the quality and quantity of information
Evaluation results and future initiatives
The evaluation concluded that the composition of the Board of Directors was appropriate and that its effectiveness was ensured, and active discussions were held mainly on the Medi- um-Term Management Plan and other manage- ment strategies. Improvement plans have been formulated and implemented.
• Review information regarding management and business strategies and performance monitoring
• Actively introduce external perspectives. • Improve training for directors.
Executive remuneration under the restricted stock compensation plan
Ahresty introduced a restricted stock compensation plan in FY2018 to (i) provide executives with an incentive to continuously improve the corporate value of Ahresty, (ii) facilitate their sense of shared values with shareholders and (iii) establish greater linkage with medium- to long-term performance goals. The restricted stock com- pensation plan consists of performance-linked shares with transfer restrictions, which are subject to Ahresty achieving its medium- to long-term performance goals, and work-continuation-linked shares with transfer restrictions subject to continuous service as directors of Ahresty over a certain period of time. The performance-linked type has also been introduced for Executive Officers, to enhance the linkage between contribution to Group-wide performance and compensation. Under the restricted stock compensation plan, a cer- tain amount of the restricted stock is designed to reflect the degree to which the medium-term management plans are attained, per- formance results and other factors. Ahresty will strive to improve its performance results and promote further value sharing with its shareholders from the medium- to long-term perspectives.
Risk management
The basis of Ahresty’s risk management is to avoid risks that may seriously affect its business management and address any risks that arise, promptly and properly in a manner that will not undermine the safety, health or interests of any stakeholder so as to achieve a quick recovery while working to protect its management resources and minimize any damage from the risk, thereby ensuring continuity of its business management. Based on its Risk Management Reg- ulations established for risks associated with business activities, Ahresty identifies, analyzes and evaluates risks regularly in light of the environment and trends both inside and outside the Company, holds discussions on priority activities and their aims, and checks improvements to risk management systems and frameworks for the entire Group.
Identifying and responding to risks
Ahresty selected 11 risk items as its risk management items for fiscal 2020 and appointed departments to be responsible for each risk. These included “transactions and compliance,” “disasters,” and “products and services.” By clarifying the degree of impact and causes of each risk, Ahresty has been working to enhance preven- tion, initial response and measures for recovery.
FY2020 risk management items and initiatives to enhance responses (excerpts)
Formulated guidelines for responses to ty- phoons and heavy rain and implemented measures against disasters, such as the introduction of emergency communication devices.
Based on the belief that preventing harass- ment and maintaining a sound workplace environment is part of its social responsi- bility, Ahresty has established a code of conduct and action guidelines for preven- tion while providing internal training for all employees, to eliminate harassment in all workplaces.
Established internal rules, strengthened management of information devices, and limited access to information, thereby pre- venting leakage of information due to inter- nal fraud or external cyberattacks, etc.
Risk management
The basis of Ahresty’s risk management is to avoid risks that may seriously affect its business management and address any risks that arise, promptly and properly in a manner that will not undermine the safety, health or interests of any stakeholder so as to achieve a quick recovery while working to protect its management resources and minimize any damage from the risk, thereby ensuring continuity of its business management. Based on its Risk Management Reg- ulations established for risks associated with business activities, Ahresty identifies, analyzes and evaluates risks regularly in light of the environment and trends both inside and outside the Company, holds discussions on priority activities and their aims, and checks improvements to risk management systems and frameworks for the entire Group.
Identifying and responding to risks
Ahresty selected 11 risk items as its risk management items for fiscal 2020 and appointed departments to be responsible for each risk. These included “transactions and compliance,” “disasters,” and “products and services.” By clarifying the degree of impact and causes of each risk, Ahresty has been working to enhance preven- tion, initial response and measures for recovery.
FY2020 risk management items and initiatives to enhance responses (excerpts)
Formulated guidelines for responses to ty- phoons and heavy rain and implemented measures against disasters, such as the introduction of emergency communication devices.
Based on the belief that preventing harass- ment and maintaining a sound workplace environment is part of its social responsi- bility, Ahresty has established a code of conduct and action guidelines for preven- tion while providing internal training for all employees, to eliminate harassment in all workplaces.
Established internal rules, strengthened management of information devices, and limited access to information, thereby pre- venting leakage of information due to inter- nal fraud or external cyberattacks, etc.

Development of a corporate culture in which employees can observe their personal development and find their work rewarding
Ahresty is committed to developing a safe and comfortable corporate culture in which each employee can grow through their work while being in good health both mentally and physically, and have pride and motivation in their work and workplace.
Occupational Safety and Health Policy
Top Management’s Commitment
Top management will establish occupational safety and health management systems to develop and maintain a working environment where all associates at the Ahresty Group can work without risk to health and safety.
Top management will also establish a Safety & Health Management Committee at each site, which reflects associate feedback to the systems to promote continual improvement.
Our Declaration
We at Ahresty will:
1.Work with Ahresty Safety Awareness in mind;
2.Work toward occupational safety and health goals to achieve a healthy workplace with
zero accidents;
3.Comply with occupational safety and health requirements, such as national and local
laws and regulations; and
4.Strive to develop a safety working environment and raise safety awareness through in-
volvement in occupational safety and health activities, such as risk assessment, educa- tion and training, HHK and KY activities.
Health and productivity management
Ahresty conducts its corporate activities under its Corporate Philos- ophy “Let us take pride in our work, respect theory and experimen- tation, value originality and invention and offer superior products and service to our customers,” and the 10-Year Vision formulated in 2015 of “Winning absolute customers’ trust 2025.” We are working to offer superior products that meet expectations and services that satisfy customers’ needs. To win the absolute trust of our custom- ers, a daily blending of theory and experimentation, and originality and invention is necessary. And we believe that all of these can be achieved if each of our employees takes pride in their work.
For the health of employees and their families, Ahresty positions promotion and maintenance of the health of employees as one of its important management tasks and has introduced “health and pro- ductivity management*.”
* The term “health and productivity management” is a registered trademark of the Nonprofit Organization Kenkokeiei.
Promoting Diversity & Inclusion
Creating a workplace where diverse human resources can play active roles
Supporting participation of women
At Ahresty, all female employees may take maternity leave before and after childbirth and child care leave. Male employees are also encouraged to take childcare leave. To support female employees in playing an active role throughout the different stages of their lives, Ahresty is working to establish an environment in which employees feel comfortable in taking maternity and childcare leave, and which allows them to work reduced hours after their leave until their chil- dren are in the third year of elementary school, helping them balance childcare and work. Ahresty has also introduced various other pro- grams to promote flexible workstyles, including a flextime program, teleworking (home working), and a nursing care leave system.
Employing persons with disabilities
On October 1, 2020, Ahresty established Ahresty Inclusive Service Corporation, a shared service company, to improve the efficiency of administrative operations with the Group. The company is mainly in charge of personnel and labor affairs, such as salary calculation, employee stock ownership association, retirement benefits, and cor- porate pensions. All staff members, including six handicapped em- ployees, play active roles appropriate to their respective aptitudes. Ahresty Inclusive Service will continue to promote recruitment and training of employees with disabilities and provide them with work that can make them motivated and place where they can work pleas- antly, creating workplaces in which many different kinds of people are working.
* They took off their masks for a short time only for the photo shoot.
Active employment of seniors
Ahresty has a re-employment system for retired employees aged 60 or over and actively hires those who apply for the program. Making use of their abundant knowledge and know-how, experienced senior employees (skilled workers) train young or mid-career employees and teach them techniques and skills.
Re-employment rate of employees retiring at the age of 60
(%)
100 90.0
80 60 40 20
0 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
For higher quality and improved productivity Development of human resources that underpin our MONOZUKURI To achieve high manufacturing quality and productivity, Ahresty is committed to human resources development that follows its stra- tegic human resources plan (human resources roadmap) both inside and outside of Japan. The human resources roadmap is formulated for each Command to support their human resources development. In the MONOZUKURI (manufacturing) segment, training programs to develop specialists are offered to help improve the specialized capabilities of each job. In fiscal 2020, Ahresty standardized system diagrams and competency evaluation tables for each specialized job type to develop human resources with equal competency regardless of their job type or work location.
The training system consists of common education programs for all employees and specialized education programs designed to teach a range of professional skills, allowing employees to receive training of the same quality at all sites. Moreover, we organize a Productivity Improvement Report Meeting as a forum to learn and exercise the statistical techniques and management technologies necessary for the use of Ahresty’s proprietary technologies. We train team leaders of our manufacturing processes to be G/E Trainers who have ac- quired the skills necessary to analyze the current situation and find concrete solutions to problems and to offer guidance and instruc- tion to their team. We also hold a Global Kaizen Meeting, where engineers from all bases gather together to exchange technologies and mutually improve their skills through the presentation of Kaizen cases and group discussions. Through these programs and events, Ahresty works to develop human resources who support its manu- facturing in various ways.

Corporate Information
Corporate Profile
Directors
President, CEO
Arata Takahashi
Representative Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer Junji Ito
Representative Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer Shinichi Takahashi
Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer Naoyuki Kaneta
Director, Managing Executive Officer Shinichi Gamou
Director
(Audit & Supervisory
Committee member)
Kazuyuki Sakai
Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officer
Koji Arai
Executive Officer
Tsuruo Tsuji
Executive Officer
Hideki Nariya
Executive Officer
Satoshi Tagai
Executive Officer
Koichi Asai
Executive Officer
Yasutaka Oshima
Executive Officer
Kenichiro Mine
Ahresty in numbersHere is an overview of the Ahresty Group.
For more detailed information, please visit our website.
Founded
 Global network
June 1938 / 83rd year (Japan) 14sites (Overseas) 8sites in 5countries
 Ahresty
 Die cast machines owned: over 200units Including 4,000t machines, the largest class in Japan Workers at Ahresty
 Consolidated 6,124 employees Non-consolidated 873
●Averageage43yearsold ●Male/femaleratio87.6%:12.4% ● Percentage of female employees taking maternity
Group
leave before and after childbirth and child care leave 100% ● Average monthly overtime hours 4 hours 40 min.
(Overseas: 3,888 people, 63.4%)
Re-employment rate of employees retiring at the age of 60 90.0% * Figures other than the number of Group employees and percentage of
overseas employees are nonconsolidated data.
●
 Annual sales
Proprietary Products Business
92.9
(Previous year: 120.5 billion yen)
Aluminum 3.4 billion yen
(MOVAFLOR) 2.3billion yen
 billion yen
Die Casting in Asia 19.9 billion yen
Die Casting in North America
21.6 billion yen
45.5billion yen
Die Casting in Japan
  Number of auto parts produced annually
Approx. 31,670,000 (Previous year: 40,300,000 )
MOVAFLOR annual total floor area
66,491m2
Top market share for clean rooms in Japan! ( 50.2%)
Water consumption
 Environment * Data of business sites in Japan CO2emissions
Discharged materials
84,934 Year-on-year (down 20,113 t-CO2)
1,248 Year-on-year (down 237 t)
211,795
t-CO
t
m
2
3 Year-on-year (down 67,124 m3)
Company name Capital Founded Established Employees
Ahresty Corporation ¥6,964 Million
June 22, 1938 November 2, 1943 Consolidated : 6,124 Single Entity : 873
Independent Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee member) Akihiko Shido
Independent Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee member) Shuhei Shiozawa
Independent Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee member) Akiyoshi Mori
Independent Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee member) Shuichi Asakuno
Sites Information
[ Japan ]
Head Office and Technical Center
Product Design, Research and Development ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Tokyo Head Office
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Tokai Plant
Die Casting
ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Higashimatsuyama Plant
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Kumagaya Plant
Aluminum Alloy Ingots Production ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Tochigi Corporation
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Ahresty Kumamoto Corporation
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Ahresty Yamagata Corporation
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
[ USA ]
  Ahresty Die Mold Hamamatsu Corporation
Die Casting Dies
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi Corporation
Die Casting Dies
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Die Mold Kumamoto Corporation
Die Casting Dies
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Pretech Corporation
Machining and Part Assembling of Die Cast Products ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Ahresty Techno Service Corporation
Manufacture and Sales of Peripheral Equipment for Die Cast Production
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Inclusive Service Corporation
Personnel and labor related office work
Ahresty Wilmington Corporation
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
[ Mexico ]
Ahresty Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling, Die Casting Dies ISO 14001 / ISO 45001 / IATF 16949
[ China ]
Guangzhou Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd.
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / ISO 45001 / IATF 16949
Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd.
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling, Raised Floor Production
ISO 14001 / ISO 45001 / IATF 16949
Ahresty Precision Die Mold (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
Die Casting Dies ISO 9001
[ India ]
Ahresty India Private Limited
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / ISO 45001 / IATF 16949
[ Thai ]
Thai Ahresty Die Co., Ltd.
Die Casting Dies ISO 9001
Thai Ahresty Engineering Co., Ltd.
Design of Die Castings, Die Casting Dies and 3D Modeling
 
Ahresty Report 2021
32
 Financial Section
Contents
Overview of Business Performance 33
Consolidated Balance Sheets 35
Consolidated Statements of Income and
Statements of Comprehensive Income 37
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 39 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 41 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 42
         
33
Overview of Business Performance
Ahresty Report 2021
34
Results of Operations
During the consolidated fiscal year under review, the world economy slowed down significantly due to the impact of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic. Although China resumed their economic activities early and began to show signs of recovery, the United States and Europe suffered from the re-expansion of infections and lockdowns halfway through their economic recovery. In Japan, the economy was severely affected by the novel coronavirus pandemic and deteriorated significantly, suffering a decrease in domestic demand and a slowdown in exports resulting from sluggish economic activities. Although economic activities have been recovering gradually after bottoming out in the first quarter, the future outlook still remains uncertain with factors such as the re-expansion of COVID-19 infections and the shortage of semiconductors, which may affect car production. In response to these rapid changes in the market environment, the Ahresty Group, while implementing measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in accordance with local regulations of each country or region, took various emergency actions, such as full or partial suspension of operation and revision of work shifts to adjust production systems in line with the substantial decrease in sales volume, utilization of idle internal facilities to reduce capital investment, and the prohibition in principle of business trips and the promotion of web conferencing to reduce costs. In response to the resumption of economic activities in many countries, though the pace of recovery in car sales varies among countries and customers, production of the Group has been on a recovery trend after bottoming out in the first quarter.
As a result, the Group recorded consolidated net sales of ¥92,973 million (down 22.9% year on year), operating loss of ¥2,554 million (as opposed to operating income of ¥764 million for the previous year), recurring loss of ¥2,094 million (as opposed to recurring income of ¥406 million for the previous year) and net loss attributable to owners of parent of ¥2,843 million (as opposed to net income attributable to owners of parent of ¥685 million in the previous year).
Although many uncertainties remain in the business environment, the Ahresty Group will accelerate measures based on its 1921 Medium-term Management Plan, which we have promoted since fiscal 2019, to improve profitability and enhance our corporate structure by cutting costs and raising productivity.
Consolidated performance for year ended March 2021 (April 1, 2020–March 31, 2021) (Amounts of less than 1 million yen are rounded off)
(1) Consolidated Operating Results
Net sales million yen %
120,577 (17.1)
Net income per share
Operating income
million yen % million yen
764 (76.3) 406
Net income attributable to owners of parent
million yen % (685) –
(% shows change from previous term)
Recurring income %
 Year ended March 2021
92,973
(22.9)
(2,554)
–
(2,094)
–
(2,843)
–
 Year ended March 2020
(86.0)
 Fully diluted net income per share
Return on equity
Return on total assets
Operating profit on sales
 Year ended March 2021
(111.06)
–
(5.0)
(1.6)
(2.7)
 Year ended March 2020
yen yen % % %
(1.2) 0.3 0.6
(26.77) –     Year ended March 2021: (1,788) million yen (–%)
     Note: Comprehensive income
    Year ended March 2020: (3,175) million yen (–%)
For reference: EBITDA
Year ended March 2021: 10,346 million yen (-31.4%)
Year ended March 2020: 15,093 million yen (-21.5%)
* EBITDA = operating income + depreciation and amortization
Investment gain or loss under equity method Year ended March 2021: – million yen
Year ended March 2020: – million yen
(2) Consolidated Financial Position
Year ended March 2020
Total assets
million yen 123,054
Net assets
million yen 57,364
Equity ratio
% 46.5
Cash flows from financing activities
million yen 2,162
Net assets per share
yen 2,244.49
Year-end balance of cash and cash equivalents
million yen 3,732
  Year ended March 2021
 132,223
 55,631
 41.9
 2,161.08
   For reference: Shareholders’ equity
Year ended March 2021: 55,467 million yen
Year ended March 2020: 57,177 million yen
(3) Consolidated Cash Flows
Year ended March 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
million yen 16,474
Cash flows from investing activities
million yen (17,691)
  Year ended March 2021
 7,942
 (11,570)
 11,940
 12,249
   Outlook for fiscal year ending March 2022
Although COVID-19 mutated variants have been rapidly spreading, there are expectations for recovery along with the progress in vaccination. However, the uncertainty in the world economy is likely to continue due chiefly to the impact of US-China trade friction and the shortage of semiconductors on car production.
As for the business environment surrounding the Company, we are likely to be affected by the soaring aluminum prices and the reduction in car production due to the shortage of semiconductors in the first half. In the second half, while economic activities are expected to gradually return to normal, there are concerns about the re-expansion or prolongation of COVID-19 inside or outside Japan, making the outlook for recovery in demand remain uncertain.
The Ahresty Group will continue its Group-wide efforts to prevent infection while working to further reform our production systems, control capital investment, reduce costs, and implement other necessary measures to improve profitability.
Under these circumstances, our forecasts for consolidated business results for the year ending March 2022 are as follows. Incidentally, our foreign exchange assumptions are: 105.0 yen to the USD, 15.0 yen to the CNY, 1.45 yen to the INR, and 20.0 Mexican pesos to the USD*.
*Our consolidated subsidiary in Mexico adopts the U.S. dollar as its functional currency. However, tax expenses of the Mexican subsidiary are calculated based on the Mexican peso, and therefore influenced by the MXN/USD exchange rate.
Net sales
92,973 18.3
Operating income Recurring income
(Millions of Yen)
Net income attributable to owners of parent
(2,843) –
 Year ending March 2022 forecasts
 110,000
 1,800
 1,600
 600
 Year ended March 2021 results Percentage change (%)
Segment
Die Casting in North America
Aluminum
Elimination of intersegment transactions
(2,554) –
(2,094) –
Difference
17,026
4,354
3,694
3,443
 Year ended March 2021
21,628 3,483 –
Year ending March 2022
28,700 4,500 –
Year ended March 2021
94 33 87
Year ending March 2022
1,100 200 –
Net sales
(Millions of Yen) Segment profit
  Die Casting in Japan
 45,584
 50,000
 (2,491)
 0
 Die Casting in Asia
19,931
24,100
(598)
300
Proprietary Products
2,345
2,700
320
200
Total
 92,973
 110,000
 (2,554)
 1,800
     
35
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 Note:The translations of yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥106.17 to $1.00, the average exchange rate during period. U.S. dollar figures less than a thousand dollars are rounded down to the nearest thousand dollars.
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Cash and time deposits
Electronically recorded monetary claims – operating
Partly finished goods
Others 1,385
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2021)
¥12,249 2,431 3,673 1,062 45,384
(17,750) 137,500 37,254
(43,211) 5,615 (445) 12,295 1,872 4,346 756 7,677 ¥132,223
(Assets)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2021)
$115,373 22,898 34,602 10,007 427,466
(167,184) 1,295,092 350,896
(406,998) 52,888 (4,193) 115,812 17,632 40,934 7,125 72,310 $1,245,397
  Current assets
  ¥4,167 2,398 3,603
Trade notes and accounts receivable
17,922
20,647
194,479
 Merchandise and products
3,115
3,026
28,505
Raw materials and inventories
2,810
2,453
23,112
Allowance for doubtful accounts
 (154)
(160)
(1,512)
 Total current assets
Tangible fixed assets
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
35,247
(16,698) 134,597 38,944
  Fixed assets
Buildings and structures
31,565
31,983
301,244
Buildings and structures, net
14,867
14,233
134,060
Machinery and delivery equipment
Machinery and delivery equipment, net Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
(95,652)
(100,245)
(944,196)
Tools, furniture and fixtures
50,214
50,535
475,986
(42,384) 5,622 (303) 12,384 2,032 2,568 Others 553 Total investments and other assets 5,380 Total assets ¥123,054
Tools, furniture and fixtures, net
7,830
7,324
68,988
Land
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
Lease assets
1,046
1,012
9,535
Lease assets, net
742
567
5,342
Construction in progress
Intangible fixed assets
Investment securities
*1
 Total tangible fixed assets
 80,392
77,290
 727,987
  Investments and other assets
 Deferred tax assets
2,280
2,596
24,456
Allowance for doubtful accounts
 (21)
(21)
(206)
  Total fixed assets
 87,806
86,839
 817,930
   (Liabilities)
Notes and accounts payable Short-term loans
Accrued income taxes
Provision for product warranties Total current liabilities Long-term loans
Deferred tax liabilities
Others
Total liabilities (Net assets)
Common stock
Retained earnings
Total shareholders’ equity
Difference on revaluation of other marketable securities Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share warrants
Total liabilities and net assets
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
¥9,284 10,273 304 46 43,390 15,672 2,434 1,154 65,689
6,964 38,806 55,564
926 (360) 187
¥123,054
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2021)
¥9,458 19,232 279 78 50,739 18,623 3,051 1,079 76,591
6,964 35,909 52,801
2,146 (462) 164
¥132,223
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2021)
$89,091 181,150 2,630 738 477,910 175,410 28,738 10,170 721,407
65,594 338,223 497,327
20,217 (4,357) 1,547
$1,245,397
   Current liabilities
    Electronically recorded obligations – operating
5,994
4,677
44,052
Current portion of long-term loans
7,750
8,065
75,970
Bonus allowances
1,848
1,573
14,820
Others
 7,889
 7,374
 69,456
  Long-term liabilities
   Long-term accounts payable
327
238
2,249
Net defined benefit liability
2,709
2,858
26,928
 Total long-term liabilities
  22,298
  25,852
  243,497
     Shareholders’ equity
Additional paid-in capital
10,206
10,206
96,129
Treasury stock
 (412)
 (278)
 (2,619)
  Other accumulated comprehensive income
   Foreign currency translation adjustments
1,047
982
9,254
 Total other accumulated comprehensive income
  1,612
  2,666
  25,114
  Total net assets
  57,364
  55,631
  523,989
       Ahresty Report 2021
  36

37
Consolidated Statements of Income and Statements of Comprehensive Income
Ahresty Report 2021
38
(Consolidated Statements of Income )
Cost of goods sold
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Salaries and bonuses
Provision for bonuses
Research and development expenses
Total selling, general and administrative expenses
Non-operating income
Dividends received
Employment adjustment subsidies Total non-operating income Interest expenses
Others
Recurring income (or loss)
Gain on sales of fixed assets
Subsidy income
Total extraordinary gains
Loss on sales of fixed assets
Loss on revision of retirement benefit plan Total extraordinary losses
Income taxes and enterprise taxes
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021)
813,817
28,566 2,688 4,778
85,946
718 8,488 11,494 4,478 757
(19,732) 139 1,369 1,514 2,055 – 8,449 2,156 111
$(26,779)
 Previous consolidated fiscal year
(April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021)
 Net sales
¥120,577
92,973
 $875,705
 *1
*2
108,536 86,402
3,401 3,032 324 285 550 507
11,276 9,124
114 76 – 901 409 1,220 462 475 101 80
406 (2,094) 23 14 347 145 577 160 266 218 71 – 398 897 754 228 1,271 11
¥(685) ¥(2,843)
 Gross profit
 12,040
6,570
 61,887
 Transportation expenses
1,720
1,501
14,137
Retirement benefit expenses
201
182
1,719
Depreciation and amortization
387
443
4,178
Other expenses
 4,691
3,172
29,877
  Operating income (or loss)
 764
(2,554)
 (24,058)
 Interest income
108
59
562
Gain on sales of scraps
97
85
807
Others
 87
97
916
  Non-operating expenses
 Foreign currency exchange loss
203
205
1,931
 Total non-operating expenses
 766
761
 7,168
  Extraordinary gains
 *3
*4
Gain on sales of investment securities
54
0
6
Gain on revision of retirement benefit plan
 152
–
–
  Extraordinary losses
 Impairment loss
*5
60
88
836
Loss related to COVID-19
 –
590
5,558
  Income (loss) before income taxes and others
 586
(2,831)
 (26,667)
 Deferred income taxes
 516
(217)
(2,044)
 Total income taxes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
 Net income (loss)
 (685)
(2,843)
 (26,779)
   (Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income)
Other comprehensive income
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Total other comprehensive income * Comprehensive income attributable to: Non-controlling interests
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021)
(606) 9,928
$ –
 Previous consolidated fiscal year
(April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
(1,437) (2,490)
¥ –
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021)
(64) 1,054
¥ –
 Net income (loss)
 ¥(685)
¥(2,843)
 $(26,779)
  Difference on revaluation of other marketable securities
(1,089)
1,220
 11,495
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
 36
(101)
(959)
  Comprehensive income
(3,175)
(1,788)
 (16,850)
Owners of parent
(3,175)
(1,788)
(16,850)
      
39
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Ahresty Report 2021
40
Previous consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
(Millions of yen)
Total shareholders’ equity
(685)
62 (1,438)
(Millions of yen)
Total net assets
(685) 62
(3,928)
(Millions of yen)
Total shareholders’ equity
(2,843) 79
(2,763)
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year
¥6,964
¥10,206
¥40,071
¥(239)
¥57,002
 Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
Common stock
–
Additional paid-in capital
–
Shareholders’ equity Retained earnings
(685)
(64) (1,265)
Treasury stock
127 (172)
Share warrants
–
 Cash dividend from retained earnings
 (514)
(514)
Purchase of treasury stock
 (300)
(300)
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
  Balance at end of fiscal year
 ¥6,964
¥10,206
¥38,806
¥(412)
¥55,564
Other accumulated comprehensive income
Differenceon
securities
(1,089) (1,437)
revaluation of
other marketable adjustments
of defined benefit accumulated plans comprehensive
income
36 (2,490)
Shareholders’ equity Retained earnings
(2,843) (54)
(2,897)
Foreigncurrency Remeasurements Totalother
translation
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year
¥2,015
¥2,484
¥(397)
¥4,102
¥187
¥61,293
  Cash dividend from retained earnings
 (514)
Purchase of treasury stock
 (300)
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
 (1,089)
(1,437)
36
(2,490)
–
(2,490)
 Balance at end of fiscal year
 ¥926
¥1,047
¥(360)
¥1,612
¥187
¥57,364
Current consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021)
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year
¥6,964
¥10,206
¥38,806
¥(412)
¥55,564
 Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
Common stock Additional paid-in capital
– –
Treasury stock
133 133
 Cash dividend from retained earnings
 –
–
Purchase of treasury stock
 (0)
(0)
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
  Balance at end of fiscal year
 ¥6,964
¥10,206
¥35,909
¥(278)
¥52,801
Other accumulated comprehensive income
(Millions of yen)
Total net assets
(2,843) 79
(1,732)
Difference on revaluation of other
marketable adjustments securities
1,220 (64)
Total other accumulated comprehensive income
1,054
Foreign currency Remeasurements
of defined benefit plans
(101)
Share warrants
(23)
translation
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year
¥926
¥1,047
¥(360)
¥1,612
¥187
¥57,364
 Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
Cash dividend from retained earnings
–
Purchase of treasury stock
 (0)
Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
 1,220
(64)
(101)
1,054
(23)
1,030
 Balance at end of fiscal year
 2,146
982
(462)
2,666
164
55,631
Current consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
 Balance at beginning of current fiscal year
$65,594
$96,129
$365,514
$(3,880)
$523,357
 Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
Common stock
–
Additional paid-in capital
–
Shareholders’ equity Retained earnings
(26,779) (511)
(27,290)
Treasury stock
1,261 1,260
Total shareholders’ equity
(26,779) 749
(26,030)
 Cash dividend from retained earnings
 –
–
Purchase of treasury stock
 (0)
(0)
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
  Balance at end of current fiscal year
 $65,594
$96,129
$338,223
$(2,619)
$497,327
Other accumulated comprehensive income
Difference on Foreign revaluation of other currency
marketable translation securities adjustments
11,495 (606)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(959)
Total other accumulated comprehensive income
9,928
Share warrants
(219)
Total net assets
(26,779) 749
(16,320)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
 Balance at beginning of current fiscal year
$8,722
$9,861
$(3,397)
$15,186
$1,766
$540,310
  Cash dividend from retained earnings
 –
Purchase of treasury stock
 (0)
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
 11,495
(606)
(959)
9,928
(219)
9,709
 Balance at end of current fiscal year
 $20,217
$9,254
$(4,357)
$25,114
$1,547
$523,989
    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 41
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
 42
Millions of yen
Previous consolidated Consolidated fiscal fiscal year year under review
(April 1, 2019 through (April 1, 2020 through
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021)
(26,667) 836 286
(1,281) 1,914 (1,369) (8,488)
(24,099) (10,642) 8,890
(1,706) 2,039 (4,370) 9,657
4,040 138
(1,688)
(728,003) (78,462) (5)
112,464 80,220 115,373
  Cash flows from operating activities
  Income (loss) before income taxes and others Impairment loss
Increase (decrease) in provision for product warranties Interest and dividend income
Loss (gain) on sales and retirement of tangible fixed assets Subsidy income
Employment adjustment subsidies
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes and others Others
March 31, 2020) 586
60 (22) (223)
234 (347)
– 4,827
(3,284) (312)
157
165 (1,501)
531
1,078 120
(212)
(62,761) (10,503) (513)
2,162 831 3,732
March 31, 2021)
(2,831) 88
30 (136)
203 (145) (901)
(2,558) (1,129)
943 (181) 216 (463)
1,025
429 14
(179)
(77,292) (8,330) (0)
11,940 8,516 12,249
Depreciation and amortization
14,329
12,901
121,515
Increase (decrease) in bonus allowances
(279)
(273)
(2,573)
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability
(116)
48
454
Interest expenses
462
475
4,478
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
(54)
0
(6)
Loss (gain) on revision of retirement benefit plans
(80)
–
–
Loss related to COVID-19
–
590
5,558
Decrease (increase) in inventories
1,619
411
3,874
Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses
(383)
(74)
(697)
Increase (decrease) in long-term accounts payable - other
173
(88)
(836)
 Subtotal
 17,346
7,372
 69,440
 Interest and dividends received Income taxes paid
Proceeds from subsidy income
Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets Others
Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of short-term loans Repayment of long-term loans Dividends paid
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
※   
Interest paid
(431)
(476)
(4,491)
Income taxes refund
363
268
2,529
 Cash flows from operating activities
 16,474
7,942
 74,805
 Payments into time deposits
(462)
–
–
Purchase of tangible fixed assets
(18,374)
(11,835)
(111,478)
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
159
1
11
 Cash flows from investing activities
 (17,691)
(11,570)
 (108,976)
 Proceeds from short-term loans
67,362
86,297
812,826
Proceeds from long-term loans
9,094
11,536
108,661
Purchase of treasury stock
(300)
(0)
(0)
Others
 (215)
(270)
(2,550)
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 (113)
204
 1,927
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
 2,901
3,732
 35,153
   1. Scope of consolidation
(1) Consolidated subsidiaries consist of 15 companies: Ahresty Tochigi Corporation, Ahresty Kumamoto Corporation, Ahresty Yamagata Corporation, Ahresty Wilmington Corporation, Ahresty Techno Service Corporation, Ahresty Die Mold Hamamatsu Corporation, Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi Corporation, Ahresty Die Mold Kumamoto Corporation, Thai Ahresty Die Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd., Ahresty Pretech Corporation, Ahresty Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., Ahresty India Private Limited, Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. and Ahresty Precision Die Mold (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
(2) The main non-consolidated subsidiary: Thai Ahresty Engineering Co., Ltd., Ahresty Inclusive Service Corporation. It has been excluded from the scope of consolidation as they have no significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements in terms of total assets, sales, current term net profit or loss (in accordance to their equity), and retained earnings (in accordance to their equity).
2. Equity method affiliates
There are no main non-consolidated subsidiaries accounted for using the equity method. There are no affiliates. The equity method is not applied to investments in Thai Ahresty Engineering Co., Ltd. and Ahresty Inclusive Service Corporation among the non-consolidated subsidiaries, because the investments had only a slight influence on net income/loss (an amount in accordance with equity), retained earnings (an amount in accordance with equity), etc. and did not have sufficient importance overall.
3. Business years of consolidated subsidiaries
The closing date for consolidated subsidiaries was December 31 for Thai Ahresty Die Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd., Ahresty Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. and Ahresty Precision Die Mold (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
In order to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements, the financial statements used for these subsidiaries were as of their closing dates, except for important transactions that took place in the period before the consolidated closing date, which were adjusted as necessary for consolidation.
4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(1) Evaluation standards and evaluation methods for key assets
(a) Marketable securities
Other marketable securities
Securities with market value
Market value method based on the market price on the closing date (variance of estimate is treated with the total net assets input method and the cost of such securities sold is determined by the moving average method)
Securities without market value Moving average cost method
(b) Derivatives − market value method (c) Inventories
The Company and consolidated some subsidiaries evaluate according to cost method based primarily on the average method (the carrying value on the balance sheet is written down to reflect the effect of lower profit margins), while other consolidated subsidiaries evaluate according to lower of cost method based on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.
(2) Depreciation methods for important depreciable assets
(a) Tangible fixed assets (excluding lease assets)
Tangible fixed assets other than die casting mold that are included in tools, furniture and fixtures: Straight- line method
Die casting mold that are included in tools, furniture and fixtures: Mainly the production output method Main useful lives are as follows:
Buildings and structures: Between 2 years and 50 years Machinery and delivery equipment: Between 2 years and 20 years
   
43
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
44
Tools, furniture and fixtures (excluding die casting mold for which the production output method is
adopted): Between 2 years and 20 years
(b) Intangible fixed assets (excluding lease assets) − straight-line method
The straight-line method is employed for software used in-house, based on the availability period of five
years.
(c) Lease assets
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the assumption that the useful life equals
the lease term and the residual value equals zero.
(3) Standards for important allowances
(a) Allowances for doubtful accounts
To provide against doubtful accounts, the estimated amount of unrecoverable accounts is reported by employing the loan loss ratio for regular bonds. Recovery rates are calculated individually for specific doubtful accounts and bonds.
(b) Bonus allowances
In order to appropriate bonus payments for employees for the current fiscal year, the parent company and consolidated subsidiaries report this allowance based on projected payment figures.
(c) Allowance for product warranties
In preparation for expenses for charge-free repairs, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries record the provision based on estimates of different kinds of repairs and the ratio of the expenses to sales in the past.
(4) Accounting method for employees’ retirement benefits
(a) Period approximation method for the estimated amount of employees’ retirement benefits
For the calculation of employees’ retirement benefit liabilities, the Group has adopted fixed amount standards as a method of approximating the estimated amount of employees’ retirement benefits to the period up to the end of the consolidated fiscal year under review.
(b) Amortization methods for actuarial difference and prior service costs
Prior service costs are amortized based on the straight-line method over a specified period (10 years) within the average remaining service period of employees at the time when such costs are incurred.
Actuarial difference is amortized based on the straight-line method over a specified period (15 years) within the average remaining service period of employees at the time of its occurrence in each consolidated fiscal year, and it is allocated proportionately from the fiscal year following the respective fiscal year of its occurrence.
(5) Standard for recognizing revenue and expenses
Standard for recognizing revenue and costs associated with construction contracts
(a) Construction contracts for which benefits can be ascertained in relation to the completed portion at the end
of the fiscal year under review:
Percentage-of-completion method (percentage of completion based on cost incurred compared to the estimated total cost)
(b) Other construction: Completed contract method
(6) Currency conversion standards for key total assets or liabilities in foreign currencies
Cash, assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are converted into yen based on the spot exchange rate on the consolidated closing date, and the exchange difference is treated as profit or loss. Total assets and liabilities of consolidated subsidiaries overseas are converted into yen based on the spot exchange rate on the consolidated closing date. Income and expenses are converted into yen based on the average exchange rate during period, and the exchange difference is included in the net assets of the foreign currency translation adjustment.
(7) Hedge accounting
(a) Hedge accounting methods
The deferral hedge accounting method is applied. Foreign exchange contracts are appropriated when they meet the requirements for this method, and interest rate swaps are treated as exceptions when they meet the requirements for this method.
(b) Hedge measures and hedge targets
a. Hedge measures − interest rate swap
Hedge targets − long-term loans paid by variable interest rates
b. Hedge measures − foreign exchange contracts
Hedge targets − debts and credits in foreign currencies
(c) Hedge policies
For long-term loans paid at variable interest rates, derivatives trading is used to avoid the risk of variable interest rates. The interest rate swap provides against the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates at the time of import and export. The company’s accounting department conducts internal reviews in employing hedge methods.
(d) Methods for evaluating hedge effectiveness
The effectiveness of hedge transactions is evaluated by the degree of variability between the cumulative amount of either the hedge target market fluctuation or cash flow fluctuation and the cumulative amount of either the hedge means market fluctuation or cash flow fluctuation. However, the evaluation of effectiveness is omitted for interest rate swaps treated as exceptions.
(8) Depreciation method and period of goodwilll
Goodwill is depreciated by straight-line method over a period of five years. If the difference to be eliminated is
minor, it is depreciated as a lump sum in the consolidated fiscal year including the date of accrual.
(9) Scope of funds in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Cash on hand, deposits that can be withdrawn as necessary, and short-term investments that are easily convertible, have low risk of value fluctuation and are due for redemption within three months of the date of acquisition are included in the scope of funds.
(10) Other key considerations for creating the Consolidated Financial Statements
(a) Accounting procedures for consumption tax, etc.
Consumption tax and local consumption tax are treated by the tax exclusive method.
(b) Application of a consolidated taxation system
Since the beginning of the consolidated fiscal year under review, a consolidated taxation system has been applied to the Company and its domestic subsidiaries.
(c) Application of Tax Effect Accounting pertaining to transition from the consolidated taxation system to the group tax sharing system
Ahresty and its consolidated subsidiaries in Japan have calculated the amounts of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities according to the provisions of the tax acts before amended based on the treatment of Paragraph 3 of “Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting for the Transition from the Consolidated Taxation System to the Group Tax Sharing System” (ASBJ Practical Solutions No. 39, March 31, 2020), instead of applying the provision of Paragraph 44 of “Implementation Guidance on Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Guidance No. 28, February 16, 2018), regarding the transition to the group tax sharing system established in “Act for Partial Amendment of the Income Tax Act, etc.” (Act No. 8 of 2020) and items for which the non- consolidated taxation system has been reviewed in line with transition to the group tax sharing system.
(Notes on Important Accounting Estimates)
1. Impairment of assets related to Die Casting Business
(1) Amount recorded in consolidated financial statements for the consolidated fiscal year under review
The Group’s amount of tangible fixed assets recorded in consolidated financial statements for the consolidated fiscal year under review is 77,290 million yen, of which 76,979 million yen is tangible fixed assets owned by the plants of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries belonging to the Die Casting Business, accounting for 58.2% of total consolidated assets.
(2) Information on details of important accounting estimates concerning the identified item
Major tangible fixed assets owned by the Die Casting Business, a main business of the Ahresty Group, include casting machinery and equipment, processing machinery and equipment, and dies.
The Ahresty Group applies the Japanese accounting standards, the US accounting standards, or the International Financial Reporting Standards. If the recoverable amount, whichever is higher of the net realizable value or the use value of the asset group, is lower than the book value, the amount of difference is recognized as an impairment loss.
The performance of the Die Casting Business is significantly influenced by the market sales condition of automobiles in which the Ahresty Group’s major products are installed and their associated production volumes. Due to mainly a decrease in sales of car models equipped with our major products resulting from the recent
    
45
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
46
spread of the COVID-19 novel coronavirus infection, some plants that belong to the Die Casting Business segment continuously recorded operating losses, showing signs of impairment of assets. Therefore, an impairment test was conducted for each plant-based asset group.
As a result, for the consolidated fiscal year under review, as mentioned in Notes (related to Consolidated Statements of Income) *5 Impairment Losses, an impairment loss of 88 million yen was recognized at Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi Corporation, where the net realizable value is used as the recoverable value.
Future cash flows, which serve as the basis of the use value employed for recognition and measurement of impairment losses, are estimated according to a business plan formulated based on the future sales volume data, etc. that the Ahresty Group has obtained from each customer. And the net realizable value of the asset in question was calculated based on various kinds of information owned by the plants belonging to this business segment, using an external professional evaluation organization, etc.
For the use value, the best possible estimation for the moment has been made based on the assumption that, while economic recovery is expected along with progress in vaccination in the midst of the rapid spread of the COVID-19 mutant variants, the impact of reduction in car production due to a shortage of semiconductors in addition to the short-term impact of the soaring aluminum prices on profits will continue until around September 2021. The impact of the re-expansion of COVID-19, though its degree may vary among countries and regions, is likely to continue until about March 2022, and the situation will gradually recover from April 2022.
Please note that the assumption used for the above estimation is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. If the impact of the shortage of semiconductors or reduction in car production or the impact of the re-spread of the COVID-19 infection is prolonged, or any other change arises in preconditions or assumptions based on which the estimation was made, an impairment loss may be recognized in the subsequent consolidated fiscal year.
2. Recoverability of deferred tax assets
(1) Amount recorded in consolidated financial statements for the consolidated fiscal year under review
Deferred tax assets: 2,596 million yen
(2) Information on details of important accounting estimates concerning the identified item
The Ahresty Group applies the Japanese accounting standards, the US accounting standards, or the International Financial Reporting Standards. Deferred tax assets are recorded for the temporary difference between the accounting book value of assets or liabilities as of the end of the consolidated fiscal year under review and their amounts for taxation purpose and recorded for the deductible temporary difference with regard to losses and tax credits carried forward for which it has been determined that adequate taxable income can be estimated based on a future business plan and that recoverability is expected.
Since the recoverability of deferred tax assets depends on the future taxable income, for the estimation of collectable taxable income, the best possible estimation for the moment has been made based on the assumption that, while economic recovery is expected along with progress in vaccination in the midst of the rapid spread of the COVID-19 mutant variants, the impact of reduction in car production due to a shortage of semiconductors in addition to the short-term impact of the soaring aluminum prices on profits will continue until around September 2021. The impact of the re-expansion of COVID-19, though its degree may vary among countries and regions, is likely to continue until about March 2022, and the situation will gradually recover from April 2022.
Please note that the assumption used for the above estimation is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. If the impact of the shortage of semiconductors or reduction in car production or the impact of the re-spread of the COVID-19 infection is prolonged, or any other change arises in preconditions or assumptions based on which the estimation was made, the amount of deferred tax assets may be reduced and tax expenses may be recorded in the subsequent consolidated fiscal year.
(Unapplied accounting standards, etc.)
Of the accounting standards that were published before the end of the fiscal year under review, those which are not applied to the Group are as described below. A note on insignificant accounting standards is omitted.
1. The Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in Japan
“Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29 on March 30, 2020, Accounting Standards Board of Japan)
“Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30 on March 26, 2021, Accounting Standards Board of Japan)
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) in the United States have jointly developed comprehensive accounting standards for revenue recognition and published “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (IFRS 15 in IASB and Topic 606 in FASB) in May 2014. Given that IFRS 15 and Topic 606 are applied from the fiscal year that begins on or after January 1, 2018 and the fiscal year that begins on or after December 15, 2017, respectively, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) has developed comprehensive accounting standards for revenue recognition and published them along with the implementation guidance.
The basic policy of the ASBJ on its development of accounting standards for revenue recognition is said to be to establish accounting standards, with the incorporation of basic principles of IFRS 15 as a starting point, from the standpoint of comparability between financial statements, which is one of the benefits of promoting consistency with IFRS 15, and to add alternative treatments to the extent to which comparability is not damaged if there is an item in which consideration should be given to practices conducted in Japan thus far.
(2) Scheduled date of application
We plan to apply the accounting standards from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Impact of the application of the accounting standards, etc.
The amount of impact of applying the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition, etc. on the financial statements of the Company is currently under review.
2. Overseas Consolidated Subsidiaries
“Leases” (FASB Topic 842)
(1) Overview
These accounting standards demand that a lessee record all leases as assets and liabilities on its balance
sheet, in principle. There is no material change in the accounting of the lessor.
(2) Scheduled date of application
FASB Topic 842 is to be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023.
(3) Impact of applying these accounting standards
The impact of applying these accounting standards on the Company’s consolidated financial statements is currently under evaluation.
    
47
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
48
Notes on Consolidated Balance Sheets
*1. Figures related to unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates are as follows. As of March 31, 2020
*2. Notes receivable transfer by endorsement
As of March 31, 2020
Notes on Consolidated Statements of Income
As of March 31, 2021
As of March 31, 2021
 Investments in securities (share)
  ¥36
  million
  ¥56
  million
   Notes receivable transfer by endorsement
  ¥188
  million
  ¥251
 million
 *1. Amount after write-down of year-end inventory to reflect the effect of lower profit margins. The write-down of inventory shown below is included in cost of goods sold.
As of March 31, 2020 As of March 31, 2021
*2. Research and development expenses included in the administrative expenses
As of March 31, 2020 As of March 31, 2021
No research and development expenses were included in the manufacturing costs incurred for the current period. *3. Breakdown of gains on the sale and disposal of fixed assets
 ¥400
  million
  ¥336
  million
   ¥550
  million
  ¥507
  million
    Building and structures
 ¥0
million
–
 million
 Machinery and delivery equipment Land
Total
As of March 31, 2020 ¥7 million ¥0 million ¥23 million
As of March 31, 2021 ¥12 million
– million ¥14 million
As of March 31, 2021 ¥174 million ¥218 million
Tools, furniture and fixtures
¥16
million
¥2
million
Others
¥0
million
–
million
  *4. Breakdown of losses on the sale and disposal of fixed assets
As of March 31, 2020
Machinery and delivery equipment ¥137 million Total ¥266 million
 Building and structures
 ¥21
 million
¥24
 million
 Tools, furniture and fixtures, others
¥106
million
¥19
million
   *5. Impairment loss
The Group posted impairment losses for the asset groups below.
Previous consolidated fiscal year (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
(1) Assets for which an impairment loss was recognized
Location
Ahresty Corp. Higashimatsuyama Plant (Namegawa-machi, Hiki-gun, Saitama)
(2) Grouping method
Use
Business assets
Type
Tools, furniture and fixtures
Machinery and delivery equipment
Intangible fixed assets
Impairment loss (millions of yen) 4
31 0
      Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. (Anhui, P.R.China)
Business assets
15
Building and structures
4
Tools, furniture and fixtures
2
 Total
  60
 The Ahresty Group conducts the grouping of business assets by business unit whose income and expenditures
are figured out continuously, and conducts the grouping of idle assets and assets to be disposed of individually.
(3) Background of how the Group came to recognize an impairment loss and the calculation
For Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd., an impairment test was conducted in accordance with the international accounting standards because of its sluggish performance compared to the initial plan. As a result, the book value of the business assets it owns was written down to the recoverable amount, and the reduced amount was recorded as an impairment loss.
For the Higashimatsuyama Plant, impairment loss was recorded in the previous year due to the decline in profitability. During the fiscal year under review, efforts were made to improve profitability through reform of the production system. However, as a result of the delay in recovery of revenues due to the impact of slowdown in domestic demand, etc., the Company reduced the book value of some of its business assets with no prospect for profits for the fiscal year under review to a recoverable amount, and posted the reductions as an impairment loss.
For the recoverable value, the net realizable value based on the real estate appraisal value and the movable property appraisal value is used.
Current consolidated fiscal year under review (from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
(1)Assets for which an impairment loss was recognized
Location
(2) Grouping method
Impairment loss (millions of yen) 62
88
Use Type
Machinery and delivery equipment
Total
The Ahresty Group conducts the grouping of business assets by business unit whose income and expenditures
are figured out continuously, and conducts the grouping of idle assets and assets to be disposed of individually.
(3) Background of how the Group came to recognize an impairment loss and the calculation
For some of the business assets of Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi Corporation, from which the initially anticipated revenues became no longer able to be expected due to a fall in the utilization rate, the Company reduced their book value to a recoverable amount and posted the reductions as an impairment loss.
The recoverable amount was measured based on the net realizable value, and the net realizable value was calculated by deducting the estimated amount of the disposal cost from the relevant roadside land prices, etc.
Machinery and delivery equipment
     Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi Corporation (Mibu-machi, Shimotsuga-gun, Tochigi)
Business assets
Building and structures
Tools, furniture and fixtures
16
9
     
49
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
50
Notes on Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
* Recycling and tax effect relating to other comprehensive income
As of March 31, 2020
As of March 31, 2021 ¥1,755 million ¥1,755 million ¥1,220 million
¥(64) million ¥(167) million ¥(101) million ¥(101) million
Number of shares at end of fiscal year
26,076,717
602,289
 Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities:
   Amount arising during fiscal year under review Before tax effect adjustment
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Amount arising during fiscal year under review Amount for the current term
Before tax-effect adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
¥(1,509) million ¥(1,563) million ¥(1,089) million ¥(1,437) million
¥51 million ¥119 million ¥36 million
Recycling
¥(54) million
–
Tax effect
¥474 million
¥(535) million
Foreign currency translation adjustment:
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax:
Reclassification remeasurements
¥68 million
¥65 million
Tax-effect
¥(83) million
–
 Total other comprehensive income
 ¥(2,490) million
 ¥1,054 million
 Notes on Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Previous consolidated fiscal year (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
1. Type and number of issued shares, and the type and number of shares of treasury stock
 Issued shares
     Common stock Treasury stock Total
Number of shares at end of previous fiscal year
26,076,717
162,347
Increase in number of shares in fiscal year
−
560,676
Decrease in number of shares in fiscal year
−
120,734
Total
26,076,717
−
−
26,076,717
Common stock (Notes 1. 2.)
162,347
560,676
120,734
602,289
 Notes: 1. The increase of 560,676 common shares in treasury stock is due to the acquisition of the Company’s own shares, the purchase of shares of less than a unit, and the acquisition free of charge of a part of common shares allocated in the restricted stock compensation plan.
2. The decrease of 120,734 common shares in treasury stock is due to the disposal of the Company’s own shares in the restricted stock compensation plan.
2. Share warrants and own share warrants
Classification
3. Dividends
Share warrant type
Type of shares underlying share warrants
Number of shares underlying share warrants (number of share)
End of previous Increase during Decrease during Number at fiscal year fiscal year fiscal year end of fiscal year
Balance at end of fiscal year (millions of yen)
Submitting company (parent company)
 Share warrants as stock options
−
−
−
−
−
187
 Total
− − − − − 187
 (1)Dividend payments (Resolution)
Meeting of the Board of Directors on November 7, 2019
Type of shares
Common share
Amount of dividend (millions of yen)
203
Source of dividend
Retained earnings
Dividend per share (yen)
8
Record date
September 30, 2019
Effective date
December 2, 2019
 Meeting of the Board of Directors on May 15, 2019
Common share
 310
Retained earnings
12
March 31, 2019
June 3, 2019
   (2)Dividends with a record date falling in the fiscal year under review and with an effective date belonging to the following fiscal year
N/A
Consolidated fiscal year under review (from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
1. Type and number of issued shares, and the type and number of shares of treasury stock
 Issued shares
     Common stock Treasury stock Total
Number of shares at end of previous fiscal year
26,076,717
602,289
Increase in number of shares in fiscal year
−
60
Decrease in number of shares in fiscal year
−
192,305
Number of shares at end of fiscal year
26,076,717
410,044
Total
26,076,717
−
−
26,076,717
Common stock (Notes 1. 2.)
602,289
60
192,305
410,044
 Notes: 1. The increase of 60 common shares in treasury stock is due to the purchase of shares of less than a unit.
2. The decrease of 192,305 common shares in treasury stock is due to the disposal of the Company’s own shares in the restricted
stock compensation plan and the exercise of stock options.
2. Share warrants and own share warrants
Classification
3. Dividends
Share warrant type
Type of shares underlying share warrants
Number of shares underlying share warrants (number of share)
End of previous Increase during Decrease during Number at fiscal year fiscal year fiscal year end of fiscal year
Balance at end of fiscal year (millions of yen)
Submitting company (parent company)
 Share warrants as stock options
−
−
−
−
−
164
 Total
− − − − − 164
 (1)Dividend payments N/A
    
51
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
52
(2)Dividends with a record date falling in the fiscal year under review and with an effective date belonging to the following fiscal year
(Resolution) Type of shares Amount of dividend Source of Dividend Record date Effective date (millions of yen) dividend per share (yen)
Notes on Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
* Relationship between the final balance of cash and cash equivalents and the account amounts listed in the consolidated balance sheets
 Meeting of
the Board of Directors on May 18, 2021
 Common share
 128
 Retained earnings
5
March 31, 2021
June 2, 2021
  Cash on hand and with banks
 ¥4,167
million
 ¥12,249
million
 Time deposits with a deposit term of more than 3 months
As of March 31, 2020 As of March 31, 2021 ¥(435) million –
Cash and cash equivalents
 ¥3,732
 million
¥12,249
 million
Notes on Lease Transactions
The Company has omitted notes for lease transactions because the Company believes there is a bit significant need in this report for such disclosure.
Notes on Financial Instruments
1. Information about use of financial instruments
(1) Policy on use of financial instruments
The Group raises necessary capital (mainly bank loans), in light of its capital investment plan. It invests temporarily surplus funds primarily in financial assets that are highly liquid and raises short-term working capital by obtaining bank loans. The Group uses derivatives to guard against the following risks but does not engage in speculative transactions.
(2) Types of financial instruments and risks arising from these financial instruments
The Group is exposed to credit risk through its trade notes and accounts receivable from customers, in other words, its operating receivables. It is also exposed to foreign currency fluctuation risk through foreign currency denominated operating receivables that arise when conducting business overseas.
Investments in securities are mostly the shares of companies that we have business relations with and that are subject to a risk of market price fluctuations.
Trade notes and accounts payable, in other words, operating payables, and electronically recorded debt are mostly due within one year. The Group is exposed to foreign currency fluctuation risk on certain foreign currency denominated payables.
The Group obtains loans mainly for the purpose of raising capital for capital investment. The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on certain loans but uses derivative transactions to guard against this risk (interest rate swap transactions).
The derivatives used by the Group is interest rate swap transactions to guard against the risk of changes in interest payments on loans.
For further information on hedge accounting including our hedging methods and hedged transactions, hedging policy and method for assessing hedge effectiveness, please refer to “(7) Hedge accounting” of “4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”
(3) System for managing risks arising from financial instruments (a) Managing credit risk
The Group’s sales division periodically monitors the status of operating receivables from major customers and manages due dates and outstanding balances for individual customers with the aim of early identification and mitigation of concerns over recovery arising as a result of deterioration in financial position, etc.
The Group understands that it has hardly any credit exposure on derivative transactions, as it deals only with financial institutions that have high ratings.
(b) Managing market risk
The Group may use interest rate swap transactions to mitigate the risk of changes in interest payments on its loans.
We review our investments in securities continuously, checking the market values of the securities and the financial situation of the issuers (business partners) regularly and taking market conditions and our relations with business partners into account.
The division responsible for executing and managing derivative transactions engages in derivative transactions with the approval of the person with decision-making authority, in accordance with management regulations which specify trading authority, trading limit and other trading procedure. The division reports monthly trading figures to the director with jurisdiction.
(c) Managing liquidity risk arising from fund procurement
The division in charge prepares and updates a fund procurement plan in a timely manner based on reports from each division and manages liquidity risk by means such as ensuring on-hand liquidity.
No liquidity risk management is carried out in relation to domestic consolidated subsidiaries as they are linked into a cash management system (CMS) and obtain loans via the parent company.
(4) Supplementary explanation about fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments may be their value based on market price or a rationally estimated value
    
53
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
54
in cases where no market price exists. Since variables are taken into consideration when estimating fair value, fair value may fluctuate due to the adoption of different assumptions, etc.
2. Fair value of financial instruments
Carrying amounts in the consolidated balance sheets, fair values and differences between carrying amounts and fair values are as follows.
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
  (1) Cash and time deposits
 4,167
 4,167
 –
  (2) Trade notes and accounts receivable Total assets
(2) Electronically recorded debt
(4) Long-term loans
Derivative transactions
Carrying amount in the consolidated balance sheets
(¥ millions) 17,922 24,615
5,994 23,423 –
Fair value
(¥ millions) 17,922 24,615
5,994 23,429 –
Fair value
(¥ millions) 20,647 37,180
4,677 26,552 –
Difference
(¥ millions) –
– – 5 –
Difference
(¥ millions) –
–
– (136)
–
(3) Investments in securities
2,525
2,525
–
(1) Trade notes and accounts payable
9,284
9,284
–
(3) Short-term loans
10,273
10,273
–
Total liabilities
48,975
48,981
5
 Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021)
Carrying amount in the
  (1) Cash and time deposits
 12,249
 12,249
 –
  (2) Trade notes and accounts receivable Total assets
(2) Electronically recorded debt
(4) Long-term loans
Derivative transactions
consolidated balance sheets
(¥ millions) 20,647 37,180
4,677 26,689 –
(3) Investments in securities
4,283
4,283
–
(1) Trade notes and accounts payable
9,458
9,458
–
(3) Short-term loans
19,232
19,232
–
Total liabilities
60,057
59,920
(136)
 Notes : 1. Methods for estimating fair value of financial instruments and trading in securities and derivatives
Assets
(1) Cash and time deposits, (2) Trade notes and accounts receivable
Recognized at their carrying amounts, as carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these
instruments.
(3) Investments in securities
The prices of shares on the stock exchange are considered the market values of the shares. Liabilities
(1) Trade notes and accounts payable, (2) Electronically recorded debt, (3) Short-term loans
Recognized at their carrying amounts, as carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these instruments.
(4) Long-term loans
For the fair values of long-term loans payable at fixed interest rates, the total amount of the principal and interest is discounted using a rate that is assumed to be applied when a similar loan is newly borrowed. For the fair values of long-term loans payable at variable interest rates that are subject to the special treatment of interest rate swaps, the total amount of the principal and interest that were accounted for as a single item with the relevant interest rate swap is discounted with a rate that is assumed to be applied when a new, similar loan is taken out.
Derivative transactions
See “Notes on Derivative Transactions”.
2. Financial instruments whose market values are considered very difficult to determine As of March 31, 2020
(¥ millions) Shares in non-consolidated subsidiaries 36
As of March 31, 2021
(¥ millions) 56
  Shares of unlisted shares
 5
 5
  These securities do not have any market prices, and it is very difficult to determine their market values. They are not therefore included in (3) Investments in securities.
3. The amount of monetary claims and securities with maturity to be redeemed after the consolidated closing date Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Within one year
(¥ millions) Trade notes and accounts receivable 17,922
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021)
Within one year
(¥ millions) Trade notes and accounts receivable 20,647
More than one year, within five years
(¥ millions) –
More than one year, within five years
(¥ millions) –
More than five years, within ten years
(¥ millions) –
More than five years, within ten years
(¥ millions) –
More than 10 years
(¥ millions) –
More than 10 years
(¥ millions) –
  Cash and time deposits
 4,167
 –
 –
 –
  Total
 22,089
 –
 –
 –
   Cash and time deposits
 12,249
 –
 –
 –
  Total
 32,897
 –
 –
 –
 4. Schedule of repayment of short-term loans and long-term loans after the consolidated account closing date Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
 Short-term loans
10,273
–
–
–
–
–
  Long-term loans
Within one year
(¥ millions) 7,750
More than one year, within two years
(¥ millions) 6,076
More than one year, within two years
(¥ millions) 7,011
More than
two years, within three years
(¥ millions) 4,293
More than
two years, within three years
(¥ millions) 6,837
More than three years, within four years
(¥ millions) 3,991
More than three years, within four years
(¥ millions) 3,593
More than four years, within five years
(¥ millions) 1,311
More than four years, within five years
(¥ millions) 1,180
More than five years
(¥ millions) –
More than five years
(¥ millions) –
Total
 18,023
6,076
4,293
3,991
1,311
–
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021)
Within one year
(¥ millions) Long-term loans 8,065
Notes on Marketable Securities
1. Marketable securities for trading
N/A
 Short-term loans
19,232
–
–
–
–
–
  Total
 27,298
7,011
6,837
3,593
1,180
–
2. Securities held to maturity that have market value
N/A
    
55
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
56
3. Other securities that have market value
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
  1. Share
 2,393
 841
1,551
 Consolidated
balance sheet amount is above acquisition cost
Consolidated
balance sheet amount is below acquisition cost
Type
2. Bonds Subtotal Type
2. Bonds
Subtotal
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
(¥ millions)
− 2,393
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
(¥ millions)
− 132
Acquisition Cost
(¥ millions) −
841
Acquisition Cost
(¥ millions) −
182
Difference (¥ millions)
− 1,551
Difference (¥ millions)
− (50)
3. Other
−
−
−
    1. Share
 132
 182
(50)
3. Other
−
−
−
Total
2,525
 1,024
 1,501
 Note: Unlisted stocks (5 million yen on the consolidated balance sheet) are not included in the table above because they have no market price and it is very difficult to determine their fair value.
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021)
  1. Share
 4,240
 960
3,279
 Consolidated
balance sheet amount is above acquisition cost
Consolidated
balance sheet amount is below acquisition cost
Type
2. Bonds Subtotal Type
2. Bonds
Subtotal
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
(¥ millions)
− 4,240
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
(¥ millions)
− 43
Acquisition Cost
(¥ millions) −
960
Acquisition Cost
(¥ millions) −
65
Difference (¥ millions)
− 3,279
Difference (¥ millions)
− (22)
3. Other
−
−
−
    1. Share
 43
 65
(22)
3. Other
−
−
−
Total
4,283
 1,026
 3,257
 Note: Unlisted stocks (5 million yen on the consolidated balance sheet) are not included in the table above because they have no market price and it is very difficult to determine their fair value.
4. Other marketable securities sold
Previous consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
Sales amount (million yen)
(2) Bond
(ii) Corporatebond −
(3) Other −
Current consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021)
Sales amount (million yen)
(2) Bond
(ii) Corporatebond −
(3) Other −
Total gain on sales (million yen)
− −
Total gain on sales (million yen)
− −
Total loss on sales (million yen)
− −
Total loss on sales (million yen)
− −
 (1) Stock
 159
 54
 −
 (i) Government bond, local government bond, etc.
−
−
−
(iii) Other
−
−
−
Total
 159
 54
 −
  (1) Stock
 1
 0
 −
 (i) Government bond, local government bond, etc.
−
−
−
(iii) Other
−
−
−
Total
 1
 0
 −
 Notes on Derivative Transactions
1. Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied
(1) Currency-related transactions
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020) N/A
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021) N/A
(2) Interest rate
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020) N/A
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021) N/A
2. Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied
Interest rate
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Hedge accounting method
Type of transaction
Main hedge target
Value of contracts
(¥ millions)
Value of contracts for longer than a year
(¥ millions)
Market value
(¥ millions)
  Special accounting methods for interest rate swaps
  Interest rate swap, receipt of floating rates, payment of fixed rates
  Long-term loans payable
  75
  −
  (Note)
  Note: Interest rate swaps accounted for by special accounting methods are accounted for with the hedge target, long-term loans payable. The market value of the interest rate swaps is therefore included in the market value of the long-term loans payable.
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021) N/A
Notes on Employees’ Retirement Benefits
1. Overview of retirement benefit scheme
The company and some of its consolidated subsidiaries have established an approved retirement annuity system and a termination allowance plan as our defined benefit systems. The company and some of its subsidiaries also have defined contribution retirement benefit schemes. Upon the retirement of employees, there are instances where premium severance payments not covered in the retirement benefit liabilities are made. Some of its consolidated subsidiaries also adopt a simple method for calculating retirement benefit liabilities.
2. Defined benefit system
(1) Adjustment statement of the balance of retirement benefit liabilities at the beginning and end of the current fiscal year (excluding systems that adopt the simplified method described in (3))
  (¥ millions)
Service cost
Actuarial difference
Past service cost incurred
Balance of retirement benefit liabilities at the end of the current fiscal year
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
253 (182) 27
3,925
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
242 2 349
4,388
 Balance of retirement benefit liabilities at the beginning of the current fiscal year
 3,978
 3,925
 Interest expenses
13
12
Retirement benefits payments
(160)
(142)
Others
(3)
(1)
     
57
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
58
(2) Adjustment statement of the balance of pension assets at the beginning and end of the current fiscal year (excluding systems that adopt the simplified method described in (3))
  (¥ millions)
Expected return on pension plan assets
Contributions from the business owner
Balance of pension assets at the end of the current fiscal year
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
23 221
2,043
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
97 210
2,433
 Balance of pension assets at the beginning of the current fiscal year
 2,018
 2,043
 Actuarial difference
(101)
191
Retirement benefits payments
(118)
(109)
 (3) Adjustment statement of the balance of net defined benefit liability under the system whereby the simple method is adopted at the beginning and end of the current fiscal year
  (¥ millions)
Retirement benefit expenses
Decrease due to transfer to the defined contribution plan
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
121 (408)
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
102 −
 Balance of net defined benefit liability at the beginning of the current fiscal year
 989
 624
 Retirement benefits payments
(78)
(70)
Balance of net defined benefit liability at the end of the current fiscal year
 624
 656
 (4) Adjustment statement of the balance of retirement benefit liabilities and pension assets at the end of the current fiscal year and net defined benefit liabilities and assets related to employees’ retirement benefits that are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
  (¥ millions)
Pension assets
Retirement benefit liabilities of the unfunded pension
Net defined benefit liability
Net liabilities and assets recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
(2,043) 1,596
2,709 2,506
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021)
(2,433) 2,021
2,858 2,610
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
12 48
103 6
 Retirement benefit liabilities of the funded pension
 2,953
 3,023
 909
589
Net liabilities and assets recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
2,506
2,610
Net defined benefit asset
(203)
(248)
 (5) Retirement benefit expenses and their breakdown
Previous consolidated fiscal year
  (¥ millions)
Interest expenses
Recognized actuarial difference
Retirement benefit expenses calculated by the simple method
Others
(From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020) 13
62 121
11
 Service cost
 253
 242
 Expected return on pension plan assets
(23)
(97)
Recognized prior service cost
4
9
Loss (gain) on revision of retirement benefit scheme
(80)
−
Retirement benefit expenses related to the defined benefit system
 362
 326
 (6) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
The details of the items (before tax effects) that have been recorded in the remeasurements of defined benefit plans are as follows.
Previous consolidated fiscal year
(¥ millions) (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
237
   Prior service cost
 (23)
 (339)
 Actuarial difference
143
Total
 119
 (101)
 (7) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
The breakdown of items recorded in the remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before tax impact deduction) is as follows:
  (¥ millions)
Unrecognized actuarial difference
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
(334)
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021)
(96)
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021)
36% 2%
 Unrecognized prior service cost
 (26)
 (366)
 Total
 (360)
 (462)
 (8) Matters related to pension assets
(i) Main breakdown of pension assets
The ratio of the main categories against the total pension assets is as follows:
   Bonds
 24%
 25%
 Shares Others
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
29% 5%
Insurance assets (general account)
42%
37%
Total
 100%
 100%
 (ii) Method for establishing the rate of the long-term expected return on pension plan assets
To determine the rate of the long-term expected return on pension plan assets, the current and expected allocation of pension assets and the current and expected future rate of long-term return from a variety of assets that constitute pension assets have been taken into account.
(9) Matters related to the actuarial calculation basis The main actuarial calculation basis
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Expected rate of increase Primarily 3.6%
3. Defined contribution retirement benefit system
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021)
Primarily 3.4%
   Discount rate
 Primarily 0.2%
 Primarily 0.2%
 Rate of long-term expected return on pension plan assets
 2.5%
 2.5%
 The required contribution amount of the company and some of the consolidated subsidiaries was ¥385 million as the previous consolidated fiscal year and ¥389 million as the current consolidated fiscal year.
    
59
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
60
Notes on Stock Option
1. The amount and account of expenses related to stock options
N/A
2. Description and scale of stock options and changes
(1) Description of stock options
Position and number of persons granted stock options
 Date of resolution
 November 15, 2006
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 8,600 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
2006 stock options
Directors of the Company: Five persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
November 30, 2006
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From December 1, 2006 To November 30, 2036
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 3,500 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
35
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 3,419
Amount of capitalization 1,710
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  2007 stock options
 Date of resolution
  July 26, 2007
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 11,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 10, 2007
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
51
1 per share
(Note 4) (Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 11, 2007 To August 10, 2037
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 5,100 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 2,220
Amount of capitalization 1,110
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
  July 25, 2008
 Position and number of persons granted stock options
2008 stock options
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 18, 2008
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
109
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 19, 2008 To August 18, 2038
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 10,900 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
2009 stock options
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 573
Amount of capitalization 287
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
  July 24, 2009
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
 Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 17, 2009
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 18, 2009 To August 17, 2039
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 9,800 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
98
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 370
Amount of capitalization 185
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  2010 stock options
 Date of resolution
  July 12, 2010
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
 Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Five persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
July 28, 2010
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
108
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From July 29, 2010 To July 28, 2040
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 10,800 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 569
Amount of capitalization 285
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
      
61
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
62
 Date of resolution
 July 20, 2011
 Position and number of persons granted stock options
2011 stock options
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 8, 2011
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
126
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 9, 2011 To August 8, 2041
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 12,600 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
2012 stock options
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 410
Amount of capitalization 205
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
 July 24, 2012
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 8, 2012
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 9, 2012 To August 8, 2042
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 12,600 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
126
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 235
Amount of capitalization 118
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  2013 stock options
 Date of resolution
 July 22, 2013
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 9, 2013
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
162
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 10, 2013 to August 9, 2043
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 16,200 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 583
Amount of capitalization 292
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
  July 28, 2014
 Position and number of persons granted stock options
2014 stock options
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 19, 2014
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 48,600 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
336
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 20, 2014 to August 19, 2044
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 33,600 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
2015 stock options
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 668
Amount of capitalization 334
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
 July 24, 2015
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 44,800 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Six persons (incl. One Director, who is Audit & Supervisory Committee member)
August 18, 2015
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 19, 2015 to August 18, 2045
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 34,700 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
347
1 per share
(Note 6)
(Note 5)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 768
Amount of capitalization 384
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  2016 stock options
 Date of resolution
 July 25, 2016
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 57,300 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Six persons (incl. One Director, who is Audit & Supervisory Committee member)
August 10, 2016
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
444
1 per share
(Note 6)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 11, 2016 to August 10, 2046
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 44,400 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 598
Amount of capitalization 299
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
      
63
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2021
64
 Date of resolution
 July 12, 2017
 Position and number of persons granted stock options
2017 stock options
Directors of the Company: Seven persons (incl. One Director, who is Audit & Supervisory Committee member)
August 10, 2017
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
485
1 per share
(Note 6)
(Note 5)
Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 52,600 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 11, 2017 to August 10, 2047
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 48,500 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 660
Amount of capitalization 330
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  Notes: 1. Converted to the number of shares
2. Information on the last day of the fiscal year under review (March 31, 2021) is stated. Because there is no change in the
information to be stated as of the end of the previous month (May 31, 2021), which is the date of submission, from the information on the last day of the fiscal year under review, the description of information as of the end of the previous month, the date of submission, is omitted.
3. (1) The amount of stated capital to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants shall be half of the maximum amount of increase in stated capital that is calculated in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 1 of the Rules of Corporate Accounting, and fractions less than one yen arising from the calculation shall be rounded up.
(2) The amount of capital reserves to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants shall be an amount obtained by reducing the amount of stated capital to increase provided for in (1) above from the maximum amount of increase in stated capital stated in (1) above.
4. (1) Share warrant holders may exercise share warrants only during the period from the day following the day when they have relinquished their position both as a director and a corporate auditor of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Exercise Commencement Date”) to the day when 10 days have passed after the Exercise Commencement Date within the exercise period.
(2) Notwithstanding the statement in (1) above, the share warrant holders may exercise share warrants only during the period stipulated in 1 or 2 below in the case provided for in 1 or 2 (however, for 2, excluding cases where share warrants of the stock company listed in (a) through (e) in Article 236, Paragraph 1, (viii) of the Companies Act are issued).
1 If the Exercise Commencement Date does not arrive before a year before the last day of the exercise period arrives, from a year before the last day of the exercise period to the last day of the exercise period
2 If a proposal to approve a merger agreement by which the Company will become a disappearing company or a proposal to approve a share exchange agreement or a share transfer plan by which the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary is approved at a general meeting of shareholders of the Company (if a resolution is made by the Board of Directors of the Company in cases where the resolution of the general meeting of shareholders is unnecessary), for 15 days from the day following the date of approval
(3) The share warrant holders shall exercise all share warrants in a lump.
(4) If a share warrant holder has abandoned share warrants, he/she may not exercise such share warrants.
(5) Other conditions shall be established by a share warrant allotment agreement to be concluded between the Company and
the share warrant holders based on a resolution of the Board of Directors. 5. Treatment when organization restructuring actions are taken
In cases where the Company conducts a merger (limited to cases where the Company will disappear as a result of the merger), an absorption-type company split, an incorporation-type company split, a share exchange or a share transfer (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Organization Restructuring Actions”), the Company shall deliver share warrants of the stock company listed in (a) through (e) in Article 236, Paragraph 1, (viii) of the Companies Act (hereinafter referred to as the “Company Subject to Reorganization”) to the share warrant holders of the share warrants that remain when the Organization Restructuring Actions become effective (hereinafter referred to as the “Remaining Share Warrants”) for each case. In this case, the Remaining Share Warrants shall disappear, and the Company Subject to Reorganization shall issue new share warrants. However, this shall be limited to cases where a provision to the effect that the share warrants of the Company Subject to Reorganization shall be delivered in accordance with the conditions below is set forth in the absorption-type merger agreement, the consolidation-type merger agreement, the absorption-type company split agreement, the incorporation-type company split agreement, the share exchange agreement or the share transfer plan.
(1) Number of share warrants of the Company Subject to Reorganization to be delivered
The same number as the number of share warrants held by the share warrant holders of the Remaining Share Warrants shall be delivered in each case.
(2) Class of shares of the Company Subject to Reorganization subject to share warrants Common stock of the Company Subject to Reorganization
(3) Number of shares of the Company Subject to Reorganization subject to share warrants
It will be determined by taking into consideration the conditions, etc. of the Organization Restructuring Actions.
(4) Value of property to be contributed upon the exercise of share warrants
The value of property to be contributed upon the exercise of each share warrant to be delivered shall be an amount obtained
by multiplying the amount to be paid after reorganization that is set forth below by the number of shares of the Company Subject to Reorganization subject to the each share warrant to be determined in accordance with (3) above. The amount to be paid after reorganization shall be 1 yen per share of the Company Subject to Reorganization that can be delivered upon the exercise of each share warrant to be delivered.
(5) Period when share warrants can be exercised
The period when share warrants can be exercised shall be from the date of commencement of the period when share warrants for subscription can be exercised, or the effective date of the Organization Restructuring Actions, whichever comes later, to the expiration date of the period when share warrants for subscription can be exercised.
(6) Matters relating to stated capital and capital reserves to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants
1The amount of stated capital to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants for subscription shall be half of the maximum amount of increase in stated capital that is calculated in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 1 of the Rules of Corporate Accounting, and fractions less than one yen arising from the calculation shall be rounded up.
2The amount of capital reserves to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants for subscription shall be an amount obtained by reducing the amount of stated capital to increase provided for in (1) above from the maximum amount of increase in stated capital stated in (1) above.
(7) Restrictions on the acquisition of share warrants by transfer
The acquisition of share warrants by transfer shall require the approval by the resolution of the Board of Director of the Company Subject to Reorganization.
6. (1) Share warrant holders may exercise share warrants only during the period from the day following the day when they have relinquished their position as a director of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Exercise Commencement Date”) to the day when 10 days have passed after the Exercise Commencement Date within the exercise period.
(2) Same as (2) in (Note 4) above. (3) Same as (3) in (Note 4) above. (4) Same as (4) in (Note 4) above. (5) Same as (5) in (Note 4) above.
(2) Scale of stock options and changes
Stock options existed in the fiscal year under review (ended March 31, 2021). The number of stock options is converted to the number of shares.
a. Number of stock options
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock options options options options options options options options options options options options
At end of previous fiscal year 3,500 5,100 10,900 9,800 10,800 16,300 16,300 20,000 41,600 41,700 53,300 52,600 Expired −−−−−−−−−−−− Not yet vested 3,500 5,100 10,900 9,800 10,800 12,600 12,600 16,200 33,600 34,700 44,400 48,500 At end of previous fiscal year − − − − − − − − − − − − Exercise of rights − − − − − 3,700 3,700 3,800 8,000 7,000 8,900 4,100 Unexercised −−−−−−−−−−−−
 Before vesting date (number of share)
 Granted
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
Vested
−
−
−
−
−
3,700
3,700
3,800
8,000
7,000
8,900
4,100
After vesting date (number of share)
Vested
−
−
−
−
−
3,700
3,700
3,800
8,000
7,000
8,900
4,100
Expired
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
 b. Unit price information
Average stock price at time of exercise (yen)
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock options options options options options options options options options options options options
−−−−−−−−−−−−
 Exercise price (yen)
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
 Fair unit value on grant date (yen)
 3,418
2,219
572
369
568
409
234
582
667
767
597
659
3. Method for estimating the fair unit value of stock options
There were no new stock options granted in the current consolidated fiscal year.
4. Method for estimating the number of vested stock options
Since it is inherently difficult to estimate the number of stock options expected to expire, only the actual number of stock options that have expired is reflected.
    
65
Ahresty Report 2021
66
Notes on Tax Accounting
1. Breakdown of major causes for deferred tax assets and liabilities
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020) (¥ millions)
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2021) (¥ millions)
   Deferred tax assets
   Accrued expenses
Accounts payable – other (amount that has not been transferred to defined contribution pension plan)
69 87
 Net defined benefit liability
704
698
Long-term accounts payable – other (amount that has not been transferred to defined contribution pension plan)
92
63
Excess deductible amount in bonus allowances 493 Unrealized profits for fixed assets 1,146 Over-depreciation 2,266
64
395 1,046 1,873 710 9,052
(2,611)
4,352 (795) (640)
(966) (4,806)
Unrealized profits for inventories
49
27
Loss carried forward (Note 2)
2,273
3,129
Provision for product warranties
17
12
Impairment loss
Deferred tax assets subtotal
Valuation reserve pertaining to the sum of deductible temporary differences
Deferred tax assets total Property replacement reserve
Fixed assets reserve
Exchange rate differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities of overseas consolidated subsidiaries
Deferred tax liabilities total
706 8,528
(2,586)
4,442 (827) (623)
(1,225) (4,596)
Other
698
1,023
Valuation reserve pertaining to tax loss carried forward (Note 2)
(1,499)
(2,089)
Subtotal of valuation reserves (Note 1)
(4,085)
(4,700)
Deferred tax liabilities
Special depreciation reserve
(50)
(50)
Net unrealized gains on securities
(451)
(987)
Other
(1,418)
(1,366)
Net deferred tax assets
 (153)
 (454)
 Notes: 1. Valuation reserves increased ¥614 million from the previous consolidated fiscal year. The major factor for the increase was an increase in the valuation reserve pertaining to tax loss carried forward at the domestic subsidiary and the subsidiary in America.
2. Amounts of tax loss carried forward and deferred tax assets by the deadline for carrying forward Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Up to 1 year (million yen)
Valuation reserve −
More than 1 year and up to 2 years (million yen)
−
More than 2 years and up to 3 years (million yen)
(2)
More than 3 years and up to 4 years (million yen)
(39)
More than 4 years and up to 5 years (million yen)
(22)
More than 5 years (million yen)
(1,435)
Total (million yen)
(1,499)
 Tax loss carried forward (*1)
−
−
2
39
201
2,030
(*2) 2,273
 Deferred tax assets
 −
−
−
−
179
595
(*2) 774
(*1) The tax loss carried forward is an amount obtained by multiplying the effective statutory tax rate.
(*2) For the tax loss carried forward of ¥2,273 million (an amount obtained by multiplying the effective statutory tax rate), deferred tax assets of ¥774 million are posted. For this tax loss carried forward, valuation reserve is not recognized
for the portion that is determined to be recoverable based on the expected future taxable income, etc.
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2021) More than 1
More than 2 years and up to 3 years (million yen)
(39)
More than 3 years and up to 4 years (million yen)
(22)
More than 4 years and up to 5 years (million yen)
(4)
More than 5 years (million yen)
(2,020)
Up to 1 year (million yen)
Valuation reserve −
year and up to 2 years (million yen)
(2)
Total (million yen)
(2,089)
 Tax loss carried forward (*1)
−
2
39
203
190
2,692
(*2) 3,129
 Deferred tax assets
 −
−
−
181
186
672
(*2) 1,040
(*1) The tax loss carried forward is an amount obtained by multiplying the effective statutory tax rate.
(*2) For the tax loss carried forward of ¥3,129 million (an amount obtained by multiplying the effective statutory tax rate), deferred tax assets of ¥1,040 million are posted. For this tax loss carried forward, valuation reserve is not recognized
for the portion that is determined to be recoverable based on the expected future taxable income, etc.
2. Breakdown by item of major causes for important differences between the burden rates of corporate tax at the statutory effective tax rate and after the application of deferred tax accounting
Previous consolidated fiscal year Current consolidated fiscal year
   Statutory effective tax rate
 30.6
 30.6
 (adjustments)
Items that will never be included as profits, such as dividend revenue
Tax credits for research and development expenses
Difference in statutory tax rates of consolidated subsidiaries
Foreign tax credit
Impact of exchange rate fluctuations at overseas consolidated subsidiaries
Burden ratio of corporate tax after application of deferred tax accounting
(Notes on Business Combination) Not applicable
(March 31, 2020) (%)
(1.6)
(5.7) 19.6 1.1
(22.2) 217.0
(March 31, 2021) (%)
0.1 0.0 (3.7) 0.2
(11.3) (0.4)
Items that will never be included as losses, such as entertainment expenses
10.1
(1.5)
Per capita residential tax
4.5
(0.9)
Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance
183.3
(14.5)
 Retained earnings of overseas consolidated subsidiaries
3.8
1.6
Difference due to tax rate change as a result of consolidated taxation
(1.6)
−
Other
(4.9)
(1.0)
  (Notes on Asset Retirement Obligations)
The Company has omitted notes for asset retirement obligations because the Company believes there is a bit significant need in this report for such disclosure.
(Notes on Rental Properties)
The Company has omitted notes for rental properties because the Company believes there is a bit significant need in this report for such disclosure.
Segment Information
1. Overview of reported segments
The reported segments of the Company are those units for which separate financial information can be obtained among the constituent units of the Company and for which the Board of Directors of the Company regularly carries out examinations to determine the allocation of management resources and assess the business performance.
The Company manages the Die Casting Business, the Aluminum Business, and the Proprietary Products Business.
In the Die Casting Business, the Company develops comprehensive strategies by regions: Japan, North America, and Asia, and is engaged in business activities accordingly.
As a result, the Company has five reported segments: Die Casting Business: Japan, Die Casting Business: North America, Die Casting Business: Asia, Aluminum Business, and Proprietary Products Business.
In the Die Casting Business, the Company is mainly engaged in manufacturing and sales of auto parts, general engine parts, industrial machinery parts, and dies in Japan, North America and Asia. In the Aluminum Business, the Company is engaged in smelting and sales of aluminum alloy ingots. In the Proprietary Products Business, it sells access floors and its accessories.
   
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 67
Ahresty Report 2021
68
2. Methods for calculating net sales, profits or losses, assets, liabilities and amounts for other items by reported segment
Profits in the reported segments are figures based on operating income. Intersegment sales and transfers are based on current market values.
3. Information related to net sales, profits or losses, assets, liabilities and amounts for other items by reported segment
Previous consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
 Sales
 (1) Customers
Japan 59,500
North America 30,633 30,647 29,478 5,013
4,370
Asia 23,846
25,258 38,291 3,918
5,701
Reported segments Die Casting Business
Aluminum Business
3,993 7,093 2,388
46 55
Aluminum Business
3,483 5,521 2,758
50 29
Proprietary Products Business
2,603 2,605 1,282
10 −
Proprietary Products Business
2,345 2,352 1,018
8 −
(Millions of yen)
Total 120,577 128,111 125,215
14,490 19,377
(Millions of yen)
Total 92,973
97,839 127,312 13,030
10,989
(2) Intersegment
3,005
13
1,411
3,100
2
7,533
Total 62,505 Segment assets 53,773 Depreciation and amortization 5,500
Segment profits/loss
(444)
635
3
169
277
642
Other items
Impairment loss
39
−
20
−
−
60
Increase in tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets
9,249
 Current consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021)
Reported segments Die Casting Business
 Sales
 (1) Customers
Japan 45,584
North America 21,628 21,638 29,787 4,083
3,147
Asia 19,931
20,706 37,807 3,499
3,483
(2) Intersegment
2,035
10
775
2,038
6
4,865
Total 47,620 Segment assets 55,940 Depreciation and amortization 5,386
Segment profits/loss
(2,491)
94
(598)
33
320
(2,641)
Other items
Impairment loss
88
−
−
−
−
88
Increase in tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets
4,329
 4. Total amount in reported segments, difference from the amount posted in consolidated financial statement and important details in the difference (Difference adjustment)
Net sales
Elimination of intersegment transactions
Assets
Elimination of intersegment transactions
Assets in the consolidated financial statement
Previous consolidated fiscal year
(7,533)
Previous consolidated fiscal year
(4,709) 123,054
(Millions of yen)
Current consolidated fiscal year
(4,865)
(Millions of yen)
Current consolidated fiscal year
(5,428) 132,223
Profit
Elimination of intersegment transactions
Previous consolidated fiscal year
122
(Millions of yen)
Current consolidated fiscal year
87
 Total sales in reported segments
 128,111
 97,839
 Total profit in reported segments
 642
 (2,641)
 Net sales in the consolidated financial statement
 120,577
 92,973
 Operating income / loss in the consolidated financial statement
 764
 (2,554)
  Total assets in reported segments
 125,215
 127,312
 Company-wide assets
2,548
10,339
 Other items
Impairment loss 60
Related Information
fiscal year fiscal year
− −
fiscal year
fiscal year
(Millions of yen) Total amount in Adjustment Amount recorded in consolidated
reported segments financial statements Previousconsolidated Currentconsolidated Previousconsolidated Currentconsolidated Previousconsolidated Currentconsolidated
fiscal year fiscal year
 Depreciation and amortization
14,490
13,030
(160)
(128)
14,329
12,901
 The statement is omitted because the same information is presented in segment information.
2. Information by regions
(1) Sales
88
60
88
Increase in tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets
 19,377
10,989
(141)
(70)
19,235
10,919
Consolidated fiscal year under review (from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
1. Information by products and services
Japan North America Asia Other regions
(Millions of yen) Total
 51,122
  21,710
  19,955
  185
  92,973
  Notes: 1. Sales are presented in categories by countries or regions based on the addresses of customers
2. Net sales in North America and Asia include net sales of ¥10,680 million in the United States that make up 10% or more of net sales on the consolidated income statement, net sales of ¥11,030 million in Mexico and net sales of ¥17,484 million in
China.
(2) Tangible fixed assets
Japan North America Asia Total
(Note) Tangible fixed assets in North America and Asia includes tangible fixed assets of ¥8,542 million in the United States that makes up 10% or more of tangible fixed assets on the consolidated balance sheet, tangible fixied assets of ¥12,864 million in Mexico and tangible fixed assets of ¥21,155 million in China.
3. Information by major customers
(Millions of yen) Name of customer Sales Titles of the related segments
[Related Party Information]
Transactions between the company submitting consolidated financial statements and related parties
Officers and major shareholders (limited to individuals) of the company submitting consolidated financial statements
(Millions of yen)
 30,644
  21,407
  25,238
  77,290
   Subaru Corporation
  12,454
  Die casting business: Japan
  Consolidated fiscal year under review (from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Capital or Type Name investments (million yen)
Business or occupation
Ownership of voting rights (owned) (%)
Relationship with the interested party
Transaction
Amount of transaction (million yen)
Ending Item balance
(million yen)
 Officer
Arata Takahashi
−
President and CEO of the Company
(owned) Direct 3.9
−
In-kind contribution of monetary compensation claim
16
−
−
(Note) The in-kind contribution of monetary compensation claim is based on the restricted stock compensation plan (transfer restriction period: 2 year).
   
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 69
Ahresty Report 2021
70
Per Share Information
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
(111.06) yen
   Net assets per share
 2,244.49
yen
 2,161.08
yen
 Net income or loss per share (26.77) yen
Diluted net income per share
 –
 –
 Notes: 1. For fully diluted net income per share, no figure is recorded as it is a net loss per share, although latent shares exist.
2. The following shows the basis of calculation of net loss per share.
   Net income per share
   Net income or loss attributable to owners of parent (million yen)
Net income or loss attributable to owners of parent (related to common shares) (million yen)
Diluted net income per share
Increase in number of common shares
Important Subsequent Events
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
(685)
(685)
–
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
(2,843)
(2,843)
–
Amount that does not belong to ordinary shareholders (million yen)
–
–
Average number of shares during the period
 25,615,168
 25,599,845
 Net income attributable to owners of parent (million yen)
–
–
Outline of latent shares without dilution effect not taken into account for calculation of diluted net income per share
 –
 –
 (Disposition of treasury shares as stock compensation)
At its meeting held on June 16, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company passed a resolution on the disposition of treasury shares (hereinafter the “Disposition of Treasury Shares”) as stock compensation as follows.
1. Overview of the disposition
(1) Date of disposition July 1, 2021
(2) Class and number of shares to be disposed of 124,757 shares of the Company’s common stock (3) Disposition price ¥524 per share
(4) Total amount of disposition ¥65 million
(5) Persons subject to allotment and number thereof and number of shares to be allotted
Directors (excluding directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members):
Five persons; 93,089 shares
Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding independent directors): One person; 4,561 shares
Executive officers: Seven persons; 27,107 shares
(6) Other N/A
2. Purpose and reason for the disposition
At its meeting held on May 30, 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company resolved to introduce a restricted stock compensation plan (hereinafter the “Plan”) as a new compensation plan for the directors (excluding independent directors, hereinafter the “Target Directors”) and executive officers of the Company for the purpose of providing them with an incentive to work on the sustainable enhancement of the Company’s corporate value, further promoting the sharing of value with shareholders, and further increasing the linkage with medium- to long-term performance targets.
At its meeting held on June 16, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company passed the following resolution: Based on the plan, the Company will provide a monetary compensation claim to the Target Directors and executive officers, and the Target Directors and executive officers will pay all of the monetary compensation claims as in-kind contributions. The Company will then subscribe for its common shares to be allotted with the Disposition of Treasury Shares.
3. Overview of the Plan
The Target Directors and executive officers will pay all of the monetary compensation claims provided to them based on the Plan as in-kind contributions and will receive the issuance or disposition of the Company’s common shares. The total number of common shares that the Company will issue or dispose of to the Target Directors based on the Plan will be 240,000 shares or less, and the amount to be paid in per share will be the closing price of the Company’s common shares at the Tokyo Stock Exchange on the business day before the date of resolution at the Board of Directors’ meeting (if the transaction is not closed on that day, the closing price on the transaction date immediately prior to that day).
For the issuance or disposition of the Company’s common shares based on the Plan, the Company will enter into a restricted share allotment contract (hereinafter the “Allotment Contract”) with the Target Directors and executive officers, and its content will include the following: (1) The Target Directors and executive officers may not transfer, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Company’s common shares allotted to them under the Allotment Contract for a certain period of time; and (2) If a certain event occurs, the Company will acquire its common shares without compensation.
This time, the Company has decided to give the Target Directors and executive officers monetary compensation claims of ¥65 million in total and 124,757 shares of its common stock based on the resolution made at the Board of Directors meeting held on June 16, 2021 for the purpose of promoting talented human resources as an officer and further motivating each Target Director and executive officer, taking into consideration the purpose of the Plan, the business performance of the Company, the degree of contribution of each Target Director and executive officer, the scope of their work responsibilities, and various other circumstances.
Current status of production, orders received, and sales
(1) Production results
Production results by segment for the past two consolidated fiscal years are shown below.
     Segment
Die Casting Business: North America
Aluminum Business Total
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020) Amount (¥ millions)
28,406 6,189 113,576
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021) Amount (¥ millions)
20,608 5,124 89,685
Increase/(decrease) %
(27.5) (17.2) (21)
 Die Casting Business: Japan
 54,988
 43,881
 (20.2)
 Die Casting Business: Asia
23,254
19,279
(17.1)
Proprietary Products Business
736
790
7.4
 Notes: 1. Monetary amounts are based on manufacturing costs, as available prior to inter-segment eliminations. 2. Consumption tax is not included in these amounts.
(2) Results of orders received
A significant part or our businesses depends on make-to-stock production based on informal orders received from customers, which are delivered (and sales recorded) for formal orders received several days prior to the date of delivery. Therefore the listing of results on orders received has been omitted.
   
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 71
Ahresty Report 2021
72
(3) Sales results
Sales results by business segment for the past two consolidated fiscal years are shown below.
     Segment
Die Casting Business: North America
Aluminum Business Total
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020) Amount (¥ millions)
30,633 3,993 120,577
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021) Amount (¥ millions)
21,628 3,483 92,973
(Decrease) %
(29.4) (12.8) (22.9)
 Die Casting Business: Japan
 59,500
 45,584
 (23.4)
 Die Casting Business: Asia
23,846
19,931
(16.4)
Proprietary Products Business
2,603
2,345
(9.9)
 Notes: 1. Transactions among segments have been balanced out.
2. Sales results by major customers for the past two consolidated fiscal years and the ratio of their sales to overall sales are as
follows.
Previous consolidated fiscal year
(From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Current consolidated fiscal year
(From April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021)
Amount (¥ millions) %
    Customer Amount (¥ millions) % 3. Consumption tax is not included in the above amounts.
 Subaru Corporation
  17,345
  14.4
  12,454
  13.4
     
The Tag line “Casting Our Eyes on the Future” embodies our business attitude of always moving forward by taking the initiative in Research and Development, Service and Technology and by keeping all of our attention here at Ahresty focused on our customers, the global environment and the future of Ahresty itself, to realize the corporate philosophy represented in our name.
The word “Casting” in the Tag line combines the meaning of “to throw one’s gaze” with its other meaning of “to shape molten metal in a mold” which is our main line of business, die casting.
Ahresty Corporation
Tokyo Head Office
Nakanosakaue Sunbright Twin 5F, 2-46-1 Honcho, Nakano-ku, Tokyo, 164-0012, Japan
TEL. +81-3-6369-8660 FAX. +81-3-5358-5331
Issue: September, 2021
         