Implement business strategies with an eye on the future automotive market
In addition to conventional product groups, we focus efforts on the development and sales of parts for electric vehicles and structural components that satisfy customer needs in response to the accelerating electrification of vehicles and tighter fuel economy regulations. We also aim to achieve a higher level of quality and productivity by enhancing our technological capabilities in each process, thereby gaining increased trust from customers.
⇒ P16-17. Aiming to contribute to reducing the weight of vehicles Changes in demand for die-cast products and
strategies for electrification
In line with the accelerating electrification of vehicles, the amount of die-cast products used in a vehicle will increase by around 20% for HEVs and PHEVs from that in a gasoline vehicle, because a pow- er control unit (hereinafter, PCU) parts, battery case, motor housing functions, etc. are added to these vehicles. On the other hand, a de- crease of around 20% is predicted for EVs because they need no parts for engines and transmissions, although some EV-dedicated parts will be added. As the global automobile sales volume contin- ues to be on the increase, global demand for die-cast products is expected to gradually increase for vehicles with internal combustion engines (gasoline vehicles, HEVs, PHEVs) in line with an increase in HEVs and PHEVs. In addition, EVs will emerge and expand as a new business field, expected to help increase demand and expand the market. Regionally, in China, the largest auto market in the world, the shift to EVs will be promoted by the Government while in India, a fast-growing market rivaling China, demand for automobiles with internal combustion engines will continue to increase.
[Business strategies in electrification]
For parts related to core technologies for electric vehicles (PCUs, motors, batteries), we will use our existing customer base and expe- rience in mass production to enhance our sales promotion activities. We see parts for eAxle, an integrated electric drive unit combin- ing motor, inverter and reducer to be installed in EVs, and battery parts as a new field in which we will expand our business. In the fast-growing markets of China and India, taking advantage of having production sites in both countries, we aim at further growth, with products and technology strategies appropriate for market expan- sion and speed of electrification.
Changes in the number of die-cast parts used per vehicle
Enhancing technological capabilities to cater to customer needs
To improve Ahresty’s MONOZUKURI capabilities, we are formulating a technology strategy based on the results of surveys of the market and external environment, interviews with customers and the like, and are promoting research and development according to the technology roadmap. Under the themes for “creating demand” and “improving productivity,” we are developing technologies that will contribute to reducing the weight, improving performance, reducing costs and en- ergy consumption, etc. for vehicles, and are working to improve the capabilities of each process.
Major awards in FY2020
•“Quality Production Cooperation Award” from SUBARU Corporation •“Letter of Appreciation for Quality Control Activities” from Toyota Mo-
tor Corporation
•“Appreciation for Superior Quality” from Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
•From Toyota Kirloskar Motor India
· Awarded in 3 segments: · ZERO Defects · Quality · Delivery
•“Overseas Contribution Award” from Suzuki Motor Corporation for the 3rd consecutive year
•“Best Performance Award” from JATCO Mexico, S.A. de C.V. for the 3rd consecutive year
•“Quality Excellence Award” from Isuzu Motors Limited
•“Cost Excellence Award” from Mitsubishi Motors Corporation •“Excellence Appreciation Award” from Yamada Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
FY2020 Customer Satisfaction Survey results (excerpts)
Survey period: December 2020 to January 2021 Survey target: Major customers in Japan Responses obtained: 24 persons from 20 companies
■Satisfied ■Somewhat satisfied ■Cannot say ■Somewhat dissatisfied ■Dissatisfied Product quality
     Conventional gasoline vehicle
Vehicle electrification (1) HEV/PHEV
Vehicle electrification (2) EV
100
■PCU/battery case, etc. ■Engine ■Transmission ■Steering ■Brakes ■Others  
  * Engine: Engine block, oil pan, etc. Transmission: Case, housing, etc.
Amount of die-cast products used
Aiming to gain high customer evaluations
Ahresty has been working on formulating Ahresty Standards, common rules for the Group, to bring MONOZUKURI (manufacturing) with the same quality level to all of its operation sites worldwide. We believe that the key to this goal is to adhere to the basics of MONOZUKURI and improve the assurance level for the completion of each process. For new products, we will further strengthen ties with the design team to improve our production preparations, aiming to ensure stable qual- ity and improve productivity in mass production. For mass production, we have been working to reduce variations in quality in our manufac- turing processes by examining the process quality control sheet and actual operations, thereby improving each process. In fiscal 2020, we were able to reduce the global number of complaints by 25% over the previous year. Ahresty will make continuous efforts to provide a con- stant supply of products of stable quality, so as to gain a higher level of trust from our customers. We believe that high evaluations by our customers will help each of the employees working at Ahresty to take pride in their manufacturing and develop an increased motivation for work.