Develop the human resources that underpin corporate growth
We will improve working conditions to create workplaces where no work-related accidents or injuries occur and where employees can work safely and comfortably in a healthy mental and physical state. We will also develop glob- ally-competitive human resources to create a company that enables employees to grow together with the company while finding their work rewarding and taking pride in it.
⇒ P28. Development of a corporate culture in which employees can observe their personal development and find their work rewarding.

Using ergonomics to create workplaces where workloads are low
We continuously improve the workplace environment by reducing oper- ations involving high physical workloads and making the workplace safe and comfortable for workers.
Targeting mainly operations that require the use of heavy tools or the handling of heavy items, we are implementing Kaizen initiatives to re- duce workloads while employing automation and Karakuri mechanisms to improve production efficiency. To assess the effects of Kaizen improve- ments, we conduct quantitative evaluations of the workload based on Ahresty’s own ergonomics evaluation standards and check the degree of satisfaction that the workers involved have with the improvements.
Developing comfortable working conditions
To develop comfortable working conditions, we improved ambient tem- peratures by installing air conditioners and other equipment that heats up or cools down, and reduced noise, including mainly the noise of ham- mering and air blow in the casting process. We simulate the effect of the improvements based on an analysis of noise waveform data to ensure that they are effective.

Eliminating industrial accidents and injuries
Ahresty has established an Occupational Safety and Health Policy and Ahresty Safety Awareness codes based on the principle of safe- ty first that apply to all production activities. Adopting the safety slogan “Find potential hazards in your workplace! Think and act safely by observing the rules!” for the three years from fiscal 2019 to 2021, Ahresty as a whole aims to develop a safe and comfortable working environment through carrying out a variety of safety activi- ties, including providing safety training programs, conducting safety patrols, improving equipment safety functions, and providing basic education to prevent fires and accidents.