Development of a corporate culture in which employees can observe their personal development and find their work rewarding
Ahresty is committed to developing a safe and comfortable corporate culture in which each employee can grow through their work while being in good health both mentally and physically, and have pride and motivation in their work and workplace.
Occupational Safety and Health Policy
Top Management’s Commitment
Top management will establish occupational safety and health management systems to develop and maintain a working environment where all associates at the Ahresty Group can work without risk to health and safety.
Top management will also establish a Safety & Health Management Committee at each site, which reflects associate feedback to the systems to promote continual improvement.
Our Declaration
We at Ahresty will:
1.Work with Ahresty Safety Awareness in mind;
2.Work toward occupational safety and health goals to achieve a healthy workplace with
zero accidents;
3.Comply with occupational safety and health requirements, such as national and local
laws and regulations; and
4.Strive to develop a safety working environment and raise safety awareness through in-
volvement in occupational safety and health activities, such as risk assessment, educa- tion and training, HHK and KY activities.
Health and productivity management
Ahresty conducts its corporate activities under its Corporate Philos- ophy “Let us take pride in our work, respect theory and experimen- tation, value originality and invention and offer superior products and service to our customers,” and the 10-Year Vision formulated in 2015 of “Winning absolute customers’ trust 2025.” We are working to offer superior products that meet expectations and services that satisfy customers’ needs. To win the absolute trust of our custom- ers, a daily blending of theory and experimentation, and originality and invention is necessary. And we believe that all of these can be achieved if each of our employees takes pride in their work.
For the health of employees and their families, Ahresty positions promotion and maintenance of the health of employees as one of its important management tasks and has introduced “health and pro- ductivity management*.”
* The term “health and productivity management” is a registered trademark of the Nonprofit Organization Kenkokeiei.
Promoting Diversity & Inclusion
Creating a workplace where diverse human resources can play active roles
Supporting participation of women
At Ahresty, all female employees may take maternity leave before and after childbirth and child care leave. Male employees are also encouraged to take childcare leave. To support female employees in playing an active role throughout the different stages of their lives, Ahresty is working to establish an environment in which employees feel comfortable in taking maternity and childcare leave, and which allows them to work reduced hours after their leave until their chil- dren are in the third year of elementary school, helping them balance childcare and work. Ahresty has also introduced various other pro- grams to promote flexible workstyles, including a flextime program, teleworking (home working), and a nursing care leave system.
Employing persons with disabilities
On October 1, 2020, Ahresty established Ahresty Inclusive Service Corporation, a shared service company, to improve the efficiency of administrative operations with the Group. The company is mainly in charge of personnel and labor affairs, such as salary calculation, employee stock ownership association, retirement benefits, and cor- porate pensions. All staff members, including six handicapped em- ployees, play active roles appropriate to their respective aptitudes. Ahresty Inclusive Service will continue to promote recruitment and training of employees with disabilities and provide them with work that can make them motivated and place where they can work pleas- antly, creating workplaces in which many different kinds of people are working.
* They took off their masks for a short time only for the photo shoot.
Active employment of seniors
Ahresty has a re-employment system for retired employees aged 60 or over and actively hires those who apply for the program. Making use of their abundant knowledge and know-how, experienced senior employees (skilled workers) train young or mid-career employees and teach them techniques and skills.
Re-employment rate of employees retiring at the age of 60
(%)
100 90.0
80 60 40 20
0 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
For higher quality and improved productivity Development of human resources that underpin our MONOZUKURI To achieve high manufacturing quality and productivity, Ahresty is committed to human resources development that follows its stra- tegic human resources plan (human resources roadmap) both inside and outside of Japan. The human resources roadmap is formulated for each Command to support their human resources development. In the MONOZUKURI (manufacturing) segment, training programs to develop specialists are offered to help improve the specialized capabilities of each job. In fiscal 2020, Ahresty standardized system diagrams and competency evaluation tables for each specialized job type to develop human resources with equal competency regardless of their job type or work location.
The training system consists of common education programs for all employees and specialized education programs designed to teach a range of professional skills, allowing employees to receive training of the same quality at all sites. Moreover, we organize a Productivity Improvement Report Meeting as a forum to learn and exercise the statistical techniques and management technologies necessary for the use of Ahresty’s proprietary technologies. We train team leaders of our manufacturing processes to be G/E Trainers who have ac- quired the skills necessary to analyze the current situation and find concrete solutions to problems and to offer guidance and instruc- tion to their team. We also hold a Global Kaizen Meeting, where engineers from all bases gather together to exchange technologies and mutually improve their skills through the presentation of Kaizen cases and group discussions. Through these programs and events, Ahresty works to develop human resources who support its manu- facturing in various ways.
         