Sustainability▶ Promotion of Diversity
 Promotion of Diversity
    Realization of job satisfaction reform
The Group promotes “job satisfaction reform” by promoting diversity and achieving a work-life balance. The Group's philosophy of "job satisfaction reform" is to realize both individual job satisfaction and organizational productivity improvement at the same time by comprehensively incorporating the promotion of diversity that generates
Realization of innovation
Realization of
job satisfaction reform
Productivity improvement
      Realization of innovation
Innovation
To foster a corporate culture in which all employees can
demonstrate their System to help
Productivity improvement
Realization of productivity improvement
    innovation and the realization of work-life improves productivity.
Background
With an expected decrease in labor force due to the declining birthrate and aging population and the importance of promoting women’s empowerment recognized, the promotion of diversity will provide an environment in which diverse human resources can demonstrate their abilities, thereby strengthening the competitiveness of companies.
Long-term targets
2025 Ratio of women in management positions: 30% 2030 Ratio of women in management positions: Aim for
50%, equal to the ratio of women to total labor force 2030 Aim for retirement at 70
2030 Employment ratio of the disabled: 3.0%
Promotion of women’s empowerment
The Group promotes the utilization of human resources based on individual abilities, aptitudes, motivation, etc. regardless of gender.
In addition to establishing a support system for balancing work and childcare for women raising children, the JFR Women's School is held to foster awareness of long-term career development. These initiatives are intended to enhance not only job comfort but also job satisfaction for women raising children. In 2019, in order to improve the environment surrounding female employees, we conducted training for managerial people to deepen their awareness and understanding of gender bias.
*Ratio of women in management positions: 16.6% (consolidated)
Introduction of retirement at 65
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores extended its retirement age to 65 in March 2020. Other operating companies are also considering the extension of the mandatory retirement age to 65. We aim to increase productivity and added value by leveraging the skills and know-how of seniors.
abilities regardless of gender
Initiatives to support work-life balance
Work-life balance initiatives by individuals
balance that
individuals improve their skills
    Outline of actions
Future direction
We are working to develop support systems tailored to each life stage, such as childcare and nursing care. We are also promoting new forms of recruitment, such as mid-career recruitment of highly specialized human resources and women who are raising children (Mother Recruitment).
We will strive to create an organization where diverse human resources can fully demonstrate their individual abilities and generate innovation. In addition, we will create educational opportunities to improve the skills of employees and support individual skill development.
   52
Major actions in fiscal 2019 (partially in fiscal 2020)
● Promoted women’s empowerment
● Introduced retirement at 65 (Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores) ● Efforts to employ the disabled
● LGBT initiatives
● Formulated human rights policy
Employment of persons with disabilities
The Group recognizes that the employment of people with disabilities is a corporate social responsibility and promotes the employment of people with disabilities and the improvement of the work environment at operating companies.
*Employment ratio of the disabled: 2.21% (Employment ratio in the special scope of subsidiaries as of June 2019)
LGBT initiatives
The Group prohibits discrimination and harassment against sexual orientation and gender identity under the JFR Principles of Action. Training sessions were held to deepen the understanding of management and human resource division managers. Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores also engages in a variety of activities including events targeting LGBT customers.