 Social
Fair Business Practices and Consumer Issues
Survey for suppliers
We have been conducting a survey for suppliers with respect to compliance with the CSR Guidelines since 2017. This survey evaluated each company in relation to CSR activities, including compliance with laws and social norms, ensuring that corporate activities are fair and equitable, and concern for human rights and labor health and safety issues, as well as other matters. By providing feedback on the survey results to suppliers and encouraging them to make improvements, we are working to enhance awareness of CSR-related pro- curement throughout the supply chain as a whole.
VOICE
Based on trust relationships built over 30 years
By collaborating with our suppliers on the basis of mutual trust, we are able to provide customers with appealing products that they can use with safety and peace of mind. This helps improve the brand power of Sangetsu over the entire supply chain.
Applicable SDGs
FUSOGOSEI Co., Ltd.
Mr. Tomomi Tsukagoshi Director
General Manager of Manufacturing Control Department
     Mr. Osamu Kimura Director
General Manager of Sales Manegement Department
   ESG and CSR Policies
Promoting social responsibility in the supply chain
Promoting fair transactions
We aim to fulfill our social responsibilities through sound business activities based on mutual trust and cooperation with suppliers while giving consideration to the environment, safety, human rights, and other issues. Accordingly, we have developed the Sangetsu CSR Procurement Policy and Sangetsu SCR Guidelines for Business Partners to put in place a system for enhancing actions for quality, the environ- ment, and CSR in the supply chain. The latter has been developed for all products and materials bearing our brand name (including products sold on a dealership basis).
Fiscal 2020 Targets/Specific Measures
• Survey for domestic suppliers
• Percentage of suppliers awarded a “B” rating: 70% in fiscal 2022
• Survey for overseas suppliers and results analysis
• Develop products that meet customer needs and provide
solutions to their problems.
While many of our products are manufactured by suppli- ers, we are continuing to promote CSR activities throughout the supply chain to ensure high quality in the manufacture of products that meet environmental and social needs.
Enhancing customer service
In spite of less opportunities to provide interior trends and our products at actual exhibitions and events, we are offering services corresponding to the “new normal” given changes in the environment.
Communications with partners and customers
We hold a national meeting with sales agencies every year. It gives us an opportunity to report performance, share a medium-term management plan and a scenario for strategic growth in cooperation with sales agencies, and help sales agencies socialize.
The meeting was held online in fiscal 2021, after being inevitably can- celled due to the pandemic in fiscal 2020
We are a manufacturer of interior products including flooring materials, wallcoverings, and other interior products for construction. We have engaged in contract production of many products for over 30 years, satisfying the level of design and quality required by Sangetsu and using our platemaking technique that is our strength. Truly, we have grown together with Sangetsu.
Concerning environmental and social issues, we have contributed to the community, for instance, by reducing waste with reference to Sangetsu’s ESG activities and CSR- conscious procurement. In January 2021, the Kuki Facility introduced a cogeneration system. It generates about 60% of the electricity consumed by the facility and reduces CO2 by about 30%. Enabling autonomous operation with a built-in storage battery, the system plays the role of providing an emergency power supply in the case of disasters based on an agreement that has been concluded with the city of Kuki to cooperate in accepting those who have the difficulty returning home in case of disaster.
Based on established relationships of trust, we will under- take efforts to raise quality and advance sustainability.
Opening of Sangetsu Space Creation Park
Sangetsu Space Creation Park proposes interior design ideas to meet the needs of various facilities such as healthcare and hospitality with the concept “Give colors and solutions to your creativity and
imagination.” It showcases a full lineup of interior products includ- ing new items.
Introduction of Sangetsu Official Instagram account
We have established an official Instagram account linked with the existing official corporate website. We recognize that information sourced from social media can have a great impact on consumers with more people using smartphones today. Our page offers useful infor- mation for selecting interior elements.
     38 SANGETSU Report 2021
SANGETSU Report 2021 39
Domestic and overseas supplier assessment rating (Non-consolidated)
 D rating (10-29) 6.6% (15 Companies) C rating (30-49) 8.8% (20 companies) B rating (50-69) 28.5% (65 companies)
Number of
companies answered: 228
E rating
(A score of 9 and below)
0.9% (2 companies) A+ rating (90-100))
28.9% (66 companies)
A rating (70-89) 26.3% (60 companies)
       Efforts toward Sustainability