             
 Contents
Visit the Daio Paper Group website. https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/
  SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
SECTION 02
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
03 Management Philosophy of the Daio Paper 23 Group
● Purpose (raison d’être) of the Group
05 Message from the Chairman 25 07 Message from the President and CEO 27
13 History of the Daio Paper Group
● Speedy decision-making and great 29
implementation ability
15 At a Glance 31 17 Strengths of the Daio Paper Group
Daio Paper Group’s Vision and Medium-Term Business Plans
● Roadmap to Realizing the Long-Term Vision Review of the Medium-Term Business Plans
Overview of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan
Message from the Officer Responsible for Financial Affairs
Toward Achievement of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan
● Paper & Paperboard Unit
● Home & Personal Care Unit
19 Material Issues of the Daio Paper Group ● Identifying material issues
21 Value Creation of the Daio Paper Group POINT
Section 01 describes the history, strengths, and material issues of the Daio Paper Group, shares messages from the top management, and tells the story of how the Group creates value to fulfill its purpose (raison d’être).
Reporting Period
April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021
(Some information from outside the reporting period is also included.)
Scope of Report
This report covers the 39 Daio Paper Group companies. However,
the environmental data covers the production bases of Daio Paper Corporation and the following 27 consolidated subsidiaries:
Iwaki Daio Paper Corporation; Dainichi Paper Corporation; Otsu Paper Board Co., Ltd.; Harima Paper Tech. Corporation; Taisei Paper Corporation; Marubishi Paper Tec. Corporation; Elleair Paper Co., Ltd.; Akabira Paper Corporation; Elleair Product Co., Ltd.; Daio Paper Products Corporation; Daio Printing Corporation; Miura Printing Corporation; Daio Postal Chemical Corporation; Daiwa Shiko Co., Ltd.; Senmeisha Corporation; Daio Package Corporation; Yorii Insatsu Shiki Co., Ltd.; Uemura Shiko Corporation; Daio Mill Support Co., Ltd.; Daio Mill Support Tokai Corporation; Elleair Texel
35 Feature 1 Overseas Strategies and Specific Initiatives
    POINT
POINT
This section presents our initiatives to contribute to achieving the SDGs by solving social issues through business operations for sustainable growth, compiles such initiatives according
to the four pillars of our management philosophy, and explains our governance structure and approach that underpin them in terms of management.
Period Covered by Fiscal Year
In this report, FY2020 denotes the consolidated fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The same applies to other fiscal years.
Inquiries
Sustainability Promotion Department, Daio Paper Corporation Iidabashi Grand Bloom, 10-2, Fujimi 2-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 102-0071, Japan
Tel.: +81-3-6856-7500
Description of Future Outlook
Forward-looking statements included in this report are based on various assumptions and do not assure or guarantee the achievement of future financial figures or the attainment of measures.
POINT
Presented here are various data, including analysis of results of operations and financial condition, financial statements, and other financial data as well as information on business bases.
This section provides a review of the past medium-term business plans, an overview of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan, an explanation about support from the financial aspect, and information on the specific policies of each business, the feasibility of plans and the outlook for sustainable growth.
Corporation; Forestal Anchile LTDA; Elleair International (Thailand) Co., Ltd.; Elleair International China (Nantong) Co., Ltd.; PT. Elleair International Manufacturing Indonesia; Elleair International Turkey Kişisel Bakım Ürünleri Üretim A.S.; Santher – Fábrica de Papel Santa Therezinha S/A
Guidelines Used as Reference
Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018 (Ministry of the Environment, Japan); ISO 26000; International Integrated Reporting Framework Japanese translation (International Integrated Reporting Council [IIRC]); Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, Japan)
Publication Period
October 2021 (Publication of the next report is scheduled for October 2022.)
Fax: +81-3-6856-7605
External Evaluations
Selected as a brand in the Health & Productivity Stock Selection, a first in the pulp and paper industry
* “健康経営” (lit. “Health Management”)
is a registered trademark of Nonprofit Organization Kenkokeiei.
Recognized as one of the White 500 enterprises in the large enterprise category under the Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program for the fourth consecutive year
           1 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 2
Rated highest in the DBJ Employees’ Health Management Rating for the fifth consecutive year
 SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
39 Daio Abundant and Affable Future 2030
41 Material Issues and Contribution to Achieving the SDGs
43 Dedicated: Dedication to Manufacturing
45 Attentive: Bonds with Local Communities
47 Integrated: Corporate Culture Providing Safety and Motivation to Work
49 Organic: Contribution to the Global Environment
51 Feature 2 Initiatives toward a Carbon-free Society
55 Corporate Governance
● Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and
Executive Officers
● Basic Policy on Corporate Governance
● Overview of the Corporate Governance Structure
● Reasons for Selection of Each Outside Officer
● EvaluationoftheEffectivenessoftheBoardofDirectors
● Skills Matrix
● Message from an Outside Director
SECTION 04
Data and Information
65 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
67 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Cash Flows
70 Consolidated Financial Statements ● Consolidated Balance Sheet
71 Consolidated Financial Statements ● Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
72 Consolidated Financial Statements ● Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows
73 Investor Information and Corporate Data / Network
●
  
Shaping an Abundant and Affable Future for the World
Management Philosophy
Under our corporate motto of Passion with Sincerity (our value), we will achieve Three Well-beings (our vision) and
realize an abundant and affable future (our mission).
This is our management philosophy— “Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world”—embodied.
This is our raison d’être—our purpose.
The four pillars of our management philosophy form the foundation to realize our goal of an abundant and affable future.
The embodiment of these four principles will “shape an abundant and affable future for the world.”
We will incorporate the Three Well-beings that must be achieved into our business management.
Keeping in mind our corporate motto and unchanging values “Passion with Sincerity,” we will continue to take on challenges.
 3 Integrated Report 2021
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04
II
OO
DD
AA
IntegIrnategdrated
OrganOircganic
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
  ManMaagneamgenmtePnhtilPohsoilopshoyphy
ShaSphianpginagnaAnbAubnudnandtanant danAdffAafbflaebFleutFurteufroerfothrethWeoWrlodrld
OuOr guoragl:oal:
To Treoalriezaeliazne abnuanbduandtaantdanaffdaabffleabfuletufureture
  DedicaDtedicated
AttentAivtetentive
DedicDatieodnictaotimonantoufmacatnuurifnacgturing
BondsBwonitdhslwociathlclomcamlcuonmitmieusnities
CorpCoroartpeocrualtteucruelpturorevipdrionvgiding
ContCriobnutrioibnutoiotnhetogtlohbeagllobal
safetysafnetdymanodtivmatoitoinvation envireonvmireontment
towotrokwork
ProtecPtrwotelcl-tbweienllg-boefinthgeobfothdey body
We wilWl meawkeillhmygaikeenheygiene producptrsoadcucecstsiabclece,isnssibpliere,inspire good hgaoboitds,hparboitesc, tpproetoepcltep’seople’s health,haenadlthre,alnizderaenalinzecluansivineclusive societysionceievteyriynceovmermyucnoimtym. unity.
ThTrehereWeWelle-ll-
1. H1.yHgiyegniene
bebineginsgs
    2. L2i.fLeife
RestorRewstoelrle-bweienllg-boefinthgeoefatrhteh earth
We wilWl aectwivielllyactoivnesleyrvceonthserve the environemnveirnotnamndenretgaennderreagtenthereatethe earth beaacrkthinbtoacak pinlatoneat pwlaitnhet with abundanbtunadtaunrtenwahtuerewdihveresediverse organisomrgsacnoiesmxistcaonedxitshtrainved.thrive.
EnhanEcnehwaneclle-bweienllg-boefinligfeostfylliefesstyles
We wilWl perowvildl eprsoevrvidiceesetrhvaictes that enhanceenlhifaensctyelelisf,eismtypleros,viemtphreove the qualityqoufalliiftey, oafnldifen, anbdleepneaobplelepeople to leadtohalepapdy haanpdpeynarincdhienngrilcivheisn.g lives.
3. R3e. gRengernaetrioantion
Integrated Report 2021 4
  r
r
u
u
o
o
F
F
p
p
i
i
l
l
a
a
r
r
s
s
yy
t
t
i
i
r
r
ee
c
c
C
C
nn
i
i
o
o
S
S
r
r
h
h
t
t
i
i
p
p
ww
n
n
o
o
o
o
i
i
s
s
s
s
r
r
a
a
t
t
e
e
M
M
o
o
t
t
t
t
o
o
:
:
a
a
P
P
l
l

 Message from the Chairman
Striving for Sustainable Growth toward 2026 and Beyond in Fidelity to Our Founding Spirit and Unchanging Values of “Passion with Sincerity” and the Principle of Putting the Actual Locations of Operations First
 T he COVID-19 pandemic is still raging all over the world, although significant progress has been
made in vaccinations. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the families of COVID-19 victims.
In 2020, amid the pandemic and the resulting dysfunction of supply chains worldwide, the Daio Paper Group promptly started producing face masks in Japan. Since then, we have enhanced our system for face mask supply in hopes that our products will help medical professionals and other essential workers in the forefront of combating this infectious disease. As a manufacturer of products that support people’s lives and society, we have been working to ensure business continuity while also placing priority on assuring the health and safety of Daio Paper Group employees and their families.
Since earlier this year, the management of the Daio Paper Group has been refreshed with Mr. Yorifusa Wakabayashi appointed as President, Representative Director, and CEO, and myself as Chairman and Representative Director. Looking back on my ten years of leading the Group as president from June 2011, it struck me that I have never felt satisfied for even the briefest moment. The Great East Japan Earthquake occurred in March 2011 just before my appointment as president. As the vice president in charge of production then, I immediately rushed to Iwaki City in Fukushima Prefecture and Sakura City in Tochigi Prefecture, the disaster-affected areas where manufacturing companies in our Group were located, to provide relief supplies, help the plants recover from any disaster damage, and secure product distribution lines. I was appointed as president amid such great turmoil, soon after which a scandal came to light in September of the same year. In the face of many severe difficulties that emerged after,
I have done my best in the firm belief that employees are closely watching how I work, so, as the corporate leader, I must not escape from or waver in front of any difficulties.
In 2012, the reformed Daio Paper Group made a fresh start by formulating the First Medium-Term Business Plan for the subsequent three years and setting a goal
to achieve in 15 years by the end of FY2026. During
the nine-year period of the First to Third Medium-Term
Business Plans from 2012, we have made Group-wide efforts to implement various measures to achieve the goal. A major factor behind our reform efforts was changes in our Group’s business environment. Against the background of progress in digitalization, we were facing a significant decline in demand for graphic paper—paper for reading and writing use—which had long been the core of our Group’s business. The Group’s sustainable growth required a radical shift in its business structure. Therefore, with strong determination, we carried out the structural reform of our Paper Business, that is, a shift to more profitable types of products,
under the First Medium-Term Business Plan. Since the Second Medium-Term Business Plan, we have shifted
the focus of our Paper and Paperboard Business from graphic paper to containerboard, for which demand remains strong, and have further changed our course toward the expansion of the Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business, whose product lineup includes facial and toilet tissues of rapidly growing demand, making active capital investments. Moreover, we have expanded our business into overseas markets, which we view as our growth drivers. Beginning with Thailand in 2011, we have established operational bases in China, Indonesia, Turkey, and Brazil to build a full-scale global network.
In terms of business performance, the Daio Paper Group has taken steady steps toward growth despite the decline in the entire market for the papermaking industry. I believe that we have achieved this thanks to the understanding and support of various stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, and suppliers, and most importantly, thanks to the cooperation of all Daio Paper Group employees. During these nine years, the attitudes of employees have significantly changed. We have significantly slimmed down our organizations, including the Mishima Mill, taking such decisive action as reducing the workforce by calling for Daio Paper Corporation employees to retire voluntarily. It was a very tough decision for me to make, and it still pains my heart to think of it today. I have personally went
to where our employees work and explained to them time after time, “All of us remaining at the Company must do our best with a positive attitude while keeping in mind the thoughts of other employees who had
to leave the Company.” I have visited our mills and subsidiaries over a hundred times to share directly with Daio Paper Group employees my vision of the fresh start of the reformed Group. During these nine years, the occasion of my greatest happiness has been the annual ceremony for commending employees of great service. At every ceremony, I listened to the presentations
of the commended employees explaining how they accomplished what they did, and it warmed my heart
to notice that our employees were becoming more independent and self-directed.
Our approach of Group-wide integrated operations, which tears down hierarchical barriers, has also taken
a considerably firm hold on the Group. The principle
of putting the actual locations of operations first has permeated the entire Group, whose sales philosophy
is “What is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives.” While valuing our relationships with distributors, we have consistently maintained the stance of readily visiting the actual locations of where our products are sold or used and listening attentively to our users. Neither position nor title matters—all of us
in the Daio Paper Group, including me as the president, carry this out. Through this, the speed with which all
of us can detect changes in the market has accelerated our decision-making, enabling our Group to occupy
a relatively advantageous position in the industry.
I have read daily sales reports written by our sales representatives every day over the past nine years. This is because I recognize that it is of the highest importance to know what is happening at the actual locations
of operations when making corporate management decisions.
I suppose that, as a president appointed amid the great turmoil of an emergency, I have used a management method that may be described as top-down. However, to continue to grow sustainably, the Daio Paper Group will have to abandon the top-down management method. Mr. Wakabayashi—the new president with vast experience, great achievements, and favorable qualities—is a bottom-up-style leader who can unite
all employees while valuing their individual opinions.
I suppose that the Daio Paper Group will face various difficulties in the process of implementing the fourth, fifth, and subsequent Medium-Term Business Plans,
but I trust that he will lead the Group to overcome such difficulties with fierce determination and an unwavering focus on the Group’s goal, while keeping the corporate motto “Passion with Sincerity” as our unchanging value. Yoshida Shoin, a 19th-century Japanese intellectual, once said: “A lack of dreams means a lack of ideals. A lack of ideals means a lack of plans. A lack of plans means a lack of implementation. A lack of implementation means
a lack of success. Therefore, a lack of dreams means
a lack of success.” I hope that the new president will have ambitious dreams and devote himself to further developing the Daio Paper Group.
A company should not only pursue profits—that is pure greed—but also contribute to raising the living standards of all people living on Earth and to increasing employment and invigorating the local communities in the areas where the company operates. I will support the new management so that the Daio Paper Group will be able to practice its management philosophy “Shaping an Abundant and Affable Future for the World” from such a perspective.
5 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 6
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTI
ON 03 SECTION 04
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
Masayoshi Sako
Chairman and Representative Director
   
 Message from
the President and CEO
Yorifusa Wakabayashi
President and Representative Director Chief Executive Officer
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04
Making a Total Commitment to Achieving the Targets Set in the Medium-Term Business Plan and Fulfilling the Long-Term Vision with the Aim of “Shaping an Abundant and Affable Future for the World”
with the foundation for sustainable growth toward the centenary of Daio Paper’s founding.
Furthermore, we have declared that we will achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, more distant in the future than our centenary. Meeting
the Daio Paper Group’s responsibilities for solutions to climate change, the top-priority global challenge, requires us to overcome many barriers. To become a strong corporate group that can overcome such barriers, we will make a strong commitment to fulfilling our long-term vision. We in the Daio Paper Group aim to practice our management philosophy “Shaping an Abundant and Affable Future
for the World” through our business activities based on our corporate motto “Passion with Sincerity,” in other words, to contribute to the fulfilled, happy, and safe lives of people around the world.
Integrated operations as a business model with the strength of fueki ryuko (permanence and readiness for change)
The foundation for our efforts to achieve this aim lies in our long-cherished, permanent corporate motto “Passion with Sincerity” and our ability to change based on our prompt decision-making. I believe that our strength lies in this good combination of permanence and readiness for change, or fueki ryuko in Japanese. The spirit expressed in our corporate motto, which our founder left to us as the credo that
he had discovered after his struggle against many challenges, is permanent and will never change. The “three gen” principle of solving a problem by going to the actual location (genba), inspecting the actual situation (genbutsu),
and ascertaining the actual facts (genjitsu), which is embodied by the sales philosophy “What is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives,” has also widely permeated Daio Paper together with the corporate motto. Meanwhile, the Daio Paper Group’s reformative ability to implement comparative advantage strategies more quickly than the speed at which its business environment changes can
be described as the Group’s readiness for change. This ability is underpinned by the Daio Paper Group’s business model of Group-wide integrated operations, which is evident from the absence of organizational barriers despite the Group’s division into two businesses: the B2B
Value Creation Story
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
 7 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 8
To shape an abundant and affable future for the world
Passion and sincerity lead to greatness—that was the principle that Daio Paper’s founder, Isekichi Ikawa, lived by. Embracing this founding spirit as its credo, Daio Paper has achieved business growth while responding to changes in the business environment and social needs since its founding in 1943. The world
today faces many difficult global challenges, including climate change and the pandemic. In addition, our business environment has experienced very rapid changes, such as
a radical shift to decarbonization and the acceleration of digitalization.
Amid such a situation, I was appointed as President, Representative Director, and CEO in April 2021, which also marked the start of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan, the latest
of the three-year business plans the Group has implemented since 2012. In May 2023, the final year of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan, Daio Paper will celebrate the 80th anniversary of its founding. I believe that the fulfillment of our long-term vision of becoming a corporate group with net sales of 800 billion to 1 trillion yen in FY2026, the final year of the Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan, which will follow the current Fourth Plan, will provide the Group
   
 Message from the President and CEO
SECTION 01 SECTION 02
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
9 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 10
Paper and Paperboard Business and the B2C Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business. For example, a sales representative in charge of newsprint may recommend our toilet tissue to newspaper companies, while an H&PC sales representative may introduce our copy paper to hospitals. Our integrated operation business model enables all Group companies to align with each other toward business growth. Thoroughly integrated operations, which cover not only sales representatives but also mill
and factory workers, as well as staff in charge of development, marketing, and back-office functions, are a strength and asset of the Daio Paper Group.
Our great strengths and assets also lie
in the flexible production system and cost competitiveness of the Mishima Mill (Ehime Prefecture, Japan), one of the world’s largest coastal paper mills and the Daio Paper Group’s core paper mill. This mill boasts
high competitiveness in pulp production, an original technology for processing recovered paper, its advantageous location next to an international trade port, and production equipment for most kinds of pulp and paper. The Mishima Mill is advantageous in being able to shift flexibly between different production systems according to changes in demand and thus supports the Daio Paper Group’s business growth.
Review of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan: Achieving net sales growth for the eighth consecutive fiscal year and establishing an all-time record in net profit in FY2020
During the period of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan until FY2020, we were actively committed to implementing our priority measures: the radical cross-business structural reforms of the Paper and Paperboard Business and the H&PC Business; the global expansion and strengthening of profitability of the H&PC Business; and new businesses. We accelerated our shift from graphic paper, for which demand was rapidly declining, to packaging paper, for which demand was strong against the backdrop of enormous e-commerce demand, and to household paper products, for which new needs would be created due to consumers’ heightened hygiene consciousness and lifestyle changes.
<Major initiatives implemented during the period of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan>
● Converting the paper machine at the
Mishima Mill into a containerboard machine and beginning to export high-quality containerboard with advanced functions to China and other Asian markets
● Implementing M&A of corrugated container companies to enhance the downstream business, and promoting the integrated production of all types of paper, from containerboard to corrugated container products
● Installing a machine for household paper products at the Kawanoe Mill (Ehime Prefecture, Japan) and restarting the operation of the mill as a production base for household paper products to strengthen our system for providing household paper products to the domestic and overseas markets
● Strengthening our system for providing products combating COVID-19 (mainly
by starting the domestic production of disposable face masks and increasing the production output of sanitizing wipes and paper towels)
● Pursuing multi-category business expansion in overseas markets, especially in China, Thailand, and Indonesia
● Entering new markets in South America and the Middle East (by acquiring hygiene product manufacturers in Brazil and Turkey)
As a result of these initiatives, although our consolidated net sales for FY2020 fell slightly short of the target set in the Third Medium- Term Business Plan, we achieved all other targets for our FY2020 consolidated financial results. In FY2020, we achieved an increase in net sales for the eighth consecutive fiscal year and a growth in profit attributable to owners of parent for the third consecutive fiscal year, with the latter an all-time records.
Business strategies in the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan
It is predicted that, despite the upward trend
in the Japanese economy mainly due to progress in COVID-19 vaccinations and the economic recovery in China and the U.S., the future of the Japanese economy will remain uncertain against the background of prolonged U.S.–China trade friction, more infectious coronavirus variants, and other circumstances.
In April 2021, amid this situation, the Daio Paper Group launched the Fourth Medium- Term Business Plan, which establishes the basic policies of (1) establishing a strong and resilient business portfolio, (2) improving financial strength, and (3) responding to climate change (achieving carbon-neutral status by 2050).
As detailed elsewhere in this report,
in response to the aforementioned
consistent decline in paper demand due to paperless work and home environments
and digitalization, we will continue to shift the focus from graphic paper to packaging paper, for which demand is expected to remain strong. In addition, heightened public awareness of the environment has increased the need for products that can serve as plastic alternatives, such as unbleached kraft paper and EliPla+, which are high value-added and have high unit price. We will also strive to increase sales of these products.
In the H&PC Business, we will make maximum use of the brand power of Elleair, the most popular brand in the Japanese household paper product market, to achieve synergy between household paper products
and absorbent products in sales promotion. We will provide our absorbent products, including disposable baby diapers, for which our market share significantly increased as a result of last year’s major product redesign, disposable
adult diapers, and sanitary napkins to further contribute to solving social challenges, such as addressing the problem of an aging population combined with a declining birthrate and extending healthy life expectancy.
Meanwhile, in terms of the procurement of fluff pulp* which is a main material of absorbent products, we have so far relied on overseas suppliers mainly in northern Europe and Brazil. However, lessons learnt from having to suspend supply of product due to global supply chain disruptions amid the early waves of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 have caused us to decide to start producing fluff pulp in-house at the Mishima Mill to avoid
risk. It will not be easy to start Japan’s first
fluff pulp production due to issues such as
cost, but we will readily take up this challenge, which we believe matches the social mission
of our Company as a manufacturer of essential products.
During the period of the Fourth Medium- Term Business Plan, our overseas H&PC Business will be our top-line growth driver. In this business, we aim to achieve net sales of 135.0 billion yen, more than double the current figure. We will work to not only increase local sales of products manufactured locally in the countries where we already have production bases but also export those products to neighboring countries with the aim of expanding our geographic reach using our production bases
*Fluff pulp: Pulp that is mixed with superabsorbent polymers in the production process of absorbent products such as disposable diapers
    
 Message from the President and CEO
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
SECTION 02 SECTION 03
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
as footholds. We will also strive to make
a further leap through strategic M&A and
the creation of synergy out of that, as well
as the exploration of frontier markets. In
the huge market of China in particular, our disposable baby diapers are recognized under the nickname of “diapers of Dawang” (the Chinese reading of the characters “Daio,” meaning “king”), and we have been widely accepted as the highest-quality disposable baby diaper brand. In May 2021, we also launched sanitary napkins onto the Chinese market on a trial basis with a view to leveraging the power of the Dawang brand to achieve business expansion by diversifying our offerings, from disposable baby diapers to sanitary napkins, household paper products, disposable adult diapers, sanitizing wipes, and face masks. We aim to scale up this business model to all areas of our operation in a manner that is suitable for each area.
Moreover, our efforts to commercialize cellulose nanofiber (CNF), which has great potential for a new business, have made remarkable progress. Our CNF was used as a material in a racing EV, which participated in
a race held in the U.S., verifying the durability of the material which helped reduce the weight of the vehicle. We will continue to
take up the challenge of pioneering such new businesses, together with the radio frequency identifier (RFID*) business, which is expected to contribute to digital transformation (DX).
*RFID: Also called IC tag (contactless electronic tag)
Another focus of our efforts this fiscal year
is the Shikokuchuo City Carbon Neutrality Council, which was established in June
2021 with the participation of local paper manufacturers, government bodies, financial institutions, and other parties in Shikokuchuo City, where the Mishima Mill is located. In this first-ever initiative that the papermaking industry has implemented to deliberate on an energy shift in the Shikokuchuo area through collaboration between government, the private sector, and financial institutions, we will explore the possibilities of shifting
to a new energy source, which is the most important challenge for us to solve toward the achievement of carbon neutral status.
Meanwhile, to perform corporate management with keen awareness of the cost and profitability of capital investment, we will begin to use return on invested capital (ROIC) as an internal indicator for the profitability of each business and the appropriateness of each investment case. Under the Fourth Medium- Term Business Plan, we will maintain financial discipline and take action within the scope
of depreciation and amortization. During the period of the Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan, we will strengthen our cash creation capacity, which will enable us to achieve further business growth, and improve our cash flow.
By implementing these measures, we aim to achieve net sales of 720.0 billion yen and operating profit of 51.0 billion yen in FY2023,
the final year of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan. During the three years from FY2020, we aim to achieve top-line growth of over 150.0 billion yen, which is definitely not a moonshot. With the strong determination to become a company that will survive for a century, we will “gear up” as declared in the slogan of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan, and make determined efforts to reach this must-achieve target.
Toward sustainable corporate management
I believe that achieving sustainable growth requires our Group to not only increase
its economic value but also raise its social value by providing practical solutions to social challenges through business activities. Therefore, we will promote our practice
of sustainability management from three perspectives: creating shared value (CSV); preventing and reducing adverse impacts on society and the environment; and building a management foundation for value creation.
We will motivate our employees—an integral part of our management foundation— to create new innovations by fostering a corporate culture that helps ensure their mental and physical health and psychological security, and encourages everyone to express their views without constraint. In this sense
as well, we believe that it is indispensable to enhance our diversity and inclusion measures. We have appointed women to serve as the general manager and manager of the Diversity Promotion Department, which was established this year. They are quickly implementing various initiatives, including a diversity education program targeting managerial
staff and training aimed at helping employees eliminate their own unconscious bias. We will also enhance our governance as the core of our management foundation. We mapped
out our first-ever skills matrix this year, and the framework has enabled us to identify that we need to enhance the skills of our production and finance staff. We will focus our efforts on improving our governance system so that it becomes well-balanced by selecting from a wide choice of possible measures, including the appointment of outside directors and utilization of in-house human resources.
Our efforts to help achieve the SDGs and our support for the TCFD
The promotion of sustainable corporate management naturally involves contributing
to the achievement of the SDGs. While our history of tackling social challenges is longer than that of the SDGs, which were established in 2015, we formulated the Sustainability Vision in May 2021 to clarify the linkage between
our sustained efforts and the SDGs. We have also identified material issues, decided on the specific steps to take until 2030, and specified quantitative KPIs. To combat climate change, we aim to reduce CO2 emissions by 46% from FY2013 levels by FY2030 according to our
road map toward the achievement of carbon neutrality by 2050.
In May 2021, we also announced our support for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) as part of our efforts to address climate change. Our Sustainability Committee has begun to conduct scenario analysis in the 2°C, 4°C, and 1.5°C scenarios
to identify transitional risks, physical risks,
and opportunities. We are also preparing to issue an announcement by next April about our governance, strategy, risk management, and targets and indicators, which are the four core elements of the TCFD recommendations, after thorough examination at Management Meetings and Board of Directors Meetings.
Message to stakeholders
The Daio Paper Group recognizes the return
of profits to investors and shareholders as a
key management issue. Our policy is to ensure that returns to our shareholders will reflect
the increase in equity due to business growth while continuing the stable distribution of dividends in consideration of our performance status and internal reserves, and we have added dividend on equity ratio to our indicators to fulfill that. Support from our stakeholders is vital for our realization of the management philosophy “Shaping an Abundant and Affable Future for the World.” We will do our best to become a corporate group whose development will contribute to the development of local communities and to the achievement of the SDGs. We look forward to your continued support.
  11 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 12
 
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
 (Billions of Yen) 600
● Daio Package began to produce and sell partitions for infection control.
The Daio Paper Group will continue its efforts to both prevent the further spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and ensure the
(Billions of Yen) 600
History of the Daio Paper Group
—Speedy decision-making and great implementation ability have enabled the Daio Paper Group to continue to create value, resulting in its record performance in FY2020.
Daio Paper was founded in Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture, in 1943 to produce and sell washi (traditional Japanese paper), and later developed as a manufacturer of newsprint and containerboard. The Company subsequently entered the paper business and the household paper business in a flexible response to changes in social needs, growing into a full-range paper manufacturer. By leveraging the brand power and sales channels it had developed through the household paper business, Daio Paper also entered the market for absorbent products such as disposable baby diapers. In 2011, the Company expanded into growing overseas markets,
Responses to the COVID-19 pandemic
The Daio Paper Group has implemented COVID-19 countermeasures based on the following policies:
 including Thailand, China, and Indonesia, on a full scale.
Under the Third Medium-Term Business Plan, in a prompt response to changes in the Japanese market,
Daio Paper took the decisive action of shifting from graphic paper to packaging paper and household paper
500 products. Furthermore, to address risks and take advantage of opportunities amid the COVID-19 pandemic, the
Company implemented the momentous decisions to build additional production facilities for alcohol-based
sanitizing wipes and paper towels and to produce face masks in Japan, resulting in its record net sales and profit 400 attributable to owners of parent in FY2020.
continuity of its production activities.
2007
500
400
1. Prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic through Daio Paper Group products and implement measures to avoid the suspension of production activities and the disruption of product supply.
● The Group started face mask production in Japan by installing face mask production lines at Elleair Product’s Tochigi Factory and beginning production in April 2020. The Group also supplied face mask to medical institutions and local governments.
● The Group increased the production output of household paper products through such measures as adding sanitizing wipe production lines to production factories of Elleair Paper and Elleair Product and installing paper towel production equipment at the Mishima Mill.
2. Create environments where customers, suppliers, employees, and their families can live safely.
● The Group has invested in systems for remote work and online meetings to create workplace environments where employees can work while maintaining social distance.
● Employees, staff of cooperating offices, and others who are to enter mills and factories (including contractors and carrier staff) undergo checks of their body temperature and physical condition.
● The Group provided voluntary workplace vaccinations to employees of the Tokyo Headquarters, the Mishima Mill, and nearby subsidiaries, as well as their family members.
   1943 2017
200 200
Acquired the Attento-brand business from U.S.-based P&G
   300
300
Paper and Paperboard Business  H&PC Business  Overseas H&PC Business  Other
   Founded to produce and sell washi (traditional Japanese paper)
100 2020 100
Acquired the paper product business of Nisshinbo Holdings Inc.
 Acquired Brazilian and Turkish hygiene product manufacturers
      FY1950
FY1959 FY1969
FY1989
FY1999 FY2009
FY2020
                Ceremony for celebrating the completion of a paper mill
1947
Kawanoe Mill serving as the core of linerboard production
1954
Construction of the New Mishima Mill
1972
FY1979
Facial tissue and toilet tissue at launch
1979
Disposable baby diapers and sanitary napkins at launch
1980
A stretch of forest owned by Forestal Anchile
1989
Iwaki Daio Paper
1996
Elleair International China (Nantong)
2011~
         The founder Isekichi Ikawa decided to switch from the production of washi (traditional Japanese paper) to yoshi (Western-style paper) because he foresaw a downturn in demand for washi and determined that the switch to yoshi would be the only way forward. Daio Paper thus started producing modern- style paper and newsprint.
The Company decided to strengthen the foundation
for its development into an industrial paper manufacturer, and newly installed kraft pulping equipment. As a
result, the Company launched newsprint containing kraft pulp and pioneered kraft linerboard production by launching K Liner and KS Liner.
Daio Paper decided to increase
its production capacity to ensure the stable supply of all types
of products, including not only newsprint and paperboard but
also printing paper and packaging paper. The Company started construction of the New Mishima Mill with the aim of establishing a foundation for its development into a full-range paper manufacturer.
The Company decided to enter the household paper product market and began to produce and sell Elleair-brand facial and toilet tissue as part of its growth as a full-range paper manufacturer.
The Company decided to enter the absorbent product market. It started producing and selling disposable baby diapers in 1980, and sanitary napkins in 1982.
Aiming to achieve sustainable forest management, the Group decided to establish Forestal Anchile in the Republic of Chile, South America, and went into the forestry business.
The Group decided to found Iwaki Daio Paper in Iwaki
City, Fukushima Prefecture, within 180 km from Tokyo, the largest source of recovered paper in Japan. The new company began to produce and sell newsprint made
from 100% recovered paper, Japan’s first such product.
In anticipation of a decline
in domestic demand, the Group decided to expand into overseas markets on
a full scale and established
a subsidiary for the local production of disposable baby diapers in Thailand in 2011, in China in 2012, and in Indonesia in 2014.
13 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 14
                                                                        
  At a Glance
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
We operate our businesses while leveraging our various tangible and intangible assets to achieve sustainable growth and provide value for stakeholders.
1
Daio Paper is a manufacturer of a full range of paper products, including newsprint, printing paper, and packaging paper, and consumer household goods, including facial tissue and other household paper products, disposable diapers, and feminine care products.
Product Range
kinds of products
In the Daio Paper Group, over 12,000 employees are working in various places in Japan and abroad. The Group aims to create a favorable working environment where every employee can demonstrate their talents fully, and is also committed to encouraging female employees’ career development as a measure for diversity management.
Group-owned Forest Area
590
11,000,
Elleair is the signature brand of Daio Paper. The Company entered the Japanese tissue paper market with the brand in 1979, the latest among major paper manufacturing companies in Japan, and captured the top market share in just seven years. With products developed through market-driven approaches, Elleair is the top brand in the Japanese household paper industry.
km2
Approx.
Daio Paper provides approximately 11,000 kinds of products, ranging from materials that support culture and industry, such as newsprint, printing and graphic paper, packaging paper, and paperboard, to home and personal care products that support people’s lives in all settings, such as facial tissue, toilet tissue, and disposable baby and adult diapers.
No.
Market Share
  12658
employees
* Source: Intage SRI (Nationwide Retail Store Panel Survey) in the facial tissue, toilet tissue, and kitchen towel markets (on a monetary basis in FY2020)
         Production Bases and Group Company Business Bases
Consolidated Workforce
 In Japan, a total of 29 bases—comprising production bases and Group company business bases—operate various businesses. Outside Japan, the Group has 10 bases in eight countries, including Thailand, China, and Indonesia. * Bases: Daio Paper Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries (headquarters)
. 3109
29 10 8
in Japan overseas
In FY2020, the Daio Paper Group spent 3.109 billion yen on research and development, which the Group has continued to conduct toward its sustainable growth. Recently,
the Group has been focused on researching and developing cellulose nanofiber (CNF), a material expected to have various applications and contribute to a decarbonized society.
billion yen
2
TheDaioPaperGroupowns590km offorestedland—roughlythesameareaasTokyo’s23specialwards—inChile,SouthAmerica.About
half of this, 280 km2 of land, is preserved as natural virgin forest toward the conservation of biodiversity and sustainable forest management.
 bases bases in countries
R&D Expenses
 Business Description
■ Paper and Paperboard Business Production and sale of newsprint, printing
and publication paper, communication paper, packaging paper, containerboard and corrugated container products, pulp, etc.
■ Home and Personal Care Business Production and sale of household paper
such as facial tissue, disposable baby and adult diapers, feminine care products, wet wipes, etc.
■ Other
Transportation, engineering,
management of sports clubs and golf courses, etc.
Net Sales (Billions of Yen)
Net Sales Composition by Segment
Results and Targets of the Medium-Term Business Plans (MTBP)
(Billions of Yen)
Number of Employees (Consolidated) ■ Employees (consolidated) ■ Non-Japanese employees
 Results of the First MTBP (FY2014)
Results of the Second MTBP (FY2017)
  533.9
316.5
195.1 22.3
FY2018
546.4 562.9 317.8 302.5
204.7 238.0 23.9 22.5
FY2019 FY2020
Other 3.99%
H&PC Business 42.27%
Paper and Paperboard Business
Results of the Third MTBP (FY2020)
12,658
3,541
FY2020
       Consolidated net sales for FY2020
562.9
billion yen
(4.8%)
(2.1%)
53.74%
Net sales
Operating profit (operating profit margin)
Percentage of over- seas H&PC business net sales
ROE
Net debt-to- equity (D/E) ratio
450.2 531.3
21.8 11.1
10,551
1,669
10,446
1,595
          4.9% 7.7%
  10.0%
2.2%
562.9
36.9 (6.6%)
11.1%
Targets set in the Fourth MTBP (FY2023)
720.0
51.0 (7.1%)
18.8%
Long-term vision to achieve during the period of the Fifth MTBP (FY2026)
800-1,000
   80.0-100.0 (10%)
30% or above
   10.1%
  1.9 1.6
FY2018
FY2019
1.3
10% or above
  1.0
12% or above
 1.0 or below
      15 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 16

 Strengths of the Daio Paper Group
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
the environmental impact of its operation. In addition, the Group strives to increase its brand power, sales capabilities, and corporate value based on its marketing-oriented sales policy represented as “What is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives.”
The Mishima Mill, one of the world’s largest coastal paper mills, is the principal source of Daio Paper Group’s competitiveness. The mill supports the Group’s sustainable growth through various measures, including establishing a resilient production system that can respond to changes in the demand structure and reducing
  Competitive Advantage 1 Product Value Chain
❶ Integrated production, beginning with raw material production
❷ Coastal location and one of Japan’s largest pulping facilities
❸ Flexible production system that can meet changing demand
We have built a product value chain capable of efficient production to provide a timely response to changes in paper demand to achieve sustainable growth.
The Mishima Mill, our core paper mill, is one of the world’s largest coastal paper mills and engages in the integrated production of paper and paperboard with in-house produced pulp. Its annual production output is approximately 2.0 million tons, which accounts for about 9% of Japan’s total annual paper and paperboard production.
The Mishima Mill has one of Japan’s largest pulping facilities, which is connected through a network of pipes to 17 paper machines and feeds the appropriate types of pulp to each machine according to the quality of paper to be produced. This system enables us to flexibly switch between different product types to always meet changing market demand.
Integrated production, beginning with raw material production (tree planting ▶ wood chips ▶ paper ▶ converting)
Cost competitiveness
[Production]
Flexible production system that can meet changing demand
Paper products
    White liquor
Wood chips Pulp
Reused as pulp
Causticized
 Wood
Used for all kinds of paper
Reused as energy
  Since the establishment of Daio Paper Corporation, we have been engaged in environmental conservation through various initiatives, including utilizing a high percentage of recovered paper, lowering energy consumption, and recycling industrial water. We own 590 km2 of forested land—roughly the same area as Tokyo’s 23 special wards—in Chile, South America, and are practicing sustainable forest management there. About half of this, 280 km2 of land, is preserved as natural forest to conserve biodiversity.
In addition, we now use a higher percentage of recovered paper than the average in the industry as a result of our efforts to increase our use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper, which were previously disposed of as waste. We also aim to achieve zero emissions by dividing hard-to-recycle recovered paper into material (pulp) and fuel (such as plastic film mixed in with recovered paper) and utilize both. Through such approaches, we are actively committed to environmental conservation.
Tree planting Harvesting
Development of fast-growing trees and tree-planting technology
Sustainable forest management
Tree planting
Biomass boiler or waste boiler
 Competitive Advantage 2
Environmentally Conscious Company
❶ Sustainable forest management (tree planting)
❷ Sustainable resource recycling (advanced use of recovered paper)
❸ Sustainable and effective use of resources (reuse of waste)
Black liquor
Sorting of recovered paper into material and fuel
Sustainable resource recycling
Advanced use of recovered paper
Plastic film and other waste items mixed in with recovered paper reused as fuel
Recovered paper
Sustainable and effective use of resources
Reuse of waste
      Association named “DAIO Partner Ship Aoiterasu,” comprising 26 recovered paper suppliers
   Competitive Advantage 3
Market-driven Business Strategy
❶ Speedy decision-making and great implementation ability
❷ Integrated operations
(Integration between product development, production and sales; integration between paper and printing, containerboard and corrugated container converting; integration between the Paper and Paperboard Business and the H&PC Business)
❸ Style of sales activities closest to customers: “What is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives”
As a manufacturer that aspires to know its customers best, we have devoted efforts to expanding our sales networks and training our sales representatives based on our basic stance: “What is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives.”
Every sales representative detects market trends through their day-to-day marketing activities with customers to facilitate product development and proposals that can promptly meet customer needs. In our operations not only in Japan but also in the rest of the world, we have broadened our lineup of high-performance and high-quality products so that they will fit into the local culture and customs of each country/region. We have thus raised the satisfaction levels of local consumers.
Speedy decision-making and great implementation ability
  Style of sales activities closest to customers: “What is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives.”
Association named “DAIO Partner Ship Sakuraterasu,” comprising 35 regional distributors
    *1 CNF: Cellulose nanofiber
*2 RFID (radio frequency identifier): Contactless electronic smart tag
*3 Number of applications submitted in FY2018
*4 Number of kinds of products registered in our database
*5 Source: Intage SRI (Nationwide Retail Store Panel Survey) in the facial tissue, toilet tissue, and kitchen towel markets (on a monetary basis in FY2020)
Joint research partners:
Capabilities to develop novel materials and products using wood resources
Ehime University, Kanazawa University, Chiba Institute of Technology, University of Tokyo, Tokyo Kasei University, Tohoku University, Tottori University, University of Maine (U.S.), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland, etc.
Shifting between different kinds of products according to demand
    Pulp and paper products Maintain a competitive edge
Converted products Increase added value
Paper and
Paperboard Business
Newsprint Industrial and paper paper
Printing Corrugated container
H&PC Business
Household paper products
Absorbent products
New Businesses
CNF*1 RFID*2
 Market-driven style of sales activities
  Intellectual properties (IP) owned
● 4,877 patents
● 836 registered designs
● 1,453 registered trademarks
Facilitate innovation and utilize IP
Develop future technologies and products
Applications submitted*3
● 294 patents
● 15 designs
● 23 trademarks
A wide lineup of high -quality products*4
Approx. 11,000 kinds of products
             17 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 18
No.1
market share*5
Facial tissue:
26.9%
Toilet tissue:
30.8%
Kitchen towels:
29.8%
Core Competence
Technological capabilities to produce a wide range of paper products that meet changing demand and further broaden the product range at the Mishima Mill, one of the world’s largest coastal paper mills, which is highly cost competitive due to its coastal location, and sales capabilities to market this wide range of products
Brand power
Sales capabilities to market a wide range of products
Integrated operations
Human resource capabilities
Technological and development capabilities

Material issues of the Daio Paper Group
Daio Paper observes social trends from a global perspective and reviews key issues that it should tackle to increase its corporate value over the medium to long term, not only from a present-focused perspective but also from a future-oriented perspective focusing on its goal. We have identified our priority material issues by taking the following steps.
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
SECTION 02
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
    Understand the environment surrounding the Group STEP 1 and social issues, and pick out and organize issues
expected to have an impact on the Group’s corporate value from among those issues
(1) Issues of stakeholder concern
We detected issues of considerable concern to stakeholders from among issues related to our operations, and social and other issues, through dialogue with stakeholders.
(2) Important issues for us
From among our risks and opportunities, we picked out issues that we recognize would have an impact on our corporate value unless we addressed them.
(3) Things we should do to achieve our goal (future visions)
We set our future goal and defined the future visions that would come to be when we achieve our goal. We then determined and organized the things we have to do and the things we can do to achieve the goal and future visions in linkage with each of the SDGs.
STEP 2 Analyze and organize important themes
(1) Business strategies
We analyzed and organized the issues of stakeholder concern and important issues for us picked out at Step 1-(1) and 1-(2) to determine which issues are important themes related to our business strategies.
(2) Social issues
From among the issues of stakeholder concern and important issues for us picked out at Step 1-(1) and 1-(2),
we organized the important themes that are related to social issues that are expected to have an impact
on our corporate value unless we addressed them, in consideration of global trends and the current social situation, while comparing those issues with key issues in the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards and other standards set by evaluation organizations.
STEP 3 Identify material issues
(1) Comparing the important themes with the things we should do
to achieve our goal (future visions)
We compared the important themes organized at Step 2 with the things we should do to achieve our goal (future visions) determined at Step 1-(3), and singled out the themes included in both groups as candidates for material issues.
(2) Determining material issues through discussions at important meetings
 From the candidates for material issues, we further picked out the important issues that must be addressed immediately. We then raised them for discussion at important meetings, such as the Sustainability Committee meeting, the Management Meeting and the Board of Directors meeting. Through multiple discussions, we finally identified our material issues.
   Material issues
 Strategic transformation of our business portfolio
2. Acceleration of global expansion
3. Creation of new businesses
4. Coexistence with local communities
5. Establishment of sustainable supply chain
Respect for human rights, development
6. of human resources, and compassion
for employees
7. Fair and highly transparent management
8. Response to climate change
9. Realization of a recycling-oriented society
10. Forest conservation and maintenance of biodiversity
1.
             Issues of stakeholder concern (examples) Identified through dialogue
 ● Responses to the COVID-19 pandemic
● Current sales and future potential of environmentally
conscious products
● Risk entailed by the global business expansion and
progress therein
● Progress in the development of advanced CNF
technologies and their application
● Relationships with local communities (such as social
contribution activities)
● CSR procurement and supply chain management
● Progress in diversity initiatives and human resource
management
● Establishment of a powerful governance system and risk
management
● Decarbonization and other responses to climate change,
use of recovered paper, and water resource management ● Conservation of biodiversity and forests
Our goal (future visions)
We defined the future visions that would come to be when we achieve our goal in linkage with each of the 17 SDGs and identified how we can contribute to the SDGs.
   Important issues for us (examples) Picked out from among our risks and opportunities and analyzed
 19 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 20
● Population decrease and decline in paper demand in Japan
● Increases in income and improvement of living conditions
of those at the bottom of the pyramid (BoP), which is
estimated to comprise 4 billion people
● Development and practical application of new
high-performance materials
● Harmony with local communities and supply chain
management, including business continuity planning (BCP)
● Securing an organizational structure and management
talents that can respond to business globalization
● Respect for human rights and the safety and health of employees and their family members
● Responses to international CSR requirements and risk management ● GHG emissions reduction by 2050
● Decrease in the amount of plastic used and exploration of
alternative materials
● Reduction and reuse of industrial waste and water resource
management
● Sustainable forest management and paying due attention to
 biodiversity
Backcasting from the perspective of our goal
Forecasting from the perspective of the near future

    MMaMjaojarojsrosrcosicaoilcailsasilsusiseuseuses
● C●hC●ahCnahgnaegnseginseicnsoicnoscnuosmnusmeurmes’resp’rspe’rfperfrefrnecrnecsneacsneasdnaldinfeldifseltiyfselteysslteysles● M● Me●aMesauesrauesrsuefrsoefrsocfroceroxceiosxteiesxtniesctnecnweciwethiwtChitOChVOCIVODI-VD1I-9D1-919
● I●nIc●nreIcnraecsraesaiensietnhitnehtnehunemunmbuembreborefornfoanftauntrauatrluadrliadslaidsatisesatrestrdesurdseudeue totcolticomlicmalitmaetcaehtceahncahgnaegnege
● D●eD●ceDreceraecsraesaiensieJnaiJnpaaJpanap’nsa’pnso’pspopupoluaptluaiotlainot,ineo,snep,sepcseipacelilacylilaiytlsliytsits wowrowkrionkrignkpignopgpopupoluaptluaiotlainotinon
● P●oP●voePvroetvyretiysrtsiyusseiusseuasenasdnaednmedmermegriegnrigncignocguoncuotnruitenrsite’rsie’s’ eceocneoocnomonmiocmigcrigocrwgortwohtwhth
1.1S.t1Sr.atSrtatertgaeitgceitgcriatcrnatsrnfaosnfrosmfromartmaiotainotinofnoofouofruobrubrsubinsuiensiesnsesss 5.5E.5sEt.asEtbasltbiaslhbismlhismehnmetneotnfotsfuosfutsasutinastianabianlbealbseulsepupspulpyplcpyhlcyahicnahinain 8.8R.8eR.sepRsoepnsopsneosnteosteoctliocmlicmalitmaetacehtceahncahgnaegnege
poprotpfrotfrloitofloiolio 6.6R.6eR.sepRsepcsetpcfetocfrtohfrouhrmuhmaunmanraignrihgrtihsg,thsd,tesd,vedevleoevlpoemlpomepnmetneotnfotfof 9.9R.9eR.aeRliazelaiaztlaizotainotinofnoaforaferaceyrceylcicnyligcnl-igon-rgoie-roniertnietdnetdseodscoisecotiecytieyty 2.2A.2cA.cceAclcecrlearlteaiortainotinofnogfolgoflbgoalbolabelxaeplxeapxnapsniaosninosinon huhmuhmaunmanraenrseorsueorsucoreucsre,csae,nsa,dnadcnodcmocmpoampsaspisoasisnosinfonfrofror 101.01F.o0Fr.oeFrsoetrscetosctnocsneosrnevsraevtraivotainotinaonadnadmndmaimnaitnaeitneatnenancneacnoecfoefof
3.3C.3rCe.raCetraieotainotinofnonfoenfwenwbewubsubinsuiensiesnesesesses emempelmpolypoelyoesyeses biboidboiidvoeidvreisvirtesyirtsyity 4.4C.4oC.eoCxeoisxetiesxtniesctnecnwecwiethwithliothlcoalcloacloacmlocmomunmuintuiientsiietsies 7.7F.a7Fi.raFiaraniardnadhnidhgihglihyglthyrlatyrnatsrnpasanprsaeprnaetrnemtnmatnmaanaganegamegmenmetnetnt
● G●rG●orGworiwnoigwnpignupgbuplbiuclbicolicnocneocrnencreanrbanobauobtuohtuhtmuhmaunmarnaigrnihgrtihsgthsts issiusseiusseuses
MMaMtaetareitareilarilsasilsusiseuseu se s▶ ▶p▶p.p1.p91.–912–902–020
● R●eR●aeRliazelaiaztlaioztainotoinofonafodafedaceadcreabcroabnrobinzoeinzdeizsdeosdcoisecotieyctieyty ● R●eR●sepRsoepnsopsneosnetsoetstohttoehtaehgaeignaignsignosgcoisecotieyctiweytiwythiwtahitdahedaceldicnelicnlignigng● M● Ma●rMainraienrpienlpaeslpatislcatsisctsics
bibrtihbrtrihratrthaertaete ● H●eH●igeHihgetihegtnheetnedenpdeupdbuplbiuclbiaclwiacawarawernaeernesesnsoesfsoscfocnfoscneosrnevsarevtariovtainotinon ● T●hT●ehiTenhcienrecinaresciarnesgiansnginengeedneetdoetdeoxtetoexentexdntehdnehdaelhtaheltyahlityfheliyfelxifepexepcxetpacnetacntyacnycy● C●oC●ropCroproaprtoaertmaetmiescmioscinosdcnoudncutdcautncatdnasdncasdcnasdcnadnlsadlsals ofotfhotefhtgehlgoelbgoalbolaeblnaevlniervnoirvnoimrnomennmetnetnt
      22S2oScoSicaoilcaailanaldnadnd   m mamtaetareitareilarilsasilsusiseuseu
11O1OurOupruupr rupruoprsopesoe(sre(ari(asroiasnoisnodn’dê’dtêr’teêr)ter)e) 44C4oCroCeroecroecmocmopmeptepetenetcnecn
66V6aVlaVulaeul:euT:ehT:ehTehimeimpimapcaptcsatcwstwseweberbinrbignrign(og(uo(tuoctuoctmocmoem)e)e)
 s
33S3iSxiSxciaxcpacipataiptlaistla(siln(sipn(iupntup)tu)t)
e
55P5rPorPdorudocudtcustcastnasdnadnsedsrevsreivcrievcsiecbseybs yby   b ubsubinsuiensisenssessesgesmgemgemnetne(tno(tuo(tuoptupttup)tu)t)
 BuBsuBinsuiensisenssesstsrtasrtaertagetigeigse ise s▶ ▶p▶p.p2.p32.–323–383–838
                                                                                                                                                                  Value Creation of the Daio Paper Group
The Daio Paper Group has striven to solve social issues through its business activities and created value by propelling its business activities and leveraging various kinds of capital and strengths while enhancing its governance.
To fulfill our purpose (raison d’être) of achieving the Three Well-beings and realizing an abundant
and affable future based on our corporate motto “Passion with Sincerity,” we will continue to provide all stakeholders with new value and live up to our management philosophy: “Shaping an Abundant and Affable Future for the World.”
SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
CCoCorporporporaoratreatetPePhPhilhiolioslosospophphyhyy SShShahapapinpingingagananAnAbAbubunundndadanantntatanandndAdAfAfafafbableblelFeFuFutututruererfeofofrortrhthteheWeWoorolrdlrdld
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
OOurOugruograoglao: lAa: lAn: Ananbaubanubdnuadnnadtnaatnnatdnadnadfaffafbfaflbaelbeflueftufturuetruere
hthtthpttpst:ps/:s/:w/w/w.dw.da.diaoiao-ipo-pa-papaepre.rec.orc.o.cjo.pj.p/jep/ne//nec/nsc/rsc/rs/r/
CoCroCeroecroecmocmopmeptepetenetcnecn ec e▶ ▶p▶p.p1.p71.–71–781–818 CoCmoCmopmeptepiteivtieivtieavdeavdavdnavtnatngategae1g:e1P:1rP:orPdorudocudtcuvtcavtlauvleaulecuhecahcianhianin
 HHyHygygigeieinenenee LLiLfifeifee RReRegegegenenenerearartaitoitonionn ThTehTieshsieusseiussoeufoepfopfvopevroetvyretwyrtwiyllwillill PePoePpoelpeolpealreaorauornuodnudtnhdtehtehe ThTehTEehaEeratEhrathwrthwillwihlliahllvahevabevebeebnenen
hahvaehvabevebebnesneosnlovselovdel,vdae,ndad,nadnd wworwoldroldwrldwillwiblliebll eabbealbealbetoletoto rergeergenegenereanrteaertdaetdienditnoitnoatopalpalnpaelnatentet pepoepoelpeo’lpse’lseiv’lisinvliginvisgntasgtnasdtnadnradrsadrsds lelaedlaedhaadhpahpaypaypnaydnadfnudfluffiluflielfldiellded wwithwithaitbhaubanubdnuadnadtnantnantauntrauetruere
wwillwihllaihlvlaehvabevebebnernearnisaerisadei,sde,d, livleivlsei.vse.s. wwhewhrehrederideveidvreisveresoersroegroagnraginsaminsmsisms s enesnuesrnuinsruignritgnhtgehitrehihreeihraehltaehltayhltlyihvlyeivslei.vse. s. cacnacncaonceocxeoisxetisxatinsatdnadfnlodfluofrluoisruhisr.his.h.
ThTehTiehssieussieussoeufoepfopfvopevoretvyretyrty WWasWatseatwsetweillwiblliebllebe
               MMoMroeroeprepoepoelpoelpewlewillwillill rerdeurdecudecudec,dea,dna,dnadanda a pepoepoelpeo’lpse’lseiv’lsinvlignvigng enejnoejnyojytohytehtierhilerivilrievlsievisneisnin rerceyrceylcicnylicgnl-igon-rgoi-eroinertinetdnetded
wwillwiblleibllseboselovselovdelv,dae,ndad,nadnd
stastnasdtnadnradrsadwrsdwisllwiblleibllebe rerteirteirtmeirmenmetne.tn.t. soscoisecoitecyitewytwyillwiblliebllebe
rarisaerisadei.sde.d. reraelraiezlaeizldeiz.de.d.
InIfneIfncetfcieotciuotisuodsuidseidsaeisaesasesses MMoMroeroewrewomwomoenmenwenwillwillill ThTehTehnetneirtneirtesiruespuspulpylpyly
     ● ● ● ●●●
wwillwilblielbl ekbekpektpeutpnutdnuednredrer cocnoctnortonrlto.rlo. l.
bebeibneinminmomroeroere chcahcianhianwinwillwilaliclalhcaihecivheeiveeve prporpmormoinmiennientnertnortloerlsoeilsneisnin cacrabcraobrnobnoenuentuertaurltarlal
soscoisecoitecyit.eyt.y. stsatsautasu.tsu.s.
CoCmoCmopmeptepiteivtieivtieavdeavdavdnavtnatngategae2g:e2E:2nE:vnEivrnoivrnoirmnomnemnetneatnlaltylalylly cocnocsnocsnicosiucoisuocsuocsmocmopmapnapynayny
●●● CoCmoCmopmeptepiteivtieivtieavdeavdavdnavtnatngategae3g:e3M:3M:aMrakraekrtek-dte-rdti-vrdievrnievnen
EvEevEreyvroeynroyenowenweillwiblliebll ebe
wwillwilblielblecboecmocmommomnonon abalbealbteolteowtoworwokrowkrwkhiwhleihleile wwillwiblliebllmebmeadmaedaiednienthintehtehe
   HyHgyHigeyingeinceintcoitciolteioltesiltests
SigSingSinfgicnfaicfnaictnaptnrptorpgorgoersgesrsesss
  OOuOururr ▶▶▶ToToTreoraerlaiezlaiezlieazneanabnaubanubdnuadnnadtnaatnnatdnadnaffdaaffabafflbaelbeflueftufturuetruere
FoFuoFruopruiprlliapllriasllraosrfosofouofruomrumranmaanaganegamegmenmetneptnhptihploihlsoiolsoposhpoyhpyhy
se
ec
NeNweNwsepwsrpisnrpitnraitnatdnadnd pappapeparepbreubrsubinsuienssienssesss
bubsubinsuienssienssesstsrstasrtaertagetygeygy thtrhotrhuorguohguohguohtuotuhtehtehe rariasrinasiginsigcnhgcihlcdihlrdeilrndernen shsihfstihfftirfoftrmofrmopmlpalspatlsiactsitctoitcoto anadna/dno/dro/lrolorokloiknoigknigng nantauntrauatrlualyrlaldylledyreidvreivrdeivded
wworwoldrol.drl.d. afatefatrefetreledrledrleldyrelpyrlepyoepoelpeol.pel.e. mmatmaetraeiatreilasr.ilas.ls.
●●● NeNteNsteastlaeslsae:ls5e:6s5:265.296.29b.i9blliblolinlolinyoenyneynen
PePrecPrecnrectneatngategaeogfeoHfo&HfP&HCP&CBPuCBsuBinsuienssienssesss
nentensteastlaeslsae:ls4e:3s4:.324.%32.%2%
bubsubinsuienssienssesss
bubsubinsuienssienssesss nentensteastlaeslsae:ls5e:0s5:.05.%0.%0o%roarobarobavobevoeve
      mmimsisisosisonionn
               FiFniaFnniancnaiacnilacilal
HHyHygygigeieinenenee MMisMhisihimsihmaimaMaMillMi:llOi:llOn:eOneonfeotfohtfehtewheworwoldrol’drsl’dlsa’lrsaglraegrsegtsetst
cocaocsaotsatlsaptlaplpapeparepmremirllmisllislls
MManMaunfauanfcuatufcatruectrduerded PrPordPourdocudticuoticnotionouontupotuptu:ptAu:ptA:pArpoprxpo.rx2o..x02..m02.m0illimiolliniollitnotnostn/osyn/esya/eryaerar
● O● Op●eOpreparteairntaigntigpnrgporpfoirtfoimtfimat rmagraignri:gn6i:n.6: .%6.%6%
PrPorPtoertocetcetct
wwewlel-lebl-lebl-iebniegnigng ● ● ●
(fo(rfot(hrfoethrtethrtehertehyereyaersyae2rsa02r2s012–0122–012–032)0:321):321):521.502.50b.i0bllibollinollinyoenyneynen
InIcnluIcndlucindlugindeginxegpxepnxepdneitdnuitdrueitrsuefrsoefrsoMfroM&r AM&:A&3:A03.:03.b0i.lb0liiolblniiollynioeyneynen
● ● ● ApApArporpxo.rx1o.1x1.,101,0100,00k0in0kidnksidnosdfoshfoihgfihglihyglchyolcymocmpoempteiptieivteiivteive
(9(%9(%o9%foJfaoJpfaaJpnaap’nsa’pnsa’pspapepraeparneardnapdnapdpapepraebproebarobradorapdrpdordpourdocutdicoutnicot)nio)n) ofotfohtfehtehbeobdobydoydy CaCpaCiptaaiptlaietlaxelpxepxnepdneidtnuidtruietruser(sfeo(sfro(tfrhoterhtehtreheterheyereyaeerysaer2sa0r21s0821–0821–082–02)0:02):0):
RaRtaRintaigntig(nJgC(JRC(JRaCnRadnadRn&dRI&R):I&):I): A-Ale-Alve-elvelevrlaertlairntaigntigng
● ● ● ToTtoTatolaatlasaslseastsest:es8t:4s8:948.984.98b.i8blliblolinlolinyoenyneynen
InIdnuIdnsudtsruitasritlarilal pappapepareparenardnadnd cocnoctnoatniantieanrienbreobraobraodradrd
DoDmoDmeosmetsiectsiactniacdnadnd
ovoevoresvresaresaeHsa&HsP&HCP&CPC
OOthOtehtrehrer bubsubinsuienssiensseseses
[M[Me[Mdeideuidmuimu- mt-ot-oltolnolgno-gnt-egtr-emtremrtmatragtraegrtegst]est]s] ● ● ●
   ● ● ●
NeNteNatesatsseastsest:es2t: 4s2:642.684.68b.i8blliblolinlolinyoenyneynen
NeNteNstaeslteaslea:sl8e:0s8:08b0ib0llioblliniollintonto1tot1rit1lrlitolrliniollinyoenyneynen PePrecPrecnrectneatngategaeogfeoHfo&Hf P&HCP&CBPuCBsuBinsuienssienssesss
● ● ●
InItneItnretrsetrs-ebts-ebta-ebraienraignrigdnegdbedtbest:bs2t: 9s2:92.989.98b.i8blliblolinlolinyoenyneynen
  DDeDdedeicdiacitacitaoitoniontnototo mmamnanaunufaufcaftcautcurtiurnirngingg ● ● ●
・・Fa・FcaiFacailactiliastlsisutsiesuseue ・・To・TiolTeiolteitlteistsisutsiesuseue ・・K・iKtciKthciethcnehnteontwotweolwes les ls ・・Fa・FcaeFcaemcemasmaksaksks ・・W・WeWtewtewitpwiepsiepses ・・B・oBdoBydosydosyaospaopap ・・Sh・SahSmahmpaompopoo
●●● ROROER:OE1:E01:.01.%01.%1%
● ● ● NeNteNDte/DtE/DEr/aErtairotai:ot1i:o.13:.13.3
● ● ● OOpeOpreparteairntaigntigpnrgporpfoirtfoimtfimatrmagraignri:gn1i:n01:.01.%0.%0%
●●● ROROER:OE1:E21:.201.%20.%0o%roarobarobavobevoeve
  ● R●aR●taRintaigntig(nJgC(JRC(JRaCnRadnadRn&dRI&R):I&)B:IB)B:B+B+B+ ●●●
 CaCpaCiptaaiptlaietlaxelpxepxnepdneidtnuidtruietruserses
● N● eN●teNDte/DtE/DEr/aErtairotai:ot1i:o.10:.10o.r0obroebrleoblweolwow ● ● ●
   171471.497.49b.9iblliblolinlolinoyenyneynen ●●●
hihgihg-ihgq-huq-auqlaiutlyaitlpyitrpyorpdorudocudtcsutcsts ●●●
  LLiLfifeifee EnEhnEahnnahcnaecnece
wwewlel-lebl-lebl-iebniegnigng ofolfoiflfeiflseitfsyetlsyetlsyelses
RReRgegegnenenrearetaritaoitonionn ReRseRtsoetsroetroere
wwewlel-lebl-lebl-iebniegnigng CCoConontrntirbtirbuibutiutoitoniontnototo
1,14,5143,543r5e3rgerigsetigsetirsetrderdterdatrdatredamedmaermakrsakrsks
● ● ●
PaPratPnratenrtrenorerorgroagrnaginzaainztaiizotainotsinosnuscuhscuhacshaDsaADs IADOIAOPIOaPratPnratenrtrenrer
ShSihpSihpSiapSkaSukaruakrutaertraeatrseaursauasnuadnadAndoAioAteiotreiatrseaursausu ●●●
・・C・oCnoCtnoatniantieanrienbreobraobraodradrd didaipdaeiparepsresrs ・・D・iDspiDsopisopasobaslbealbealdeaudalutdlut lt
・・C・oCroCrurorgurragutagetdaetded didaipdaeiparepsresrs
・・G・oGlofGlcofolcfuocrusoeruserses HeHaeHltaehltahMlthManMaanaganegamegmenmetneRtnaRtaiRntaignt,ignW,gWh,Wihteiht5eit05e05,0e0,t0ec,t.ect.c. ・・Sp・SopSroptsrotcsrltucslbucslbusbs ● ● ●
ofotfohtfehteheaeraetrhatrhth
hehaelhtaheltamhltmahnmangaengmaegmeenmetn,estny, stty,estymestmiemimprimporvpoervmoevmeenmetnse,tnes,tecs,.tec.tc. ● ● ● 2 2 2
WWaWsatseatwsetwaetwaetraetdreidsrcidshciashcrahgraegrdeg:de:d: 333
BBoBonondndsdswswiwtihtihtlholoclaoclaclal cocomcomumununitniteitseises
CCoCorporporporaortaretaetceuculctulutlurteurere pproprovroivdivdiindingingsgasfasefatefyteyty ananadndmdmomotiotvitavitavitaoitonionn tototwowoworkorkrk
ElElelElaelilareiarsiarJsaJspaJapanap’nsa’ntso’tspotphoophuohsuoesuhesohelodhlodpladppapepareprer InItneItnleletlelceltlcuetacutlauplarpolrporeporeptyretoyrtwoywnoewndended prporpdorudocudtcubtcrbtarbnardnadnd
ththethegeglogloblobablalal enenevnivrivorionronmnmemnenetntt
171271.27.428.428m48millmilolinlolinmonm/my/eya/eyraerar
●●● 333
4,48,7487,787p7a7ptapetnaetnestnsts InItneItnleletlelceltlcuetacutlaulal8386386r3e6rgerigsetigsetirsetrderdeedsedigseingssingsns
・・N・eNweNwsepwsrpisnrpitnritnt ・・Pr・PinrPitnrinitnigntigpnagppapepareprer ・・C・oCmoCmomunmuincuainctaicotainotinon
pappapepareprer ・・Pr・PinrPitnrinitnigntigng
・・Fo・FroeFrsoetrsSetseStweSatweradwrsadhrsidphsiphip CoCuoCnuocniulc(niFlcS(iFClS()FC-cS)eC-cr)et-icrfetieirfdtieifdied papaepraeprer
・・Pr・oPrdoPurdcoutdscutmsctamsnamunfauancfuatucfatruectdruedred wiwthiwtrheitcrheocrveoecvroevdrepdreapdpaepraeprer
●●● ・・Pa・PcaPkcakcgakignaignigpnagppapepareprer・・D・iDspiDsopisopasobaslbealbeblaebbabybayby ・・R・FRIFDRIFDID ExEtxeEtrxentreanrlanelavelavelauvlautlauiotainotsino:snD:sBD:JBDEJBmEJmpElmpolypoelyoeyse’ese’s’
   cocnoctnoatniantieanrienrer ・・St・SictSkictekicreskresrs
・・Pa・PpaPepareprerprorpdorudocudtcsutcsts thtahtahtaehtlephleprelprderudecudecuece thtehteuhseuesueosfeopfolpaf lspatlsiactsictic
・・Sa・SnaSintaaintraiytranyranypankpaiknpisknisns
・・En・EgnEigniegneienreienreignrigng
shsihpsimhpimepnmetnsetonsftospfoapfpapeparepirneirnJainJpaaJpanap(nian(ni1n5(i1nc5o1cn5oscenocsuenctsiuevcteiuvyteivyaersya)ersa)rs) AfAffAafbfaflbealbeFlueFtuFuturuetrue2r0e2302030]03]0] ● ● ●
・・Tr・aTnraTsnprasonprstoaprtoiaortniaotnion ShSihkSoihkkoikukocukhcuhcouhoCuioCtyiCtayitsaytshatsehtcehitceyitcwyitwiythwithtihthtehtlehalreaglreagsretgsetst [D[aD[iaDoiaoAiobAubAnubdnuadnadtnaatnnatdnadnd
 SmSmoSkmoiknoigknigrnagrtaert:ae2t:e62:.612.%61.%1%
CoCnoCtnortinbrtiubritubiotuinotinotontoto acahcaihecihveivneivgnignthgtehtehSDeSDGSDGs Gs s ▶▶p▶.p4.p14. 14o1nownownawradradrd
  SoScoSiacoilacailanaldnadnd rerlearlteaioltainotisnohsnihpsihpip
● F●eF●meFmaelmaelaemlemanmaanaganegaregsr:es2r:.s2:.%2.%2%
● ● ●
InItnrIotnrdotrudocudincuigncigangGa rGaorGuopruopLuopLnoLgno-gtne-gtre-mtremDrmiDsaiDsbaiisblaitiblyitilyity
BeBneBenefeintfeiptflipatlnpaln(aGn(LGT(LGDTL)D,Ta)D,na),dnadandsatosatcosktco-kbc-akbs-aebsdaesded i n i c n e i c n n e c t n i e v t n e i v t s e i v y s e s y t s e s y t m e s t m e f o m f r o mf r o ma r n ma a n a g a n e g a r e s g r e s r s
ShSihkSiohkkiokukocukhcuhcouhoCuioCtyiCtCyitaCyraCbraobrnobnNoneNueNtueraturlatitrlyaitlCyitoCyuoCnuocnuilcnilcil ● ● ●
・・C・NCFNCFNF
・・W・WaWsatseatsete COC2OCe2Ome2miessmiisosiisnossinorsenrdseurdecudticuoticnot:ino4:n.64:%.64%.6(f%r(ofmr(ofmrtohmeth2et0h21e0321l03e1vl3evll)evl)el)
   121,261,5268,568e5m8empelmpolypoelyoeyseses
● ● ● GHGGHGGHemGemiessmiisosiisnossino:s4n:.s04:6.0426.0m26m2illmiolliniollintontnostno/syn/esya/eryaerar
InIcnlIucnlducildnuigdnig3n,g35,4351,451e4m1empelmpolypoelyoeyseosefosnfonfnon-noJa-nJpa-Japanapenasenesese HuHmuHmuanmanan nantaniotainotainolaintlyaitlyity
● ● ● FuFtuFtruetr-uoer-roeie-rnoietrneietdneitdnevidnevisnetvmsetmestnmetnientnientmienmpelompylopeyleoeyeedeudceuadctuaioctnaiot,nio,n,
● ● ● ● ● ●
     5950950k9m0kmkomfofofroefrosetrsetdsetdleadlnadlnadonwdownoewndended 222
WWatWaetraectroecnrocsnuosmnusmputmpiotpinot:ino9:.n09:0.0910.0m10m1illimiolliniollimnomn/my/eya/eryaerar ([W([Wa([tWearteainrtetinar ktinaekt]ae–k][e–W][–Wa[sWateswatesawteteawrteadrtiesdcrihsdcaihsrcgahregadre]g)de])d])
InIcnlIucnlducildnuigdnig2n8g20820k8m0kmkpmrperspersrevsrevdrevdaesdansanstauntrauatrluafrloafrloefrsoetrsetst ●●● 333
NaNtaNutaruatrularlal
WWaWtaetraetirneitrnaitnkaetka:ek1:e81:181.128.4129.429m49millmilolinlolinmonm/my/eya/eyraerar
sosrotsirontirgntigng
mmacmahcaihnciehniene ・・Fo・FroeFrosetrsreytsrytry
PrPorPtoertocetcientcigntigenngedneadnadgnaegnregerderdsepdsepscepieceisecises
  (ka(kwa(akwabawabtab-tma-tomar-omrkorkoaonkaodnaPdnaPdtaPgtaogtnaoiganoniancniyapcnyrpceysrpes)sres)ss) ● ● ●
COCDOCDObaDbsaebsauesnueintuirnteirdteurdecudtciuotcinot:ino3:n.03:%.03%.0(y%e(yaer(yaoernaoryneoyaner)yaer)ar) ●●●
 VVaVlaulauelusese▶s▶▶CCorCoproproparotaertaemtemomtotototot“tPo“aP“saPssiasosinsoinownwitwhithiStihSniScneicnreicrteyirt”yit”y” 21 Integrated Report 2021
202202020020 GoGvoGevorenvraennrancneac:neFc:aeFi:arFiarniardnadhnidhgihglihyglhtyrlatyrnatsrnpasnaprsaeprnaetrnemtnmatnmaanaganegamegmenmetn etn ▶t ▶p▶p.p5.p75.–756–746–464 DDaiDaoiaoAioAbuAbnubdnuadnnadtnaatnnatdnadnAdAffAfafbfaflbaelbeFlueFtuFuturuetrue2r0e2302030 03 0▶ ▶p▶p.p3.p93.–935–945–454
Integrated Report 2021 22
202302030030
An abundant and affable future
An abundant and affable future
An abundant and affable future
▶
▶
▶
Three Well-beings
Three Well-beings
Three Well-beings
Visions to be fulfilled
Visions to be fulfilled Visions to be fulfilled

                           Daio Paper Group’s Vision and Medium-Term Business Plans
CuCsutosmtoemrsers
HigHhi-gqhu-aqliutay,lihtyig, high valuvea-luaed-daeddpedropdruocdtus cts andansedrvsiecrevsices
EmEpmlopyloeyeeses anadntdhethirefiarmfaimlieilsies
SafSeatyf-eftiyrs-tfiwrstowrkoprlakcpelace enveirnovnirmonemntent
  r
u
o
c
d
t
u
m
c
i
t
x
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
NetNseatlessales ¥¥88000bibllilolinon toto¥¥11tritlrlilolinon
OpeOrpaetirnagtinmgamrgainrgin
1100%% 3300%%oromrmoroere
SECTION 02
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
H&PHC&bPCusbinuessinsensestnseatlessalreastiroatio 5500%%oromr moroere
SECTION 03 SECTION 04
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
     The Group made a fresh start as the restructured Daio Paper Group in 2012, and has since primarily pursued structural reforms and overseas expansion under its medium-term business plans. The Group set out its long-term vision with specific targets to be achieved by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2027 (FY2026):
net sales of ¥800 billion to ¥1 trillion, 50% or more of which will be generated by the H&PC Business and 30% or more from the H&PC overseas business, and an operating margin of 10%. Aiming toward the next growth stage and a new future, the Group will strategically transform its business portfolio to become a corporategroupcapableofcontinuousgrowth.
Management Philosophy
   H&PHC&oPCveorvsearsebaussbinuessinsess netnseatlessalreastiroatio
  Product Mix Shifts through Structural Reforms
SwSifwt difetcdiseicoinsi-omna-mkiankginagndanedxecxuetciountion × × ProPdruocdtuiocntiosynssteysmtetmhatthfalet xfliebxlyibly resrpeosnpdosntdos dtoemdeamndanchdacnhgaensges
In aIntiacniptiactiipoantiofndoefcdlinecinlignidnegmdaenmdafnodr fnoerwnsepwrisnptrint
 Production Volume by Product Type (Daio Paper)
(1,0(010,0t0/m0 to/nmtho)nth)
0 0
20124014 MonMtholnytahvlyga. vg.
20127017 MonMtholnytahvlyga. vg.
20220020 MonMtholnytahvlyga. vg.
●K●raKfrtapfutlpulp +7+.57%.5%
1s1tsMtMTBTPBP 2012401240125015
2012012
Overseas Business Expansion Trajectory
Net Sales Trend by Overseas Region
(Bill(ioBnillsionfsYoefnY) en)■ E■astEAastiaAsia
60 60■ S■ouSthoeuathsteAastiaAsia
■C■enCtreanltarnadlaSnoduSthouAtmheArmicaerica 50 50■O■thOerther
40 40 30 30 20 20 10 10
00
2012012 20123013 20124014 20125015 20126016 20127017 20128018 20129019 20220020
50 50
100100
150150
200200
250250
300300
   andapnadppear,ptehre, tGhreoGurpohuaps
mix oard
h
s
a
h
s
if
s
t
h
ed
ift
i
e
ts
d
p
it
r
s
o
p
d
     to ptropdruocdtsuscetsllisneglliwngelwl, se
u
ll
c
,
h
su
a
c
s
h
c
a
o
s
n
c
t
o
ai
n
n
t
e
a
r
i
b
n
o
er
a
b
  andahnoduhsoeuhsoeldhopladppear.pAers.
a
otal
 4t
5t5hthMMTBTPBP 20226026
SuSpupplipelrisers
GroGwrotwogteotghetrher
4
h
th
M
M
TB
T
P
BP
  202
0224024
2
3
02
2
3
propdruocdtiuocntivoonluvmoleumofeaollf
dat
p
A
a
r
r
l
s
e
o
lp
a
su
d
r
re
u
o
lt
c
s
d
,
u
ts
th
u
lt
r
c
e
e
,t
ts
m
t
h
r
o
a
e
e
ta
i
m
t
l
rd
  t h e t s h a e m s e a ml e e v e l e l a v e s l i n a s 2 i 0 n 1 2 4 0
.
14.
0
2
02
1
ne
a
d
in
a
e
t
 ■ N■ewNsepwrisnptrin■t Co■nCtoanintearinbeorabrodar■dW■raWprpaipnpgianngdand ■ ■ HouHsoeuhsoelhdopladpearper
andapnadpearper funfcutinocntiaolnpalpearper -24-2.94%.9% +2+22.82%.8% +3+.73%.7%
+5+05.00%.0% 3r3drdMMTBTPBP
 PerPcerncteangteagcehacnhgaensg2e0s 202v0s.v2s0. 124014
2n2dndMMTBTPBP 2012701270128018
02
LoLcoalcal cocmomumnuitnieitsies
LifeLsitfyelset,yilned, iunsdtruiastlraianldand cultcurlatul draelvdeelovpelmopemntent
        2022
021
0
2
  The Group has formulated medium-term business plans by backcasting from the targets set out in the long-term vision, and pursued two business strategies: reinforcing the business foundation
and transforming the business portfolio through structural reforms; and strengthening and expanding the H&PC Business through expansion into overseas growth markets.
With regard to structural reforms, while maintaining full pulp production at the Mishima Mill, the Group promoted a strategic shift of product mix without stopping machines and
increased its kraft pulp production.
The Group has maintained its machine utilization rate and achieved greater competitive advantages by increasing the share of household paper and containerboard, which are experiencing growing demand, in its product mix.
Regarding overseas business expansion, by establishing production bases in China, Thailand and Indonesia, the Group has built systems for local production and consumption in Asia, centered on baby diapers. Under the Third Medium-Term Business Plan, the Group conducted M&A in Brazil and
Turkey, establishing new “entry points” in South America and MENA (Middle East and North Africa).
While implementing these business strategies, the Group is also striving
to tackle climate change, which is an urgent global challenge, and other social issues from the ESG (environment, social and governance) perspective and to create a sustainable society, which the SDGs are aimed at, thereby aiming to realize its management philosophy of “Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world.”
ShSahreahreohldoeldrsers anadnidnvinevsteosrtsors
StaSbtlaebdlievidievniddenanddand impimropvreomvemnteonft of shasrheaprreicpersices
     NoteN: oIFtReS: I1FR5Sa1p5plaiepdpflireodmfr2o0m1820o1n8woanrdward
1.1H.yHgyigenieene WeWweilwl millamkeakheyghiyegnienperopdruocdtuscts 2.2L.ifLeife
T h T r h e r e e We We l l e - l b l - e b i n e i g n s g s
ProPtreocttewctewlle-blle-binegingHygHieyngeiene proptreoctepcetoppeloep’sleh’esahletha,ltahn,dand EnEhnahnacnecweewlle-blle-bineging
accaecscseibssleib, lien,sipnisrepigreoogdoohdabhiatsb,its,
  23 Integrated Report 2021
ofothf ethbeobdoydy rearleizaelizaen aincilnucsliuvesivsoecsioectyieitny in ofolifelisfteyslteysles evervyecroymcomumniutyn.ity.
  LifeLife
WeWweilwl pilrlopvriodveidsersveicrevisctehsatthat3.3R.eRgeegneenreartaiotinon WeWweilwl ailcltaivcetilvyecloyncsoenrsvervtheethe enheannhcaenlciefelsifteysletys,leims, pimropvreove enveinrovnirmonemnteannt danredgrengernaetreatheethe thethqeuaqluitayliotyfloifel,ifaen,dand ReRsteosrteorweewlle-ll- RegeRnegraetnioenrationearetahrbthacbkaicnktoinatopalapnleatnwetitwhith enaebnlaebpleoppeloeptloe lteoaldead bebineginogfothf etheaertahrth abuanbduanndtanat tnuarteuwrehwerheedreivdeirvserse haphpayppayndanednreicnhricnhginligvelisv.es. orgoarngiasnmismcosecxoiestxiasnt danthdrtivheri.ve.
Integrated Report 2021 24
 Shaping an abundant and affable
Shaping an abundant and affable
future for the world
future for the world

 Review of the Medium-Term Business Plans
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
From the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan onward, the Group will continue to implement a radical cross-business structural reform of the Paper and Paperboard Business and the H&PC Business. With regard to overseas expansion, the Group plans to promote multi-category business expansion (business multi-layerization) in a full-fledged manner by entering into new markets through its bases in Asia, Brazil and Turkey (expanding “point” to “surface”).
■ Newsprint and Paper Business  ■ Industrial Paper and Containerboard Business  ■ H&PC Domestic Business
Over the nine years from the First to Third Medium-Term Business Plans, the Group achieved significant improvements
in business performance through the expansion of the H&PC Business, while maintaining stable sales in the Paper and Paperboard Business through structural reforms. The Group recorded increases in net sales and operating profit for eight and three consecutive years respectively, and successfully built the foundation for the next growth stage and a new future.
Net sales (Billions of Yen) 600
400
200
0
Net Sales and Operating Profit by Business
¥531.3 billion
7.7%
FY2017
■ H&PC Overseas Business  ■ Other Businesses  ● Operating profit ¥562.9 billion
   11.1%
               4.9%
36.9
                         21.8
           11.1
 FY2012
FY2013
¥450.2 billion
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2018 FY2019
FY2020
   The First Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2012–FY2014) Restart—Solid Reform and Further Growth
The Second Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2015–FY2017) Step-up—Leap and Expand
The Third Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2018–FY2020) Move on: Reform and Soar Above
 ● Rebuilding of business foundation
● Improvement of profitability of the paper business through cost
reduction and structural shift of product mix
● Strengthening of the containerboard and corrugated container business
● Expansion of Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business
● Structural shift of the paper business
● Strengthening of the containerboard and corrugated container business
● Further growth and acceleration of H&PC Business
● Development of new businesses/ Cellulose Nanofiber (CNF)
● Radical cross-business structural reform of Paper and Paperboard Business and H&PC Business
● Global expansion and strengthening of profitability of H&PC Business
● Early commercialization of Cellulose Nanofiber (CNF)
 Promoted structural reforms and improvement of financial strength to rebuild the business foundation
(Billions of Yen)
Net sales
Ordinary profit
Interest-bearing debt
Equity ratio
Net debt to equity ratio
Targets Results
450.0 450.2
22.5 21.7
400.0 375.0
17% 23.7%
3.8 2.4
Promoted H&PC overseas business expansion Achieved significant expansion of net sales through domestic M&A Failed to achieve the profit target
(Billions of Yen)
Net sales
Ordinary profit
Net interest-bearing debt
Equity ratio
Net debt to equity ratio
Targets Results
500.0 531.3
25.0 12.8
250.0 280.0
28% 25.9%
1.5 1.6
Conducted cross- business structural reforms and overseas M&A
Achieved targets for all items other than net sales
(Billions of Yen) Targets
Net sales 615.0
Operating profit* 32.0
H&PC overseas net sales ratio 15%
ROE 8%
Results
562.9
36.9
11.1%
10.1%
               Net debt to equity ratio 1.6 1.3
* Operating profit is used as a profit indicator from the 3rd MTBP.
    The First Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2012–FY2014): The Second Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2015–FY2017): The Third Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2018–FY2020):
Restart—Solid Reform and Further Growth
Review
Under the First Medium-Term Business Plan, in response to a continuing decline in demand for paper and in order to maintain full pulp production at the Mishima Mill, the Group embarked on a structural reform. Aiming to improve the profitability of the paper business through thorough cost reduction and structural shift of the product mix, the Group worked to reduce pulp costs by increasing kraft pulp production and improve the profitability of paper products by shifting to higher value-added products. At the same time, in order to build an optimal production system that meets demand, the Group converted paper machines at the Kani Mill and the Mishima
Mill into containerboard machines to respond to increasing demand for containerboard. It
also promoted the merger and integrated operation of corrugated container subsidiaries to strengthen the containerboard and corrugated container business.
Meanwhile, to further expand the H&PC Business as part of its growth strategy, the Group established factories in Thailand in 2011, in China (Nantong) in 2012, and in Indonesia in 2014
Step-up—Leap and Expand
Review
Under the Second Medium-Term Business Plan, the Group continued to promote the structural shift of the paper business and shifted the product mix to maximize profit. It also worked to further strengthen the containerboard and corrugated container business by starting operation of the No. 3 paper machine at Iwaki Daio Paper.
With regard to the H&PC domestic business, the Group acquired paper products business from Nisshinbo Holdings, achieving an increase in market share of household paper products. The Group also worked to increase sales of high value- added products by leveraging the strength of the Elleair brand, and expanded the domestic supply capacity for absorbent products by commencing operation of
the Elleair Product’s Fukushima Factory As for overseas business, in addition to expanding its production facilities and broadening the product lineup to increase sales in Thailand, China and Indonesia, the Group expanded exports from Japan to Korea, Russia, Taiwan, etc.
Furthermore, with regard to Cellulose Nanofiber (CNF), a new business that is expected to drive future growth, the Group worked to expand the CNF product lineup by starting the operation of a pilot plant for the production of dry powder type CNF.
Issues
● Radical structural reform from paper business to growth business
● Expansion into new overseas markets
Move on: Reform and Soar Above
Review
Under the Third Medium-Term Business Plan, the Group launched a radical cross-business structural reform of the Paper and Paperboard Business and the H&PC Business. The
Group resumed operation of the Kawanoe Mill in October 2018 to produce household paper by using pulp that was made available by shifting from paper to containerboard, and also strengthened the paper products business acquired from Nisshinbo Holdings. Through these measures, the Group increased its share of the household paper products market and strengthened the profitability of the H&PC Business. As for growth strategies, the H&PC overseas business focused on expanding sales of premium toilet tissue in
China. Furthermore, the Group established new operation bases in new markets in South America and MENA through M&As in Brazil (Santher S.A.) and Turkey (Özen A.S.). In new businesses, the Group commenced the biomass power generation business using the feed- in tariff (FIT) scheme in July 2020. Also, progress was seen in the commercialization of CNF (as material for table tennis rackets, materials for electric vehicle [EV] racing cars, etc.).
Issues
● Continuation of ongoing structural reforms and promotion of overseas growth strategies (bringing overseas business into the black)
● Promotion of management that is conscious of capital efficiency and strengthening of financial strength
   to produce mainly baby diapers, thereby building systems for local production and consumption in Asia.
The Group also worked on revamping its governance structure and improving its financial strength in order to rebuild its business foundation.
Issues
● Further structural shifting of the paper business
● Strengthening of production facilities of the H&PC Business
   25 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 26
  Basic Policies Review

Overview of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan
The Next Growth Stage, to a New Future
In FY2021, the Daio Paper Group launched its Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan under the slogan “GEAR UP: The Next Growth Stage, to a New Future.” Toward achieving its long-term vision, the Group will shift into high gear to accelerate its initiatives to shape a new future.
Basic Policies of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan
Overview of Strategies of Each Business Group
Amid shrinking demand for paper, the Paper and Paperboard Business aims to strengthen its performance through comparative advantages, by shifting to product types where high demand is expected and by capturing e-commerce demand and demand generated by a growing trend toward plastic reduction. The H&PC Business seeks to maximize growth opportunities by turning the overseas business into
a growth driver of the entire Group, while expanding market share across all categories: household paper, baby diapers, feminine care products, and adult diapers.
Amid growing environmental awareness, in addition to these businesses, the Group will strive to develop the CNF business and the RFID business into a third business pillar, thereby leading to creation of future growth opportunities.
SECTION 01 SECTION 02
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
   1
Establish a strong and resilient business portfolio
2
Improve financial strength
 3
Respond to climate change
(Achieve carbon-neutral status by 2050)
 ● Buildanevengreatercompetitiveadvantage in the Paper and Paperboard Business through continuous structural reforms
● Lead the Group’s growth through faster multi-category business expansion and further acquisitions in the H&PC Business
● Create future growth opportunities through new businesses such as CNF
● Strengthen cash generating capacity and improve cash flow by capitalizing on the results of structural reforms and strategic investment
● Promote management conscious of capital costs and return on capital by introducing ROIC as a management indicator
● Obtain and maintain a credit rating of A
 ● Promote the use of renewable energy, aiming to achieve decarbonization by 2050
● Continually engage in proper plantation management and expansion of plantation areas
● Promote a shift to environmentally friendly materials through CNF and plastic-free product businesses
 Strategic transformation of business portfolio
Acceleration of global expansion
H&PC Overseas Business
Overseas business will lead growth
● Feminine care products ● Adult diapers
Creation of new businesses
New Businesses Create a third business pillar
● CNF business
● RFID business (IC tags)
Environmental changes
● Increase in consciousness of environmental conservation
● Economic growth in developing countries
● Change in social issues Create future growth
opportunities
● Swift commercialization of the CNF business
● Entry into potential growth markets
Material issues
    P&P Business
Strengthen the business through comparative advantages
● Newsprint and paper ● Industrial paper and
corrugated containers
Environmental changes
● Accelerating decline in graphic paper demand
● Increasingly diverse packaging uses
● Structural growth of e-commerce market
Pursue further growth opportunities
● Maintain stable supply ● Strengthen printing and
corrugated containers in the
processing field
● Shift to product types where
demand is anticipated
● Capture e-commerce demand
and demand generated by a growing trend toward plastic reduction
H&PC Domestic Business
Expand market share across all categories
     ● Household paper ● Baby diapers
        1st MTBP (FY2014)
2nd MTBP (FY2017)
3rd MTBP (FY2020)
4th MTBP (FY2023)
Vision for 5th MTBP (FY2026)
    Net sales
Operating profit (Operating margin)
H&PC overseas net sales ratio
ROE
Net debt to equity ratio
Business segment
Total
450.2 531.3
21.8(4.8%) 11.1(2.1%)
4.9% 7.7%
10.0% 2.2%
1.9 1.6
562.9
36.9(6.6%)
11.1%
10.1%
1.3
(Billions of Yen)
¥800 billion to ¥1 trillion 80.0-100.0(10%)
30% or more 12% or more Less than 1.0
Prioritize allocation of investment to H&PC, a growth business
4th MTBP (FY2023) Targets
Maximize growth opportunities
Aim to achieve consolidated net sales of 720.0 billion yen in FY2023 (+157.1 billion yen from FY2020) and consolidated operating profit of 51.0 billion yen in FY2023 (+14.1 billion yen from FY2020)
● Rise in hygiene consciousness ● Lifestyle changes
● Fragmentation and
diversification of uses
● Structural growth of e-commerce markets
● Progress of the aging society
720.0
Environmental changes
    ●
● ● ●
●
Solidify the household paper business and strengthen the absorbent products business
Increase brand loyalty
Strengthen e-commerce sales channels Continually offer high-quality, high value- added products
Respond to the with/after-COVID-19 society
● Premium strategy
● Accelerate expansion
into growth segments
and areas
● Accelerate growth
through M&A
● Promote multi-category
business expansion
          For the first time, sales of the H&PC Business will surpass those of the Paper and Paperboard (P&P) Business
Net Sales and Operating Profit Results and Outlook by Segment
 Paper and Paperboard Business
H&PC Domestic Business
H&PC Overseas Business
(Billions of Yen)
       ■ Net sales ■ Operating profit
34.5
34.5
0
62.6
135.0 7.0
 -0.8
FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2023 (Target)
-1.9
 Net sales
(Billions of Yen)
3rd MTBP (FY2020)
Operating profit
(Billions of Yen)
Operating margin
Net sales
(Billions of Yen)
Operating profit
(Billions of Yen)
Operating margin
          330.0 360.0
   18.0
 5.5%
 30.0
   8.3%
    225.0
23.0
10.2%
 135.0
  7.0
  5.2%
 30.0
 3.0
 10.0%
 720.0
 51.0
 7.1%
     27 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 28
51.0(7.1%)
 18.8%
 10% or more
 1.0
■ Net sales ■ Operating profit
316.5 317.8
330.0 302.5
■ Net sales ■ Operating profit
225.0 23.0 160.6 170.2 175.4 15.5
9.9
        Paper & Paperboard
302.5
19.6
6.5%
    H&PC
238.0
14.7
6.2%
        (Breakdown)
Domestic
175.4
15.5
8.8%
      Overseas
62.6
22.5
562.9
-0.8
8.1
19.9 19.6
18.0
  4.3
    36.9
11.4%
ー
   Other businesses (including adjustments)
2.6
    6.6%
FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2023 (Target)
FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2023 (Target)
   
 Message from the Officer Responsible for Financial Affairs
Toshihiro Adachi
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Executive Vice President (Responsible for Corporate Unit, Compliance and Sustainability; General Manager of Business Administration Division, Corporate Unit)
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04
Supporting the Group’s Progress through to FY2026 with Solid Financial Foundation and Effective Risk Management
Q Please summarize financial achievements over the last 10 years.
Over the three years of the 4th MTBP, we plan to make capital investments of approx. 125 billion yen, of which 76.5 billion yen will be allocated to growth investments centered on the H&PC Business. Although we will strive to maintain net sales of approx. 300 billion yen annually in the Paper and Paperboard Business, which has thus far driven the growth of the Group, the H&PC Business will become the future growth engine of the Group as the paper market itself is shrinking. In Japan, the H&PC Business is expanding its market share in all categories, centered on household paper (facial tissues, toilet tissues, etc.) and absorbent products (baby diapers, etc.).
Overseas, in addition to China, Thailand and Indonesia, we have increased our operation bases through acquisitions in Brazil and Turkey. Out of growth investments of
76.5 billion yen, we will allocate 55.5 billion yen to the H&PC Business, and 10.5 billion yen each to the Paper
and Paperboard Business and new businesses including Cellulose Nanofiber (CNF), which is expected to contribute to decarbonization in the long run.
Aside from this 125 billion yen, 30 billion yen is reserved for M&A investments. We will flexibly mobilize these funds for projects that can lead to the growth of the Company.
Looking back 10 years ago, we were in a financial situation with high debt levels. In FY2011, the year before the First Medium-Term Business Plan was started, the net debt to equity ratio was 3.7 times. In addition, having plenty of cash on hand, we had many problems with fund operation efficiency.
Externally, the Group announced its vision and medium-term business plan, and made a fresh start
as a new Daio Paper Group. To improve our financial position, we introduced a cash management system that centralizes the entire Group’s cash management.
By consolidating the fund procurement functions
of the 32 affiliated companies into the Finance Unit
at Daio Paper Headquarters and introducing such a
cash management system, we managed to reduce the number of banks that we did business with to one- fourth from 100 to 25 and interest-bearing debt by over 40 billion yen, improving fund operation efficiency. We enhanced the governance of our subsidiaries by enabling constant monitoring of their bank accounts through the cash management system and consolidating payment operations into the Daio Paper Headquarters.
We also organized and sold non-core assets to streamline the balance sheet. As a result, Daio Paper’s credit rating improved from BB in the 1st MTBP to BBB+ in the 3rd MTBP. We also diversified our fund procurement methods such as by issuing bonds.
With regard to growth investments, we carefully selected investment projects during the six years of the 1st and 2nd MTBPs. With a significantly improved financial position during the period of the 3rd MTBP, we made growth investments with high leverage. Also, we were able to receive preferential treatment in interest rates as we were borrowing a greater amount from each bank because of the substantial reduction in the number of banks from which we procured funds.
Through these series of financial improvement measures, our financial position has steadily improved, and I believe the results are visible: the net debt to equity ratio improved to 1.3 times as of the end of FY2020, and net sales, ordinary profit and net profit reached record highs in FY2020. In the first year of the 4th MTBP (as
of September 2021), we obtained a credit rating of A- (Stable) from both JCR and R&I.
Q How do you analyze and judge individual investment projects?
Q
How would you, as the officer responsible for financial affairs, contribute to achieve the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan?
We aim to achieve net sales of 800 billion yen to 1 trillion yen in FY2026, the final year of the 5th MTBP. During the course of implementing growth strategies, such as M&A, production facility expansion and overseas expansion,
we will most certainly have to deal with risks related to finance and accounting, the environment, IT security, legal compliance, etc.
The strengths of our Company are its ability to embody ideas, make speedy investment decision and execute
them, and its ability to generate profits quickly through the speedy start-up of machines and new companies. These strengths lead to the speedy growth of the Company.
I always tell the Corporate Unit staff, “Never let the
Company stop growing,” or not to put brakes on the speed of growth of the Company.
To prevent risk management from slowing down
the growth strategies that the line divisions such as sales and production are pushing, I want to establish a system that makes it possible to preempt risks by anticipating the activities and movement of the line divisions, identifying and eliminating the pitfalls which may turn into risks, and thereby allowing them to continue at full speed.
To this end, by using the skills matrix of the Corporate Unit, we will strive to develop people with specialized knowledge and excellent skills to identify, analyze and deal with potential risks.
One of the three basic policies of the 4th MTBP is to improve financial strength. To strengthen cash generating capacity to enable further growth under the 5th MTBP, we will work to improve cash flow.
In view of the uncertain economic outlook, we will carefully select capital investment projects for the three years of the 4th MTBP in line with our basic policy of keeping investments at the same level as depreciation expenses of the same
29 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 30
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
period. We will also strive to maintain a credit rating of A (JCR, R&I) during the period of the 4th MTBP to achieve a higher credit rating during the 5th MTBP.
Also, to improve capital efficiency, we will promote management that is conscious of capital cost and return on capital. To this end, in addition to ROE, we have introduced ROIC (Return on Invested Capital) as an internal management indicator for evaluating the profitability of each business and investment decision.
Toward the 5th MTBP, the Group will promote the
further expansion of overseas business and the acceleration of e-commerce business in Japan and overseas. We will provide proper support in the accounting and financial aspects to enable each business group to respond effectively to external changes. To this end, the accounting and financial team will focus on three priorities: (1) strengthening the Group governance system in Japan and overseas, (2) developing accounting and finance personnel with global competencies, and (3) enhancing corporate value through disclosure of non-financial information and IR activities.
Q Tell us about your asset allocation strategies to achieve sustainable growth.
In the past, we judged whether or not to invest in a project based primarily on the payback period method and business strategies. From the 4th MTBP, we will introduce ROIC to evaluate capital investments and measure the progress
of specific measures. In ROIC analysis, rather than simply comparing the business groups side-by-side, we will evaluate
the business groups' progress toward their respective goals and take into account market size and growth potential. Also, in our investment decision-making process, we
will evaluate various factors comprehensively—not only monetary return, but also non-financial indicators such as CO2 emission reduction effects.
Q What is the shareholder return policy of Daio Paper?
We consider shareholder return to be one of our most important management issues, and have made it a policy to maintain stable dividend payment. In the future,
while maintaining stable dividend payment with due consideration given to maintaining a balance with growth
investments and financial soundness, we will introduce DOE (dividend on equity ratio) as a new indicator and reflect the increase in net assets accompanied by business growth in shareholder returns. Our DOE was 1.2% in FY2020. We aim to achieve a DOE of 2.0% in the medium to long term.
Q Lastly, could you tell us about issues that you recognize at the moment?
 
Toward Achievement of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan Paper & Paperboard Unit
Newsprint and Paper Business Group
Message from the General Manager of the Business Group
Promoting the development of new products
that contribute to the resolution of social issues
and those that respond to market
needs to make up for Tetsuya Kawabata General Manager of Newsprint and Paper Business Group,
Industrial Paper and Containerboard Business Group
Message from the General Manager of the Business Group
Proposing total packaging solutions with new materials that make
packaging sustainable
declining demand Executive Officer Paper & Paperboard Unit
Atsushi Ishida Director, Managing Executive Officer General Manager of Industrial Paper and Containerboard Business Group, Paper & Paperboard Unit
SECTION 01 SECTION 02
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
        Overview and characteristics of the Business Group
One of the strengths of the Newsprint and Paper Business Group is that it strives to improve profitability by keeping paper machines at full production and selling out products. We achieve this by making full use of highly competitive pulp of the Mishima Mill to shift
its product mix through cross-unit machine conversion. We also implement collaborative sales activities (integrated operations) that disregard the boundaries of Group companies and departments. Such collaboration enables us to propose integrated total solutions to end users, covering the entire spectrum from paper (upstream) to printing (downstream). Our ability to provide total solutions is another strength that differentiates us from our competition. Perception of the market environment (risks and opportunities) Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, demand for paper declined by 20% in FY2020 from the previous year. With the acceleration of digitalization and a shift to paperless operations, it is hard to picture a recovery in paper demand even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides. We expect that paper demand will continue to decline
by 5% every year. In the face of this difficult situation, we will strive to expand sales of high value-added products among our paper product lineup by further promoting machine conversion and product mix shift. In response to increasing needs from our business partners for products that contribute to the SDGs, we will also promote a structural shift through the development of new environment-friendly products.
Contribution to the achievement of the Medium-Term Business Plans
In a situation where a substantial recovery in demand is unlikely,
we will strive to transform the newsprint and paper business into a stronger and leaner business. We will leverage the advantages of the Mishima Mill to pursue a shift to high value-added products and maintain high operating rates while restructuring the product mix. Also, despite declining demand for commercial printing, demand for high value-added printed materials (stickers, labels, business forms, etc.) is expected to remain firm. We will work to strengthen one-stop sales across all product types, and expand sales of high value-
added printed materials to further expand net sales of the printing business from 33 billion yen in FY2020 to 40 billion yen in FY2023, thereby maximizing total profitability from paper to printing. The Paper & Paperboard Unit achieved net sales of 302.5 billion yen and operating profit of 19.6 billion yen in the final year of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2020). The targets for the final year of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2023) are net sales of 330 billion yen and operating profit of 18 billion yen.
Resolution of social issues through business activities
We expect that people’s hygiene consciousness which have heightened amid the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to remain high in the future. Seeing this as an opportunity, we will actively propose antibacterial and antiviral films. Also, in light of growing public interest in a decarbonized society, we will continue to actively provide environment-friendly products, such as paper made from recovered paper, paper materials that can replace plastic materials or laminated paper, water-disintegrable self-adhesive paper, and FSC-certified paper, to help address social issues and achieve the SDGs through our business.
Overview and characteristics of the Business Group
One of the strengths of our Business Group is its ability to provide total packaging solutions, by taking advantage of its extensive lineup of wrapping and packaging paper (containerboard, corrugated container, wrapping paper, functional paper, etc.)
and integrated operations across divisions. Daio Paper is the only company in the industry that can offer one-stop delivery of all types of containerboard. Regarding market positions in the industry, the Company ranks fourth in containerboard, fourth in corrugated containers, and second in packaging paper. The Company boasts an industry-leading comprehensive product lineup, ranging from lightweight paper to heavyweight paper and functional paper. Perception of the market environment (risks and opportunities) Amid the progress of integration of papermaking and converting in the industry, our Company is also pursuing M&As with downstream corrugated container and bag manufacturers. At the same time, we are also working to create a loose alliance network to strengthen relationships with independent converting companies. Also, with growing global momentum toward plastic-free packaging, we
will strive to expand sales of EliPla Paper, which we are marketing as an alternative material to plastic for containers and cutlery, and heat-sealable paper and RPS (Reduce Plastic Support) paper by proposing them as materials that reduce plastic use in secondary food packaging.
Contribution to the achievement of the Medium-Term Business Plans
The Paper & Paperboard Unit’s targets for the final year of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2023) are net sales of 330 billion yen and operating profit of 18 billion yen. With regard to
the containerboard business, we aim to achieve an operating margin of 5% or more by bringing the business of export sales of containerboard manufactured by the N7 machine into the black. Regarding the packaging paper business, to capture demand generated by a growing trend toward plastic reduction and elimination, we will speed up the expansion of sales by proposing value-added final products directly to end users, so as to capture the No. 1 market share in the industry (from the current 22% to 26%). With regard to the corrugated container business, we aim to achieve net sales of 60 billion yen by keeping existing facilities at full production, expanding the business through M&A activities, and considering overseas expansion of the corrugated container business through the use of overseas bases for the H&PC Business. Resolution of social issues through business activities
By taking advantage of our broad lineup of packaging paper, from lightweight paper of 5 gsm (grams per square meter) to heavyweight paper above 1,000 gsm, we will propose paper alternatives to replace plastic containers and cutlery and
plastic secondary food packaging, in order to contribute to the achievement of the SDGs through the reduction and elimination of plastic use. Furthermore, in the Japanese culture, we wrap something with paper not just because we want to cover it. We wrap things in paper to treat them carefully. We also wrap gifts in paper because we want to please the recipient. In this era of digitalization, the Daio Paper Group would like to contribute to enriching people’s lives by passing down and developing the unique and fascinating Japanese culture of paper wrapping as a way to connect the hearts of people.
                   31 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 32
[Eco-friendly product] Self-adhesive paper that uses paper recycling friendly adhesive “WD-ECO Tack”
[Functional product] Antibacterial/antiviral film “Vires Adhesive Sheet”
[New product]
EliPla Premium Series stir sticks
[Functional product]
Outer package that uses FS-RPS (Fujiya Co., Ltd.)
Major Products
Major Products

 Toward Achievement of the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan
Home & Personal Care Unit
Domestic Business Group
Message from the General Manager of the Business Group
Strengthening the product lineup to meet consumer needs, while proactively introducing high value-added Hiroyuki Shidara products
SECTION 01 SECTION 02
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
     Director, Managing Executive Officer General Manager of Domestic Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit
Aiming to achieve overseas business net sales ratio of 30% Toshiki Yamagami
Managing Executive Officer General Manager of Overseas Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit; General Manager of Overseas Business Promotion Division, Overseas Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit
Overseas Business Group
Message from the General Manager of the Business Group
  Overview and characteristics of the Business Group
Since its market launch in 1979, Elleair has been widely recognized as a daily necessities brand by many consumers and has been trusted for its high quality. The Elleair brand holds the No. 1 market share position in the household paper market (facial tissue, toilet tissue and kitchen towel).* Another strength of our Business Group is a flexible production system that can flexibly respond to changes in the market and business environment. Currently we are working to expand and reinforce our production facilities to respond to changes in market needs caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Perception of the market environment (risks and opportunities) Due to heightened hygiene consciousness amid the COVID-19 pandemic, the use of paper towels and the frequency of use of sanitizing wet tissue products have increased. Also, with an increase in the number of people staying home, demand for kitchen
towels and house cleaning products is expanding. To capture opportunities presented by increased demand for household paper products, we will continue to enhance our product lineup to better meet consumer needs and proactively introduce high value-added products. In the meantime, demand for baby care and feminine care products is expected to decrease due to population decline. We will strive to expand the market share of these products by proposing products that offer value (value = benefit/cost) and excitement to consumers.
Contribution to the achievement of the Medium-Term Business Plans
In the final year of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2020), the Domestic Business Group of the H&PC Unit achieved net sales of 175.3 billion yen and operating profit of 15.4 billion yen, both
record highs, and an operating margin of 8.8%. Under the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan, we will strive to achieve the targets
of net sales of 225 billion yen, operating profit of 23 billion yen, and operating margin of 10.2% for FY2023, thereby driving the Group’s growth. We have been able to contribute significantly to the growth of sales and profits by launching into a new product category of disposable masks and expanding sales of sanitizing
wet tissue products and paper towels, while rapidly changing the production system to respond to changes in market needs. In the future we will continue working to ensure stable supply of products while optimizing production, sales and inventory management. Resolution of social issues through business activities
“Period poverty” has become a global issue in recent years. The Group also regards it as a major social issue. Meanwhile, increasing recognition of Daio Paper’s menstrual product brand “Elis” is essential to expanding sales of the absorbent products business. To address both of these issues together, the Group launched a project named the “Heart Support Project” in 2018, under which various activities have been carried out in Africa (Kenya and Zambia) to support women’s independence, including menstruation education and access to job training. In Japan, the Group also carries out support activities for women through the donation of sanitary napkins to local governments. Also, as part of our efforts to reduce plastic use, we have marketed a paper-packaged toilet cleaning sheet product (a limited-time product) under the Kirekira! brand, the first such product in a paper secondary packaging in Japan. We will continue to undertake businesses that will lead to solutions to social issues while working to enhance our brand value.
Overview and characteristics of the Business Group
With the rise of local manufacturers, the competitive advantage
of “Made in Japan” for daily necessities such as disposable diapers and household paper—the products that we provide—is fading. In line with our basic policy of local production for local consumption, we address local issues locally, together with local employees. Specifically, we work together with local employees to identify local consumer trends, predict market trends by observing purchasing habits at stores, and make decisions quickly. One of our Business Group’s strengths is that we sensitively perceive changes in consumer preferences and market trends, predict what they will be in a year or two years’ time, and respond quickly.
Perception of the market environment (risks and opportunities) In terms of risks and opportunities, we have identified the following four items (risk → opportunity): (1) Temporary or permanent closure of stores due to the spread of COVID-19 → Strengthen e-commerce sales (find new distributors, strengthen sales promotion); (2) Declining birthrate → Promote multi-category business expansion— not only baby-related products, but also feminine care and household paper products, wet tissues and healthcare products;
(3) Exchange rate fluctuations → Control export sales; and (4) Rise of local manufacturers → Develop new technologies, and obtain patents and register designs in each country.
Contribution to the achievement of the Medium-Term Business Plans To achieve an overseas net sales ratio of 30% or more in the final year of the Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2026), we have
set targets of net sales of 300 billion yen and an operating margin of 10% for FY2026. To reach these targets, in the final year of
the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan (FY2023)—the midpoint year toward FY2026, we aim to achieve net sales of 135 billion
yen and an operating margin of 5.2% or more. In China, we will
promote multi-category business expansion in a full-fledged manner, while continuing strategic investments to enhance the brand value of our products, focusing on the GOO.N brand. In Southeast Asia, in addition to further advancing our multi-category business expansion strategy to respond to increased demand for household paper products and wet tissues due to rising hygiene consciousness, we are also reviewing our distributor policy to reflect the characteristics of each area. We are expecting that the Southeast Asian business will turn into the black. In terms of human resources, at present, 70% of employees who are managers and above are local hires. As we hope to further promote qualified
local employees to executive positions, we will set clear targets and continue our efforts to develop human resources.
Resolution of social issues through business activities
In order for the Group to grow sustainably overseas, we respect the culture, religions and customs of each country, and will continue the following activities in keeping with our mission to resolve social issues through our business: (1) Sell alcohol-based sanitizing wet tissues to help prevent the spread of COVID-19,
(2) Sell individually packaged disposable diapers for low-income consumers in traditional shops (warung) in Indonesia, and (3) As part of our preparation to enter developing countries such as those on the Africa continent, implement various local initiatives including awareness-raising activities (menstruation education, etc.) and
job training support. We will also promote various initiatives to address environmental issues while also achieving cost reduction. Such initiatives include eliminating/reducing the use of plastics, recycling production rejects from manufacturing operations, and shifting from buying electricity to generating power in-house using renewable energy (solar power).
                                *Source: INTAGE SRI (nationwide retail store tracking research) Facial tissue/toilet tissue/kitchen paper towel market (in value terms in FY2020)
33 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 34
[Newly launched product] Kirekira! Room Cleaner (disposable cleaning wipes)
[Functional product] GOO.N Plus
[Newly launched product] Thailand Baby diapers
(Mommy Kiss)
[Functional product]
China Alcohol-based sanitizing
wet tissues
Major Products
Major Products

SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
SECTION 02
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
 Feature
1
Overseas Strategies and Specific Initiatives
   Overseas Net Sales Targets by Region
FY2020 62.6 billion yen MENA + Russia (Middle East, North Africa)
FY2023 135.0 billion yen
(including 14.0 billion yen from new M&A activities)
Central and South America
22.6* billion yen
Under the Fourth Medium- Term Business Plan, the Daio Paper Group aims to further expand the Home & Personal Care (H&PC) overseas business, as its core growth engine, through multi-category business expansion in existing markets and entry into new markets. Daio Paper will strive to achieve positive operating profit across all overseas subsidiaries, realize synergies in Brazil and Turkey, into which it has made its full- scale entry through M&A, and expand export businesses.
* Only nine months of net sales from the acquisitions in Brazil and Turkey are included in the FY2020 data.
Initiatives in the China Business
China business: Promote multi-category business expansion
In China, we are working on business expansion in third-tier cities, where demand for baby diapers are growing, and also sales expansion in the super- premium zone.
We will further expand sales
of our mainstay baby diapers in the super-premium zone, for which there is growing demand, by leveraging
the brand power of GOO.N and by constantly enriching the lineup of top-of-the-line products to further strengthen our brand power. In the past, we focused on sales in the first- and second-tier cities, and produced products that matched local needs. Through these efforts, the GOO.N brand is recognized as being high quality. In order to further expand our China business in the future, we will expand our sales channel in third-tier cities and below, which account for 80% of the entire Chinese market.
Establish consumer recognition of the high quality of GOO.N brand products
Store decoration and sales floor display for “GOO.N Sunny Days” in baby shops
in third-tier cities
In October 2018, we commenced sales of household paper including toilet tissues, marking the start of our multi- category business expansion. We will enter the Chinese feminine care market, which is valued at approx. 700 billion yen (nine times the size of the Japanese market), and bring the feminine care business on track as early as possible
by leveraging the brand power and sales channel developed through the baby diaper business. We plan to install sanitary napkin converting machines in our second factory in China and start local production in January 2022.
We will promote multi-category business expansion (including household paper, etc.) in China by applying the same local production for local consumption strategy as for the baby diaper business.
       FY2020
billion yen
East Asia
62.0
 1.9* billion yen
FY2020
billion yen FY2023
14.0
billion yen
FY2023
● Household paper products ● Feminine care products
● Adult diapers
■ Baby diapers
Full-scale entry into third-tier cities
Chinese baby shop market size by city tier
(Billions of Yen) Third-tier cities 400 ■ First- and second-tier cities
300
8.0
FY2023
8%
2020
Strategies for baby diapers
 31.7
2023
  billion yen
  FY2020
billion yen
Super premium 26%
FY2023
37.0
FY2020
Constant launch of highest-grade products
Changes in Chinese market composition (by zone)
  billion yen
6.4
Southeast Asia
(Billions of Yen) 1,000 ■ Premium
800 ■Standard ■ Economy
9%
19%
   Overseas business on the whole: Promote multi-category business expansion
1%
81%
84%
2019 2020
GOO.N Sunny Days (for third-tier cities)
600 400 200
(Source: Company estimate based on data from Nielsen and China Statistical Yearbook (16.80 JPY/CNY))
200
 Changes in Sales Ratio by Category
100 00
  Adult diapers, wet tissues, other
Adult diapers, wet tissues, other
Household paper
45%
2018
2014 2017 2019 2020
2017
(Source: Nielsen (16.80 JPY/CNY))
 Adult diapers, wet tissues, other
5%
Daio Paper has been expanding our business through local
  Household paper
Feminine care
Household paper
   36% Feminine care
FY2020
FY2023
Market segmentation by zone and sales channel
Strengthening storefront promotion of GOO.N® Super Premium Gold series
   FY2018
62.6
135.0
34.5
billion yen
billion yen
   billion yen
Baby diapers 95%
Baby diapers 64%
Baby diapers 55%
 production and sales in each region. We established a local production and sales subsidiary for baby diapers in Thailand in 2011, China in 2012, and Indonesia in 2014, and acquired local manufacturers in Turkey and Brazil in 2020. As a result, Daio Paper’s baby diapers are now sold in 30 countries. Through these sales channels, we will promote multi-category business expansion by marketing feminine care products, adult diapers, household paper, etc. in each country, and we will also establish new overseas bases to achieve further growth.
Toward a net sales target of 135 billion yen for FY2023, we aim
to increase net sales by 30% in FY2021 over the previous year. To achieve this target, we are accurately grasping changes in consumer preferences and store selling trends, quickly predicting market trends, and leveraging our speedy decision-making and execution capabilities, in order to diversify our product lineup and increase the sales ratio of other categories while expanding net sales of baby diapers. In FY2023, we plan to raise the sales ratio of products such as household paper, feminine care products, adult diapers to 45% to increase net sales and profits.
GOO.N® Super Premium Gold (Highest-grade product)
Feminine care
 Promote multi-category business expansion
Full-scale entry into the feminine care market
Further sales expansion of paper products and wet tissues
      Environmental conservation activities, and initiatives to foster a sense of unity with local employees at overseas subsidiaries
EIT (Thailand): Installation of solar panels
EICN (China): Installation of solar panels
EICN: Green curtains
EICN: In-house event celebrating the ninth anniversary of the founding
elis Premium Napkin Cotton Ultra Slim
elis Super Premium Napkin Super Ultra Thin
Antibacterial toilet paper
Alcohol-based sanitizing wet tissues
     Maximize shopfront exposure through cross-selling of GOO.N with high brand recognition
  Under the management philosophy of “Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world,” the Group has been undertaking various initiatives to resolve social issues at its overseas bases. Those initiatives include installing solar panels on factory roofs to use clean
energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and installing green curtains made of climbing plants to save energy. The factory in China held a commemorative event for the first time in two years to celebrate its ninth anniversary, boosting staff morale.
35 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 36
32%
    
Feature 1 Overseas Strategies and Specific Initiatives
● Feminine care products ● Wet tissues
● Household paper products
■ Baby diapers
27%
25%
2020 2023
Sales at a small-scale store
Feminine care products (scented)
Baby diapers (premium product: Mommy Kiss)
Wet tissues
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
 Initiatives in the Thailand Business
Promote multi-category business expansion
In Thailand, local production of feminine care products and wet tissues has already begun, and export sales to neighboring countries such as Vietnam and Malaysia have been expanding.
Aiming to achieve stable profits in the baby diaper business, we will revamp premium products to improve their sales. With regard to the well- performing feminine care business,
we will increase the lineup of scented products. We will also work to expand distribution from cities to regional areas, and conduct rigorous store selection and focused sales promotion. We also plan to use e-commerce to expand sales of high-profit products.
Promotion to encourage use of wet tissues
In Indonesia, we will step up efforts
to capture fluid consumer demand
by launching baby diaper products featuring Disney characters. We will also strive to increase sales of baby diapers by expanding sales channels
to traditional stores (warung) through the adoption of individual packaging and by raising the sales ratio of e-commerce, which continues to
grow. To this end, we will actively use social media to increase our brand recognition and promote consumer understanding of our product features.
Furthermore, to achieve multi- category business expansion, we
are importing and selling products manufactured by the Group’s factory in Thailand while we continue to make progress toward it.
Initiatives in the Turkey Business
   Expand business by taking advantage of Turkey’s strategic location to increase exports
   Ukraine Eastern Europe
Russia Kazakhstan
Elleair International Turkey head office and factory
Shampoo, hand soap, shower gel
In Turkey, to achieve
further business expansion, we are now preparing to
launch GOO.N brand baby diapers by dispatching engineers from Japan to localize production. We will establish the GOO.N brand by entering the premium zone of baby diapers. In addition to strengthening sales within Turkey, we will vigorously promote exports to neighboring countries
by utilizing Turkey’s geographical advantage.
We will also roll out Elleair International Turkey’s liquid soap business (body soap, etc.), which is a new product category for the Group, to other companies within the Group, in order to develop the liquid soap business as one of the Group’s strategic businesses in the future.
In Brazil, even under the COVID-19 pandemic, demand for household paper and personal care products, which are daily necessities, remains strong and the factory continues to operate as per normal. In June 2020, Daio Paper established a business operation system in cooperation with Marubeni and Santher.
Aiming to develop the Brazil business into its second core overseas business after China, we will strive to maximize synergies between Marubeni, Santher and Daio Paper. Specifically,
by enhancing the lineup of premium zone products including baby diapers, reorganizing existing factories and introducing new machines, and strengthening sales strategies and product development systems, we will promote integrated operations of the production, development and sales divisions. Furthermore, we will expand export sales to increase our presence in the South American market.
    North Africa
Middle East
 Utilize the Daio Paper Group’s know-how and promote multi-category business expansion
    Strengthen in-store visibility, and advertising/sales promotion activities
      Initiatives in the Indonesia Business
Promote multi-category business expansion
Advertisement to promote the strong adhesive performance of our feminine care product “Elis”
Baby diapers
Wet tissues
 Initiatives in the Brazil Business
   Enhance product lineup
   ● Wet tissues ● Other
■ Baby diapers
0%
Baby diapers (economy product)
    3%
   Feminine care products
Baby diapers
Household paper
 2020 2023
Sales in a traditional shop (warung)
Baby diapers (3rd grade)
Wet tissues (produced in Thailand)
 Reform production and development systems
Bragança Paulista Factory
 Strengthen in-store visibility, and advertising/sales promotion activities
      37 Integrated Report 2021
Brand site on e-commerce platform
Instagram influencers Instagram advertisement
Integrated Report 2021 38
      
                 At the Daio Paper Group, we will achieve the Three Well-beings to realize an abundant and affable future through the four pillars of our management philosophy that have underpinned the promotion of our business operations since our establishment.
While embodying the four pillars of our management philosophy, we will ensure a link between the solutions of social issues that we have been addressing and the SDGs to be achieved by the world community, thereby contributing to the attainment of the SDGs through our business operations.
TThhrereeWeelll-lb-beeininggss
FFoouurrppilillalarsrsooff oouurrmmaannaaggeemmeenntt pphhiliolososopphhyyaanndd sosocicaiallisisusueessththaatt wweehhaavveebbeeenn aadddreressisningg
acacecsessibsilbel,ei,nisnpsipreiregogododhahbaibtsit,s, PrPorotetcetctwwelel-llb-beieningg HyHgyigenieene prportoetcetcpt epoepolpel’es’hs ehaelathlt,ha, nadndreraelaizliezeanan
oof fththeebbooddyy inicnlculsuivsievesoscoiceiteytyinineveevreyrycocmommunuintyit.y. D DeDdeidciactaetded
DDedeidciactaitoinontotommananuufafcatcuturirningg
1.1S. tSrtartaetgeigcictrtarnasnfsofromrmataitoinonoof of ouur rbbuusisninesessppoortrftofoliolio
2.2A. Acceclelreartaitoionnoof fgglolobbalael xepxpanansisoionn 3.3C. Creraetaitoionnoof fnnewewbbuusisninesesesses
AsAas ammanaunfuafcatcutruerretrhtahtaitsitshteheclcolsoessetstotocucsutsotmomeresr,sw, we earaere cocnotnintiuniunigngtotoimimplpelmemenetnotuorusraslaelsepshpihloilsoospohpyhy“w“whahtaitsis mmadaedebybyDDaiaoioisisoslodldonolnylybybyDDaiaoiosaslaelserserperperseesnetnattaivtievse.”s.” ByByidiednetniftyifiynigngsoscoiceiteyt’ys’ns enedesdqs uqiucikclkyl,yw, we ehahvaevererfeleflcetcetded thtehmeminitnotouorubr ubsuinsiensessos poepreartaiotinosn,sp, rpordoudcutcst,sa, nadndsesrevrivciecse.s.
EEnnhhaanncecewweelll-lb-beeininggoof f lilfiefestsytlyele
LifLeife
lifliefsetsytlyelse,si,mimpproroveveththeeqquualaitliytyoof flifliefe ananddenenabableleppeoeoppleletotolelaedadhhapappy yanandd enenrircihchiningglivlievse.s.
RReestsotorerewweelll-lb-beeiningg oof fththeeeeaartrhth
ReRgegnenraetriaotnion
ananddrergegenenereartaeteththeeeaartrhthbbaackckinintotoaa pplalnanetetwwitihthababuunnddaannt tnnaatuturerewwhheerere ddivievresreseoorgrgananisimsms scocoeexixsitstaannddththrirvieve. .
11..HHyyggieiennee WWeewwillilmlmakaekehyhgyigeineeneprpordoudcutcsts 22..LLifiefe
WWeewwillilplprorovivdideesesrevrivciecsesththatatenenhhanancece 33..RReeggeenneeraratitoionn WWeewwillilalcatcitvievleylycoconnseservreveththeeennvivrioronnmmeenntt
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
SECTION 02
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
Daio Paper Group Sustainability Vision
 Daio Abundant and Affable Future 2030
        A AtAttetnetnivtieve
BBonondds swwitihthlolcoaclalcocmommuunnititeises
44. C. Cooexeixsitsetnencecewwitihthlolocaclacl ocommmuunnititeises
55. E. sEtsatbablislihshmmenent toof fsusustsatianinabablelesusuppplylychchaianin
OOuruur nuinteitdedefeffofrotrstws withithlolcoaclagl ogvoevrenrmnmenetnat nadnd cocmommunuintietise,sa, saws welel lal sarserlealtaetdedinidnudsutsrtierise,s, inicnlculduidnigngpappaepremrmakaiknign,gc,ocnovnevretrintign,gd, idsitsrtibriubtuiotinon anadndlolgoigstisictisc,sh, ahvaeveleldedShSihkiokkoukcuhcuhouoCiCtyit,yt,hteheplpalcaece ofoof uorufrofuonudnidnign,gt,otodedveevleolpopinitnotoJaJpaapna'ns'tsotpopcictyity ofopfappaepre.r.
      I
66. R. Reespspeectctfofor rhhuummaannrirgighhtst,sd, deeveveloloppmmeennt toof fhhuummaann
InItnetgergartaetded CCoroproproartaetecuclutultruereprporvoivdiidnigngsasfaefteytyanadndmmotoitviavtaitoinontotowworokrk
  reresosouurcreces,sa,annddcocommppaassisoionnfoforreemmpploloyeyeess 77. F. aFairiraannddhhigighhlylytrtarannspspaarerennt tmmaannaaggeemmeennt t
BeBleieliveivnigngthtahtaetmemplpolyoeyesesaraereaacocmompapnayn'ys'sdrdirvivnigngfofrocrec,ew,wee esetsatbalbislihsehdeda ahehaelathlthinisnusruarnacneceasassoscoicaitaitoinoninin1915985.8S. iSnicnecethtehne,n, wweehahvaevebebenenwworokriknigngononememplpolyoeyeehehaelatlhthanadndvivtiatlaitliytyfrformomaa mmanaangaegmemenetnvtiveiwewpopionitn,ta,nadndaraerefuflulyllycocmommitittetdedtotohuhmumanan rerseosuorucrecededveevleolpompmenetn(te(.eg..gf.ofroeriegingnlalnagnugaugaegetrtarianiinign,gs,tsutdudy y abarboraodadprporgorgarmam, t,etcehcnhinciaclaslksikllisllstrtarianiinign)g.).
   O OOrgragnaincic CCoonntrtirbibuutitoionntotoththeegglolobbalalenenvivrioronnmmenent t
88. R. Reespspoonnsesetotoclcilmimaatetechchaannggee
99. R. Reeaalilziazatitoionnoof faarerecycyclcilningg-o-orireiennteteddsosociceietyty
1100. F. oForereststcoconnseservravatitoionnaannddmmaainintetennaannceceoof fbbioioddiviveersristiyty
InInhhereirtitninggoouur rfofouunnddere’rs’stetnenetet“S“hShoouuldldoouur rbbuusisninesesscacuausese ppoollullutitoionnininmmyyhhoommeteotowwnnanandddisitsuturbrbththeelolocaclaclocommmuunnitiyt,y, wweehhadadbbetettetrernnoot tcacrarryryoonnththatatbbuusisnineses,s”,”wweehhavaevebbeenen enenggagagededininfoforersetstrerceyccylcinlingg(a(faffoforersetsattaitoionn),)p, papaperererceyccylcinlingg (a(cahchieiveevmemenent toof af ahhigighhuutitlizliaztaitoionnrartaeteoof frerceocovevreerdedppapapere)r,)e, tect.c.
          StSrtuructcuturaral sl hshifitftoof fpprorodduuctctmmixixaaccocordrdininggtotoddeemmaanndd
    BBuusisnineesss
CCoonntrtirbibuutitoionn totoaachchieievviningg
● ● FSC certified paper FSC certified paper
SaSlaelsesofopf rpordoudcutcstsagaagianisntstinifnefcetcitoiuosusddisiesaesaesses
PrPorvoivsisoinonofopfrpordoudcutcstasnadndsesrevrivciecsefsofroarnanagaignigngpoppouplualtaiotinon
● ● Provision of services to reduce care-givers’ Provision of services to reduce care-givers’
anaxnixeiteytyanadndbubrudrednen
● ● Sales of products for active seniors Sales of products for active seniors
efeffifciiceinencycy
● ● Improvement of logistics efficiency and
PPuulplpaannddppaappeerr pprorodduuctcsts
MMaianitnatianina acocmompepteititvievededgege
PPaappeerraannddPPaappeerbrbooaardrdBBuusisnineesss NNeewBBuusisnineessesess *1*1
NNewewspsprirnint tananddppapaperer InIndduustsrtirailapl papaperer CCNNFF ooppeeraratitoionnss *2*2
 CCoonnvveertreteddpprorodduuctcsts PrPirnintitningg CCoorruruggataetdedcoconntatianineresrs
RRFFIDID
*1*1CNCNF:FC: eClelullluolsoesenannaonfoibfiebrer
*2*2RFRIFDID(r(ardaidoiofrferqeuqeunecnycyidiednetniftiefire)r: )C: oCnotnatcatcletlsesses lelcetcrtornoincicsmsmaratrtatgag
MMajaojor rInInititaitaitvievses
CCOO2 2eemmisisisoionns sreredduuctcitoionn, ,aabbsosorprptitoionnaannddfifxixaatitoionn
● ● Transition to biomass fuel Transition to biomass fuel
InIcnrceraesaeseadadeddedvavlauleue
MMajaojroIrnIintiatitaivtievses SaSlaelsesofoef nevnivriornomnmenetnatlalyll-yf-rfireinedndlylypprordoduuctcsts
● ● Environmentally-conscious products Environmentally-conscious products
MMaarkrkeet-to-orireiennteteddsasaleles stsytylele
  MMajaojroIrnIintiatitaivtievses CoCnotnritbriubtuiotinotnotionivnigviogroartaintignganadndedvevloelpoipnignglolcoaclaclocmommunuintiietsies
● ● Coexistence together with local Coexistence together with local
 bubsuisniensessspapratrntenresrs
● ● Preservation and creation of
Preservation and creation of ememplpolyomymenetnthtrhoruoguhghcacpaiptiatlal inivnevsetsmtmenetnt
●● Formationofapulpandpaperindustrialcluster Formation of a pulp and paper industrial cluster
CoCeoxeixstisetnecnecewwithithanadndsuspupoprotrftofrotrhtehelolcoaclaclocmommunuintyitoyfof eaecahchprpordoudcutciotinonbabsaese
● ● Invigoration of the local economy Invigoration of the local economy
● ● Cooperation with local Cooperation with local
cocmommunuintietisestotwowaradrdesetsatbalbislihsihnigng inifnrfarsatsrturcutcutrueresuspuplpyliynigngdadialyil-yu-suese anadndirririgriagtaiotinonwwataetrer
    MMajaojroIrnIintitaitaitvievses RReespspeectctfofor rhhuummaannrirgighhtstsaannddddiviveersristiyty
● ● Empowerment of female employees Empowerment of female employees
 (in(incrceraesaisninggpperecrecnentatgageeoof fefmemalaelemmananagageresr)s) ● ● Promotion of paternity leave uptake
Promotion of paternity leave uptake
● ● Employment of the disabled Employment of the disabled
DDeevveeloloppmmeennttooffgglolobbaallhhuummaannreresosouurcrecess
● ● Reinforcement of language training programs Reinforcement of language training programs
● ● Overseas training programs for young employees Overseas training programs for young employees
WWorokrkstsytlyelererfeofromrmananddhheaelatlhthananddpprorodduuctcitviivtiytymmananagagememenentt
● ● Promotion of paid leave uptake Promotion of paid leave uptake
● ● Promotion of smoking cessation and Promotion of smoking cessation and
  imimpprorovevmemenent toof mf menentatlahl heaelatlhthcacraere
      (e(.eg..gu. suisnigngrerceocvoevrerdedpappaepre)r)
● ● Products that reduce plastic waste
●●EfEffefcetcitvieveuuseseooffwwasatsetefufuelel
● ● Energy saving and improvement in energy use
Products that reduce plastic waste
Energy saving and improvement in energy use
● ● Masks, sanitizing wet wipes, and paper towels Masks, sanitizing wet wipes, and paper towels
●● CCOOababsosorprptitoionnananddfifxiaxtaitoionnththrorouugghh
2 2 ththeeSSDDGGss foforersetsattaitoionn
HH&&PPCCBBuusisnineesss
HHoouusesehhooldldppaappeer rpprorodduuctcsts AAbbsosorbrbeennt tpprorodduuctcsts
  Improvement of logistics efficiency and pprorommootitoionnooffmmooddalaslhshifitft
 RReedduuctcitoionn, ,rereuusese, ,aannddrerecycyclcilningg(3(3RRs)s)
● ● Achievement of a high utilization rate of Achievement of a high utilization rate of
rerceocovevreerdedppapaperer
● ● Recycling and reuse of water Recycling and reuse of water
  39
Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 40

 Material Issues and Contribution to Achieving the SDGs
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
targets (KPIs) for each pillar.
To accomplish the targets, we will enhance our corporate value on a continual basis by identifying
specific points to implement through a back-casting approach and by co-creating value.
At the Daio Paper Group, we have categorized our efforts according to the four pillars of our management philosophy, which is deeply rooted in our corporate group, in order to contribute to achieving the SDGs through our business operations.
Toward solving identified material issues, we have set business strategies, initiatives, and numerical
Strategic transformation of our business portfolio
D
Dedicated
Dedication to manufacturing
A
Attentive
Bonds with local communities
I
Integrated
Corporate culture providing safety and motivation to work
O
Organic
Contribution to the global environment
  Material Issues Business Strategies Solving Social Issues through Business Operations The SDGs
   Newsprint and paper business
● Review the production system and sales structure ● Strengthen the downstream printing business
H&PC domestic business
● Increase the domestic market share of absorbent products business ● Establish a multi-category model leveraging household paper
New businesses
● Cellulose nanofiber: Create a diverse lineup, develop applications in multiple fields, and establish foundation for mass production ● RFID (IC tag): Solve problems by presenting customized solutions
Industrial paper and containerboard business
● Continue to ensure a stable supply in Japan ● Accelerate overseas expansion
H&PC overseas business
● Promote multi-category business in countries where we have already made inroads
● Enter new markets and build the business foundation
● Make a shift from paper to containerboard  ➡Preserve employment by continuing operation   of machines
● Contribute to local development at each overseas
base
 ➡Improve technology/development capability   and preserve employment
● Develop products/applications of cellulose nanofiber
● Use RFID to enhance operating efficiency and
promote work style reform
● Sell environmentally-friendly products (e.g. those
that reduce plastic use)
● Sell products against infectious disease (masks,
sanitizing wet wipes, etc.) 
Four Pillars of Our Management Philosophy
  Hygiene
Life
Regeneration
Acceleration of global expansion
Creation of new businesses
    Major Initiatives KPIs (as of FY2030)
● Provide stable supply of water for daily use and irrigation that supports local agriculture and dairy farming in Chile
● CSR procurement ● Forest certification
Procurement survey response rate: 100% Business partners rated 3.5 or higher
on a 5-point scale: 90% Retention of forest certification
at home and abroad: 100%
FY2020 Results The SDGs
87%
56% 100%
      Life
Regeneration
Life
Coexistence with local communities
Establishment of sustainable supply chain
Respect for human rights, development of human resources, and compassion for employees
Fair and highly transparent management
Response to climate change
    ● Diversity : Promote women’s advancement
: Promote paternity leave uptake
: Employ the disabled ● Human resource development
: Improve employees’ foreign language proficiency ● Work style reform : Promote paid leave uptake
: Reduce overtime work hours
● Health and productivity management: Promote smoking cessation
Female managers (entire company): (H&PC):
Uptake rate:
Employment rate:
Employees with TOEIC 600+: Uptake rate:
Average overtime work hours (of nonmanagerial employees): Smoking rate:
10.0% 15.5% 100% 2.7%
600 90.0%
10.0 h 15.0%
2.2% 3.5% 6.0% 2.3% 223 67.2%
20.8h 26.1%
● Sustainably enhance effective and highly transparent governance system
          ● Transit to biomass-derived fuel, and effectively use waste fuel, etc.
CO2 emissions reduction
(compared to 2013): 46%
4.6%
● Promote the use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper
● Realize zero waste emission
● Promote water circulation for reuse and purification of wastewater
through proper wastewater treatment
Ratio in containerboard: 30% Recycling rate: 100% Water/wastewater COD base
unit per sales (year-on-year): 1%/year reduction
16.7%
98.7% Water: 1.6% COD 3.0%
● Protect Patagonian Cypress, a designated natural treasure, in cooperation with a local NPO
● Breed and release endangered freshwater fish Kawabata-moroko (Hemigrammocypris neglectus) in cooperation with Tokushima Prefecture
      Regeneration
Realization of a recycling- oriented society
Forest conservation and maintenance of biodiversity
   41 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 42

 Initiatives to Achieve the SDGs
Dedicated
Dedication to Manufacturing
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04
  Strategic transformation of our business portfolio / Acceleration of global expansion / Creation of new businesses
(FY)
2017 results
2018 results
2019 results
2020 results
2021 targets
2
2023 targets
3
2026 targets
2030 targets
  CNF features
 Gas barrier
Oxygen barrier
Transparency
Light-permeable
   Size stability
As high as silica glass
 Lightweight and high strength 1/5 the weight of steel 5 times the strength of steel
 Pore controllability
Large specific surface area
 Other functional features
Fine particles Dispersion and moisturizing
 Applications
  Food bag with gas barrier, etc.
Replacement for glass, etc.
  Car body, etc.
  Artificial bone reinforcing agent, etc.
  Paint, ink, cosmetic products, etc.
Available forms
Aqueous dispersion
5
7
      Molded sheets Dry powder Highly- Resin composite transparent pellet
aqueous dispersion
    ELLEX-S
ELLEX-M
ELLEX-P
ELLEX-R55
     Hygiene
Life
Acceleration of global expansion
Our sustainable growth
● Increase of our brand profile at home
● Establishment of a foundation for making inroads
into the African market
Solution of social issues
● Hygiene improvement (control of infectious diseases)
● Access to occupational training, etc.
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
 Heart Support Project
   Material Issues:
Basic Approach
As a manufacturer that is the most familiar with customers’ needs, we operate based on the belief “what is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives.” While providing high-quality and value-added products and services, we are striving to realize people- friendly manufacturing in harmony with the global environment.
As a full-range paper manufacturer engaged in the production and sale of paper, paperboard and home and personal care products,
Mishima Mill, Daio Paper
we quickly detect social needs and issues in a wide range of fields, reflect that knowledge into our research and development that creates new value and also into our flexible production systems, and ensure high transparency in our procurement process and thoroughness in quality management. By doing so, we well realize “trusted manufacturing” and co-create value from sustainable corporate growth and the solution of social issues.
We would like to contribute to solving social issues in developing
countries, such as infectious diseases due to insufficient hygiene, and
poverty due to unemployment because of lack of skills. In 2018, we
initiated the Heart Support Project and have provided employment
opportunities for female teachers, access to occupational training, and
support in other forms. This fiscal year again, we launched the project
Heart Support 2021 and plan to teach local citizens how to make cloth
sanitary pads to help them obtain a skill for earning income and also to
promote the use of sanitary pads to control infectious diseases. We will continue to implement the Heart Support Project to solve social issues. At the same time, we will work to increase our brand profile at home and establish a foundation for making inroads into the African market, thereby accelerating our global expansion.
Locally: 1) provide a community space, and 2) teach how to make cloth sanitary pads
Improve hygiene by teaching how to make cloth sanitary pads and promoting the widespread use of hygiene products ▼
Establish a foundation for making inroads into the African market in the future and increase our brand profile in the support countries
    Use social media in Japan to solicit support ▼
Increase our brand profile
  Management Philosophy
Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world
*Initiatives for achieving Target 3 of Goal 3 and Target 5 of Goal 4
Application development of cellulose nanofiber
Solution of social issues
● Development of environmentally-friendly products in the automobile, sports, beauty care and other fields contributing to a better quality of life
● Transition from fossil fuel materials to non-fossil fuel derived materials
    Our sustainable growth
Research and development that creates new value Highly transparent procurement process
Co-creation of value
Trusted manufacturing
Solution of social issues
Flexible production systems Thorough quality management
Life
Regeneration
Creation of new businesses
Our sustainable growth
● Business expansion through new business launch
            Detect social needs and issues and reflect that into products and services quickly
Market-oriented sales style: what is made by Daio is sold only by Daio sales representatives Major Initiatives
Cellulose nanofiber (CNF) is produced by refining wood fiber (pulp), an environmentally-friendly material, to nanosized fibrils. We take advantage of its features when we develop applications for CNF. Setting application development targets to be achieved by 2030 in seven fields, we have already put CNF to practical use in two fields. The number of samples that we provide have increased considerably as the growing need to reduce CO2 emissions is raising the interest in weight reduction, plastic reduction, etc. through usage of and replacement with CNF. To respond to this trend, we are planning to operate a new CNF composite resin pilot plant in FY2021 and establish an integrated manufacturing process in order to improve our productivity drastically. In addition,
we have established a system of supplying products in the five forms—not only aqueous dispersion, but also molded sheets, dry powder, highly-transparent aqueous dispersion, and resin pellets. By accelerating our process toward commercialization, we will realize a new business launch.
  Shift from graphic paper to packaging paper
Solution of social issues
● Preservation of employment through continuous operation of machines
● Sales of FSC certified paper and paper with recovered paper pulp content
In accordance with our strategy to deal with decline in demand for newsprint and paper, we have been proceeding with a shift from graphic paper to packaging paper. Last year, we rebuilt the N7 paper machine of the Mishima
Mill into a machine that produces containerboard, thereby preserving the local employment. At the same time, we have launched export of paper to China and other parts of Southeast Asia by taking advantage of our competitive production equipment, which can use pulp for any type of paper, and our location next to the sea.
As we have done for our domestic business, we are striving to establish a highly productive business model for the exports. To do so, while meeting local users’ needs in terms of quality, we have developed DAIO FSC Certified Japan Premium Kraft Linerboard (FSJPK). As a product unsusceptible to market fluctuations and designed for overseas markets, this linerboard is characterized by high burst strength, FSC certification, and a combination of recovered paper pulp and kraft pulp. In China and other parts of Southeast Asia, there is shortage of kraft pulp equipment. This linerboard uses in-house produced kraft pulp for high burst strength, and it also contains high strength recovered paper pulp of stable quality. Hence, it is gaining recognition in our users’ countries as an environmentally-friendly linerboard that can obtain forest certification. This product, highly acclaimed for its high burst strength, high strength, and stable quality, enabled us to expand our customer base and strengthen our profitability more than originally expected. While continuing to proceed with the strategic transformation of our business portfolio, we will develop products with consideration given to solving social issues through our business operations.
Strategic transformation of our business portfolio
Our sustainable growth
● Launching new products in growing fields
● Sales in overseas markets with demand growth
     Life
Regeneration
N7 paper machine, rebuilt into a machine that produces containerboard
CNF commercialization fields
1 1
1 2
   Commercializable applications and prospective solution of social issues
        ELLEX-☆ (star)
 43 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 44
*Initiatives for achieving Targets 3 and 5 of Goal 8, Targets 2 and 5 of Goal 12, and Target 2 of Goal 15
*Initiatives for achieving Targets 2 and 4 of Goal 8, Target 5 of Goal 9, Target 2 of Goal 12, and Target 16 of Goal 17

 Coexistence with local communities
(FY)
2017 results
2018 results
2019 results
2020 results
2021 targets
90%
2023 targets
100%
2026 targets
2030 targets
100%
   65%
75%
100%
 85%
90%
    100%
100%
100%
100%
       Initiatives to Achieve the SDGs
Attentive
Bonds with Local Communities
Material Issue:
Basic Approach
As a global corporate group with operating bases in eight countries, the Daio Paper Group aims to be a good corporate citizen and earn trust throughout the world. We actively support local initiatives to contribute to local development while realizing coexistence with local communities through our business operations.
Both at home and abroad, we will continue to hold plant tours for local residents and students and to participate in local communities, thereby enhancing their understanding of our business operations and growing harmoniously with local communities.
Major Initiatives
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
Contribution to invigorating and developing local communities
SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
1) Provide stable supply of water for daily use and irrigation that supports local agriculture and dairy farming
2) Provide neighboring residents with a space for setting a water tank for irrigation 3) Provide indigenous people’s groups with skill training for growing fruits
 Plant tour at the Kawanoe Mill
Regeneration
1)
Located in Chile, South America, Forestal Anchile LTDA works in cooperation with local communities toward establishing infrastructure and realizing local development. Purranque City, Osorno Province, Region X, where we own forests, suffers from a water shortage every dry season. In 2016, we were requested by the city’s mayor
and local residents to cooperate in drilling a well, but it
was likely that such a well might not produce a sufficient
amount of water. After continuing to engage in dialogues
with local residents and in-house discussions, we proposed
the best possible solution of setting a water pipe and
water tanks. We installed an approximately 2,300-m water
pipe from the river running through forests possessed
by Forestal Anchile and set water tanks. As a result, it has
become possible to supply water on a stable basis, when
     Management Philosophy
Intake from Puquitrahue River
Two water tanks set on the property of a school in Los Riscos
  Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world
power and water supply systems, which are within the jurisdiction of the
regional government, are established.
2) To help secure irrigation water for local residents, we have provided a space for setting a tank for storing 13,000 L of spring water together with water intake equipment.
3) To contribute to local economic development, we provide indigenous people’s groups with skills training for growing fruits, together with the necessary resources. We will continue this training so that local residents can obtain the necessary skills and realize sustainable agricultural development.
   Harmonious growth with local communities
Response to declining birthrate and aging population
We are striving to contribute to community development
so that the vulnerable communities can live without worry, by, for example, providing services that will lead to the extension of healthy
life spans and supporting
the establishment of a community-based integrated care system. To respond to the declining birthrate and aging population, we are providing support for people to enjoy comfortable lives.
Irrigation tank
Skills training for local residents
  *Initiatives for achieving Targets 3 and 4 of Goal 2, Target 4 of Goal 6, Target 1 of Goal 11, and Target 16 of Goal 17
    Coexistence with and support for local communities
We are striving to enhance understanding of our business operations by, for example, holding plant tours for local residents and students, promoting local sports, and participating in volunteer activities.
While contributing to each country and region’s rich development, we will continue to grow together with local communities.
Contribution to invigorating and developing local communities
While respecting each country and region’s laws, various international norms, cultures, religions, customs, etc., we will contribute to developing people’s daily lives, cultures and industries around the world through our global business operations.
Material Issue: EstMaabtleirsihalmIsesunets:o持f続su可sta能inなabサleプsuラppイlyチcェhaーinンの確立
    Basic Approach
At the Daio Paper Group, we perform procurement activities based on our Sustainable Procurement Guidelines in the stance described on the right.
Daio Paper Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines Based on the SDGs
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/wp- content/uploads/2021001en.pdf
Major Initiatives
Establishment of sustainable supply chain
1. We comply with laws and regulations, social norms and internal rules, respect the cultures and customs of the countries where our suppliers are located, and fulfill
our corporate social responsibility by giving due consideration to human rights, environmental conservation, safety and health, and contributions to local communities in our supply chain in order to realize a sustainable society.
2. We build good partnerships with our suppliers, conduct fair and equitable transactions, and work to mutually improve and develop quality and technical capabilities.
3. We cooperate with our suppliers to formulate a business continuity plan (BCP) and monitor and promote its implementation, aiming to secure a stable supply system.
  Coexistence with and support for local communities / Response to declining birthrate and aging population
Trilateral cooperation between Hirakata City (Osaka Prefecture), Shinwa Syouji Co., Ltd., and Daio Paper for recycling resources
CSR Procurement: procurement based on the Sustainable Procurement Guidelines
 Regeneration
We have established the Daio Paper Group Sustainable Procurement Guidelines Based on the SDGs,
Life which set forth our commitments throughout our corporate group and supply chain not only to improve quality and technology, but also to ensure legal compliance in the fields of human rights, environmental
preservation, safety and health, etc., conduct fair and equitable transactions, ensure BCP, and contribute
to local communities. We have communicated the guidelines to our business partners and placed them Regeneration on our website. Moreover, to confirm that our procurement is in accordance with the guidelines, we
have conducted a questionnaire survey among our business partners. With the survey’s response rate
reaching 87%, 56% of the respondents are rated 3.5 or higher on a 5-point scale. To accomplish our
FY2030 targets—response rate: 100%; and percentage of business partners rated 3.5 or higher on a
5-point scale: 90% or higher—we are giving feedback to the respondents, while asking and supporting
low-rated respondents to make improvements. Furthermore, we are considering dividing the guidelines into 1) compliance, 2) request, and 3) recommendation to evaluate business partners with a special weight on compliance. We will continue to work to realize sustainable procurement throughout our supply chain, while striving to achieve harmonious growth and development.
 In some areas of Hirakata City, their neighborhood associations are becoming unable to collect recyclable paper due to their declining birthrate and aging population. In addition, many residents, including those living alone, sort recyclable paper not as recyclable garbage but as burnable garbage. Some research on the composition of burnable garbage has revealed that more than 10% of the
garbage is recyclable paper. To solve this problem, the city is now
taking the lead in collecting recyclable paper. If such recyclable paper
is collected rather than thrown away as burnable garbage, it will lead
to the reduction of waste and also reduction of the operating load of
the relevant incinerator. To ensure that the collected paper is recycled, the three entities of Hirakata City, Shinwa Syouji, and Daio Paper have signed an agreement on the use of the paper collected by the city. This agreement ensures a stable supply of recyclable paper from Hirakata City, an effective use of the resources, and solution of the problem resulting from the declining birthrate and aging population. While maintaining close cooperation with the city and the wholesaler of recyclable paper, we will continue to strive to achieve a sustainable cycle of recycling.
*Initiatives for achieving Target 6 of Goal 11, Target 5 of Goal 12, and Target 17 of Goal 17
*Initiatives for achieving Target 7 of Goal 8, Target 3 of Goal 10, and Targets 4 and 6 of Goal 12, Targets 1 and 2 of Goal 15, and Target 16 of Goal 17
      Recyclable paper collected by Hirakata City
Recovered paper bales being loaded
Supplier survey response rate
Suppliers rated 3.5 or higher on a 5-point scale
Retention of forest certification at home and abroad
‐ ‐ ‐ 87%
‐ ‐ ‐ 56%
100% 100% 100% 100%
 45 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 46
▲

 Initiatives to Achieve the SDGs
Integrated
Corporate Culture Providing Safety and Motivation to Work
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04
  Respect for human rights, development of human resources, and compassion for employees / Fair and highly transparent management ▶ Corporate Governance from P. 57
2017 results
2018 results
2019 results
2020 results
2021 targets
2023 targets
2026 targets
2030 targets
  Investment in the future Investment in training, health and productivity management, better systems, etc.
(FY)
2.4%
4.3%
4.5%
6.0%
6.5%
10.0%
10.0%
    15.5%
    16.8%
18.0%
24.5%
29.5%
    25.0%
28.0%
36.0%
40.0%
    20.0%
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
     2.3%
2.6%
2.7%
2.7%
    (FY)
2017 results
2018 results
2019 results
2020 results
2021 targets
68
2023 targets
84
2026 targets
108
2030 targets
140
    250
350
500
600
    49
70
100
150
    (FY)
2017 results
2018 results
2019 results
2020 results
2021 targets
25.0%
2023 targets
22.0%
2026 targets
18.0%
2030 targets
15.0%
    20.0h
   70.0%
18.0h
80.0%
15.0h
80.0%
10.0h
 90.0%
    Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
   Material Issues:
Basic Approach
At the Daio Paper Group, we are striving to establish a corporate culture providing safety and motivation to work, in order to foster human resources who can take on challenges toward increasing corporate value on a sustainable basis under our founding spirit “Passion with sincerity leads to greatness.”
To further respond to diversifying needs and risks, we will take advantage of our diverse human resources and provide many more opportunities for them to fully demonstrate their ability. By doing so, we will generate innovation and reinforce
In an internal meeting
our ability to create value and maintain our competitiveness. We are striving to establish a workplace environment with consideration given to health and safety, as well as a
system and culture where employees can feel their growth and are motivated. We are also aiming to ensure that each individual is fairly evaluated and treated based on his/her role, responsibilities, and achievements. By making these efforts, we will foster self-directed human resources who dare to take on challenges and “think, decide and act for themselves.”
Major Initiatives 1) Establish an environment where diverse human resources can play active roles
Promotion of diversity & inclusion 2) Promote corporate culture reform to enable everybody to take on challenges
For our future growth, it is essential for women to play even more active roles in all our business fields, including H&PC Life Business, which serves as the engine of our growth. We are actively assigning female employees to the H&PC Business, which has the widest variety of opportunities for them to play active roles, and fostering prospective female managers
on a well-planned basis through various programs, such as cross-industrial interaction programs, launched in 2014, and
practical management skill training programs, to be newly started. In addition, we are also making various efforts to reform the mindsets of all employees, such as using internal social media to disseminate messages directly from the president (from 2021) and organizing training programs on diversity for the senior and middle management (from 2020) and training programs on unconscious bias for all employees (from 2019). Furthermore, we are working to increase the paternity leave uptake to 100%, and are also encouraging employees to use the flextime system, remote work system, etc., building an internal network for parenting employees, and promoting a cross-sectional reform of our corporate culture under the lead of young employees. By pursuing
a work style reform with a focus on productivity and ensuring an appropriate work-life balance, we will
continue our reform toward establishing a corporate culture where all employees can take on challenges
and play active roles.
*Initiatives for achieving Targets 1, 5 and C of Goal 5
  Female managers (entire company) ” (H&PC)
Female employees on the managerial track (entire company)
1.4%
2.5% 13.5%
1.5% 2.0% 2.2%
3.1% 3.4% 3.5% 13.3% 13.7% 13.6%
22.4% 21.7% 21.6%
5.0% 4.0% 6.0%
2.2%  2.3%  2.3%
1) Develop next-generation leaders and global human resources 2) Develop self-directed human resources
 ” (H&PC) 21.9%
 Paternity leave uptake
Disabled employees
3.0%
2.1%
   Development of human resources
   Management Philosophy
Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world
Life
To ensure medium and long term development, we are continuing to foster next-generation leaders and global human resources. In particular, for employees who may in the future engage in our overseas businesses, which serve as the engine of our growth, we provide not only our conventional overseas training program, but also those indicated below to remove their hesitation about working abroad and increase their foreign language proficiency.
In addition, to develop self-directed human resources who “think, decide and act for themselves,” we have enabled employees to shape their career and develop their capabilities on a self-directed basis by, for example, giving them options to join
an external management training program, study for an MBA, and utilize Daio Career Challenge (internal open call for employees to select their own career). By making these efforts, we are striving to enhance employees’ engagement and motivation.
*Initiatives for achieving Targets 3 and 4 of Goal 4
  ▶ Remove hesitation about working abroad 1) Overseas training program for young employees 2) Workshop on working overseas 3) Training program on global mindset
   Growth of the organization
Active roles by diverse human resources Better productivity
Growth of individuals
Development, retention and recruitment of excellent human resources Display of capabilities
▶ Increase foreign language proficiency 1) TOEIC online IP test 2) Financial support for online English conversation training 3) Short-term overseas training program for language proficiency
          Innovation
Employees fostered as next-generation leaders Employees with TOEIC 600+
Transfers under the internal open call system
36
241 31
45 52 60
239 215 223 32 36 41
          Motivation to work
Higher motivation
1) Health and productivity management 2) Work style reform 3) Safety and health 4) Better HR systems
 Establish a business foundation for creating value
Respect for human rights Development of human resources
Promoting diversity Developing self-directed human resources
Compassion for employees
Health and productivity management / work style reform / safety and health / better systems
Life
To realize sustainable growth as a vibrant and sound corporate group, we need to enhance employees’
engagement and performance. To do so, we announced the Daio Paper Group Declaration of Health in
FY2014 and the Work Style Reform Declaration in FY2016. For health and productivity management, we place
our focus on ensuring an appropriate work-life balance, improving lifestyle habits, providing ample care for
mental health, and supporting early detection of disease and prompt cure. While ensuring that the PDCA cycle
runs smoothly, we implement a wide variety of measures. Specifically, we have introduced flexible working
systems, including a flextime system, a remote work system, and annual paid leave that can be taken by the
hour. In addition, we are encouraging employees to quit smoking by launching a quit-smoking challenge in FY2019 for those in managerial positions, including the top management. We have also initiated a health counseling service and started offering group long-term disability (GLTD) insurance for compensating loss of earnings. We will continue to make efforts to establish an environment where employees can fulfill their responsibilities without worry in this age of the 100-year life.
Compassion for employees
        Smoking rate
Average overtime work hours (of nonmanagerial employees) Paid-leave uptake
31.0%
21.4h 58.2%
31.2%
22.0h 71.0%
30.5%
23.0h 78.0%
26.1%
20.8h 67.2%
 47 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 48
*Initiatives for achieving Targets 4, 6 and 9 of Goal 3, Target 1 of Goal 5, Targets 5 and 8 of Goal 8, and Targets 2 and 3 of Goal 10
Sustainable growth of the corporate group
Better business results
Mindset reform / corporate culture reform
Engagement

   Initiatives to Achieve the SDGs
Organic
Contribution to the Global Environment
Material Issues:
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
Major Initiatives
SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
Installation of a biogas generator using papermaking wastewater
 Basic Approach
At the Daio Paper Group, we established the Global Environmental Charter in 1993 ahead of any other company in the papermaking industry. Based on its basic principle, we have been actively committed to solving environmental problems through our business operations. To ensure a link between
the previous initiatives in which we have been engaged so
far and our initiatives toward accomplishing the SDGs based on the Daio Paper Group Sustainability Vision, which was
©Sumitomo Heavy Industries Environment Co., Ltd.
Anaerobic treatment facility (biogas generator)
established this May, and also to incorporate these initiatives into our business management, we have revised the Global Environmental Charter at the same time. We will continue environmentally-friendly business operations toward realizing a sustainable carbon-free society in harmony with the global environment, a recycling-oriented society, and a society that coexists in harmony with nature.
Regeneration
Promotion of the use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper (gypsum Realization of a recycling-oriented society board, laminated paper, etc.)
Toward the target of raising the ratio of hard-to-recycle recovered paper pulp in containerboard to 30% by FY2030, we are promoting the use of hard-to-recycle recovered paper, which used
to be incinerated due to high levels of contaminants that inhibit recycling (i.e. plastics such
as DVDs that come with magazines). Using our proprietary technology,
we automatically sort pulp fiber from plastics and utilize the former as
papermaking raw materials and the latter as fuel for waste boilers to generate power instead of fossil fuel. By using the waste, which used to be merely incinerated, as an energy source, we can reduce the use of fossil fuel, also contributing to reducing CO2 throughout the value chain. In addition, Iwaki Daio Paper is constructing a waste boiler that will use waste-derived fuel, which has been difficult to use so far (scheduled for operation in January 2023). The completion of the boiler will transform Iwaki Daio Paper into a mill that uses only in-house power generated from non-fossil fuels.
Since a high utilization rate of recovered paper will lead to solving marine pollution (as waste plastic is also used effectively as a fuel), we will continue to work toward accomplishing the target.
(FY) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2023 2026 2030 results results results results targets targets targets targets
Ratio of hard-to-recycle recovered paper pulp in containerboard 11.6% 13.7% 16.7% 16.7% 21.8% 24.0% 27.0% 30.0% *Initiatives for achieving Target 4 of Goal 8, Target 5 of Goal 12, and Target 1 of Goal 14
1) Maintain almost half of our forests as natural forests and protect Patagonian Cypress, a designated natural treasure
2) Breed and release endangered freshwater fish Kawabata-moroko (Hemigrammocypris neglectus) in the Yoshino River
Response to climate change
 Regeneration
Toward the target of reducing CO2 emitted through production activities
by 46% compared to FY2013 by FY2030, we are working on fuel transition, energy saving, etc. As part of such measures, we began to operate a biogas generator at the Mishima Mill in October 2020. It has been designed to extract biogas (derived from biomass generated when organic matter is fermented) from methanol-containing wastewater from the kraft pulping process, and
to effectively use the biogas as a replacement for fossil fuel. Since this biogas contains methane, we use the extracted gas as it is in the lime calcination facility (kiln) in the mill, thereby replacing fossil fuel and reducing CO2 emissions (approximately 15,000 t per year) and drainage load. We will continue to implement various measures that will lead to lower CO2 emissions toward achieving carbon neutrality.
*Initiatives for achieving Target 2 of Goal 7, Target 4 of Goal 9, and Target 16 of Goal 17
 Plantation owned by Forestal Anchile
  Response to climate change / Realization of a recycling-oriented society / Forest conservation and maintenance of biodiversity
     Daio Global Environmental Charter
Principle
Daio Paper Group will expand its business globally in harmony with the global environment while actively tackling environmental problems with the aim of realizing a sustainable society.
  Basic Policy
5. Development and deployment of technologies and
products with lower environmental impact
6. Reduction of environmental load together with supply
chain partners
7. Legal compliance and active environmental
communication/ coexistence with local communities
Management Philosophy
For details of each item, read this QR code.
  1. Mitigation of global warming
2. Forest conservation and maintenance of
biodiversity
3. Effective use of resources and environmentally
friendly procurement of raw materials
4. Reduction and effective use of waste
Waste boiler No. 5 under construction at Iwaki Daio Paper
     Shaping an abundant and affable future for the world
Forest conservation and maintenance of biodiversity
     A borderless society that coexists in harmony with nature
An earth that is regenerated back into a planet with abundant nature and its forest area restored
CO2 absorption and fixation
Forest conservation and maintenance of biodiversity
Sustainable forest management
Forestation Protection of flora and fauna
Future Visions
Carbon neutrality throughout the supply chain
Clean energy used throughout the world
GHG reduction
Response to climate change
Effective use of sustainable resources
Energy saving Energy transition
A recycling-oriented society with less waste
A shift from plastic to non-fossil fuel derived materials
Lower environmental impact
Realization of a recycling-oriented society
Sustainable recycling of resources
Reduction, reuse and recycling (3Rs) Material transition
Kawabata-moroko, endangered freshwater fish inhabiting the Yoshino River
Regeneration
1) Located in Republic of Chile, South America, Forestal Anchile LTDA maintains almost half of its
59,000 ha of forests, or 28,000 ha, as natural forests to protect the designated natural treasure
Alerce (Patagonian Cypress). While communicating with the Chile National Forest Corporation
and local NGOs, the company has a specialized organization conduct research on the forests to check the growth of the trees. Referring to recommendations from the organization, the company is carrying out preservation activities appropriately.
In addition, the company regularly performs monitoring in those areas within its forests that are recognized as highly worthy of protection, and such areas comprise natural forests and zones that endangered species might inhabit. The company designates monitoring plots in the protected forest adjacent to the plantation where logging will be done and conducts monitoring before and after its operations. Moreover, this fiscal year, the company has newly begun to use images captured from the sky by drones in order to confirm that its operations has no impact on the flora and fauna ecosystems. The company
will continue to work toward ensuring coexistence and coprosperity of a wide variety of creatures.
2) The Tokushima Factory of Daio Paper Products Corporation is a member of an association breeding and releasing Kawabata-moroko, designated as Endangered Class IA. Using water tanks on its property, the factory has been breeding 200 fish that it received from Tokushima Prefecture in January 2016. The fish
population declined by 50 in the first two years. However, by protecting the remaining fish from birds, setting protective cases for its fry, and managing the water temperature even more carefully, the factory has been successfully increasing the number of the fish since the third year. Although this project has not yet reached the phase of releasing the fish, 791 individual fish were identified as of July 2021. For further breeding, the plant has added various measures, such as monitoring the water quality, setting spawning beds, and cleaning the protective cases. Toward the target of releasing at least 200, the number of the fish originally received from the prefecture, to their original habitat, the factory will continue to breed the fish in cooperation with Tokushima Prefecture.
*Initiatives for achieving Target 6 of Goal 6, Targets 1, 2, 4, and 5 of Goal 15, and Targets 16 and 17 of Goal 17
                           49 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 50

 Renewable energy
Shift away from coal
 FY2020
Launch of the operation of a black liquor recovery boiler Launch of the operation of biogas generation equipment
FY2022 Installation of a waste-to-energy boiler (Iwaki Daio Paper)
FY2021
Switch of fuel from heavy oil to LNG
Installation of
a waste-to-energy boiler
Shift from selling biomass-generated power under the FIT scheme to self-consumption
   Increase of use of black liquor and biomass fuel
     Installation of solar and wind power generation facilities, etc.
   Application of new fuels
  Promotion of energy conservation
  Reduction of energy consumption per unit by 1% every year
Application of new papermaking technology (Significant energy saving in pulping/paper drying process)
  Carbon sinks
 Proper management of forestation and introduction of tree species with a high growth rate
   Expansion of forestation area
 SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
SECTION 02
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
 Feature
2
At the Daio Paper Group, we have declared our commitment to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050.
We have been proceeding with a wide variety of environmentally-conscious initiatives, such as increasing energy efficiency and using biomass fuel. In line with the roadmap that we have established, we will continue to implement measures toward realizing carbon neutrality.
Roadmap to Achieving Carbon Neutrality by 2050
We will actively work to reduce dependence on fossil fuel by applying know-how and new technologies that enable us to use alternative fuels.
Initiatives toward a Carbon-free Society
 By 2020
By 2030
46% reduction in CO2 emissions by FY2030 (compared with FY2013)
By 2040
Shutting down of first coal-fired boiler at the Mishima Mill
By 2050
Shutting down of last coal-fired boiler
Full phasing-out of coal
Shikokuchuo City Carbon Neutrality Council Established
– Discussing Measures and Roadmap for Region-Wide Energy Transition –
On June 21, 2021, the Shikokuchuo City Carbon Neutrality Council, consisting of major energy users in Shikokuchuo City, was established, with Daio Paper serving as a founding member.
As indicated by the Green Growth Strategy through Achieving Carbon Neutrality in 2050, formulated by the Japanese government in December 2020, it is becoming essential for private companies to make efforts toward realizing carbon neutrality.
To address global warming, we are making a wide variety of efforts, such as energy conservation and fuel transition. To accomplish our target of reducing our CO2 emissions by 46% compared to FY2013 by FY2030, we are now proceeding with various measures steadily.
To realize carbon neutrality by 2050, however, we have to, at present, depend on innovation to some extent. The key to the adoption of new technology lies not only in each individual company’s efforts, but also in cooperation between companies and in cooperation with local governments and financial institutions.
Boasting the highest shipment value of paper products in Japan, Shikokuchuo City is a major center of papermaking and its related industries. The city is home to a cluster of papermakers, all located in a certain area. The council intends to take advantage of this feature of the circumstances and implement initiatives toward realizing carbon neutrality through public-private cooperation.
In the first phase, the council will define its entire vision regarding a carbon-free society, collect information on cutting-edge technology trends and policy trends, and formulate a roadmap toward realizing carbon neutrality. Thereafter, while updating the roadmap, the council will proceed to the second phase, where they will implement various measures in order to contribute to achieving carbon neutrality in Shikokuchuo City.
While respecting the bonds with local communities, Daio Paper will continue to contribute to protecting the global environment.
Information Disclosure in line with the TCFD Recommendations
 We position response to climate change as a top priority of management. Our policy, specific initiatives, etc. regarding climate change are examined at the Sustainability Committee, which reports to the Board of Directors and deliberates on such issues on a regular basis. Toward disclosing information in line with the TCFD recommendations, we are currently conducting scenario analysis, starting from the paper and paperboard business, which is expected to have a significant impact. We plan to provide a disclosure in the four TCFD thematic areas by April next year.
      Shutting down of second coal-fired boiler
    51 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 52
Toward carbon neutrality

   Feature 2 Initiatives toward a Carbon-free Society
Mishima Mill at present
Society
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
Recovered paper (corrugated containers and magazines)
Recovered paper (corrugated containers and magazines) As of FY2030 (One coal-fired boiler shut down) + hard-to-recycle recovered paper + gypsum board lining paper
              Daio Paper
Product
Hard-to-recycle recovered paper
CO2
Incinerator No recovery of energy from waste
Customer
Gypsum board lining paper
CH4
Landfill
Society
Daio Paper
CO2
New power generator
CO2
Product
Customer
       CO2
  Recycling plant
Coal
Incinerator No recovery of energy from waste
Recycling plant
Coal
Incinerator No recovery of energy from waste
Fuel
(Plastics in recovered paper)
Material recycling
Material recycling
Energy (Power + steam)
Energy (Power + steam)
CO2
CO2
CO2
CO2
Incinerator No recovery of energy from waste
Landfill
        External (upstream)
Coal-fired boilers (3 units)
Internal
External (downstream)
External (upstream)
Coal-fired boilers (2 units)
Internal
External (downstream)
 FY2030 Target to Combat Global Warming
Reducing CO2 Emitted through Production Activities by 46% Compared to FY2013
- Shut Down One of the Three Coal-fired Boilers at the Mishima Mill -
Proper management of forestation and expansion of overseas forestation area
Promotion of energy conservation (reduction of energy consumption per unit by at least 1% every year)
Installation of a new waste- to-energy boiler at the Mishima Mill (Environmental assessment in progress)
Installation of solar power generation equipment at production bases in Japan and abroad
     Message from the General Manager of the Production Division
Contributing to Achieving Carbon Neutrality by Continuing Our Initiatives for
and we plan to make the disclosure by April 2022.
We believe that response to climate change should be
regarded as a matter that we should work on actively as a going concern, not reluctantly as something unavoidable. We will implement specific measures step by step, not just stop at mere information disclosure.
We have already taken the first step toward accomplishing the target. At the Mishima Mill, we began to operate a high- efficiency black liquor recovery boiler in July 2020, as well as
an anaerobic treatment facility that extracts biogas from pulp wastewater in October of the same year. In FY2021, we plan
to partially switch our lime kilns’ fuel source from heavy oil to liquefied natural gas (LNG), a low-carbon fuel.
In addition to these efforts at the Mishima Mill, we are installing another waste boiler at Iwaki Daio Paper. Fueled by wood residue and waste plastic, the mill’s third waste boiler is scheduled for operation in FY2022. The completion
of the boiler will transform Iwaki Daio Paper into a mill
that uses only in-house power generated from non-fossil fuels. Moreover, Iwaki Daio Paper’s surplus power will
be transferred to its adjacent Elleair Product’s Fukushima Factory, which is expected to contribute to reducing Fukushima Factory’s power purchases. This project is recognized as the first “collaborative energy-efficiency plan” under Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s Act on the Rational Use of Energy (Energy Conservation Act).
We also plan to newly install a waste boiler at the Mishima Mill, with environmental assessment currently underway. By doing so, we will shut down one of the three coal-fired boilers at the Mishima Mill by FY2030. Even after that, we will continue to reduce our dependence on coal by making effective use of biomass and waste-derived fuel. We will completely phase out coal usage and achieve carbon neutrality by FY2050.
Environmental Conservation
Hiroshi Yamasaki
Director, Managing Executive Officer Responsible for Production Unit; General Manager of Production Division
 At the Daio Paper Group, we formulated the Sustainability Vision in May 2021 and declared in the vision that we strive to achieve carbon neutrality by FY2050 under our long-term vision for global warming countermeasures. We also set
the milestone target of reducing our CO2 emissions by 46%
compared to FY2013 by FY2030.
Moreover, this May, we announced our endorsement of
the TCFD as part of our measures for disclosing information on climate change. Currently, we are preparing for information disclosure based on the TCFD recommendations,
53 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 54

Corporate Governance
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers (As of the end of September 2021)
Representative Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
SECTION 01 SECTION 02
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
               Masayoshi Sako
Chairman and Representative Director
Jan. 2005: General Manager of Sales Promotion Division, Home & Personal Care Business Group Jun. 2008: Executive Vice President and Director Jun. 2011: President and Representative Director
Directors
Yorifusa Wakabayashi
President and Representative Director Chief Executive Officer
Jan. 2012: Executive Officer, General Manager of Newsprint Sales Division
Apr. 2016: Executive Officer, General Manager of Paper Sales Division
Jun. 2017: Director, General Manager of Home & Personal Care Domestic Business Group
Jul. 2018: Director and Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Home & Personal Care Domestic Business Group
Toshihiro Adachi
Executive Vice President and Representative Director Executive Vice President Responsible for Corporate Unit, Compliance and Sustainability
Jun. 2012: Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Apr. 2016: Representative Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Apr. 2019: Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Kunihiro Okazaki
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Executive Vice President Responsible for Sales, Resources and Materials Procurement Division and Global Logistics Division
Jun. 2015: Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Apr. 2016: Representative Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Apr. 2019: Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Hiromitsu Fujii
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Tsutomu Ariyasu
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
            Yoichiro Yamakawa
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside)
Executive Officers
Takemi Nagasaka
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside)
Kyoko Okada
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside)
      Hiroshi Yamasaki
Director, Managing Executive Officer Responsible for Production Unit General Manager of Production Division
Jun. 2012: Executive Officer, Acting General Manager of Mishima Mill, Production Division
Jul. 2016: Director, General Manager of Resources and Materials Procurement Division
Apr. 2019: Director, Deputy General Manager of Production Division, Production Unit and General Manager of Mishima Mill
Yukihiro Tanaka
Director, Managing Executive Officer General Manager of General Affairs and Personnel Division, Corporate Unit
Jun. 2015: Executive Officer, General Manager of General Affairs Division May 2017: Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Jun. 2017: Director, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division and in charge of Safety & Environment Control Department
Apr. 2019: Director, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division, Corporate Unit
Yoichi Takei
Director (Outside)
Atsushi Ishida
Director, Managing Executive Officer General Manager of Industrial Paper and Containerboard Business Group, Paper & Paperboard Unit
Jul. 2018: Executive Officer, General ManagerofContainerboardand Corrugated Container Business Group Jun. 2019: Senior Executive Officer, General Manager of Industrial Paper and Containerboard Business Group, Paper & Paperboard Unit
Yoshinobu Hiraishi
Director (Outside)
Hiroyuki Shidara
Director, Managing Executive Officer General Manager of Domestic Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit
Jun. 2017: Executive Officer, General Manager ofBaby&FeminineCareProductsSales Division, Home & Personal Care Domestic Business Group
Apr. 2018: President and Representative Director, Elleair International (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Jul. 2020: Executive Officer, General Manager of Human & Family Care Sales Division, Domestic Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit
Haruko Ozeki
Director (Outside)
Managing Executive Officers
Senior Executive Officers
Executive Officers
Toshiki Yamagami
Hiroshi Mizobuchi
Hiroyuki Fujita
Michihiko Tamaki
Takahisa Kashiwabara
ToshikatsuTanahashi
Shuhei Shinagawa
Takashi Yoshida
Satoshi Iseki
Mitsuru Ogawa
Toru Shimizu
Akihiro Yoshino
Mikiro Shiramine
Takashi Imaizumi
Junichi Ikawa
Tetsuya Kawabata
Akihisa Yano
Masahiko Takeshima
Yukio Kume
Makoto Saito
General Manager of Overseas Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit; General Manager of Overseas Business Promotion Division
General Manager of Product Development Division, Home & Personal Care Unit; Responsible for Marketing Division, Marketing and Development Support Department, Home & Personal Care Unit
Chairman and Director of Santher -Fábrica de Papel Santa Therezinha S.A.
General Manager of Advanced Materials R&D Center, Production Division, Production Unit
President and Representative Director of Elleair International China (Nantong) Co., Ltd.
DeputyGeneralManagerofProductionDivision,ProductionUnit;GeneralManagerofMishimaMill,Production Division, Production Unit
General Manager of Corporate Planning Division, Corporate Unit
General Manager of Intelligence Technology Planning Division, Corporate Unit
General Manager of Global Logistics Division
President and Representative Director of Miura Printing Corporation; Chairman and Representative Director of Daio Printing Corporation; Chairman and Representative Director of Daiwa Shiko Co., Ltd.; Chairman and Representative Director of Senmeisha Corporation
President and Representative Director of Elleair International Turkey Kişisel Bakım Ürünleri Üretim A.Ş.
President and Representative Director of Daio Paper Products Corporation
General Manager of Resources and Materials Procurement Division
General Manager of Intellectual Property Department, Corporate Unit
General Manager of Accounting Department, Business Administration Division, Corporate Unit
General Manager of Newsprint and Paper Business Group, Paper & Paperboard Unit
Acting Manager of Mishima Mill, Production Division, Production Unit (Responsible for Utility Unit)
President and Representative Director of Elleair International (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Executive Vice President and Director of Elleair International China (Nantong) Co., Ltd.
General Manager of Human & Family Care Sales Division, Domestic Business Group, Home & Personal Care Unit
                              Nobuhiko Yoshida
Director (Outside)
  55 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 56

 Corporate Governance
Basic Policy on Corporate Governance
At the Daio Paper Group, we strive to maintain growth on a steady and stable basis, increase corporate value over the medium to long term, and engage in business operations in harmony with the global environment.
We regard the enhancement of corporate
Overview of the Corporate Governance Structure
Daio Paper is a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board. As such, while the Board of Directors makes decisions on management policies and important business execution and supervises the business execution for the entire Daio Paper Group, the Audit & Supervisory Board and its members, independent from the Board of Directors, audit the Directors’ performance of their duties. Moreover, in April 2021, we changed
the structure of the Board of Directors and revised the Executive Officer system for the purpose of clarifying the functions of the Board of Directors, which is engaged
in decision making and supervision, and the Executive Officers, who are engaged in business execution. By doing so, we will further speed up corporate decision making and reinforce the supervisory function of the Board of Directors. We will continue to aim to enhance corporate value by realizing a structure ensuring decisive, timely management decision making and agile and robust business execution.
Corporate Governance Structure
governance as one of our most critical management issues. As a corporate group trusted by all stakeholders including shareholders, business partners, employees and local residents, we aim to contribute to the development of a lively lifestyle, culture and industry for society.
Key Measures Implemented to Strengthen Corporate Governance
Implemented a whistle-blowing system
Appointed Outside Directors
Established the Remuneration Committee
Established the Daio Paper Corporate Governance Guidelines
Started evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Established the Daio Paper Group Management Philosophy and Code of Conduct
Established the Nomination Committee
Introduced the stock-based incentive system
Changed the structure of the Board of Directors and revised the Executive Officer system
SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
(4) Management Meeting
To speed up decision making, the Management Meeting, which comprises the Chairman, the President and the General Managers of each business group and division, makes decisions on matters that have been delegated by the Board of Directors.
Two full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend the Management Meeting as observers to oversee the status of decision making.
(5) Discretionary Committees
1 Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is intended to enhance the objectivity and transparency of decisions on Directors’ remuneration. The committee reports to the Board of Directors after evaluating each full- time Director’s performance and deciding on his/
her remuneration amount in accordance with the remuneration decision policy resolved by the Board of Directors.
The Remuneration Committee is chaired by an independent Outside Director, with the majority consisting of independent Outside Directors. Two Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend as observers.
2 Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee is intended to enhance objectivity and transparency in the nomination of candidates for Director and the appointment and dismissal of the Directors. As an advisory body to
the Board of Directors, the Nomination Committee receives inquiries from the Board of Directors regarding, for example, the nomination of candidates for Director and the appointment and dismissal of the Directors, and reports back on the inquiries in accordance with the nomination policy set out in the Corporate Governance Guidelines.
The Nomination Committee is chaired by an independent Outside Director, with the majority consisting of independent Outside Directors. Two Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend as observers.
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
(1) Board of Directors
The Board of Directors supervises management
in general, including the performance of duties
by the management, ensures the fairness and transparency of management, and makes decisions on the execution of important business matters as stipulated in laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation.
The Board of Directors comprises a necessary and appropriate number of members to ensure an effective management structure and substantial discussions at the Board of Directors. In addition, it also includes four independent Outside Directors, fulfilling the criteria for such members to account for at least one-third of the Board of Directors, in light of the importance of their functions for ensuring appropriate corporate governance.
(2) Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises five members, including three Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members. Based on the audit plan set by the Audit & Supervisory Board, the members of the board not only attend the Board of Directors meetings and other important meetings and exchange views with the top management, but also work in close cooperation with the Accounting Auditor and the Internal Audit Department to investigate the condition of the internal control system through business audits and accounting audits. By doing so, the Audit & Supervisory Board strives to strengthen and enhance its ability to exercise proper oversight of management.
(3) Accounting Auditor
Appointed as Accounting Auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers Aarata LLC performs proper accounting audits at appropriate times based on laws and regulations.
The appointment of the firm as Accounting Auditor is based on our comprehensive judgement that it has a certain scale of network for performing auditing operations effectively, that its auditing quality and oversight structure are sufficient,
that its audit duration and timing, specific audit guidelines and audit remuneration are reasonable and appropriate, and that it has sufficient audit experience.
     2011
2012
2015
2016
2018
2019
2021
   Appointment/dismissal
Audit
Collaboration
Assistance
General Meeting of Shareholders
Appointment/dismissal
Appointment/dismissal
Accounting audit
Nomination Committee
       Board of Directors
Supervision Reporting Appointment/dismissal
          Reporting
Representative Directors
Instructions and commands Reporting
Directors Executive Officers
Instructions and Reporting commands
Operating departments/ Group companies
Reporting
Management Meeting Compliance Committee Sustainability Committee Diversity Committee
     Internal Audit Department
Audit
                              Remuneration Committee
Collaboration
Decisions on appointment, dismissal and non-reappointment, and judgment on the rationality of the Accounting Auditor
  57 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 58
Reporting Reporting
Reporting
Reporting Reporting
Collaboration
Accounting Auditor
Reporting
Audit & Supervisory Board (Members)
Auditors’ Office

 Corporate Governance
SECTION 01 SECTION 02
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
Reasons for Selection of Each Outside Officer
Outside Directors
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
3 Compliance Committee
The Compliance Committee is intended to strengthen the risk management and compliance of the Daio
Paper Group. The committee checks the Group’s risk management structure by comprehensively identifying and assessing risks for the group, by implementing unified management of the group’s risk control measures, and by engaging in deliberation on those
risk control measures in accordance with the severity
of the risks. Chaired by the Director responsible for compliance, the Compliance Committee comprises ten members, including Outside Directors. One full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member, one Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, and the General Manager of the Internal Audit Department attend as observers.
Under the Compliance Committee, there are eight subcommittees. Each subcommittee deliberates, makes decisions and implements specific measures for each type of risk, forming an even more highly effective risk management structure.
4 Sustainability Committee
The Sustainability Committee is intended to formulate sustainability strategies for the entire Group (sustainable corporate strategies in the aspects of the environment, society and governance), to enhance the group’s social value by solving social issues, and also to realize the sustainable growth of the group’s corporate value.
The committee decides on material issues related
to sustainability, as well as on targets, commitment,
and initiatives for such material issues. Chaired by
the Director responsible for the Corporate Unit, the Sustainability Committee comprises ten members, including the General Manager of the Production Division and Outside Directors. One full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member and one Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member attend as observers.
Under the Sustainability Committee, there are three subcommittees: the Climate Change
5 Diversity Committee
The Diversity Committee is intended to achieve diversity in the entire Group’s organizations by, for example, increasing the number of female managers and establishing an environment where flexibility in working styles is available. Established directly under the President and Representative Director, the Diversity Committee decides on the basic policy for promoting diversity throughout the Group, and also on material issues. At the same time, the committee establishes measures to promote diversity and work style reform, and implements such measures while reporting to
Organization Chart of the Compliance Framework
Accounting and Finance Subcommittee
Labor and Human Rights Subcommittee
General Affairs and Public Relations Subcommittee
Paper and Paperboard Quality Subcommittee
H&PC Quality Subcommittee Safety & Health Subcommittee Environment Subcommittee Overseas Risk Subcommittee
Response Subcommittee, the Environmental Impact Reduction Subcommittee, and the Value Co-creation Subcommittee, plus the Sustainability Liaison Group. Setting specific initiatives and KPIs, the Sustainability Committee deliberates on various measures and check their progress toward achieving the targets.
Organization Chart of the Sustainability Framework
Climate Change Response Subcommittee
Environmental Impact Reduction Subcommittee
Value Co-creation Subcommittee Sustainability Liaison Group
the Board of Directors, disseminating messages from the top management, and enlightening employees, including senior and middle management.
Chaired by the President and Representative Director, the Diversity Committee comprises seven members, including the General Manager of the General Affairs and Personnel Division. One Executive Vice President and Representative Director, one full- time Audit & Supervisory Board Member and one Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member attend as observers.
Director and Advisor, Japan Metal Roofing Association
         Name
  Nobuhiko Yoshida
Independent Officer
Reasons for selection
We have appointed him as an Independent Officer based on our determination that he would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Director appropriately from an independent perspective by utilizing his extensive experience and broad insight cultivated while serving as President and Representative Director and other positions at other companies. In addition, he fulfills the requirements as
an Independent Officer set forth in the Enforcement Rules for Securities Listing Regulations.
No. of Board of Directors meetings attended (FY2020)
 15/15
Important concurrent positions*1
    ◯
          Yoichi Takei
◯
We have appointed him as an Independent Officer based on our determination that he would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Director appropriately from an independent perspective by utilizing his expertise as an attorney-at-law and higher viewpoint and broad experience cultivated while serving as an officer at
other companies. In addition, he fulfills the requirements as an Independent Officer set forth in the Enforcement Rules for Securities Listing Regulations.
11/12*2
       Yoshinobu Hiraishi
◯
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
We have appointed him as an Independent Officer based on our determination that he would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Director appropriately from an independent perspective
by utilizing his extensive experience, high-level expertise and broad insight cultivated while serving as a diplomat in various countries. In addition, he fulfills the requirements as an Independent Officer set forth in the Enforcement Rules for Securities Listing Regulations.
ー※3
Partner/attorney-at-law, Meitetsu Law Offices
Outside Auditor, YAMAKIN (JAPAN) CO., LTD.
Outside Director, NIPPON THOMPSON CO., LTD.
 Advisor, Asociacion Nippo Chilena
      Haruko Ozeki
◯
We have appointed her as an Independent Officer based on our determination that she would be able to perform her duties as an Outside Director appropriately from an independent perspective by utilizing her extensive experience, high-level expertise and broad insight cultivated while serving as the legal head and an officer
at another company. In addition, she fulfills the requirements as an Independent Officer set forth in the Enforcement Rules for Securities Listing Regulations.
ー※3
ー
            Name
Independent Officer
Reasons for selection
No. of Board of Directors meetings attended (FY2020)
Important concurrent positions*1
      Yoichiro Yamakawa
◯
We have appointed him as an Independent Officer based on our determination that he would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member appropriately from an independent perspective by utilizing his expertise as an attorney- at-law and extensive experience cultivated while serving as an officer at other companies. In addition, he fulfills the requirements as an Independent Officer set forth in the Enforcement Rules for Securities Listing Regulations.
15/15
Partner/attorney-at-law, KOGA & PARTNERS
         59 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 60
Takemi Nagasaka
◯
◯
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Subaru Corporation Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Japan Consumer Credit Service
He has experience of accounting audits and was subsequently in charge of the accounting and finance department at a company that operates business extensively in Japan and overseas. We have appointed him as an Independent Officer based on our determination that he would be able to perform his duties as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member appropriately from an independent perspective by utilizing his advanced knowledge of finance and accounting. In addition, he fulfills the requirements
as an Independent Officer set forth in the Enforcement Rules for Securities Listing Regulations.
*1: As of June 29, 2021 *2: Appointed June 26, 2020 *3: Appointed June 29, 2021
15/15
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent), Nabtesco Corporation
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside), SOLIZE Corporation
    Kyoko Okada
We have appointed her as an Independent Officer based on our determination that she would be able to perform her duties as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member appropriately from an independent perspective by utilizing her broad knowledge of CSR and corporate culture and extensive experience cultivated while serving as an Audit & Supervisory Board Member at other companies. In addition, she fulfills the requirements as an Independent Officer set forth in the Enforcement Rules for Securities Listing Regulations.
12/12*2
   Compliance Committee
Sustainability Committee

 Corporate Governance
Measures to Enhance the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
To promote substantial, productive discussions at the Board of Directors meetings and to enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, we will
continue to implement the measures indicated below, including providing information that will help Outside Officers deepen their understanding of our operations.
(2) Efforts to Address Issues Identified in the Previous Year’s Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors
The previous fiscal year’s effectiveness evaluation of the Board of Directors revealed a need to review the composition of
the Board of Directors. To address this issue, we revised the Executive Officer system effective April 1, 2021 and changed the structure of the Board of Directors effective June 29 of the same year for the purpose of clarifying the functions of the Board of Directors, which is engaged in decision making and supervision, and the Executive Officers, who are engaged in business execution. By doing so, we will speed up decision making and reinforce the supervisory function of the Board of Directors.
Policy and Framework of IR Activities
At the Daio Paper Group, we follow our corporate motto “Passion with Sincerity” and carry out IR activities with a focus on making timely, appropriate and fair information disclosure to shareholders and investors and promoting sincere and proactive communication with them.
(3) Points Evaluated as Requiring Further Improvement
We recognize that sustainability-related issues, such as social and environmental issues, are important management issues for us. We will make even more active and self- initiated efforts—for example, regular deliberation on our sustainability-related measures at the Board of Directors' meetings—under the lead of the Board of Directors.
In July 2016, we established the IR team to promote engagement (constructive dialogue) with shareholders and investors. We will continue to make efforts to explain our management policy and business conditions clearly and to reflect feedback from shareholders and investors in our corporate activities appropriately.
 Holding briefing sessions for Outside Officers before the Board of Directors meetings
Distributing materials for the Board of Directors meetings in advance and utilizing briefing materials
Ensuring that our Officers perform site inspections
Holding information-exchange sessions between Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Providing a wide variety of information for Outside Officers
A few times a year
We hold a briefing session for Outside Officers before the monthly meeting of the Board of Directors so that they can deepen their understanding of the discussion points, the background, purposes, etc. of the proposals to be presented at the meeting. By doing so, we strive to ensure time for a substantial discussion at the meeting.
We distribute the relevant materials before each meeting of the Board of Directors, and
also utilize briefing materials that summarizes the overview, background, purposes, risk countermeasures, etc. of the proposals to be presented at the meeting. By doing so, we strive to ensure that the points of the proposals are understood clearly.
We ensure that our Officers inspect manufacturing sites at our mills and other facilities a few times a year in order to help them deepen their understanding of our operations.
We hold information-exchange sessions between our Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members twice a year in order to ensure even closer cooperation between them.
We share a wide variety of industrial reports, information on our IR efforts, etc. with our Outside Officers, thereby striving to help them deepen their understanding of industrial trends and our operations.
        Twice a year
   At appropriate times
      Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Since 2016, we have been evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors annually, in order to regularly examine whether the Board of Directors
is functioning properly, and continue to identify
issues and implement measures for improvement. With cooperation from an external organization, we conducted a self-evaluation questionnaire targeted at all Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members regarding the composition and operation of the Board of Directors. Using the results of the questionnaire, we carried out an analysis and evaluation. The overview of the evaluation results is as follows.
(1) Overview of the Evaluation Results
We evaluated the Board of Directors from seven standpoints: composition; operation; strategy, execution, and business performance monitoring; support system
for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members; training for Officers; dialogue with stakeholders (investors); and Directors’ self-initiated execution of business. As a result, we confirmed that the Board of Directors is largely functioning properly and that its effectiveness is sufficiently ensured.
Principal IR Activities Conducted in FY2020 (from April 2020 to March 2021)
 Activities
Number of events
Details
One-on-one meetings with institutional investors
Earnings and strategy briefing for analysts and institutional investors
Overseas IR roadshows
Events organized by securities companies
Events for institutional investors
Events for individual investors
67 times
6 times
0 times*
4 times
0 times*
0 times*
IR interviews and teleconferences with domestic and overseas analysts and institutional investors
Briefings with the President and Director-in-charge as the main speakers held after the second and fourth quarters
Meetings with overseas investors by persons in charge of IR and Corporate Planning
Small meetings and one-on-one meetings with analysts and institutional investors at domestic and overseas investment conferences
Briefings and mill tours for institutional investors by persons in charge of IR
Briefings for individual investors by persons in charge of IR
*Not conducted due to the COVID-19 pandemic
      Skills Matrix The table below shows the fields in which we expect our Directors to contribute significantly based on their respective insight and experience.
 Name
Position
 1 Corporate management
 2 Corporate planning / M&A
 3 Sales / marketing
 4 Manufacturing / technology development
  5 Finance / accounting
 6 Personnel / HR development
7 Legal affairs / risk management
 8 Overseas business / global experience
Masayoshi Sako
 Chairman and Representative Director
 ●
 ●
        ●
 Yorifusa Wakabayashi
President and Representative Director, Chief Executive Officer
●
●
●
 Toshihiro Adachi
 Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Executive Vice President
 ●
      ●
  ●
  Kunihiro Okazaki
 Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Executive Vice President
 ●
    ●
   ●
   Hiroshi Yamasaki
 Director, Managing Executive Officer
      ●
   ●
 ●
 Yukihiro Tanaka
  Director, Managing Executive Officer
    ●
            ●
  ●
   Atsushi Ishida
Director, Managing Executive Officer
●
●
●
 Hiroyuki Shidara
 Director, Managing Executive Officer
 ●
    ●
     ●
 Nobuhiko Yoshida
 Director (Outside)
 ●
 ●
      ●
   Yoichi Takei
  Director (Outside)
    ●
              ●
   Yoshinobu Hiraishi
Director (Outside)
●
●
 Haruko Ozeki
  Director (Outside)
  ●
                ●
  ●
     61 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 62
Measures
Frequency
Once a month
Details
     Once a month
 
 Message from an Outside Director
Nobuhiko Yoshida
Outside Director
Chairman of the Nomination Committee Chairman of the Remuneration Committee Member of the Compliance Committee
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04
Ensuring that Operation of the Evolved Governance Structure Is Deeply Rooted under the New Management Structure with Passion and Sincerity Embraced as an Unchanging Value
Q Tell us what you think about the features and challenges of Daio Paper’s governance.
The roles and functions of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee are like the two sides of the same coin. I chair both committees, each of which comprises the same members. One of the important responsibilities
of the Nomination Committee is to select successors. As an Outside Director, I closely oversee the selection process to confirm that the successors are not selected simply because they are convenient for the current President, and this oversight is an important responsibility. If we take a passive approach, however, we cannot present an alternative proposal, even if we have some objections. In this regard,
the Remuneration Committee conducts an annual interview with each Director to evaluate his/her performance. These interviews which continued for years served as an excellent foundation for the Nomination Committee to evaluate
the candidate for the successor to the President. As the Nomination Committee, we were able to report back to the Board of Directors on the proposal of the candidate for the President, while following the necessary process and ensuring transparency and objectivity. I believe that this means that we managed to fulfill the committee’s role.
We have long inherited the founding spirit “Passion with sincerity leads to greatness” as an unchanging value, and
this tenet has underpinned our governance for generations.
In addition, the first of the four pillars of our management philosophy is “Dedication to manufacturing,” which shows
our emphasis on genba (actual location) and genbutsu (actual product), and this spirit is completely reflected in the operation of the Board of Directors. This organ comprises 12 Directors, including four Outside Directors, who make decisions on important matters and supervise the execution of the decisions. Moreover, Executive Officers and Business Groups
or Department General Managers who are well-informed in the matters related to the proposals to be presented at the meetings are permitted to attend Board of Directors meetings to explain those proposals in detail. In particular, the Managing Executive Officers are obligated to attend the Board of Directors meetings, and although they are not entitled to vote, they are entitled to present proposals and explain them. This symbolizes our determination to ensure the sense of genba even at the Board of Directors. This, of course, does not mean that we intend to blindly adhere to our current reality as it is toward the future. We are pursuing governance that will make it possible for us to develop our ideas, beliefs, and readiness
for change, all based on deep insight of genba, into our future dreams and ideal visions.
Operated in a fair manner, both Inside and Outside Directors present their views without hesitation during the meetings of the Board of Directors. This April, we achieved a great evolution of our governance structure by, among other measures, reforming the Executive Officer system, reducing the number of Directors, and ensuring that Independent Directors constitute at least one third of the membership of the Board of Directors. I understand that I am expected to fulfill the role of making operation under the new structure take root deeply.
With this background, our challenge lies in how to increase diversity. This year, a female Outside Director has been newly appointed. Although we are striving to increase the percentage of female managers to 10.0%, the current reality is 2.2%, showing that there is a lot to be improved. It
is said that diversity is correlated with innovative outcomes, because a diverse organization facilitates the birth of ideas and flashes of inspiration that are not observed in homogenous organizations. Considering our ongoing shift to the H&PC Business, which manufactures tissue, disposable baby diapers, feminine care products and other items, we believe that an increase in gender diversity is integral to our corporate growth.
Q Did you consider the option of selecting a President from outside?
In April 2020, the Sustainability Committee was established. Tell us about the functions and Q roles expected to be played by the committee.
Four and half a years ago, when I was asked by Chairman Sako (then, the President) to evaluate 40 candidates for leaders, I directly interviewed President Wakabayashi (then, the Executive Officer and General Manager of the Paper Sales Division). After examining him based on various evaluation points, I left the following comments: “Demonstrating high self-awareness, his performance as a General Manager who leads and inspires his staff is perfect. As other companies continue to shrink or decline, I believe that we will eventually
Q Do you have a message for stakeholders?
Chairman Sako frequently quotes this maxim by Yoshida Shoin: “A lack of dreams means a lack of ideals. A lack of ideals means a lack of plans. A lack of plans means a lack of implementation. A lack of implementation means a lack of success. Therefore, a lack of dreams means a lack of success.” At this precise moment in our long history, the Daio Paper Group is pushing forward with a wide variety of measures toward accomplishing our fourth and fifth medium-term
bank on him to lead our paper business to a bright future.” At the ceremony held this April to welcome new employees, the President told them not to be afraid of initiating reform for themselves in the changing environment, and to decide and act positively. I have great expectations for him, who will proceed with measures powerfully toward solving a wide variety of issues and realizing sustainable growth under the key phrase of “reform and endeavor.”
business plans, and also our dreams and ideals awaiting us beyond the plans. We will also continue to reinforce our relationships with various stakeholders, such as shareholders, investors, employees, business partners, and members of local communities, so that those relationships become even more sound and positive. We would like to ask our stakeholders to continue on this journey forward together with us.
The Sustainability Committee is intended to formulate sustainable corporate strategies for the entire corporate
group in the aspects of the environment, society and governance and to enhance the group’s corporate value
63 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 64
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
by solving social issues. Chaired by Executive Vice President Adachi, the committee comprises ten members, including the General Manager of the Production Division and Outside Directors. In addition, two Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend as observers. The committee is called on a monthly basis. Serving as the cornerstone of our corporate strategy, sustainability is an extremely crucial issue that will affect even the future direction that we should take for our business operations. We will incorporate the Sustainability
Vision, established this May, into each unit’s medium to long term action plan. We expect that the Sustainability Vision will serve an important engine for introducing sustainability into the entire Group’s management. Toward accomplishing our carbon neutrality target, we have already decided to shut down a coal-fired boiler at the Mishima Mill by 2030 and realize transition to another energy source. We will make efforts toward reducing GHG emissions not only at our mills but also throughout our supply chain, including logistics.
Q Tell us about the roles played by the Nomination Committee in the change of the President that took place this fiscal year.
In the case of Daio Paper, where the founding spirit has been inherited and rooted deeply for generations, I personally
feel that selecting a President from inside is appropriate in terms of employee satisfaction, unity, etc. At an interview with the Remuneration Committee, Chairman Sako (then, the President) said, “Our biggest responsibility lies in fostering a
next-generation leader,” emphasizing to each member the importance of developing a successor. The fact that the new President was chosen from inside of Daio Paper is proof that Daio Paper has succeeded in their endeavor of developing a successor.
Q Tell us about your expectations on the new management structure.
 
Financial Data
For the Fiscal Year:
Net sales
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit
Ordinary profit
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent Comprehensive income (loss)
410,159 69,406 13,377
408,985 64,261 10,483
4,748 (5,321) (3,247) 42,622 18,200 29,584
1,399 23,775 (32,171) (7,379) (8,395 )
596,425 97,313 269,483 308,948 86,332 129,018,785
(43.13) 680.29 8.50
(6.3) (0.9) 14.0
3.7
407,362 70,445 11,577
6,637 15,109 22,075 43,637 21,726 26,409
2,149 50,805 (41,455) (13,441) 9,350
659,112 107,969 246,258 363,533
82,457 129,018,785
126.51 821.21 8.50
16.8 2.3 14.7 3.7
430,054 79,892 16,049 11,257
6,293 11,826 47,180 24,948 26,403
2,836 58,091 (26,826) (37,242) 31,265
646,112 119,252 243,871 331,825
79,046 129,018,785
51.52 875.39 8.50
6.1
1.0 17.0 3.0
450,239 84,206 21,796 21,784 13,209 27,943 59,139 31,587 27,203
2,683 44,740 (28,581) (29,429) 16,160
652,745 164,495 252,490 292,466
69,073 149,348,785
93.48 1,059.78 8.50
10.0 2.0 23.7 1.9
474,077 89,821 24,323 21,259 14,594
9,599 57,726 37,310 26,988
2,791 47,011 (26,073) (17,475) 20,938
656,310 174,820 257,154 281,456
72,169 149,348,785
100.15 1,119.24 10.50
9.2
2.2 24.9 1.7
477,140 95,600 23,535 21,347 12,136 14,905 58,251 32,453 29,017
2,902 62,932 (31,394) (22,037) 31,538
657,747 191,079 257,048 255,077
82,733 149,348,785
83.28 1,211.33 10.50
7.1
1.8 26.8 1.4
531,311 110,312 11,062 12,779 3,971 2,735 51,177 39,523 31,171 3,280 28,285 (51,485) 386 (23,200)
686,141 193,065 256,965 279,994
60,086 149,348,785
27.25 1,221.65 10.50
2.2
0.6 25.9 1.6
533,890 104,255 12,122 9,842 4,697 1,583 49,869 59,590 33,331 2,809 40,287 (62,110) 65,898 (21,823)
745,866 199,339 299,650 301,906 103,407
153,713,191
31.70 1,236.58 10.50
2.6
0.6 24.9 1.6
546,433 109,677 30,629 28,112 19,199 13,477 66,716 61,934 31,843 3,043 68,012 (47,869) (14,049) 20,143
763,060 209,536 299,019 285,426 109,384
154,531,953
127.91 1,319.57 13.50
10.0 2.5 26.1 1.4
SECTION 01
Value Creation Story
SECTION 02
Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
(Millions of Yen)
 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of and for the fiscal years ended March 31
  Fiscal year
FY2010
FY2011
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
 562,928
 122,706
 36,873
 34,478
 22,115
 19,987
 77,187
 53,411
 34,137
 3,109
 64,210
 (103,702)
 63,589
 (39,492)
  849,801
 246,788
 328,364
 299,785
 130,301
 169,012,926
  138.73
 1,440.33
 17.00
  10.1
 2.6
 28.2
 1.3
                                                      5,665 (18,234) (16,506) EBITDA 47,548 Capital expenditures 22,057 Depreciation 32,850
                                                                              Research and development expenses
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Free cash flow
At Fiscal Year-End:
Total assets
Net assets
Current assets
Net interest-bearing debts
Cash and cash equivalents Number of shares issued (shares)
Per Share Data (Yen):
Basic earnings per share Net assets per share Cash dividends per share
Financial Ratios:
ROE (%)
ROA (%)
Equity ratio (%)
Net debt to equity ratio (times)
2,079 41,153 (25,496) (20,747) 15,657
672,386 115,191 290,159 329,296 124,251
129,018,785
(147.27) 691.96 8.50
(19.0) (2.7) 12.7 3.8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Notes: 1. Amounts are rounded down to the nearest million yen through the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, and rounded off to the nearest million yen from the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2016. Amounts are rounded down to the nearest million yen from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The amounts for the previous fiscal year (the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2020) are restated and rounded down to the nearest million yen.
2. Whereas corporate expenses were included in “Adjustments” through the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, corporate expenses are allocated to each business segment
from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, in order to more accurately grasp the results of each business segment.
3. Effective from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, the “Accounting Standard for Presentation of Comprehensive Income” has been adopted.
4. 5.
6.
EBITDA = Ordinary profit + interest expenses + depreciation + amortization of goodwill + amortization of negative goodwill + equity in earnings of affiliate
Effective from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” has been adopted, and all the deferred tax assets are presented under investments and other assets of non-current assets. Consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 are restated in accordance with the presentation method after the amendments.
Effective from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, interest and dividends received and interest paid are presented under “Cash flows from operating activities.” Consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 are restated to reflect the change in the classification.
■ Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions ■ GHG Emissions (1,000 t)
GHG Emissions per Unit of Net Sales (t/million yen)
■ Water/Wastewater
■ Water (million m3) ■ Wastewater (million m3)   Water per Unit of Net Sales (m3/million yen)
■ COD Emissions
■ COD (t)   COD per Unit of Net Sales (t/million yen)
■ Waste Created/Waste Reused
■ Waste Created (1,000 t) ■ Waste Reused (1,000 t)   Reuse ratio (%)
■ Nox Emissions
■ Nox (t)   Nox per Unit of Net Sales (t/million yen)
■ Hard-to-Recycle Recovered   Paper Usage (1,000 t)
215 176
143
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
257
 4,426
8.3
4,403
8.2
176
181
178 168
0.33
181 172
8,940
0.017
363 360
99.0
6,438
0.013
6,517
0.012
6,626
0.012
6,514
0.012
6,428
0.011
   4,311
9.0
169
164
7,960
0.017
8,105
0.015
8,331
0.015
8,325
345 341
98.8
346 342
98.8
338 334
98.9
         4,156
7.6
4,062
7.2
154
155
290 287
98.7
            0.33
0.34
134
  0.35
    FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
0.32 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
0.015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
65 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 66

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Cash Flows
The overview of the financial condition, operating results and cash
flows (the “operating results, etc.”) of the Daio Paper Group (Daio Paper Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries) for the fiscal year under review (the “fiscal year ended March 31, 2021”), and the impression, analysis and review of the Daio Paper Group’s operating results, etc. from the viewpoint of the management are as follows.
Please note that forward-looking statements included in the following are based on the judgment of the Company as of the date of submission of the annual securities report (June 29, 2021). The outlook for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022 involves uncertainties or risks and may differ from actual results in the future.
1. Overview
In the fiscal year ended March 2021, as the end of the COVID-19 pandemic was yet to be seen, the Japanese economy continued to weaken and personal consumption remained stagnant due to the impact of requests for shutdowns and self-quarantine. Similarly, the global economy is slowing down as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the outlook for the future is also uncertain.
In these circumstances, the Daio Paper Group rolled into the final year of the Third Medium-Term Business Plan, which it had been working on from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. Since the First Medium-Term Business Plan that started in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, we have pursued structural reforms to shift from graphic paper to packaging paper as a measure against the continuous decrease in demand for paper. First, we moved the N3 paper machine from Kani Mill to Iwaki Daio Paper Corporation in 2012 and restarted it as a containerboard machine in 2014. Furthermore, in order
to meet the growing domestic demand for household paper, we put into operation the N8 household paper machine at Kani Mill in 2015, and installed a new household paper machine at Kawanoe Mill, where we
had suspended operations, and restarted operations in 2018. At overseas production bases, including those in China, we accelerated global business expansion. We made progress in multi-category business expansion, that is, an increase in the categories of home and personal care products that we produce and sell along with baby diapers, and conducted acquisitions in Brazil and Turkey in 2020.
As a result of our continuous efforts for these structural reforms, for consolidated financial results for the fiscal year ended March 2021, we achieved the target in the Third Medium-Term Business Plan in all items except for net sales. As for net sales, though they fell short of the target, they increased for eight consecutive fiscal years and reached a record high for
six consecutive fiscal years. In the Paper and Paperboard Business, exports
of highly competitive containerboard grew. In the Home and Personal Care (H&PC) Business, we reinforced mask production facilities in Japan and promoted multi-category business expansion through product diversification overseas. As a result, in terms of operating profit, we outperformed the target and the latest consolidated financial results forecast.
In the Fourth Medium-Term Business Plan, which will start in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, we will further accelerate growth and boldly implement strategies to realize net sales of ¥800,000 to 1,000,000
million in the Fifth Medium-Term Business Plan.
2. Analysis of Operating Results
Consolidated results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 are as follows. (1) Net Sales
Net sales increased by ¥16,495 million, or 3.0%, from the previous fiscal year, to ¥562,928 million, mainly reflecting such factors as strong domestic sales of household paper, baby diapers, adult diapers, wet wipes, and masks primarily in the H&PC Business and an increase in the number of consolidated overseas subsidiaries.
(2) Operating Profit
Operating profit rose by ¥6,244 million, or 20.4%, from the previous fiscal year to ¥36,873 million, mainly reflecting such factors as growth in exports of highly competitive containerboard in the Paper and Paperboard Business, and reinforcement of mask production facilities in Japan and promotion of multi-category business expansion through product diversification overseas in the H&PC Business. As a result, operating margin increased by 1.0 percentage point from the previous fiscal year to 6.6%. (3) Ordinary Profit
Ordinary profit increased by ¥6,367 million, or 22.6%, from the previous fiscal year to ¥34,478 million, mainly owing to the increase in operating profit.
(4) Extraordinary Income and Losses
Extraordinary income decreased by ¥3,225 million from the previous
fiscal year to ¥4,343 million, mainly owing to a decrease in gain on sales
of investment securities. Extraordinary losses increased by ¥1,675 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥6,105 million, mainly owing to an increase in impairment loss.
(5) Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Profit attributable to owners of parent increased by ¥2,916 million, or 15.2%, from the previous fiscal year to ¥22,115 million. As a result, basic earnings per share increased by ¥10.82 to ¥138.73.
3. Analysis of Financial Condition
Total assets as of March 31, 2021 increased by ¥86,741 million from
the previous fiscal year end, to ¥849,801 million, primarily reflecting an increase in goodwill associated with newly consolidated subsidiaries and an increase in machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Total liabilities rose by ¥49,488 million from the previous fiscal year end to ¥603,012 million, mainly owing to the increase in long-term borrowings.
Total net assets increased by ¥37,252 million from the previous fiscal year end to ¥246,788 million, mainly owing to issuance of common shares through the conversion of convertible bonds.
As a result, the equity ratio as of March 31, 2021 was 28.2%, a 2.1 percentage point increase from the previous fiscal year end.
4. Analysis of Cash Flows
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled ¥ 64,210 million, having decreased ¥3,802 million year on year. The main components are profit before income taxes amounting to ¥32,717 million, depreciation
amounting to ¥34,137 million, and income taxes paid amounting to ¥16,206 million.
Net cash used in investing activities amounted to ¥103,702 million, having increased ¥55,832 million year on year. The main components are purchase of property, plant and equipment amounting ¥54,137 million and purchase of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation amounting ¥48,370 million.
Net cash provided in financing activities amounted to ¥63,589 million, having increased ¥77,638 million year on year. The main components are proceeds from long-term borrowings amounting to ¥105,278 million, repayments of long-term borrowings amounting to ¥59,040 million, proceeds from share issuance to non-controlling shareholders amounting to ¥25,011 million, and dividends paid amounting to ¥2,447 million.
As a result, cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2021 amounted to ¥130,301 million, up ¥20,916 million from the previous fiscal year end.
5. Dividend Policy
The Company places top priority on the return of profit to shareholders and sets a basic policy to continue to pay stable dividends, while taking into consideration factors such as the status of business and the sufficiency of retained earnings
It is the Company’s basic policy to pay dividends twice a year, an interim dividend and a year-end dividend.
The decision-making bodies for the distribution of retained earnings are the General Meeting of Shareholders for the year-end dividend and the Board of Directors for the interim dividend.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Company paid an annual dividend of ¥17.00 per share, which includes an interim dividend of ¥7.00, in line with the policy described previously.
Retained earnings are used effectively to further strengthen its corporate foundation, such as for upfront investments in growth areas, capital expenditures to enhance future corporate competitiveness, and the improvement of the Company’s financial position.
In its articles of incorporation, the Company stipulates that “the Company may, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, pay interim dividends to the shareholders or registered share pledgees whose names appear or are recorded as such on the register of shareholders as at the closing thereof on the 30th day of September each year.”
6. Outlook for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2022
While the end of the COVID-19 pandemic is still not in sight both in Japan and abroad, the domestic economy got on a recovery trend due to several factors, including the recovery of the Chinese economy. However, the uncertain outlook for the Japanese economy is expected to continue as a result of the prolonged trade friction between the U.S. and China, delays in the rollout of COVID-19 vaccines, and other reasons. Business conditions for the pulp and paper industry are also expected to remain difficult because of declining demand for paper and other factors.
Under these circumstances, in the Paper and Paperboard Business, the Daio Paper Group will pursue a shift to production of higher value-
added paper products, making full use of the pulp with a competitive edge that the Mishima Mill produces and radical structural reforms across the Paper and Paperboard Business and H&PC Business. We will adapt to changes in the demand structure through efforts, such as increasing sales of containerboard, which has performed well even with the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing exports to Asia as one market, and increasing sales of paper as a plastic alternative and packaging paper in response to the demand due to the plastic-free movement.
In the H&PC Business, the Group will further raise our position as a leading manufacturer by installing a second sanitary paper production machine in Kawanoe Mill in October 2021 to build a stable supply
structure of high value-added products. Furthermore, we will reinforce our production systems for masks, sanitizing wet tissue products, and paper towels, which support the new lifestyle with the COVID-19 pandemic.
In the overseas operations, we will promote our multi-category business expansion strategy by continuing to work to increase sales of various categories, such as adult diapers, feminine care products, paper products, and wet wipes, along with our mainstay baby diapers. We will pursue business expansion with Santher S.A. in Brazil and Elleair International Turkey Kişisel Bakım Ürünleri Üretim A.Ş. in Turkey as new production bases, whose shares we acquired in 2020, to increase the share of overseas sales.
As for consolidated financial results for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, we forecast net sales of ¥600,000 million, operating profit of ¥38,000 million, ordinary profit of ¥35,000 million, and profit attributable to owners of parent of ¥21,000 million.
7. Risks Associated with Business, etc.
Among matters relating to the status of business and the status of accounting, etc. described in the financial statements, etc., the following matters may have significant impacts on the decision-making of investors.
Please note that forward-looking statements included in the following are based on the judgment of the Company as of the date of submission of the annual securities report.
(1) Impacts of Changes in Demand and Market Conditions
The Daio Paper Group is engaged in the Paper and Paperboard Business, H&PC Business, and other businesses. Decreases in sales volumes or sales amounts due to a significant decline in demand for our mainstay products (paper and paperboard products, and home and personal care products), or a substantial downturn in market conditions for such products may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results.
In the Paper and Paperboard Business, we adjust and modify our production systems by flexibly shifting the product types manufactured at our core mills, Mishima Mill and Kani Mill, in response to fluctuations in demand and a downturn in market conditions for specific product types.
Additionally, in the H&PC Business, in order to minimize the impact on overall sales of fluctuations in demand and a downturn in market conditions for specific product categories, we have a wide lineup of products and implement sales strategies that combine them in an integral manner. We have also shifted from a sales style of competing on price to a sales style of competing on quality and added value, and established a strong sales style that holds firm against fluctuations in market conditions.
■ Net Sales (Millions of Yen)
■ Operating Profit (Millions of Yen) ● Operating Margin (%)
6.6 36,873
■ Composition of Net Sales and Operating Profit
■ Profit Attributable to Owners   of Parent (Millions of Yen)
■ Total Assets (Millions of Yen) ■ Net Assets (Millions of Yen)
■ Capital Expenditures (Millions of Yen) ■ Depreciation (Millions of Yen)
SECTION 01 SECTION 02 SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
   531,311 477,140
533,890
546,433
22,115
745,866
763,060
59,590
33,331
61,934
31,843
562,928
5.6 30,629
2.3 12,122
■ Other
4%
849,801
■ Paper and Paperboard
■ Home and Personal Care 54%
        4.9 23,535
7%
19,199
657,747 686,141
53,411
34,137
            Outside: Net sales
Inside: Operating profit 53%
12,136
32,453 29,017
39,523 31,171
       2.1 11,062
40%
246,788
4,697
191,079
193,065
199,339
209,536
    FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
42%
3,971
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
67 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 68

 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Cash Flows
SECTION 01 SECTION 02
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
SECTION 04
Data and Information
(Millions of Yen)
(2) Impacts of Changes in Raw Material and Fuel Prices and Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates
The Daio Paper Group purchases raw materials and fuels, such as woodchips, recovered paper, chemicals, heavy oil and coal, both domestically and from overseas. Therefore, changes in the prices of
raw materials and fuels, as well as fluctuations in foreign exchange
rates for procurements of raw materials and fuels paid for in foreign currencies, may affect the Group’s financial position and operating
results. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may also affect the Group’s export of paper and paperboard products and home and personal care products and sales activities at overseas subsidiaries. In order to reduce the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on operating results, the Group uses forward exchange contracts to hedge certain transactions. Furthermore, in light of the importance of reinforcing the system and promoting exchange of information together with suppliers to respond to changes in raw material and fuel prices, through promotion of sustainable procurement, we unite with suppliers to give consideration to CSR and the SDGs, while we work to realize fair and equitable transactions, improve quality and technical capabilities, and establish a stable supply system by formulating business continuity plans.
(3) Impacts of Overseas Businesses
The Daio Paper Group is making efforts, led by the H&PC Overseas Business Group, to develop business mainly in China, South Korea, Southeast Asia, Turkey, Brazil and other countries as one of its growth strategies. Overseas business expansion activities may be exposed to risks from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, and changes in the economic environment due to regulations implemented by the government of each country, deterioration in diplomatic relations and public sentiment or political instability, etc., which may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results.
As a countermeasure to these risks, the Daio Paper Group works to minimize the risks by sharing the latest information collected by group companies and departments in charge in Japan among related parties to quickly notice signs of changes.
(4) Impact of Interest Rate Changes
The Daio Paper Group has been working on reducing interest-bearing debts. However, if there is a significant increase in interest rates, it may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results. In order to reduce the impact of interest rate changes on operating results, the Daio Paper Group raises funds mainly through long-term borrowing with fixed interest rates to minimize the risk of short-term interest rate increases.
(5) Impacts of Price Changes of Investment Securities
Available-for-sale securities with market value are stated by the market value method based on the market price on the closing date, etc. Depending on the share prices on the closing date, their price changes may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results. The Daio Paper Group has been reducing strategic cross-shareholdings. It also aims to reduce the total amount of shareholdings to reduce the potential impact of price fluctuations.
(6) Impacts of Disaster
In the event of a disaster in areas where the Group’s production and
logistics bases are located, the Group’s financial position and operating results may be affected due to damage to production facilities, disruption and delay in operation, incurrence of restoration costs, suspension of logistics functions, loss of products and merchandise, etc.
(7) Impacts of Lawsuits and Laws and Regulations
(i) Risks associated with laws and regulations
The Daio Paper Group does business in compliance with environmental regulations (including those on CO2 emissions related to preventing global warming), laws and regulations relating to intellectual property rights, various regulations regarding product labeling, antitrust laws, other laws and regulations associated with the execution of business, and similar laws and regulations in other countries.
The Daio Paper Group works to comply with laws and regulations, social norms, etc., and is making efforts to strengthen its compliance framework. However, changes in laws and regulations may affect the Group’s business and operating results.
(ii) Risks associated with lawsuits
The Daio Paper Group may be involved in various lawsuits, etc. in the course of its business activities, and the results of such lawsuits may affect the Group's financial position and operating results.
(8) Impacts of Loan Agreements with Financial Covenants
The Daio Paper Group has signed loan agreements with multiple financial institutions, and some of those agreements contain financial covenants that set financial standards it is required to maintain, including the amount of net assets reported in the consolidated balance sheet at the end of each fiscal year and ordinary profit/loss reported in the consolidated statement of income of each fiscal year. If the Group fails to comply with the financial covenants, it will be required to repay borrowings, which may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results.
(9) Impacts of Impairment Accounting on Non-Current Assets
The Daio Paper Group owns non-current assets such as property, plant and equipment and goodwill. We apply impairment accounting to
these non-current assets and verify if the carrying amount of assets can
be recovered through future cash flows generated from the assets, and we apply the appropriate accounting treatment for assets that require
the recognition of an impairment loss. If there is a decrease in estimated future cash flows due to changes in the future business environment, we will be required to recognize an additional impairment loss, which may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results.
(10) Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic
With the safety of customers, suppliers and employees as its priority,
each division in the Daio Paper Group has taken action to prevent
further transmission of the disease, which includes thorough infection control measures in accordance with the guidelines of the World Health Organization (WHO) and the public health administration in each
country, employee health management, introduction of remote work
and restrictions on business trips and meetings. A continuation of the pandemic going forward will lead to a reduction in sales volume due to deterioration in the global economy, hikes in raw material prices and difficulties in securing raw materials, decline in logistics functions, etc. which may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results.
(Millions of Yen)
   As of March 31, As of March 31, 2020 2021
  113,054 130,643
 92,741 100,019
 10,982 8,005
 42,667 43,897
 6,766 7,317
 27,864 28,635
 - 3,000
 4,944 7,383
 (2) (537)
 299,018 328,364
   227,570 242,714
 (148,742) (153,900)
 78,828 88,814
 887,255 946,563
 (747,628) (764,677)
 139,627 181,886
 81,889 82,146
 49,900 22,985
 25,039 31,662
 (13,160) (15,901)
 11,878 15,761
 362,123 391,594
  39,941 55,902
 16,935 29,296
 56,876 85,199
  23,182 24,431
 3,823 -
 844 1,523
 8,125 7,088
 9,922 11,631
 (1,039) (156)
 44,859 44,519
 463,859 521,313
 180 122
 763,059 849,801
  As of March 31, As of March 31, 2020 2021
  53,135 64,662
 15,452 13,744
 22,540 -
 - 15,000
 53,724 64,813
 39,215 40,191
 537 388
 10,946 6,492
 5,216 5,786
 129 169
 14,535 15,677
 215,433 226,925
  60,300 45,000
 242,100 284,025
 568 193
 23,254 23,110
 194 97
 47 106
 24 16
 32 49
 11,567 23,487
 338,089 376,086
 553,523 603,012
   43,449 53,884
 44,095 55,901
 116,818 136,579
 (3,064) (4,090)
 201,297 242,275
  2,799 4,226
 9 22
 (5,443) (8,645)
 470 1,353
 (2,163) (3,042)
 10,402 7,556
 209,536 246,788
 763,059 849,801
                                                                         Net Debt to Equity Ratio
■ Net Interest-Bearing Debts (Millions of Yen) 279,994 301,906 285,426 299,785
255,077
■ Free Cash Flow (Millions of Yen) 31,538
20,143
(23,200) (21,823)
Assets
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable— trade
Electronically recorded monetary claims—operating
Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies
Current portion of long-term loans receivable
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures Accumulated depreciation Buildings and structures, net
Machinery, equipment and vehicles Accumulated depreciation
Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net
Land
Construction in progress Other
Accumulated depreciation
Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets Goodwill
Other
Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets Investment securities Long-term loans receivable Retirement benefit asset Deferred tax assets
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets Deferred assets
Total assets
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable—trade Short-term borrowings
Current portion of bonds with share acquisition rights
Current portion of bonds payable
Current portion of long-term borrowings
Accounts payable—other
Current portion of long-term accounts payable—facilities
Income taxes payable Provision for bonuses
Provision for bonuses for directors (and other officers)
Other
Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable Long-term borrowings
Long-term accounts payable— facilities
Retirement benefit liability
Provision for retirement benefits for directors (and other officers)
Provision for share awards
Provision for environmental measures
Provision for loss on business of subsidiaries and associates
Other
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
Net assets Shareholders’ equity
Share capital
Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available- for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
            1.6
1.6
    1.4
1.4
1.3
 (39,492)
         FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
69 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 70

 Consolidated Financial Statements
SECTION 04
Data and Information
(Millions of Yen)
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2021
32,717 34,137 2,575 4,382 109 (121) (386) 320 (782) 4,311 (3,079) 869 (607) (1,025) (48) 1,774 666 (780) 3,401 2,973 (883) 618 81,143 917 (4,466) 1,546 982 (16,206) 293 64,210
2,088
89
(54,137)
263
(20)
1,427
(3,893)
(859)
744
(48,370)
(1,034)
(103,702)
(166)
105,278
(59,040)
(4,170)
1,043
25,011
(2,447)
(596)
(1,323)
63,589
623
24,721
109,384
(4,048)
243
130,301
Consolidated Statement of Income
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit
Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method Foreign exchange gains
Subsidy income
Ship lease income
Other
Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses Interest expenses Foreign exchange losses Expenses for ship lease Other
Total non-operating expenses Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Foreign exchange gains
National subsidies
Gain on sale of non-current assets Gain on sale of investment securities Insurance claim income
Other
Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Loss on sale and retirement of non-current assets
Loss on tax purpose reduction entry of non-current assets Loss on disaster
Impairment loss
Other
Total extraordinary losses Profit before income taxes Income taxes—current Income taxes—deferred Total income taxes
Profit
Loss attributable to non-controlling interests Profit attributable to owners of parent
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Profit
Other comprehensive income:
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of parent Non-controlling interests
(Millions of Yen)
SECTION 01 SECTION 02
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Daio Paper Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before income taxes
Depreciation 31,843
SECTION 03
Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth
   Fiscal year ended March Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 31, 2021
546,433 562,928
 406,127 403,347
 140,305 159,580
 109,677 122,706
 30,628 36,873
  166 236
 591 546
- 121
 - 930
  410 607
 417 674
 2,352 1,758
 3,938 4,874
  3,201 4,311
1,028 -
  524 1,180
 1,700 1,777
 6,455 7,269
 28,111 34,478
 - 2,088
  126 869
 11 70
 6,778 435
 168 869
 483 9
 7,568 4,343
  1,499 1,796
 126 869
 462 373
 1,742 2,575
 598 489
 4,429 6,105
 31,251 32,717
 12,289 11,564
 (224) (51)
 12,064 11,513
 19,186 21,203
 (12) (911)
 19,199 22,115
    Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
      31,251
    Impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Share of loss (profit) of entities accounted for using equity method
Loss (gain) on sale of investment securities
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liability
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses (gains)
Loss on tax purpose reduction entry of non-current assets
Subsidy income
Insurance claim income
Loss (gain) on sale of property, plant and equipment
Loss on retirement of property, plant and equipment
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable—trade
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable—trade
Increase (decrease) in other assets/liabilities
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes
Other, net
Subtotal 72,647
1,742 3,559 (51) — (6,777) 220 (757) 3,201 776 19 (410) (604) 23 1,463 5,448 3 (5,653) 5,235 2,192 (78)
                                                                                     (Millions of Yen)
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Proceeds from subsidy income Proceeds from insurance income Income taxes paid
Income taxes refunded
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from settlement of forward exchange contracts from acquisition of subsidiaries
Net decrease (increase) in time deposits
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sale of investment securities
Purchase of intangible assets
Loans receivable granted
Collection of loans receivable
Purchase of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings
Proceeds from long-term borrowings
Repayments of long-term borrowings
Redemption of bonds
Proceeds from sale of treasury shares
Proceeds from issuance of common shares assigned to non-controlling interests
Cash dividends paid
Payments from changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents resulting from change in scope of consolidation
Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from merger with unconsolidated subsidiaries
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
940 (3,638) 917 578 (4,133) 700 68,012
— (544) (49,095) 513 (208) 8,141 (6,722) (473) 474 — 45 (47,869)
(3,769)
45,110 (49,878) — — — (1,569) (2,888) (1,053) (14,049) (116) 5,977 103,407 — — 109,384
     Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
     19,186
    (6,341)
       -
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2021
21,203
    1,400
  29
12
  685
(3,539)
  (83)
883
   26
    (5,709)
(1,215)
   13,476
   13,539
19,987
   21,236
   (62)
(1,248)
   71 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 72

Investor Information
Status of Shares (As of March 31, 2021)
Authorized Shares Number of Shares Issued Number of Shareholders
Shareholder Distribution
300,000,000 shares 169,012,926 shares 10,030
Established
Capital
Number of Employees
Offices
Mills Branches
May 5, 1943
¥53.9 billion
2,664 (Unconsolidated), 12,658 (Consolidated)
Tokyo Headquarters: 10-2, Fujimi 2-chome, Chiyoda Ward, Tokyo
Tel: +81-3-6856-7500
Shikoku Headquarters: 628, Mishimakamiya-cho, Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
Tel: +81-896-23-9001
Mishima Mill (Ehime Prefecture), Kani Mill (Gifu Prefecture) Osaka Branch, Nagoya Branch, Kyushu Branch (Fukuoka City)
Website
Main Products
https://www.daio-paper.co.jp/en/
Newsprint, coated paper, woodfree paper, printing paper for publication, PPC paper, carbonless paper, adhesive printing paper, wrapping paper, functional specialty paper, paperboard, various types of pulp, household paper (facial tissue, toilet tissue, paper towels), disposable baby and adult diapers, sanitary napkins, masks, etc.
SECTION 01 SECTION 02
Value Creation Story Growth Strategies for Sustainable Value Provision
Corporate Data / Network Corporate Information (As of March 31, 2021)
SECTION 03 SECTION 04 Foundation Underpinning Sustainable Growth Data and Information
   Number of Shareholders by Type of Shareholders
Individuals, others 90.4%
Other domestic
companies 6.7%
Foreign institutions
and individuals 2.0%
Financial institutions 0.6%
Financial instruments 0.3% and exchange dealers
Treasury stock 0.0%
Number of Shares by Type of Shareholders
Other domestic companies
Financial institutions
   10,030 shareholders
Major Shareholders Name
Hokuetsu Corporation
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Daio Kaiun Co., Ltd.
The Iyo Bank, Ltd.
The Ehime Bank, Ltd.
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Ehime Paper Manufacturing Co. Ltd.
Kami Shoji Co. Ltd.
The Norinchukin Bank
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A. 381572
169,013 thousand shares
50.8% 30.9%
Production Bases (As of September 30, 2021)
1 Mishima Mill 2 Kani Mill Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture Kani City, Gifu Prefecture
   Foreign institutions 10.8% and individuals
Treasury stock
Shareholding ratio (%)
24.8
5.1
4.2
4.2
4.1
4.1
3.2
2.8
2.5
2.3
  Individuals, others
Securities companies 1.3%
5.4% 0.8%
Business Bases of the Group Companies (Locations of Headquarters of Consolidated Subsidiaries)
          Number of shares held (Thousands of shares)
41,521
8,529
7,112
7,072
6,920
6,920
5,331
4,700
4,110
3,785
Paper Converting
22 Daio Mill Support Co., Ltd. Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
23 Daio Mill Support Tokai Corporation
Kawabe-cho, Kamo District, Gifu Prefecture
24 Elleair Texel Corporation KaniCity,GifuPrefecture
Engineering
25 Daio Engineering Co., Ltd. Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
Transportation
26 Daio Logistics Co., Ltd. ShikokuchuoCity,EhimePrefecture
27 Daio Express Ltd. ChibaCity,ChibaPrefecture
Other Businesses
28 Elleair Resorts Golf Club Co., Ltd. Matsuyama City, Ehime Prefecture
8
Paper Manufacturing
1 IwakiDaioPaperCorporation Iwaki City, Fukushima Prefecture
2 DainichiPaperCorporation Fuji City, Shizuoka Prefecture
3 OtsuPaperBoardCo.,Ltd. Otsu City, Shiga Prefecture
4 HarimaPaperTech.Corporation Kakogawa City, Hyogo Prefecture
5 TaiseiPaperCorporation Tsuyama City, Okayama Prefecture
6 MarubishiPaperTec.Corporation Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
H&PC Manufacturing
7 ElleairPaperCo.,Ltd. Fujinomiya City, Shizuoka Prefecture
8 AkabiraPaperCorporation Akabira City, Hokkaido
9 ElleairProductCo.,Ltd. Shikokuchuo City, Ehime Prefecture
10 Daio Paper Products Corporation Fuji City, Shizuoka Prefecture
Printing
11DaioPrintingCorporation Toshima Ward, Tokyo
12MiuraPrintingCorporation Sumida Ward, Tokyo
13DaioPostalChemical Corporation ToshimaWard,Tokyo
14 Daiwa Shiko Co., Ltd. ChuoWard,Tokyo
15 Senmeisha Corporation SumidaWard,Tokyo
Corrugated Container
16 Daio Package Corporation ChiyodaWard,Tokyo
17 Yorii Insatsu Shiki Co., Ltd. HonjoCity,SaitamaPrefecture
18 Uemura Shiko Corporation Kanda-machi,MiyakoDistrict,Fukuoka Prefecture
Distribution
19 Tokyo Pulp & Paper International Co., Ltd.
ChuoWard,Tokyo
20 Daio Pulp & Paper Co., Ltd.
Chuo Ward, Tokyo 18 21 Elleair Business Support Co., Ltd.
Toshima Ward, Tokyo
            Stock Price and Trading Volume
28
9 22 25
Trading volume (left scale) Trading Volume (Thousands of shares)
Stock price (closing) (right scale)
Overseas Business Bases
Stock Price (Yen)
29 Forestal Anchile LTDA. (Chile)
30 Elleair International Korea Co., Ltd. (South Korea)
31 Elleair International (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
32 Elleair International China (Nantong) Co., Ltd. (China)
33 PT. Elleair International Trading Indonesia (Indonesia)
34 PT. Elleair International Manufacturing Indonesia (Indonesia)
35 Oregon Chip Terminal INC. (U.S.A.)
36 Elleair International Turkey Kişisel Bakım Ürünleri Üretim A.Ş. (Turkey) 37 Santher - Fábrica de Papel Santa Therezinha S.A. (Brazil)
38 H&PC BRAZIL PARTICIPAÇÕES S.A. (Brazil)
1
  23
224 271015 16
17
11 12
19 20 21 27
 13 14
 Notes: 1. The shares held by Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) and The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) are related to trust service.
2. Shareholding ratio does not include treasury stock (excluding the shares held by trust bank as Trust for Delivery of Shares and Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust).
5 4 26
32
31
33 34
3
1 6
  25,000
20,000 2,000 15,000 1,500 10,000 1,000
2,500
500
36
30
35
       5,000
2019/04
2019/10
2020/04
2020/10
2021/03
37 38
 73 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021
74
29
