1) Located in Republic of Chile, South America, Forestal Anchile LTDA maintains almost half of its
59,000 ha of forests, or 28,000 ha, as natural forests to protect the designated natural treasure
Alerce (Patagonian Cypress). While communicating with the Chile National Forest Corporation
and local NGOs, the company has a specialized organization conduct research on the forests to check the growth of the trees. Referring to recommendations from the organization, the company is carrying out preservation activities appropriately.
In addition, the company regularly performs monitoring in those areas within its forests that are recognized as highly worthy of protection, and such areas comprise natural forests and zones that endangered species might inhabit. The company designates monitoring plots in the protected forest adjacent to the plantation where logging will be done and conducts monitoring before and after its operations. Moreover, this fiscal year, the company has newly begun to use images captured from the sky by drones in order to confirm that its operations has no impact on the flora and fauna ecosystems. The company
will continue to work toward ensuring coexistence and coprosperity of a wide variety of creatures.
2) The Tokushima Factory of Daio Paper Products Corporation is a member of an association breeding and releasing Kawabata-moroko, designated as Endangered Class IA. Using water tanks on its property, the factory has been breeding 200 fish that it received from Tokushima Prefecture in January 2016. The fish
population declined by 50 in the first two years. However, by protecting the remaining fish from birds, setting protective cases for its fry, and managing the water temperature even more carefully, the factory has been successfully increasing the number of the fish since the third year. Although this project has not yet reached the phase of releasing the fish, 791 individual fish were identified as of July 2021. For further breeding, the plant has added various measures, such as monitoring the water quality, setting spawning beds, and cleaning the protective cases. Toward the target of releasing at least 200, the number of the fish originally received from the prefecture, to their original habitat, the factory will continue to breed the fish in cooperation with Tokushima Prefecture.