           
   CONTENTS
03 Top Message
05 “Steel You Can Count On”technologies that
thrive in a variety of fields 07 Financial Highlights
09 Segment Data
11 10th Medium-Term Business Plan 13 Features
   Sanyo Global Action - Expanding Sanyo Special Steel Worldwide
15 Topics
17 CSR-conscious management - the aim of the
Sanyo Special Steel Group 19 Stakeholder Confidence
Social
21 Confidence of customers 23 Confidence of Suppliers 25 Confidence of employee
Environment
31 Environmental management
33 Initiatives to prevent climate change 34 Contributing to a resource-recycling society 35 Moves to reduce the load on the environment 36 Environmental risk management
Governance
37 Corporate Governance 39 Internal control systems 41 Financial Section 76 Company Profile
■ Editorial Policy
This report gives a summary of financial information such as earnings, as well as ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) initiatives and similar, which provide the foundations for sustainable growth, to allow a better understanding of Sanyo Special Steel Co., Ltd. “( Sanyo Special Steel”).
■ Period covered by the report
FY2018 (April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) - note that the report contains some information from timeframes outside this period.
■ Scope of application
Sanyo Special Steel Co., Ltd., and group companies
■ Reference Guidelines
“Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018”Ministry of the Environment IS026000
The corporate philosophy of the Sanyo Special Steel Group is “Confidence-based Management .”
As well as doing our best to inspire confidence in our customers and in society at large, day-by-day we develop various efforts to build confidence among people. We will continue to fulfill our economic and social mission, without relent.
The corporate philosophy
Confidence-based Management
        Confidence of society
We aim to acquire the confidence of society by contributing to the realization of an affluent and culturally rich society and fulfilling our social responsibilities through our "high-quality special steel manufacturing."
Confidence of customers
We aim to earn the confidence of customers by rapidly ascertaining exactly what their needs are and providing them with high-quality special steel products.
Confidence among people
We aim to build the confidence among people by deepening communication with all of our stakeholders and acting autonomously in conformity with social norms.
 01
02

                     Top Message
         In an environment of significant change in the social
and industrial structure, we will implement the corporate philosophy that we have maintained to date of
“Confidence-based Management”to ensure that we not only achieve sustainable growth but also contribute to the realization of a sustainable society.
            Since our foundation in 1933, the Sanyo Special Steel Group (the“Group”) has helped develop a prosperous community and realize a society that recycles its resources by producing high-quality special steel using electric arc furnace steel-making, which is a method that uses scrap iron as the main raw material.
We believe that building up confidence among all our stakeholders is a value that the Group should protect moving forward; it is something that we aim to achieve by promoting sincere, fair, and transparent corporate management through our philosophy of
“Confidence-based Management,”which aims to establish the“Confidence of Society,”“Confidence of Customers,”and“Confidence Among People. ”
In recognition of this, the idea of“pursuing sustainable growth by globalizing the Sanyo Brand”is
highlighted in“Sanyo Global Action 2019” (our 10th Medium-Term Business Plan that is currently being implemented), and the Group is aiming to achieve sustainable growth in human resources, technology, and profitability through key initiatives based on the three basic policies of (i) establishing a robust corporate structure by strengthening our business foundations,including“SanyoFactoryRenovation”; (ii) aiming for further technological advancements by strengthening R&D and quality competitiveness; and (iii) promoting“Sanyo Special Steel - the Confident Choice”as a global brand.
We strengthened our business foundations and enhanced our technological advancements through initiatives conducted in FY2018. Specifically, we carried out work to relieve bottlenecks in Main Bar Mill as scheduled in a bid to future-proof the production structure in response to changes in the demand structure, such as the shift towards demand for smaller diameter and smaller lots, etc., and we also developed the“Sanyo Ultra Refining Process”(which is a process with an additional progress in our efforts to produce ultra-highcleanlinesssteel)and“QCM64-HARMOTEX®” (a steel that combines the extremely high levels of hardness and the superior toughness).
Overseas, we have created stable business foundations to achieve sustainable growth and increase corporate value in the medium-to-long term by making Mahindra Sanyo Special Steel Pvt. Ltd. in India (previously an equity affiliate) a consolidated subsidiary of Sanyo Special Steel in June 2018 and by also making Sanyo Special Steel a subsidiary of Nippon
Steel in March 2019, while at the same time converting Ovako AB of Sweden, a leading manufacturer of special steel in Europe, into a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sanyo Special Steel; and, in conjunction with this, we have developed a framework that will allow us to respond to the global expansion of both domestic and overseas customers and the need for high-quality special steel products by building integrated special steel manufacturing bases in Japan, Europe, and India.
In addition, we have made employee health and safety a top priority in our business activities, creating a workplace that promotes the mental and physical well-being of employees and enables them to work with enthusiasm. In recognition of this, in February 2019 Sanyo Special Steel was granted certification under the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry & Nippon Kenko Kaigi’s“Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program”as an outstanding management company in the field of employee health (commonly known as the“White 500”large enterprise category) .
The business environment surrounding the Group is facing major social and industrial structural changes, including the CASE (Connected, Autonomous, Shared, Electrified) revolution in the automotive sector. Furthermore, there has been a rapid spread in the idea of focusing on SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) and ESG (Environment, Society, and Governance) set out by the United Nations as universal goals for the whole international community, with companies being required to contribute to a sustainable society and
achieve sustainable growth.
In addition to the major structural changes facing
the business environment surrounding the Group, the current global economy is in a difficult situation as it experiences an economic slowdown due to increasing uncertainty caused by trade issues, geopolitical factors, and other reasons. However, we believe that in the medium-to-long term, the global economy will gradually expand and there will be a further increase in the demand for high quality, reliable special steel products. Moreover, despite numerous major changes in the environment in the past, the Group has always worked hard to accumulate the latest technology in any given era, allowing us to build trust in the brand
“Sanyo Special Steel - the Confident Choice.”
The Group will continue to build up confidence among all its stakeholders through the practice of “Confidence-based Management”as we aim not only to achieve sustainable growth in our own operations in a rapidly changing business environment but also to continue to contribute to the realization of a
sustainable society.
We hope that this report will provide an insight into
the activities of the Group, and we look forward to your continued support and assistance.
  03
04
                      
      “Steel You Can Count On”
technologies that thrive in a variety of fields
Sanyo Special Steel’s “Steel You Can Count On” is incorporated and used in a variety of industrial products,
including automobiles, railroads, construction machines, electronics products, and information communication devices. Sanyo Special Steel provides materials that offer high functionality and quality to support development
of industry and society.
Dies for forging press,
Dies for high-quality plastics, Casting dies, Rolls, Tolls, etc.
Tool Steel
Cutting tools, Dies, Injection molding machine(ex. screw), etc.
Extra-high-anticorrosion pipes, Chemical plant piping,
Pipes for heat exchanges, etc.
Bearings, Linear Motion Bearings, Ball Screws, etc.
Bearing Steel Engineering Steel
Tubes for refuse incineration and power generation and power generation boilers, Tubes for waste heat recovery, Chemical plant piping
Stainless Steel
Heat-resistant thermal spray powder for boiler pipes, Metal powders for 3D printing
Metal powders
Medical Fields
Parts for dental treatment devices (hand pieces)
Stainless Steel
Formed & Fabricated Materials
PCs
Motor shafts for OA equipment, Sleeves, etc.
Factries,Plants, Power Stations
Aerospace
Driving parts, etc.
Bearing Steel
Metal powders for 3D printing
Metal powders
             Stainless Steel
    Powder Metallurgy high-speed steel
  Wind power generation equipment
Electrical Cables
High alloy cables:High-strength low thermal expansion alloy
for high voltage transmission lines
High Alloy Steel Wires
Construction machineries Gears, Shafts, Cylinders, Sprockets, Swing gears, etc.
Shinkansen bullet train
Bearings
Bearing Steel
Bearings
Bearing Steel
Formed & Fabricated Materials
Bolts, Gears, etc.
Engineering Steel
Formed & Fabricated Materials
                   Formed & Fabricated Materials
Formed & Fabricated Materials
Engineering Steel Bearing steel
High Alloy Steel
Engineering Steel
Seismic isolation systems
Bearing Steel
Stainless Steel Powder Metallurgy products
Mobile Phone, Smartphone
Electro-magnetic wave absorber
   HDDs
    Metal powders
  Buildings
Bolts
Electrical Appliances Magnetic head for HDD recorders, etc.
Powder Metallurgy products
         Automobiles
Transmission gears, Shafts, Engine parts, Connecting rods, etc.
        Roads
Base course materials, Asphalt aggregates, etc.
Electric arc furnace slag
Engineering Steel
Bearings, etc.
Bearing Steel
Intake/exhaust valves, etc.
Heat resistant steel
EGR cooler, Shot peening
Metal powders
Formed & Fabricated Materials
Formed & Fabricated Materials
       Formed & Fabricated Materials
Robots
Driving parts, etc.
Industrial Machineries
Spindles, Turrets, etc.
Engineering Steel
Ships
Shafts, Bolts, etc.
Engineering Steel
Propeller shafts, etc.
Stainless Steel
Engine valves
    Bearing Steel
        Engineering Steel
Engineering Steel
    Heat resistant steel
   High Alloy Steel
       Iron scrap
The Group of Sanyo Special Steel's Products
Rolled bars Tubes Forged bars
                  At Sanyo Special Steel, we use electric arc furnace steel-making (which uses iron scrap as a main raw material) to manufacture special steel, contributing to the recycling and effective use of iron resources. Compared to blast furnace steel-making, which makes steel from iron ore, the electric arc furnace method has the advantage of lower CO2 emissions and lower energy consumption. Approximately 95% of the raw materials used by Sanyo Special Steel are recycled materials such as scrap iron (including materials recycled in-house)
Recycle
Bearing Steel Engineering Steel Tool Steel Stainless Steel Heat resistant steel High Alloy Steel
                             Metal powders
Powder Metallurgy products
Formed & Fabricated Materials
Electric arc furnace slag
   05
06

                      Financial Highlights
      FY2018 Overview & Forthcoming Initiatives
During the fiscal year under review (April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019), there was a moderate recovery in the Japanese economy due to a recovery in personal consumption and an increase in capital investment. Nevertheless, the future remains unclear. While the Japanese economy is expected to continue to enjoy moderate recovery on the back of improving employment and income conditions despite some weaknesses, there are still uncertainties in the global economy stemming from concerns over policy trends in the United States and a downturn in emerging countries including China, among other factors. In the special steel industry, the second half of the year saw the start of an adjustment phase for some industrial machinery such as machine tools, robots, and semiconductor manufacturing equipment as a slump in capital investment took effect; however, production volumes of special hot-rolled steels held firm thanks to on-going, strong demand from the automotive and construction machinery sectors.
In these circumstances, Group sales for the fiscal year increased by 28,332 million yen to 185,818 million yen. This was driven by an increase in sales prices due to the application of a scrap iron surcharge system and an increase in base prices due to the rise in the cost of raw materials and fuel, as well as the consolidation of the Indian equity affiliate Mahindra Sanyo Special Steel Pvt. Ltd. (hereinafter“MSSS”) as a subsidiary company of the Group.
In terms of profits, while certain factors such as a rise in sales prices and a reduction in variable costs increased revenue, other factors meant that ordinary income fell to 9,437 million yen (down 1,221 million yen year-on-year) and ROS (return on sales - ordinary income as a percentage of sales) fell to 5.1% (compared with 6.8% the previous year); these“other factors”included the rising cost of raw materials and fuel, the acquisition cost recorded for Ovako shares (Note 1), and the amortization recorded for goodwill associated with the consolidation of MSSS as a subsidiary of the Group.
Net income attributable to owners of the parent increased to 7,721 million yen (up 687 million yen year-on-year) due to the recording of marginal gains pertaining to the staged acquisition of MSSS as a consolidated subsidiary.
An extraordinary general shareholders’meeting of Sanyo Special Steel held on February 28, 2019, passed a resolution on a share s u b s c r i p t i o n a g r e e m e n t f o r a t h i r d - p a r t y a l l o t m e n t t o N i p p o n S t e e l C o r p o r a t i o n “( N i p p o n S t e e l ”; a c o m p a n y t h a t c h a n g e d i t s n a m e from Nippon Steel and Sumitomo Metal Corporation on April 1, 2019) in connection with the“Agreement on Subsidiary Conversions (Note 2)”concluded on August 2, 2018, with Nippon Steel. On March 28, 2019, Sanyo Special Steel executed the third-party allotment and became a subsidiary of Nippon Steel. At the same time, we acquired all Ovako shares from Nippon Steel and Ovako became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sanyo Special Steel.
(Note 1) Shares of Triako Holdco AB, the parent company with full control of Ovako AB, a special steel manufacturer with its head office based in Sweden.
(Note 2) The conversion of Sanyo Special Steel to a subsidiary of Nippon Steel and the simultaneous acquisition by Sanyo Special Steel of all Ovako shares from Nippon Steel.
While there are expectations that the modest recovery of Japan’s economy will continue, uncertainty in the global economy is increasing due to trade issues and other factors. Moreover, with international competition in the special steel industry escalating and prices for raw materials rising, uncertain conditions that do not allow for optimism are expected to continue in the business environment surrounding the Group.
In such circumstances, despite a tough business environment with stiff competition and increasing costs for raw materials and energy, etc., we aim to achieve sustainable growth in human resources, technology, and profitability by strengthening our business foundations through the implementation of“factory renovations ,”etc., seeking further technological advances, and promoting the global brand“Sanyo Special Steel - the Confident Choice”under our corporate philosophy of“Confidence-based Management”as stated in the 10th Medium-Term Business Plan“Sanyo Global Action 2019.”
Furthermore, in cooperation with Nippon Steel and Ovako, we will maximize the potential of Sanyo Special Steel and our group companies to achieve synergistic effects as soon as possible.
Profit Distribution Policy and Dividends
Our basic policy on profit distribution is to reward our shareholders by increasing the profits available for distribution while strengthening our business foundation. Concerning dividend payment, we intend to meet our shareholders’expectations, primarily by distributing profits based on periodic business performance, while giving due consideration to both the payout ratio and the amount of funds required for investment and other activities to enhance our corporate value. Dividends from surplus are based on a consolidated payout ratio of 25-30% and are paid at the end of the 2nd quarter and the end of fiscal year according to our profit distribution standard based on our consolidated business performance.
With net income attributable to owners of the parent at 7,721 million yen (equating to net earnings per share of 237.75 yen), the dividend per share for the full fiscal year under review was 69 yen (based on a pay-out ratio of 29.0%), which was paid as an interim dividend of 45 yen per share and a final dividend of 24 yen per share.
Consolidated Results
        Net Sales
Millions of Yen)
200,000
171,495
185,81
   157,485 138,680
149,148
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018(FY)
 150,000 100,000 50,000
            07
08
Business performance
Y)
Operating income
(Millions of Yen) 15,000
12,000 12,188 9,000 9,169
11,685 10,96910,123
  6,000 3,000 0
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018(FY)
   Ordinary Income
Millions of Yen) 12,000
9,735 9,000
Net income
Millions of Yen) 8,000
6,547 6,000
4,000 2,000
7,41 7,784
7,721
 6
  10,659 9,437
        6,000 3,000 0
11,54011,736
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018(F
  0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
7,034
     Financial condition
 Net assets
Millions of Yen) 200,000
200,2
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018(FY)
Total assets
Millions of Yen) 400,000
374,246
     160,000 120,000 113,644
80,000 40,000
128,959 123,143
113,140
300,000
200,000 202,243 183,444 100,000
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
 179,898 209,146
              (( 00
                               (
8
     ((
    
                     Segment Data
◆Metal Powder
In Metal Powder, we manufacture and sell high-purity metal powders with low impurities levels and powder metallurgy products made using our own proprietary powder consolidation technologies. We not only provide alloy design that meets the needs of our customers, but are also able to support everything from mass production to small lots for research and development. We provide high functionality materials required in a variety of situations-from the forefront of research and development to manufacturing sites.
Net sales for FY2018 increased by 2 million yen year-on-year to 4,897 million yen, mainly due to an increase in the volume of sales for the automotive and industrial machinery sectors, and a rise in sales prices; this was despite a fall in the volume of sales for the electronic materials sector. Operating income fell by 242 million yen year-on-year to 683 million yen due to a fall in the volume of sales for the electronic materials sector and a rise in the cost of raw materials.
   Formed and Fabricated Materials 10%
Metal Powder 2%
Other1%
Specialty Steel 87%
Consolidated
(Millions of Yen) 8,452
683
879
42
65
            170,234※
4,897※
19,983※
1,641
▲10,938
Net Sales 5,000 (Millions of Yen)4,000
3,000 2,000 1,000
0
4,894
4,897
Operating 1,000 income 800
(Millions of Yen) 600 400 200 0
925
683
FY2017 FY2018
         FY2018 Net Sales
          Adjustments
FY2017 FY2018
          Total
185,818
* Net sales include internal sales and transfers conducted between segments
◆Formed & Fabricated Materials
Formed & Fabricated Materials use an integrated process to manufacture high-quality formed and fabricated materials from“steel you can count on,”which is produced using our advanced clean steel technology. Our formed and fabricated materials include cut rings produced by cutting special steel tubes with high precision, forged rings/forged
products/rolled products made from steel bars, and cold roll formed rings made from ring
materials.
Net sales for FY2018 increased by 1,553 million yen year-on-year to 19,983 million
yen, mainly due to increases in sales volumes and rises in sales prices. Operating income increased by 175 million yen year-on-year to 879 million yen, mainly due to an increase in sales volumes at our Chinese subsidiary; this was despite start-up costs for the subsidiary in Mexico.
10,123
  ◆Special Steel
In the Specialty Steel business, we manufacture and sell various special steel products including bearing steel, which boasts a top share in total domestic production, as well as engineering steel, stainless steel, heat resistant steel, and tool steel. Net sales for FY2018 were 170,234 million yen (up 28,245 million yen year-on-year) due mainly to the effect of the rise in sales prices and the consolidation of MSSS as a subsidiary. Operating income fell to 8,452 million yen (down 777 million yen year-on-year) due, among other factors, to the rising cost of raw materials and fuel, and the amortization recorded for goodwill associated with the consolidation of MSSS as a subsidiary of the Group; this was despite positive profit drivers such as a rise in sales prices and a reduction in variable costs.
25,000 (Millions of Yen) 20,000
Operating 1,000 income 800
(Millions of Yen) 600 400
200 0
 Net Sales
18,430
19,983
879 704
FY2017 FY2018
              Net Sales 200,000 (Millions of Yen)
141,988 170,234 FY2017 FY2018
Operating 10,000
9,229
8,452
15,000 10,000 5,000 0
     150,000 100,000 50,000 0
income
(Millions of Yen)
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
FY2017 FY2018
              FY2017 FY2018
◆Others
This segment includes information processing services conducted through subsidiaries. Net sales for FY2018 increased by 111 million yen year-on-year to 1,641 million yen, while operating income was up 15 million yen year-on-year to 42 million yen.
  Net Sales 2,000 (Millions of Yen)1,500
1,000 500 0
1,641
FY2017 FY2018
Operating
income
(Millions of Yen)
50 40 30 20 10
0
42 27
FY2017 FY2018
  1,530
            09
10
Net Sales
Operating income
 Specialty Steel
 Metal Powder
 Formed and Fabricated Materials
 Other
                             
 10th Medium-Term Business Plan
Sanyo Global Action 2019
- Pursue sustainable growth by building a global brand of Sanyo -
Strategy of the 10th Medium-Term Business Plan
Based on our management principle of “Confidence-based Management,” we will firmly establish a strong corporate structure that will enable us to secure stable earnings by executing “Sanyo Factory Renovation” and strengthening our business foundation. In addition, we aim to further pursue technological superiority and to promote "Sanyo Special Steel - the Confident Choice" to a global brand, with the aim of achieving sustainable growth (human resources, technologies, and profitability) even in a challenging environment of intensifying global competition in the special steel industry, and rising raw material and energy prices.
• Further pursue technological superiority by enhancing R&D and quality competitiveness
(1) Enhance quality competitiveness, mainly for bearing steel
       Establish a strong corporate structure by strengthening the business foundation
Further pursue technological superiority by enhancing R&D and quality competitiveness
Promote “ Sanyo Special Steel - the Confident Choice ” to a global brand
Pursue Sustainable Growth
Human resources / Technologies / Profitability
■ Maintain Sanyo Special Steel’s internal quality superiority based
on its core “Premium Cleanliness Steel Manufacturing Technology” ■ Develop external appearance quality through process improvements
and a higher level of quality assurance
(2) Promote R&D
■ R&D spending 1.1-fold increase from 9th medium term (4.6 → 5.0 billion yen) ■ Clarify functions of basic research and product development
■ Strengthen medium- and long-term R&D planning functions
Aim to become “No. 1 globally in internal quality and external appearance quality”
Create products with high reliability and new technology rapidly and continually
   Priority Measures
• Establish a strong corporate structure by strengthening the business foundation
(1) Strengthen competitiveness by executing “Sanyo Factory Renovation”
• Promote “Sanyo Special Steel-the Confident Choice” to a global brand
(1) Promote global branding measures
   ■ Eliminate bottlenecks at No. 2 Bar Mill, etc.
■ Streamline factory logistics and directly link production processes ■ Promote automation and improve efficiency through AI and IoT, etc.
(2) Secure stable earnings
i) Steel Products business
■ Absorb the material/energy price hike through cost reductions   and sales price increase
■ Capture the growing overseas demand for special steel
■ Improve the sales mix
ii) Non-steel Products business
■ Establish investment decided in 9th medium-term and capture growth market •Formed and Fabricated Materials: Local subsidiaries in Thailand(SSSP) and Mexico(SMM) •Special Materials: No.2 Metal Powder Plant
■ Non-Steel Products business sales: 1.5-fold growth vs. FY2016
(3) Enhance the management foundation
i) Promote agile, transparent management
Strengthen cost & delivery competitiveness
Achieve stable earnings
Improve stability of earnings through expansion
■ Strengthen the roles of our overseas bases ■ Establish a 6-center structure worldwide
for the Formed and Fabricated Materials business ■ Build a global supply chain
* Quality (Quality), Cost (cost)・, Delivery
(2) Promote initiatives aimed at further improvements in recognition
   Enhance the source of our brand power (QCDD* power)
Global branding
(delivery on time) Development (R&D)
    ■ Strengthen the technical planning function and accelerate technical exchanges with customers
■ Enhance communication of information in Japan and overseas
... Actively expand PR and IR activities, etc.
Planning for 50 billion yen in 3 years (x1.4 compared to 9th Medium-Term)
■ Strategic investment 25 billion yen/3 years
... “Sanyo Factory Renovation”, M&A, etc.
■ General investment 25 billion yen/3 years
··· Investment in cost reductions such as energy savings, labor savings, quality, updating of aging facilities, etc.
Worldwide brand penetration
  • Investments
  ■ Firmly establish the executive officer system(June 2017 onwards)
■ Continuously focus on safety initiatives, disaster prevention, environmental conservation and compliance structure
ii) Secure and train human resources
■ Strengthen the regular recruitment program for internationalization and transfer of expertise
     (2.7-fold increase from the 9th medium-term period)
■ Improve re-hiring scheme and continue to promote diversity management including support for women in the workplace, etc. ■ Implement work style reforms to achieve work-life balance
iii) Enhance shareholder return
■ Set 25% as the lower limit for the consolidated dividend payout ratio (currently 20%) ■ Aim for a consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30% in FY2019
  11
12

 13
14
Features
Sanyo Global Action - Expanding Sanyo Special Steel Worldwide
The global steel market is facing social and industrial structural changes, including a declining population in Japan, a move towards global protectionism, an increasing trend for customers to procure materials locally as they expand globally, the CASE (Connected, Autonomous, Shared, Electrified) revolution in the automotive industry, an increase in the use of renewable energy, and the use of robots in manufacturing and service industries.
Given these circumstances, we expect to see strong growth in the future for special steel products, which are used as materials for key components in industry; and along with this, we believe there will be further increases in the need for special steel products of high quality. Meanwhile, as domestic and international competition intensifies in the special steel market, we need to enhance our competitiveness in terms of technology, product development, and cost.
We have been promoting“Sanyo Special Steel - the Confident Choice”as a global brand under our corporate philosophy of“Confidence-based Management”as stated in the 10th Medium-Term Business Plan“Sanyo Global Action 2019.”
Sanyo Special Steel global business sites
We have been building integrated bases for the manufacture of special steel in Japan, Europe, and India with the consolidation of the Indian special steel manufacturer Mahindra Sanyo Special Steel
Pvt. Ltd. (previously an equity affiliate) as a subsidiary of Sanyo Special Steel in June 2018. In addition to this, Sanyo Special Steel became a subsidiary of Nippon Steel in March 2019
and, at the same time, Ovako AB of Sweden, a leading manufacturer of special steel Europe, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sanyo Special Steel. In Formed
and Fabricated Materials, we have also added a six-country network to
provide a framework to enhance our ability to respond to the global developments and increasingly sophisticated/diverse needs
our customers, both within Japan and overseas.
Expanding our global network in the growing, Indian market
i n of
Seeking synergies through cooperation between the three companies
With the demand for special steel in India set to expand significantly from the current estimated 4 million tons per year to around 10 million tons per year by 2030, we expect to see a further increase in our customers’(including Japanese companies) need for local procurement and requirement for quality products.
So far, Sanyo Special Steel has been providing technical support to MSSS to improve quality, reduce costs, and increase productivity, etc. However, moving forward we intend to go beyond technical support and provide a boost to the company across the board in areas such as production, quality, and sales in order to expand our global network in the growing Indian market and further promote“Sanyo Special Steel - the Confident Choice”as a global brand.
Nippon Steel
As a member of the Nippon Steel Group, Sanyo Special Steel is not only building stable business foundations for sustainable growth, but we have also secured a firm foothold in Europe, one of the world’s leading markets, through the acquisition of Ovako as a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Moving forward, we will seek synergies in a three-company partnership, including the integration of leading, world-class technology in the manufacture of advanced clean steel with Ovako and the reciprocal use of sales, distribution, and logistics networks; and in so doing, we aim to further enhance our competitiveness in the global market and improve corporate value.
 
 
・ Construction of optimal production systems for each geographical region
・ Sharing operating know-how
・ Reciprocal use of overseas production
sites’logistics networks
Sanyo Special Steel
Ovako
Seeking efficient production
for the entire Group
Enhancing ability to respond
to customers
・ Reciprocal use of sales/distribution networks
・ Enhanced ability to provide proposals through joint R&D
Reductions
in procurement costs
・ Improve efficiencies in the transport of raw materials
・ Centralized purchasing

Topics
   Certified as an outstanding management company in the field of employee health for 2019 (large enterprise category)
In February 2019, Sanyo Special Steel was selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi for certification as“an outstanding management company in the field of employee health for 2019 (large enterprise category).”
We were assessed as having made employee health and safety a top priority in our business activities and promoting a workplace that ensures the mental and physical well-being of employees and enables them to work in an energetic manner.
Moving forward, Sanyo Special Steel will continue to promote the creation of safe and healthy workplaces, contributing to the realization of a prosperous society and aiming to be a company that inspires yet more confidence.
    Development of Sanyo Ultra Refining Process (SURP)
 We have developed the Sanyo Ultra Refining Process (SURP), marking additional progress in Sanyo New Refining Process (SNRP).
SNRP is a process that allows the mass production of high-quality ultra- high-cleanliness steel. It not only reduces the volume of inclusions, it also controls (reduces) the size of large inclusions.
We found new ways to reduce the frequency of large inclusions by means of controlling their composition (type, quantity, and fraction of their trace components).
We have developed SURP, helping to reduce the frequency of large non- metallic inclusions by adding to the inclusioncontrol technology of SNRP.
We expect that applying this technology to bearings and other rotating parts for high-speed rail train components, wind turbines, and industrial equipment, which involve heavy loads that require stable operation in extreme, severe lubrication environments enables to respond to needs for higher reliability and maintenance-free operation.
Fig.Example of extreme value statistical result of hardening steel
 SURP steel Ordinary steel
SURP steel
Ordinary steel
  We developed QCM64-HARMOTEX®,a steel that combines the high hardness of 64 HRC
 Class and superior toughness, to meet the demand for cold-work tool steel with higher performance properties.
We discovered the optimum alloy composition to control crystallization in coarse carbides by using outstanding precipitated carbides control technology, therefore we realized the high hardness and superior toughness.
Features of QCM64-HARMOTEX®
1)High hardness and superior toughness that are far excellent than the JIS
SKD11
→Contributing to improve the service life of cold-work tools and the
quality of finished products
2)Outstanding performance under the heat treatment conditions as
general purpose cold-work tool steel
→Contributing to save on the manufacturing costs for cold-work tools
*1 HRC ...It is a unit that expresses the hardness of steel on the Rockwell hardness scale. The hardness of annealed material is typically around 20 HRC.
*2 High-speed Steel ...It is a grade of steel that was originally made for tools used to cut steel̶ a grade that exhibits a high
level of hardness and outstanding wear resistance.
P/M high speed steels 8%Cr steel
Toughness Good fatigue strength, cracking resistance
 Even equal high hardness of high-speed steel and superior toughness
Helps to improve productivity and quality of finished goods and reduce die costs
        15
Micro-structure Comparison
QCM64-HARMOTEX JIS SKD11
Coarse
 Receipt of the“Award for Corporations Actively Promoting Women” from Himeji City
In March 2019, Sanyo Special Steel was selected as one of the corporations in Himeji City actively engaged in promoting women through training and job promotions for female employees, improvements in the work environment, and similar initiatives, and we received an award from the Mayor of Himeji.
In 2007, we started initiatives to support the active participation of women, and the company has encouraged the creation of work-friendly environments by developing programs, implementing training schemes, and similar initiatives.
Moving forward, Sanyo Special Steel intends to continue to support the active participation of women and provide a company where both men and women can work with enthusiasm.
We have implemented training for female employees to promote active participation by women.
                   * Training to support active participation of women in technical job roles
16
  Reduced variate
Hardness strength, wear resistance
Good

                       CSR-conscious management - the aim   of the Sanyo Special Steel Group
  CSR-conscious management is the aim of the Sanyo Special Steel Group, and its purpose is to realize sustainable growth and contribute to a sustainable society by building relationships of trust with all stakeholders through the practice of“Confidence-based Management,”our corporate philosophy. The practice of“Confidence-based Management”can be rephrased as“being a completely honest company.” Companies are members of society and they cannot develop without confidence from their stakeholders. The Sanyo Special Steel Group contributes to the realization of a sustainable society by honestly and frankly practicing“Confidence-based Management.”
      High-quality Confidence products
The practice
of Confidence-based Management
Sanyo Special Steel Group
Sustainable growth of Sanyo Special
Steel
FY2018 CSR Management Initiatives
Stakeholder
  Missions to be fulfilled
  Results of key CSR activities in FY2018
    Customers
 •Stable supply of high-quality products •Sustainable efforts to improve quality •Promotion of technology and research on
steel
•Presentations at expositions in Japan and overseas •Development of a process for manufacturing ultra-high-cleanliness
steel (SURP - Sanyo Ultra Refining Process)
•Receipt of the Technical Development Award from the Japan Institute of
Metals and Materials for the development steel“QDX-HARMOTEX.” •Development of“QCM64-HARMOTEX”cold-work tool steel
  Business partners
  •Fair and equitable trading •Sustainable procurement activities
  •Implementation of a supplier award
   Shareholders & investors
 •Appropriate disclosure of financial information •Communication with shareholders and investors •Promotion of prompt and transparent management
 •Issue of annual report
•Video of financial results briefing distributed on Web page •Plant tours for individual shareholders
 Local communities
 •Regional revitalization both in Japan and overseas
•Support activities for volunteer/cultural promotions
 •Cultural lectures
•One day track & field sessions
•Plant tours held for elementary school pupils
•Clean up activities in the area around the head office plant
 Employees
  •Development of work-friendly environments •Training for international personnel •Eradication of occupational accidents •Improvement of disaster prevention awareness
  •Implementation of“no overtime days” •Language training for new employees in the US •Enhancements to the safety experience center •Implementation of disaster prevention drills
 Environment (the planet)
 •Development of environmentally friendly products and technologies
•Efforts towards environmental preservation
 •Switch to LED lighting
•Use of inverters in on-site water supply pumps •Use of brick waste as heat-resistance raw material •Updating large fans with high-efficiency fans
      Confidence
Workplaces and working conditions that encourage
the will to work
  17
18
     Realization of a sustainable
society
         Sanyo Special Steel
In the global economy, people, goods, and capital shift on a global scale and one country’s economic crisis is instantly linked to another; similarly, in this age, global issues such as climate change and natural disasters also have global repercussions and severe impact. Given this situation, the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development was adopted by the UN in September 2015 with universal objectives for the entire international community to work towards̶both developed and developing countries alike. In the 2030 Agenda, 17 goals and 169 targets were listed as Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The relationship between our Group’s key business activities and the SDGs is as follows.
      and SDGs
・Development and stable supply of highly-functional special steel products
・Health and safety activities
・Development of employees’skills ・Welfare scheme
・Support for the active participation of women
・Utilization of scrap raw material
・Recycling of by- products
・Promotion of energy saving ・Prevention of water
・Reductions in the emission of air pollutants
・Development of green spaces within factory sites
・Chemical substance controls
   The relationship between our Group’s key business activities and the SDGs
・Reductions in CO2 emissions ・Modal shift
・Increase the ratio of
transportation made by ship
pollution ・Re-use of waste
water
 SDGs Goals
Group Activities
                       o
t
s
u
C
m
e
r
s
s
r
o
t
s
e
B
v
u
s
i
i
l
n
n
e
&
s
s
r
m
s
e
m
d
r
l
t
o
n
e
h
t
r
e
s
r
a
h
Appropriate dividends/ disclosure of information
Confidence
Confidence
Contributing to regional activities
S
E
n
Fair trade
Confidence
Confidence
Reducing the burden on the environment
v
i
s
r
o
e
 i
n
i
m
n
u
e
a
p
n
t
(
o
t
c
h
e
a
c
p
o
l
L
a
n
e
t
)
s
e
e
y
o
E
m
p
l

                        Stakeholder Confidence
2018
Apr.
May
Jul.
Aug.
Sep.
Our Group contributes to the creation of a sustainable society by ensuring that each and every employee is always aware of“coexisting with society”and fulfills his/her responsibilities as a member of society.
Moving forward, the Group will also practice its corporate philosophy of“Confidence-based Management”as we aim to inspire yet more confidence in all our stakeholders. Here we show some results from our activities in FY2018.
 Oct.
Nov.
Dec.
2019
    Jan.
Mar.
                    •Announcement of financial results for FY2017 and press conference
•Exhibits presented at Indian tool steel exhibition
“Die & Mold
India International Exhibition”
•Financial results briefing for business partners and shareholders
    •General Meeting of Shareholders
•Ceremony for the
presentation of supplier awards held
•Announcement of 1Q earnings results
•Exhibits presented
at the“Taiwan International 3D Printing Show 2018” (Taipei)
•Announcement of 2Q earnings results
•Financial results briefing and plant tours for business partners and shareholders 
•Exhibits presented at the
“5th Highly- functional Metal Exposition”
•Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders
•Exhibits presented at
                                                    19
20
Jun.
Feb.
  •Exhibits presented at the“5th Highly- functional Metal Exposition”
 
•Exhibits presented at the 3D printer exhibition“Formnext2018” (Germany)
 
•Announcement of 3Q earnings results
the 3D printer exhibition TCT +Japan2019”
•Plant tours for individual shareholders
       •Provision of practice steel materials for Himeji Technical High School
•Cultural lecture organized by the Sanyo Special Steel Cultural Promotion Foundation (Lecturer: Mr. Kawaguchi, Project Manager
of Hayabusa, an asteroid probe, at the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA)) 
•Special lecture by Managing Director Yanagimoto at Waseda University under the
“Special Lectures by Corporate Executives” sponsored by the Iron and Steel Institute of Japan.
•Acceptance of internships
•Blood donation event (the first of the year)
•Donation of wheelchairs by the labor union to our Employees Hall and other welfare facilities for senior citizens
•Sponsorship for women’s soccer matches in the
“Nadeshiko League” (Second Division)
•Invitation to
a plant tour extended to 5th grade pupils from Himeji Municipal Tegara Elementary School
• 2019 New Year Concert organized by the Sanyo Special Steel Cultural Promotion Foundation
 
•Blood donation event (the third of the year)
•One-day Track & Field workshop organized by the Sanyo Special Steel Cultural Promotion Foundation
  
•Labor management seminar
      •Disaster drills for major earthquakes
•Disaster drills for major earthquakes
•Safety lectures 
•Collaborative industry/ academia lectures
•Creation of a corporate ethics
“slogan of the month”and company-wide distribution
•Quality lectures 
•Creation of a quality slogan and company-wide distribution •Training in Security Export
Controls
•Company-wide competition
to demonstrate skills in
crane handling and slinging •Disaster prevention
drills at plants
•Compliance lectures
  
•Mental health lectures   
•Certified as an “outstanding management
company in the field of employee health 2019”
 
•Receipt of the“Award for Corporations Actively Promoting Women”from Himeji City
•Plant tours for the families of new employees taking up engineering positions in FY2018
                                               •Invitation to a plant tour extended to 5th grade pupils from Himeji Municipal Tsuda, Takahama, and Shikama Elementary Schools
•Blood donation event (the second of the year) 
•Participation by the Athletics Club
in a marathon contest at Himeji Municipal Tegara Elementary School
•“Presentation Ceremony for Donation  Pledges”held for the book-gifting
scheme for inner-city elementary schools run by the Sanyo Special Steel Cultural Promotion Foundation.
•Activities to beautify the local area
•Disaster prevention drills at plants
     Initiatives for shareholders, suppliers and customers Initiatives for global society and the environment Initiatives for employees

     C
        onfidence with customers 
       Quality
Quality assurance is about creating a process that allows us to accurately grasp the needs of customers and provide a reliable supply of products that meet those needs, and is directly linked to our corporate philosophy of“Confidence-based Management.” The Group has established a quality management system based on ISO9001:2015, and we promote quality control activities that create product quality by integrating our sales division, engineering division, production division, and quality assurance division to ensure that we satisfy product standards such as JIS and various overseas standards. Furthermore, quality assurance is not just about controlling product quality; it also about ensuring that the quality management system, which is a key part of our corporate structure, can respond to environmental changes such as globalization and changing customer needs, and also address the need to make improvements to realize a more efficient structure. The Group aims to continue to be an enterprise that enjoys sustainable growth by placing emphasis not only on product quality controls but also on maintaining and improving the quality management system, which forms the cornerstone of the Group’s quality assurance system.。
Quality Assurance System
The Quality Assurance Department plays a central role in the quality management system maintained and managed by Sanyo Special Steel, which forms the cornerstone of our quality assurance system. The process for product quality control is developed through collaboration between various divisions. The Sales Division gains an understanding of customer needs, the Engineering Division then reflects these requirements in the manufacturing designs, and the Production Division creates the final product based on these designs. In addition, Sanyo Special Steel continues to work to provide products that inspire ever-more confidence, using its Quality Assurance Department (an independent department responsible for all aspects of quality assurance) to provide checks and balances in a bid to optimize and enhance quality assurance functions. The Quality Assurance Committee meets regularly and is chaired by the Director in Charge of Quality Assurance. The Committee discusses basic policy and plans concerning quality assurance for the fiscal year and implements improvement activities such as“systematic improvements in key issues,”“prevention of quality complaints,”
“enhancement of quality assurance,”and“improvements in customer satisfaction levels.”
Quality Assurance Initiatives
Under ISO9001:2015, individual organizations need to conduct operational risk assessments to address new requirements for“risk and opportunity initiatives.” Based on issues at Sanyo Special Steel that have been identified through these assessments, we have been rolling-out a medium-to-long term PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) plan in a bid to upgrade our quality assurance. Specifically, we are working to improve our quality management system by continuously updating our quality manuals, implementing quality patrols, and sharing information between organizations through internal quality audits.
In addition, we hold lectures on quality issues in November, which is National Quality Month, to promote activities aimed at raising employee awareness of quality.
Understanding and reflecting customer needs
Once a year, we survey our customers to have them assess
us on QCDD (Quality, Cost, Delivery, Development). We
analyze the results and extract any points with low scores for
improvement, leading to even higher customer satisfaction.
Furthermore, in order to understand the needs of customers
in a timely manner, we hold meetings to exchange technical
ideas with customers and we also take part in exhibitions,
both in Japan and overseas. We not only present detailed
information on the products and new technologies we have developed, but we also collect information on customers’latest needs, which is then used to develop and improve our products.
Promotion of skill transfer activities
On April 1, 2015, the Skills Transfer Group was established. This Group specializes in the transfer of technology and skills and is involved in the planned, systematic training of employees who will succeed to the relevant roles.
FY2019 is the final year of the three-year activity plan established in FY2017, and we have been making steady progress toward achieving the plan’s activity targets through on-going initiatives that include one-on-one training (pairing up employees imparting the skills with those learning them), the creation of training materials, and the enhancement of award programs to improve motivation.
In addition, as of this fiscal year, we have not only been investigating (and planning countermeasures for) the causes of suspensions in production and equipment stoppages from the perspective of skill transfers, but we have also started activities to track the overall progress of measures to prevent recurrence and follow them to completion; and, in light of this, the role played by skill transfer activities is becoming increasingly important.
Promotion of TPM (Total Productive Maintenance) activities
The entire production division is working on TPM activities with the aim of thoroughly eliminating losses and waste due to equipment breakdowns and problems, increasing production efficiency, and providing a reliable supply of products.
In terms of activities, we have not only set up the“TPM School”as a place to provide training on basic knowledge about equipment and machinery to develop human resources with a good understanding of the equipment, but we are also creating common-interest groups for individual work categories on topics such as quality improvement, productivity improvement, safety, and cost to allow us to carry out improvements every day. By the end of August this fiscal year, 97 people had attended the TPM School, with total attendance at 1,800 since the School started, to acquire the basic skills and knowledge useful for autonomous maintenance. In addition to this, the outcomes of improvement activities are
announced at in-house TPM contests held four times a year in a bid to enhance TPM activities.
Moreover, we are conducting IoT application training at the TPM School and promoting the introduction of IoT at manufacturing
sites in order to further improving productivity and stabilize operations.
                   21
22
                                   
                        Confidence with supplier
   Procurement
  ■Basic procurement policies
In our procurement activities, Sanyo Special Steel complies with all relevant laws, conducts an open-door policy across the board, regardless of whether in Japan or overseas, and conducts fair and equitable transactions as we strive to build partnerships with our suppliers. We also promote environmentally-friendly procurement activities.
1 . Compliance with laws, regulations, and social norms
In addition to complying with all relevant laws and regulations, as well as social norms, and acting in good faith, we manage any information obtained in the course of a transaction in a proper manner. We will also ensure that any relationships with anti-social forces posing a threat to the order and security of civil society are not allowed to continue.
2 . Fair and equitable trading
Regardless of whether in Japan or overseas, Sanyo Special Steel conducts an open-door policy across the board, providing all suppliers with the opportunity to participate and conducting transactions based on economic rationale.
3 . Building partnerships
Sanyo Special Steel conducts transactions with all its suppliers on a fair and equal basis as we strive to maintain and improve mutual understanding and trust and aim for mutual development as business partners.
4 . Promotion of environmentally-friendly procurement activities
In collaboration with our suppliers, we are building a system that ensures we do not purchase raw materials, other materials, or machine parts that contain hazardous chemicals.
  Tin
Tantalum Tungsten
G old
                                               The Group promotes procurement activities based on its Basic Procurement Policy, ensures compliance with laws and social norms, conducts fair and equitable transactions widely, with an open-door policy regardless of whether it be in Japan or overseas, and promotes environmentally-friendly procurement activities with our suppliers. These days we are required to contribute to the sustainability of society in various forms as part of our corporate social responsibility. The Group has identified principles for“sustainable procurement”such as accountability, transparency, respect for human rights, and ethical behavior in the procurement of raw materials and services, and these principles are reflected in our procurement decisions. In addition, we strive to maintain and improve mutual understanding and trust with our suppliers as we aim for mutual development as business partners; and through stronger partnerships, we endeavor to realize“sustainable procurement”that will contribute to the sustainability of business operations for all our suppliers.
Implementation of a supplier awards (to strengthen partnerships)
Sanyo Special Steel believes that building good trading relationships with suppliers is essential for sustainable procurement and values its partnerships with suppliers. As part of this, we have set up an award scheme for suppliers. Under the supplier award scheme, we comprehensively evaluate a number of factors to select suppliers who have attained outstanding achievements and present them with an award. The scheme covers raw materials, various other materials, maintenance, and outsourcing services supplied to each division, and the factors used in evaluations include the quality, cost competitiveness, delivery deadline management, business status of the supplier, environmental measures taken, and service provided with regard to transactions carried out with Sanyo Special Steel over a fixed period of time. On June 20, 2019, we held the second“Supplier Awards Ceremony”and awards were presented to six companies that had made outstanding achievements.
      Responsible procurement
 
Procurement of ferro-alloys considered to be“conflict minerals”
“Conflict minerals”indicate four minerals mined in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and its neighboring countries; these are tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold, and they are referred to as 3TG (from their initials). There are concerns that some of the profits from the trade in 3TG are used as a source of funding for militia groups, contributing to human rights violations and conflict. While we purchase tantalum and tungsten needed in the manufacture of special steel, we check through our suppliers that any purchases are“DRC conflict-free”(i.e. not used to fund militia groups.) In addition, if customers ask whether our products are“DRC conflict-free,” then we issue a statement declaring them to be so using the
   Initiatives for the construction of a reliable procurement framework
Sanyo Special Steel factories are usually in production 24 hours a day. Consequently, with the collaboration of our suppliers, we use a 24-hour system to take delivery of scrap iron (our main raw material). We also procure the required amounts of ferro- alloys and supplementary material when needed. In anticipation of the risk of disruptions to supplies due to disasters and other factors, we try to gain an understanding of production conditions, production locations, delivery routes, and other information for our key procurement items through initiatives such as visiting our suppliers’factories. We also regularly share information on procurement items with suppliers, and we have established a sustainable production system for times of emergency by securing prompt replacements in the event of an emergency and by holding an appropriate amount of stock on our premises.
DRC countries
     “Conflict Mineral Report Template.”
3TG
       23
24

           C
  onfidence with employees
   To ensure sustainable growth of a company,“human resource development”and“the creation of a work-friendly environment that takes health and safety into account”are important. In order to create a work-friendly environment that takes health and safety into account, we are working to prevent occupational accidents, provide mental health care, and promote a work-life balance, among other initiatives, to develop an environment where various human resources can play an active part. In addition, and most importantly, as a manufacturing company, we are committed to creating a safe workplace.
Furthermore, the Group needs human resources who can“think autonomously,”regulating themselves and thinking and acting independently. The requirements for this are self-direction and the spirit to take on a challenge. In order to realize this, under our basic policy of“developing employees and make full use of their potential, ”we not only offer various training in accordance with job role and career, but we have also adopted a personnel system that encourages a strong desire for self-growth and the achievement of goals in our employees and allows them to always challenge high-level problems.
Active participation
We have set a goal to raise the ratio of female staff to 25% by the end of March 2028, utilizing them as a valuable asset. To achieve this goal, we have increased the areas where women play an active role by systematically recruiting female employees and expanding the range of their work, while introducing a system that allows women to continue working by alleviating pressure on them during life events by offering childcare leave, childcare allowances, and shorter working hours. In addition, we have been conducting in- house training to promote awareness of female employees and create an organizational culture that makes it easier for them to play active roles. In 2017 we conducted“Career Training for Women,”a training program to raise awareness of career development for women aimed at female employees in non-managerial general and technical job roles, as well as a supporting program“Management Training for Line Managers” aimed at reforming the attitude of line managers with female employees.
Pregnancy / Birth / Childcare System Timeline
 Creating a work-friendly environment
 of women
    Human resource development
Personnel system:
Establishing work tasks and training themes through dialog
During personnel appraisals at the company, we naturally discuss final outcomes, but in addition, we also place emphasis on questions such as“Did you set high goals and strive to achieve them?”or“Did you carry out a definitive process to achieve your goals?”in the appraisal in order to foster self-direction and the spirit to take on a challenge in our employees. Employees’work tasks and topics are established through dialogue with their line manager, which allows them to clarify goals and make efforts to improve their skills. This approach also leads to a strengthening of the relationship of trust between managers and their staff. At Sanyo Special Steel, we also support the self-realization of each individual through a self-assessment system in which individual employees can state their own aspirations regarding job and workplace options through career design talks and interviews for junior employees.
Training for international personnel
In response to the globalization of the business environment, we are accelerating our training of human resources capable of performing on the international stage. We are carrying out various initiatives, including the dispatch of young employees to overseas affiliates, systematic foreign language training for new employees, and the dispatch of selected candidates to overseas universities, graduate schools, and research institutes to study or on temporary assignment. In FY2018, we started short-term, language study programs in abroad for selected employees. In addition to efforts to improve language proficiency, we will enhance our training programs on themes for acquiring international sensitivity through experience and promote the development of international human resources.
    Ratio of female staff
13.9
%
(As of March 31, 2019)
Woman
End of 4 year old year
male
3rd grade elementary school
Man and woman
 ■FY2018 training pick-up
■ Basic training for managers
Since FY2018, we have been conducting basic training for those in managerial positions of Group Manager/Section Manager and above on the basic financial and product knowledge that they should have. By enhancing their understanding of areas in which they have little daily involvement, we aim to develop managers with diverse values and the right judgment to support them. We believe that this type of training to expand their scope of knowledge is essential for the growth of the company, and we will continue to work on it.
■ Follow-up training for new employees
In order to supplement on-the-job training (OJT), we conduct off-the-job training (Off-JT) for different grades and age-groups. In 2018, we started to conduct“follow-up training for new employees.”The purpose of this training is for new employees to reflect on the time that they have spent with company, since they joined to the present, and to identify their own strengths and issues through self-diagnosis testsleading to an improvement in future behavior and promoting growth among new employees and better retention rates in the workplace. Moving forward, we will continue to enhance training to raise skills in the workplace.
 pregnancy birth
1 year old
2 year old
3 year old
End of year
6rd grade elementary school
End of year
   Breaks for pregnant employees (extended time in addition to normal breaks; up to one hour a day Maternity and postpartum leave (early pregnancy to 8 weeks after childbirth)
Leave for maternity check-ups (special leave)
Protection measures for pregnant employees
(working considerations such as reassignment and shorter working times)
Maternity leave (special leave; up to 3 days)
Child-rearing break (up to the end of the fiscal year when the child turns 3)
a day)
Child-care time (30 minutes at a time,
, up to twice a day)
elementary school)
    up to twice
 Shorter working hours to allow for child-care (up to the end of the fiscal year when the child enters third grade at
 Leave to nurse a child (limited to 5 days a year for one child, or 10 days a year for two children; reinstated annual leave or special leave)
 Exemption from/restrictions to overtime hours (up to 24 hours a month, or 150 hours per year)
 Exemption from late night shifts
     25
26
                                     
                         Confidence with employees
     Rate of paid leave taken
64.5
% (FY2018)
                                      Achieving a work-life balance
The“Work-Style Reform Related Bill”passed by the National Diet in 2018 has been being rolled out since April 2019. “Work-style reforms”such as the prohibition of long working hours, properly managed working hours, and the obligation for employees to take a certain number of annual leave days have become increasingly important in terms of achieving a work- life balance. Sanyo Special Steel promotes Wednesdays as“no- overtime days”and promotes increased productivity in a bid to reduce overtime hours, as well as encouraging employees to improve the rate of paid leave taken. In terms of the amount of paid leave taken in particular, the figure at Sanyo Special Steel has already topped 60% (with a result of 64.5% in FY2018) compared to the national average of 51.1%; and we are working to achieve the target of“70% to be taken by 2020”as set by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare. Furthermore, as well as encouraging employees to take blocks of paid leave or incremental leave and establishing a system that exceeds statutory requirements for maternity leave, childcare leave, and nursing care leave, etc., we are also striving to achieve a work- life balance for each and every employee by creating a work
environment and culture that makes it easier to take this leave.
as the“White 500”). Moving forward, we aim to be a company that inspires ever-more confidence as we continue to prioritize the health and safety of our employees (a major assumption of our corporate philosophy of“Confidence-based Management”) and promote the creation of workplaces that improve the mental and physical health of our employees and allow them to work in an energetic manner.
Extend employment program
Sanyo Special Steel has established a extend employment program for employee who reaches the age of 65. Making active use of certain older staff members who are healthy, wanting to work, and capable of performing their jobs not only means that they continue to work as a valued member of the staff and transfer skills and techniques, but is also consistent with the concept of diversity. As of April 1, 2019, there were 40“senior citizen partners”active across various work sites.
Employment of Disabled Persons
We promote the employment of people with disabilities in a bid to achieve a society where everyone can enjoy an active working life.
We not only promote recruitment initiatives in conjunction with Hello Work (the Japanese government’s Employment Service Center) and special support schools, etc., but we are also constantly making efforts to improve the work environment in both hard and soft aspects. In addition, any employee certified as disabled after joining the company is offered support to keep working, with consideration given to his/her work content and working hours.
             Promoting health-conscious management
At Sanyo Special Steel, we view employee health management from a business point of view and invest in health initiatives based on the Industrial Safety and Health Act in order to help revitalize the organization by improving employees’ energy and productivity.Mental and physical disorders among employees not only cause a fall in productivity but may also lead to an outflow of human resources as employees take leaves of absence or leave the company. Employees are provided with statutory health examinations, metabolic tests, health advice, and similar resources. Furthermore, we have been conducting on-going mandatory stress check-ups since FY2016. The results of tests on staff members are used to conduct an aggregated analysis, and we recommend that employees with high levels of stress see an occupational physician. In addition, we have a mental health help-desk, provide treatment to help employees stop smoking, and also provide dietary counseling among other initiatives. In recognition of these positive initiatives, in February 2019, Sanyo Special Steel was selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi for certification as“an outstanding management company in the field of employee health for 2019 (large enterprise category)”(commonly known
     27
28

                       Confidence with employees
      Creating a safe workplace Disaster prevention initiatives
          As a manufacturing enterprise, our Group believes that“safety”should be afforded top priority above all. Evidence of this is the way that employees greet each other with“Keep Safe!”to impart a sense of safety in one another. In order to put our corporate philosophy of“Corporate-based Management”into practice, our goal is to achieve“no accidents at all over the year”under the Group’s safety activities. We believe that we need to achieve a total absence of accidents throughout the year across the entire Group in order to build relationships of trust with various stakeholders and to achieve sustainable growth for the Group. All employees need to work together on safety activities, and if even one person is left out, then the goal cannot be achieved. There are no short-cuts in safety activities. Our objective is to achieve a whole year that is totally free of accidents by building up safety activities in the Group day-by-day to create a workplace where all employees are safe and can work with peace of mind.
Many employees work at our company, where we have various types of facilities and equipment. In addition to establishing a regular fire and disaster prevention management system, we take various steps to prevent accidents and stop the spread of (minimize) damage when a disaster does occur. For example, we have developed manuals in preparation for possible plant accidents such as fires or explosions and natural disasters such as earthquakes, and we hold regular disaster drills, among other measures.
The basic policy for FY2018 was“to aim to raise awareness of fire and disaster prevention measures through drills and training and create a workplace culture and staff well able to respond to disaster situations,”with the following four points set as priority items.
“Enhance fire and disaster prevention management” “Enhance management of facilities at high risk of fire,
explosion, or leakage”
“Improve capacity to respond to disasters through on-going
training and drills for fire and disaster prevention” “Enhance disaster prevention measures by using specialist
disaster prevention teams.”
Based on these priority management items, we have been working hard to enhance and strengthen disaster prevention management systems to prepare for emergencies while, at the same time, conducting on-going activities that emphasize increased awareness of disaster prevention.
Initiatives to heighten disaster prevention and readiness awareness
To further enhance disaster prevention and readiness awareness among staff, the company holds workshops each year for fire prevention officers and disaster prevention officers as well as workshops for supervisors and officers responsible for hazardous materials. We are making efforts to improve the level of control of small and minute amounts of hazardous materials at licensed facilities by providing direct instruction to workplace managers and those responsible for handling hazardous materials and high-pressure gas.
At the workshop for fire and disaster prevention officers held in September, we provided guidance on how to prevent and respond to secondary disasters in the event of a disaster involving low concentrations of oxygen, and how to perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation and AED (Automated External Defibrillator) procedures. We also publicized the location of the on-site AED.
In addition, we worked on 3S activities in licensed facilities for hazardous materials and high-pressure gas equipment, with June and March designated as the months for improving controls in the licensed facilities, and October the designated month for improving controls on high-pressure gas equipment. In the workshop for supervisors and officers responsible for the security of hazardous materials, which was held in July, we made sure that 3S activities for facilities licensed for hazardous materials, etc. were extensively publicized, and we also reconfirmed the roles that supervisors and officers responsible for security should play. Moving forward, we will continue to
promote further awareness of disaster prevention issues among employees through these disaster prevention training programs and control enhancement activities.
In FY2018, we held a first-aid course for operating managers, in the first initiative of its kind. The course provided training on critical care / cardiopulmonary resuscitation (chest compressions / use of AED), preventing blood loss, and other first-aid related topics. The course received good feed-back from participants, and we intend to make it a regular event in the future.
Conducting disaster drills
The equipment and hazardous materials used at our company differ from workplace to workplace. Furthermore, awareness of disaster prevention, as well as experience in disaster prevention, varies widely among employees, not to mention new employees participating in disaster prevention training for the first time. In addition, the scale of a disaster may require coordination with affiliated companies. In view of this, when conducting disaster prevention drills, we identify appropriate emergency situations to ensure that drills are more specific and practical.
Typical disaster prevention drills in FY2018
In FY2018, we conducted a large number of drills, including a large-scale earthquake disaster drill, a joint factory disaster drill with the Shikama Fire Department, and initial firefighting drills at each workplace.
 ■2019 Comprehensive Health and Safety Management Policy
■Basic policy To develop a workplace culture and staff good at making changes to allow workplace standards, working methods, and the work environment to be revised.
■Slogan Pause before you act, and work safely with good command of your emotions and your physical state (in how you work) ■Three safety principles Stop, Step Back, Check Hands & Feet̶then double-check that it is really safe
■Goal To achieve a total absence of accidents Occupation accidents“0” Accidents on the way to work“0” ■Initiatives
[1] To gain an understanding of the actual working conditions at each worksite and review work methods, work standards, and work environments
 ( i ) Review work operations that show consistency between written work standards and work methods to discover risks and make things safer.  ( i i ) Identify and optimize any work operations that show an inconsistency between written work standards and work methods.
 (iii) Identify work operations with no written work standards and unclear work methods and create work standards for such operations  (iv) Identify areas where there are problems in the work environment and where work operations cannot be performed safely in accordance
with written work standards and make improvements to the work environment
[2] Enhance grade-based safety training in order to create a safety-conscious organization and staff
 ( i ) Conduct safety training for“senior citizen partners”
 (ii) Conduct safety training for staff in their 5th year of service with the company
 (iii) Conduct safety training for those acting as team leaders
 (iv) Provide on-going training for each level
[3] Activities unique to each section to strengthen the safety culture in that section
     29
30
Occupational health and safety activities - to ensure safety -
Simulated experience training center for safety
We have established a simulated experience training center for safety that allows us to simulate dangers in a bid to eradicate occupational accidents. In 2018, 2,655 employees were trained at the center, and to date the total is 23,736. In 2018, we installed VR (virtual reality) equipment to give a more realistic experience. Moving forward, we will add new training content to allow us to consider the importance of hazard
avoidance with our members of staff.
Grade-based training
Safety knowledge, risk behavior, and sensitivity to hazards, etc. vary for each age group and grade. Consequently, we need to conduct specialist training for each respective grade. In addition to the grade-based training held the year before, in 2019 we also introduced training for three more grades of employee: senior citizen partners (workers aged 65 and over), staff in their 5th year of service with the company, and those acting as team leaders.
The purpose of the drill was to help ensure safety during a major earthquake/tsunami and deal with the injured, as well as to provide training on early measures to help restore business operations. On the day of the drill, a Disaster Response Headquarters was set up in the lecture hall at the head office to centralize the collection of damage reports from respective departments and data on overall damage using wireless communications, as well as to collect information from branch offices and branches.
In November, we held a disaster drill at the Billet rolling plant in conjunction with the Shikama Fire Department, based on the scenario of a fire occurring at the plant. A series of drills were practiced, including initial firefighting work by the occupational fire-fighting unit, firefighting activities and the rescue of injured persons by the self-defense fire brigade and the public fire brigade, and the sending/receiving of information by the Disaster Response Headquarters. Moving forward, we will continue to work towards improving our response skills to help prevent fires/disasters in the workplace by practicing these kinds of disaster drills.
Key initiatives to ensure safety
Measures to prevent intrusion into areas within equipment’s scope of movement
In order to prevent accidental intrusion into equipment operating areas while machinery is running, we have installed safety fences, safety plug switches (that stop equipment automatically when a door is opened), door switches that confirm all is safe (that only allow the door to be unlocked once equipment has completely stopped running), and indicator lights to show if the power to equipment is“on”or
“off,”and we ensure that doors are locked in order to prevent disaster being caused by human error. Moving forward, will we continue to roll out these measures to other operating areas to help prevent disasters.
•Disaster drills for major earthquakes
We conducted a major earthquake disaster drill on September 3 based on the scenario of a huge earthquake and tsunami alert, with the epicenter in the Nankai Trough.
   •Disaster drill held at plant in conjunction with the Shikama Fire Department
  out i
    71
 Disaster drills carried
n FY2
018
Risk management in emergency situations
                             
     E
          nvironmental management
        Sanyo Special Steel formulates an environmental policy that forms the basis of the company’s environmental conservation activities. Based on this policy, we create plans to improve environmental conservation and use environmental management systems in initiatives to tackle global warming, recycle by-products, and help prevent environmental pollution in a bid to mitigate environmental risks.
In addition, we not only help recycle metal resources by manufacturing products using scrap iron as the main raw material, but we also promote goods that are manufactured to help reduce the burden on the environment, using components and mold dies that have a longer life and are smaller in size and lighter in weight.
Plans for improvements in environmental conservation
Plans for improvements in environmental conservation and FY2018 results
           Topics
Energy-saving and global warming prevention measures
Recycling of by- products
Compliance with statutory laws and regulations
Education and development activities for employees
Promotion of information disclosure
Medium-term projection(s 2017-2019)
•Reductions in CO2 emissions resulting from the promotion of energy-saving measures
(Goal: 2.6% reduction in FY2020 compared to BAU*) *Business as usual (if no special measures are taken)
•Reduction in volume of dust and sludge sent to landfill •Improve percentage of brick waste recycled
•Compliance with regulatory standards  (Water Pollution Prevention Act, and the Air Pollution Control Act, etc.)
•Regular education and development activities for employees
•Increase in the number of staff holding official environmental qualifications
•Regular publication of environmental reports •Cooperation with environmental agencies
such as local government bodies
FY 2018 Resultst
•Amount of reduction in CO2 emissions: 2.83% vs BAU •Updating large fans with high-efficiency fans •Switch to LED lighting
•Use of inverters in on-site water supply pumps
Self-Assessment
   〇〇〇 •Outsourcing of dust recycling to sub-contractor 〇〇
 ■Environmental policy
(Philosophy)
We recognize that environmental issues such as global warming; air, water, and soil contamination; and waste problems are serious issues shared by all of humanity. As a company located in a richly endowed environment that faces Himeji Castle, a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a national treasure of Japan in the north, and the Setonaikai National Park in the south, we are committed to caring for the preservation of the environment and contributing to building a sustainable society in every stage of our business activities.
(Policy)
Bearing in mind that we are a company with plants that manufacture and sell special steel and non-ferrous metals, we undertake environmental management based on the following policy.
1) We will contribute to the recycling of metal resources by manufacturing steel products using iron scrap as the main raw
material.
2) In addition to complying with laws, regulations, and agreements related to the environment, we will make ongoing
efforts to enhance our environmental management framework to improve our environmental performance, and we will
responsibly control any business activities that may have an adverse impact on the environment.
3) We will make efforts to reduce our impact on the environment in all stages of our business activities, and we will actively promote resource and energy savings, the recycling of byproducts and reduction of waste material, and the control of pollutant and greenhouse gas emissions to contribute to conservation of the environment and mitigation of climate change. Moreover, we will strive to prevent environmental pollution by developing products that will contribute
to reducing our impact on the environment.
4) In our environmental conservation activities, we will pay particular attention to the education of each and every
employee in environmental awareness.
5) To achieve this environmental policy, we will set environmental targets and review them at least once a year, and we
will revise these targets as necessary.
6) We will ensure that all employees are thoroughly familiar with this environmental policy through education and training,
and we will appoint the General Manager of Environmental Management as the Environmental System Management Officer.
      •Use of brick waste as heat-resistance raw 〇〇 material
•Attainment of regulatory standards in all items 〇〇〇 •Implementation of activities to beautify the 〇〇〇
local area (approx. 270 participants)
•Registration of data into carbon footprint
calculator for individual households (30 〇〇〇 participants)
•On-going initiatives to increase the number
of staff with managerial qualifications in the 〇 prevention of pollution
•Release of“CSR Report 2018”and publication 〇〇〇 on website
              Self-Assessment: The level to which targets have been achieved are classified under 3 stages ○○○:Plans have been met ○○:Good progress is being made to achieve plans
○:Further initiatives will be undertaken to achieve plans
Environmental accounting
We collated costs for environmental conservation initiatives undertaken in FY2018 in accordance with guidelines from the Ministry of the Environment.
Maintenance and administration costs for environmentally- friendly equipment such as dust collection units and water treatment facilities and the cost of recycling/disposing of by- products amounted to approximately 3.3 billion yen. We also invest approximately 400 million yen in installing dust collection units in continuous casting sheds and in energy-saving initiatives such as switching to high-efficiency fans in dust collection units and using inverters in pump motors. Moving forward, we intend to continue to implement initiatives concerned with the conservation of the environment.
Activities for developing environmental awareness
•Implementation of“Environment Month” events
〇〇〇
  Acquisition of ISO14001 Certification
We have acquired ISO14001 Certification. This is the international standard for environmental management systems, and we are making efforts to establish this standard through our annual internal audit and external audit. During the internal audit, junior staff members are also in attendance at audit sites, which helps them understand the environmental management system. We are also making efforts to improve the system. We also focus on on-going training to facilitate the smooth change from one generation to another of internal auditors. In 2017, an external audit reviewed our transition to ISO14001:2015 and assessed that our Environmental Management System was being properly maintained and effectively utilized, allowing us to complete migration to the standard.
Promotion of the Environmental Management System
The Environmental Conservation Committee
Each year we hold a meeting of our Environmental Conservation Committee to enhance environmental management and mitigate environmental risk. The Committee is chaired by the director in charge of the Environment Division, and its members also include the General Manager of the Production Division and the General Manager of the
Administration Division, and it discusses the formulation of basic guidelines on environmental conservation and matters on basic initiatives. The contents of the Committee’s discussions are reported to the Corporate Policy Committee
Environmental Liaison Meetings
Once a month, an Environmental Liaison Meeting is held to share information on the environment; those attending include the Chief Officer for Environmental Systems, executive officers, and department heads. The meetings collate information on the matters listed below and attempt to mitigate environmental risks.
(i) Status of responses to points identified in environmental
We believe that raising every employee’s awareness of the environment is important in tackling our environmental conservation activities, and we conduct regular training for new employees and grade-based environmental workshops. We have also established a reward program to encourage employees to obtain qualifications related to environmental conservation such as those for pollution prevention managers, and we have also been working to have employees calculate carbon footprints for their own households.
   ii iii
iv
checks
Results of assessments on compliance with statutory laws and regulations
We share results on air and effluent measurements, etc. prescribed by law or under agreed protocols.
Status of industrial waste treatment and results of inspections on industrial waste disposal facilities
We share information on the status of industrial waste treatment and the results of inspections on industrial waste disposal facilities run by sub-contractors.
Amendments to the latest environmental laws
(Million of yen)
Categories
1 .Costs within business areas
2 .Upstream/downstream costs
3 .Cost of administrative activities
4 .R&D costs
5 .Cost of social activities
6 .Cost of addressing environmental damage
Total
Expenses
3,093 0 158 27 17 12 3,307
Investment
383 0 0 0 0 0 383
        31
32
                              
                                  Initiatives to prevent climate change    Contributing to a resource-recycling society
   〈Specific initiatives〉
・Use of rail transport for the Tohoku area ・Use of freight ships for transport to interim
warehouses set up in the areas of Kanto, Chubu,
Shikoku, Chugoku, and Kyushu
・Switch from trucks to barges for transport to Kobe
Port where export vessels depart.
                                      Initiatives to reduce the amount of CO2 emissions
Sanyo Special Steel is involved in efforts to reduce CO2emissions (one of the greenhouse gases (GHG)) as part of its initiatives on climate change. Under our medium-term business plan (2017-2019), we aim to cut CO2 emissions by 2.6% compared to BAU (business as usual - the scenario where no special measures are taken) by 2020. Results for FY2018 show a reduction of 2.83% has been achieved, and we are making renewed efforts to achieve the target for FY2020. In addition, we have continued to promote energy-saving initiatives such as the switch in fuel from heavy crude oil to town gas, increased use of regenerative burners for heating furnaces, and the use of inverters in large motors (revolution controlled), and through these initiatives, we have reduced unit emissions of CO2 by 13% per ton of crude steel in comparison with FY2005. As a result of these initiatives, we have been recognized as an“S-class”business operator (the top rank for companies making outstanding energy-savings) for the fourth consecutive year under the assessment program run by the Ministry of the Economy, Trade and Industry, a program that grades and classifies business operators.
Reducing CFCs (Chlorofluorocarbons)
CFCs are used in our commercial air conditioners. As one of the GHGs, CFCs are deemed to contribute to global warming when released into the atmosphere. In accordance with Act on the Control of CFC Emissions, Sanyo Special Steel conducts inspections for“specified Class 1 products”on our commercial air conditioners and other equipment as we work to ensure proper control of CFC gases.
Reducing the load on the environment when transporting products
Reducing CO2 emissions does not just involve manufacturing processes but also essential initiatives on the logistics front. We believe that the choice of transportation method when shipping products is a particularly important point for reducing the load on the environment on the logistics front. Consequently, we are working to promote the use of rail transport and freight ships on the assumption that product quality can be ensured; rail transport allows CO2 reductions to be reduced by around 90% compared to transportation by truck, and freight ships provide a reduction of around 80% compared to the same. Of all the shipments that Sanyo Special Steel makes itself, transport by freight ship accounts for a significantly higher percentage than the average for the manufacturing sector.
Special steel products created from recycled materials
We use electric arc furnace steel-making (which uses iron scrap as a main ingredient) to manufacture special steel, contributing to the recycling and effective use of iron resources. Scrap iron accounts for around 80% of our raw materials, and if materials recycled internally are included, around 95% of our raw materials are recycled products.
Initiatives to reduce by-products
In FY2018, the amount of by-products generated by our production activities was 253,000 tons, and the amount processed, including the volume sold, was 256,000 tons. By- products include electric furnace slag, scale, dust, brick waste, and sludge. Based on the 3 R (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) concept, we encourage recycling of these by-products and, of the amount processed in FY2018, approximately 91% was either recycled or reduced down by incineration, with the remaining amount, approximately 9%, finally being disposed of in landfills. Moving forward, we will work to expand the use of by-products in new applications in order to reduce disposal in landfills.
Recycling slag from electric arc furnaces
We promote the recycling of electric furnace slag generated as a by-product of the manufacturing process, and by ensuring reliable quality in the product and responding to a diverse range of needs, we have been able to maintain a 100% recycling rate of this resource. Our electric furnace slag products are used mainly as roadbed material for roads and as an asphalt aggregate instead of natural resources such as stone and sand. Moving forward, we expect it to be used as a raw material in
“inhibitors”to control foam expansion of molten steel and by local authorities as a recycled aggregate for paved surfaces.
 We use pressurized steam-aging facilities to pressurize our furnace slag products to the highest level in Japan in a process that effectively stabilizes any expansion in the products. In addition, we use a classification machine that can sort electric furnace products into six stages simultaneously, from coarse-grained aggregate to fine grains, and multi-functional classification equipment made up of a granulator that chamfers aggregate particles to adjust grain size and improve resistance to wear. Using these manufacturing processes, we provide customers with high-quality electric furnace slag products.
 Moving forward, we intend to focus on realizing a sustainable society as we continue to comply with the Nippon Slag Association’s“Guidelines for Management of Iron and Steel Slag Products”and not only deploy management systems across all areas including manufacturing, quality, and sales, but also submit to reviews by third-party organizations to enhance management systems and further improve reliability.
               CO2 emissions per unit of crude steel
 (CO2-kg/t) 750
703
2005
Reduce
Reduce usage of resources such as electricity and gas
Reduce generation of waste
3R
  700 650 600 550
637
2013
631
2014
636
2015
614
2016
608
2017
611
2018 (FY)
Recycle
Utilize scrap raw material
Reuse
Reuse water Reuse by-products
■ By-product throughput
                     Recycle by-products
 ■ By-product generation
g
E
E
g
l
l
e
e
c
c
t
t
r
r
i
i
c
f
c
f
u
u
r
r
n
n
a
a
c
c
e
s
e
s
l
l
a
a
     33
34
17%
8% 5% 2% 1%
FY2018
253,000t
9%
FY2018
Electric furnace slag brick waste
scale sludge
67%
dust Other
Recycling
91% Landfill disposal
256,000t
Road using electric furnace slag products

                            Moves to reduce the load on the environment
          Efficient use of water resources
Water is vital for the manufacture of our products. It is used to cool steel and equipment, and also as a source of power for equipment. In recognition of the fact that water is a limited resource, we reuse more than 90% of the water employed in our production processes. Contaminated water that has been used in the factory is sent to an on-site treatment facility to be purified. After this, the purified water is reused in the factory, while the remainder undergoes further treatment before being released into public waterways. At the point where the water drains into the public waterways, there is a system that takes automatic measurements to constantly monitor pH levels, turbidity, chemical oxygen demand (COD), nitrogen, and phosphorus, and if levels go beyond our voluntary in-house management standards then an alert is issued to allow the officer in charge to deal with the issue in a prompt manner.
In addition, the water is regularly analyzed for harmful substances, etc. by an external organization as part of our efforts to manage water quality and prevent water pollution.
Chemical oxygen demand in wastewate(r COD)
Reduction of emission of air pollutants
At facilities that generate soot and smoke, we have achieved SOx (sulfur oxide) emissions well below the levels agreed on with the Himeji City council by switching the fuel from heavy crude oil with high sulfur content to LNG (town gas) which contains almost no sulfur. In a bid to reduce NOx (nitrogen oxide) emissions, we are using low NOx burners and implementing proper combustion controls, among other initiatives. We have also introduced units that automatically measure NOx in a system that enables us to constantly monitor heating furnaces, which produce large volumes of emissions.
Furthermore, revisions to the Air Pollution Control Act in April 2018 stipulated that operators should voluntarily reduce emissions of mercury concentrations in exhaust gases from electric steel-making furnaces. Sanyo Special Steel regularly measures and records mercury concentrations in accordance with the voluntary standards recommended by the Japan Iron and Steel Federation to confirm that the concentrations meet voluntary control standards.
In terms of dust collection facilities, we are working on initiatives to increase and enhance equipment capacity, such as the installation of dust collection units in continuous casting sheds in FY2018.
We also use traditional methods of dealing with dust that include patrols by water sprinkler vehicles and street sweepers to help prevent the dust scattering.
硫黄酸化物の排出量
Sulfur oxide emissions
       (thousand m³N) 40 66.5
30 57 20
10
0 2005
Agreement value with Himeji City
      窒素酸化物の排出量
2.1 1.5
2017 2018(FY)
Agreement value with Himeji City
127.3 148.9 150.0 122.2 120.0
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018(FY)
1.3 0.003 0.2
2014 2015 2016
 Nitrogen oxide emissions
(thousand m³N)
300
253 250
200 158.9 150
100 50
0 2005
        concentration(mg/l) 12.0
10.0
Prefectural ordinance (addition criteria)
Wastewater treatment facility
Appropriate controls on chemical substances
In accordance with the PRTR* Act, we monitor the amount of chemical substances released and transferred. Volumes are reported to the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, and we also work on initiatives to curtail the amount released. Furthermore, PCB waste is properly stored and controlled in accordance with the PCB Special Measures Act and, in addition, all applicable equipment is systematically updated/disposed of to ensure disposal is completed by the deadlines stipulated in the Act.
* PRTR (Pollutant Release and Transfer Register): a statutory system that
promotes improvements in the monitoring and management of the amounts of specified chemical substances emitted into the environment
   8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0
0
3.2 2.6 2.5 2.5
2014 2015 2016 2017
2.9
2018 (FY)
Environmental risk management
      Suspended particulate matter in wastewate(r SS)
Environmental patrols
Once a month, a team made up of the Chief Officer for Environmental Systems, executive officers, department managers, pollution prevention managers, and others conducts patrols, primarily around our manufacturing sites. We aim to reduce environmental risks by responding to the issues raised by the patrols at individual manufacturing sites.
(i) Checks for significant environmental aspects
Patrols are conducted on processes and equipment with significant environmental aspects and inspections are carried out on equipment, management of measuring devices, and written work standards as we work to improve management levels and mitigate risk.
(ii) Checks on emergency drills
Emergency drills are carried out to check if there are any issues with emergency procedures, and in addition, we verify that there are no defects in equipment and instruments.
(iii) Patrols attended by the President
Once a year, an environmental patrol is conducted with the President in attendance. In FY2018, this patrol included checks on the management of significant environmental aspects in manufacturing plants, energy-saving initiatives, and initiatives to reduce by-products.
Responding to amendments in environmental laws
As stated in our environmental policy, compliance with statutory laws and regulations is a key assumption of our business activities. If there are any legal amendments related to our business, we revise our in-house environmental standards and ensure that all stakeholders receive appropriate training, among other initiatives.
June is“Environment Month”when we hold a“Study Workshop on Environmental Laws and Regulations”to which we invite section managers from across the company and environmental managers from group companies to ensure that they have a better understanding of statutory compliance obligations.
(Example of response to a legal amendment)
・Soil Contamination Countermeasures Act (April 2019
amendment)
Content of amendment :
 Expansion of opportunities for soil contamination surveys Our response :
 Details of the statutory amendment were disseminated
across the whole company at the Study Workshop on Environmental Laws and Regulations held in June.
   concentration(mg/l) 35.0
30.0
25.0
Prefectural ordinance (addition criteria)
     20.0 15.0 10.0
5.0 0
3.7 0.6 0.8
2014 2015 2016
0.6
2017
0.6
2018 (FY)
  Amount of transfer outside the business place
1,189t
Amount of emissions into the atmosphere
190t
Amount of emissions
 into
public waterways
 16
 t
 Nitrogen concentration in wastewate
concentration(mg/l)
Proper disposal of waste
Sanyo Special Steel subcontracts services to industrial waste disposal companies that can dispose of waste in a proper manner, and we conduct checks to ensure that subcontractors hold the appropriate licenses as well as preliminary inspections of their disposal facilities. In addition, we check that our waste is being disposed of in an appropriate manner through regular inspections of disposal facilities and by confirming industrial waste disposal conditions in a manifest. We have introduced a manifest in electronic format to ensure that operations are running properly, and we make every effort to separate waste at the sites where waste is generated.
 70.0 60.0 50.0 40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0
0
Legal standards (No additional standards for prefectural regulations)
     7.1
2014
7.0
2015
8.1
2016
7.9
2017
7.5
2018 (FY)
   35
36
                      
                                                     Corporate Governance
The Sanyo Special Steel Group practices a basic philosophy of“Confidence-based Management”and, by supplying useful steel products to society at large, we aim to achieve sustainable growth and increase corporate value over the medium-to-long term as we support the development of the global economy, while also building a recycling-oriented society and focusing on environmental conservation.
We recognize that proper corporate governance is essential as a management platform to achieve this and, in light of this, we are working to ensure the development, operation, and on-going improvement of corporate governance as we promote the establishment of a corporate governance system suited to our business by improving efficiency, soundness, and transparency in our management.
Fundamental thoughts on corporate governance
In order to ensure further confidence among our stakeholders, including shareholders, consumers, and the local community, Sanyo Special Steel has developed a corporate governance structure suited to the Group’s business, and we will work to enhance corporate governance in a bid to improve efficiency, soundness, and transparency in our management.
Corporate Governance System
Sanyo Special Steel is a company with an Audit and Supervisory Board, which supervises how directors execute their duties, and a Board of Directors that consists of nine directors, including two independent outside directors. The Board of Directors meets regularly (at monthly meetings) and as required (at ad hoc meetings) to decide important matters concerning the execution of business. We also set up company-wide committees and meetings to discuss important operational matters. These include the Corporate Policy Committee (held twice a month in principle), which facilitates efficient decision-making on management, including at Board of Directors’meetings; the Risk Management Committee, which aims to ensure thorough compliance and further enhancements in corporate governance; the Security Trade Control Committee; and the Rewards and Sanctions Committee.
General Shareholders’Meeting Appointment/Dismissal
Officer
                        Representative Director and President
Higuchi Shinya
Director, Member of the Board Managing Executive Officer
Takahashi Kozo
In charge of the Secretariat Office, Corporate Planning Department, Accounting & Finance Department, Computer Systems Planning Office, Personnel & Labor Relations Department, General Administration Department, Internal Control & Audit Department, and Procurement Department.
Director, Member of the Board Managing Executive Officer
Oi Shigehiro
In charge of the Safety & Disaster Prevention Office, Environmental Management Department, Slag Products Manufacturing & Sales Office, Production Planning & Administration Department, Industrial Engineering Office, Equipment Department, Stealmaking Department, Bar & Wire Manufacturing Department, Tube Manufacturing Department.
Director, Member of the Board Managing Executive Officer
Director, Member of the Board Managing Executive Officer
           Omae Kozo
Yanagimoto Katsu
In charge of the Sales Planning
& Administration Department, Sales Department for Bearings, Sales Department for Automobiles & Industrial Machinery, Special Products Sales Department, Overseas Marketing Department, Osaka Branch, Nagoya branch, Hiroshima Branch, Kyushu Sales Office, and Formed & Fabricated Products Division.
In charge of the Metal Powder Manufacturing & Sales Division, Research & Development Center, Technical Planning & Administration Department, Quality Assurance Department, and Indian Business Administration Office.
      <Management/Supervision>
Board of Directors (including 2 outside directors )
Decision/ Supervision
Appointment/Dismissal <Audit/Supervision>
        Audit Appointment
Audit Supervisory Board (including 2 outside directors)
<Business execution>
Report
Evaluation
of the appropriateness of the account audit
Audit
Instruction
 Accounting Auditors (Accounting firm)
Report
Report
Internal Control Department (Internal audit)
Audit
※1 Outside Director, Member of the Board
※1 Outside Director, Member of the Board
Director, Member of the Board
Director, }Member of the Board
       Representative Director and President
Corporate Policy Committee Report Approvement
Various Committees / Meetings
・Risk Management Committee ・Capital Investment Committee ・Health and Safety Management
Committee
・Quality assurance management
Committee etc.
Proposal/ Instruction/ Report Approvement
Executive Officers
Report Instruction
Each department, Affiliated Companies
Autonomous internal control
Kobayashi Takashi
Onishi Tamae
Masumitsu Noriyuki
Tsuga Hiroshi
 Grounds for appointment ・Extensive experience and expertise
Grounds for appointment ・Rich experience and broad insight from key positions held in national
Grounds for appointment ・Rich experience and broad insight in management at NIPPON STEEL
Grounds for appointment ・Rich experience and broad
     Appointment Instruction
recommendations on the management of the company from a standpoint that is independent of the management team responsible for executing business
or national universities, etc.
・Able to supervise and make recommendations
in legal circles
・Able to supervise and make
and regional government agencies
TEXENG.CO.,LTD., or similar
insight cultivated at Nippon Steel Corporation
   Report
on the management of the company from a standpoint that is independent of the management team responsible for executing business
        Senior Audit & Supervisory Board Member
※2 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
※3 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
 Nagano Kazuhiko
Ohe Katsuaki
Yogi Hiroshi
Sonoda Hiroto
 Grounds for appointment ・Experience in a wide range of
Grounds for appointment ・Rich experience and broad insight
Grounds for appointment ・Rich experience and broad insight
Grounds for appointment ・Rich experience and broad insight
    37
38
fields as a director of Sanyo Special Steel
cultivated at Mizuho Bank, or similar
cultivated at Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
cultivated at Nippon Steel Corporation
※1 Independent outside director ※2 Independent outside auditor ※3 Outside auditor

                      Internal control systems
        Compliance System and Risk Management System
Sanyo Special Steel has established the“Corporate Standards of Conduct”that prescribe the standards of behavior we should follow as a corporation, and a“Code of Conduct”as guidance on conduct to be observed in the course of business activities within the framework of the Corporate Standards of Conduct. Moreover, Sanyo Special Steel makes efforts to ensure all officers and employees are thoroughly familiar with these standards. In addition, we have developed a system that promotes compliance with, among other initiatives, the establishment of a compliance help-desk and regular meetings of the Risk Management Committee in accordance with company rules.
Sanyo Special Steel will endeavor in the future to cultivate higher ethical standards by regularly conducting employee education on the necessity and significance of complying with various laws, regulations, and rules in corporate management and will make efforts to maintain and improve the management health of not only Sanyo Special Steel but also of the Group as a whole. Sanyo Special Steel is also committed to putting into practice its mission to“fulfill our social contribution through business”by promoting business activities rooted in high ethical standards.
We have set up an Internal Control Department responsible for planning and auditing internal controls, as well as functional departments responsible for risk management in individual sectors to form an organizational structure to run the internal control system in the Group. In addition, we have assigned risk management officers to each department and group company; these officers are responsible for planning and promoting autonomous internal control activities in their respective departments/companies. Based on this organizational structure, we operate the internal control system as described below.
             ■Compliance help-desk
Contact
* No disadvantage will be suffered as a result of a consultation or report. Secrecy is maintained in strictest confidence.
■Implementation of compliance training
Every year, the Sanyo Special Steel Group holds compliance lectures to raise awareness of compliance issues among executive officers and employees.
We conduct training on different topics, such as e-learning compliance training, compliance training for new employees, and also grade-based training on harassment. Furthermore, all departments and affiliated companies conduct compliance training appropriate to the individual department and ensure that employees are familiar with laws, regulations, and rules necessary for the execution of business.
We have set up a compliance help-desk to prevent the occurrence or recurrence of circumstances or actions that violate, or appear to have violated, statutory laws, social norms, company rules, or similar regulations.
The help-desk can be used by anyone, including Sanyo Special Steel Group employees, casual workers, temporary workers, and suppliers’ employees, as well as their families, and it provides a system for consultation to ensure that no-one has to handle problems alone̶whether these concern issues that are difficult to solve in the workplace or troubles that people are unable to discuss with anyone else.
Consultations and reporting may be done anonymously, and no-one will suffer to his/her disadvantage as a result of any consultation or report.
It is company policy to respond promptly and appropriately to any consultation or report.
Each year, we formulate a Group-wide internal control plan based on amendments to statutory laws and regulations and changes in the business environment This plan contains basic policies; plans for different functions such as safety, the environment, disaster prevention, and quality; internal audit plans; and training plans. Each department and group company then formulates their respective plans based on the Group-wide plan.
Sanyo Special Steel’s individual departments and group companies implement their own, autonomous internal control activities in accordance with internal control plans, based on the nature of their business operations and inherent risks. Specifically, they develop operating regulations, manuals, and other materials and conduct training. They also conduct self- inspections and carry out improvements to operations based on the results. In the event of an accident, disaster, or situation that risks violating the law, the department or group company concerned immediately reports the fact to the Internal Control Department; in addition, corrective measures, such as measures to prevent any recurrence, are taken in collaboration with associated departments. Furthermore, the Internal Control Department gathers these cases together and shares them within the Group, allowing individual departments and group companies to carry out inspections to check for similar risks.
In internal audits, the Internal Control Department and respective functional departments not only check the status of internal controls using documentation such as internal control checklists but also monitor each department/group company. In addition, as a measure to complement internal controls, we have established and operate a whistle-blowing help-desk that can be used by employees of Sanyo Special Steel and its group companies, their families, and suppliers’employees.
We also conduct surveys on employee awareness regarding internal controls and compliance.
The Internal Control Department and the respective functional departments report on the operational status of the internal control system to the Risk Management Committee, which meets quarterly, and to the Board of Directors; in addition, these reports are also shared with individual departments/group companies at the meetings for risk management officers held each quarter. The Internal Control Department assesses the effectiveness of the internal control system based on information such as the status of internal control activities implemented and the results of internal audits, and once the results of the assessments are compiled, they are reported to the Risk Management Committee and the Board of Directors. Based on the assessment results, the Company formulates improvement initiatives to help make the internal control system more effective, and these initiatives are reflected in the internal control plan for the next fiscal year.
We have set up courses on internal controls through grade- based training and other methods to provide training for executives and employees of Sanyo Special Steel and its group companies. Furthermore, we are pro-actively working to raise awareness of internal control concepts and improvements in workplace culture, among other topics, through talks between the Internal Control Department and respective departments/ group companies.
As members of the Risk Management Committee, outside directors and corporate auditors sit on the Committee and exchange their opinions. In addition, outside directors and corporate auditors hold regular meetings with the CEO to conduct a proper, uninterrupted exchange of information. In terms of interaction with the accounting auditor, we submit regular reports on the operating status of the Risk Management Committee, as well as assessment results on internal controls pertaining to financial reporting, and exchange opinions.
Information provider Sanyo Special Steel Group employees, and suppliers’employees,
as well as their families
1
Internal control plans
4
Assessments and improvements
          provide (Name / Anonymous)
  Compliance help-desk
provide (Name / Anonymous)
Compliance help-desk
2
Autonomous internal control activities
 5
Training and raising awareness
  (Internal contact)
Sanyo Special Steel / Head Office
(Outside contact)
External specialized agencies, etc.
    39
40
* Illustration of a compliance lecture
3
Internal audits, etc.
 
6
Links with outside directors, corporate auditors, and accounting auditors
                      Survey / Response
Survey / Response

Financial Section
42 Financial Statements
75 Independent Auditor’s Report
   41

               42 The accompanying notes are integral parts of these statements. The accompanying notes are integral parts of these statements. 43

                      44 The accompanying notes are integral parts of these statements. The accompanying notes are integral parts of these statements. 45

                                                46 The accompanying notes are integral parts of these statements. The accompanying notes are integral parts of these statements. 47

                       48 The accompanying notes are integral parts of these statements. The accompanying notes are integral parts of these statements. 49

     50 The accompanying notes are integral parts of these statements. 51

52 53

                 54 55

                                                            56 57

                          58 59

                                                 60 61

                62 63

                                                       64 65

                                                                                                                 66 67

                                                                                    68 69

                   70 71

                      72 73

Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Board of Directors of Sanyo Special Steel Co., Ltd.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Sanyo Special Steel Co., Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at March 31, 2018 and 2019, and the consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in net assets and statements of cash flows for the years then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on our judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, we consider internal control relevant to the entity’s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, while the objective of the financial statement audit is not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sanyo Special Steel Co., Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries as at March 31, 2018 and 2019, and their financial performance and cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Convenience Translation
The U.S. dollar amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to the year ended March 31, 2019 are presented solely for convenience. Our audit also included the translation of yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts and, in our opinion, such translation has been made on the basis described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
July 24, 2019 Osaka, Japan
                      74
75

                                                     Corporate Profile
Company Name:Sanyo Special Steel Co., Ltd.
Head Office:3007, Nakashima, Shikama-ku, Himeji, Hyogo
672-8677, Japan Established:January 11, 1935
President:Higuchi Shinya
Number of Employees:6,835 (consolidated basis)
1,334 (non-consolidated basis) Capital:53,800 million yen
Net Sales:Consolidated basis:185,818 million yen (Fiscal 2018) Fiscal Year End:March 31
Subsidiaries and Affiliates As of March 31, 2019
                          3
  6
1
Business Segment:Specialty Stee:l Manufacturing and marketing of various special steel products, including bearing steel, engineering steel, stainless steel, heat resistant steel and tool steel.
Metal powder:Manufacturing and marketing of metal powders and powder metallurgy products.
Formed and Fabricated Materials:Manufacturing and marketing of formed and fabricated materials made from special steel bars and tubes.
Others:Providing information processing services.
Stock Information
Total Number of Shares Authorized to be Issue:94,878,400 Total Number of Shares Issued:57,437,307
Stock Listings:Tokyo Securities Exchange(1st Section) Number of Shareholders:10,923
5 4
7
Head office/Factory Whole view
2
1112 10
 8
9
 1Yohkoh Bussan Co., Ltd.
 (Osaka City, Osaka)
  Trading of special steel products,
  steelmaking raw materials, and other materials
6SANYO SPECIAL STEEL TRADING  (SHANGHAI)CO., LTD(. China)
  Involved in business
  and sales of special steel products in China
7Ningbo Sanyo Special Steel
 Products Co., Ltd(. China)
  Manufacturing and marketing of special steel products   (formed & fabricated materials)
8Siam Sanyo Special Steel
 Product Co., Ltd(. Thailand)
  Manufacturing and marketing of special steel products   (formed & fabricated materials)
 SKJ Metal Industries Co., Ltd(. Thailand)
  Manufacturing and marketing of special steel products
9P.T. SANYO SPECIAL STEEL  INDONESIA(Indonesia)
  Manufacturing and marketing of special steel products
10Sanyo Special Steel
 Manufacturing de México,
 S.A. de C.V. (Mexico)
  Manufacturing and marketing of special steel products  (formed & fabricated materials)
11Advanced Green
 Components, LLC(U.S.A)
  Manufacturing and marketing of special steel products
  (formed & fabricated materials)
12SANYO SPECIAL
 STEEL U.S.A., INC(. U.S.A)   Trading of special steel products
 Principal Shareholders
NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION
Company's Kyoeikai Association
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trustaccount)
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking CorporationThe Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
NSK Ltd.
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
NORTHERN TRUST CO.(AVFC)RE‐HCR00 Marubeni-Itochu Steel Inc.
DFA INTL SMALL CAP VALUE PORTFOLIO
28,863,000 2,319,000
1,579,000
1,473,000
1,467,000 1,139,000 728,000 725,000 621,000 610,000
51.43% 4.13%
2.81%
2.62%
2.03% 2.03% 1.29% 1.29% 1.10% 1.08%
Foreign investors
Securities firms
 Santoku Kogyo Co., Ltd.
 (Himeji City, Hyogo)
  Processing of special steel and machinery maintenance
 Santoku Tech Co., Ltd.  (Himeji City, Hyogo)
  Manufacturing of special steel product   (formed & fabricated materials)
 Santoku Computer Service Co., Ltd.  (Himeji City, Hyogo)
  Construction, operation,
  and consulting services for information systems
 Santoku Security Service Co., Ltd.
 (Himeji City, Hyogo)
  Services such as security services and facility management
2Santoku Seiken Co., Ltd(. Tokyo Headquarters)  (Taito-ku,Tokyo)
  Manufacturing and marketing of special steel products
3Ovako AB(Sweden)
  Manufacturing and sales of special steel products
4Sanyo Special Steel India Pvt. Ltd(. India)
  Involved in business
  and sales of special steel products in India
5Mahindra Sanyo Special Steel
 Pvt. Ltd(. India)
  Manufacturing and sales of special steel products
  9.16%
0.83%
   Individuals and others
Domestic corporations 59.30%
 76
77
*The number of shares omits fractions of less than 1,000 shares.
*The Company holds 1,212 thousand shares of its own stock in treasury, but is excluded
from the above list of principal shareholders.
*On the 1st day of April 2019, NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION has changed trade name
from Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation
As of March 31, 2019
12.83% Shareholder Financial Composition
 institutions
17.88%
   As of March 31, 2019
   
  