Confidence with supplier
  Procurement
 ■Basic procurement policies
In our procurement activities, Sanyo Special Steel complies with all relevant laws, conducts an open-door policy across the board, regardless of whether in Japan or overseas, and conducts fair and equitable transactions as we strive to build partnerships with our suppliers. We also promote environmentally-friendly procurement activities.
1 . Compliance with laws, regulations, and social norms
In addition to complying with all relevant laws and regulations, as well as social norms, and acting in good faith, we manage any information obtained in the course of a transaction in a proper manner. We will also ensure that any relationships with anti-social forces posing a threat to the order and security of civil society are not allowed to continue.
2 . Fair and equitable trading
Regardless of whether in Japan or overseas, Sanyo Special Steel conducts an open-door policy across the board, providing all suppliers with the opportunity to participate and conducting transactions based on economic rationale.
3 . Building partnerships
Sanyo Special Steel conducts transactions with all its suppliers on a fair and equal basis as we strive to maintain and improve mutual understanding and trust and aim for mutual development as business partners.
4 . Promotion of environmentally-friendly procurement activities
In collaboration with our suppliers, we are building a system that ensures we do not purchase raw materials, other materials, or machine parts that contain hazardous chemicals.
  Tin
Tantalum Tungsten
G old
                                            The Group promotes procurement activities based on its Basic Procurement Policy, ensures compliance with laws and social norms, conducts fair and equitable transactions widely, with an open-door policy regardless of whether it be in Japan or overseas, and promotes environmentally-friendly procurement activities with our suppliers. These days we are required to contribute to the sustainability of society in various forms as part of our corporate social responsibility. The Group has identified principles for“sustainable procurement”such as accountability, transparency, respect for human rights, and ethical behavior in the procurement of raw materials and services, and these principles are reflected in our procurement decisions. In addition, we strive to maintain and improve mutual understanding and trust with our suppliers as we aim for mutual development as business partners; and through stronger partnerships, we endeavor to realize“sustainable procurement”that will contribute to the sustainability of business operations for all our suppliers.
Implementation of a supplier awards (to strengthen partnerships)
Sanyo Special Steel believes that building good trading relationships with suppliers is essential for sustainable procurement and values its partnerships with suppliers. As part of this, we have set up an award scheme for suppliers. Under the supplier award scheme, we comprehensively evaluate a number of factors to select suppliers who have attained outstanding achievements and present them with an award. The scheme covers raw materials, various other materials, maintenance, and outsourcing services supplied to each division, and the factors used in evaluations include the quality, cost competitiveness, delivery deadline management, business status of the supplier, environmental measures taken, and service provided with regard to transactions carried out with Sanyo Special Steel over a fixed period of time. On June 20, 2019, we held the second“Supplier Awards Ceremony”and awards were presented to six companies that had made outstanding achievements.
      Responsible procurement
 
Procurement of ferro-alloys considered to be“conflict minerals”
“Conflict minerals”indicate four minerals mined in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and its neighboring countries; these are tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold, and they are referred to as 3TG (from their initials). There are concerns that some of the profits from the trade in 3TG are used as a source of funding for militia groups, contributing to human rights violations and conflict. While we purchase tantalum and tungsten needed in the manufacture of special steel, we check through our suppliers that any purchases are“DRC conflict-free”(i.e. not used to fund militia groups.) In addition, if customers ask whether our products are“DRC conflict-free,” then we issue a statement declaring them to be so using the
   Initiatives for the construction of a reliable procurement framework
Sanyo Special Steel factories are usually in production 24 hours a day. Consequently, with the collaboration of our suppliers, we use a 24-hour system to take delivery of scrap iron (our main raw material). We also procure the required amounts of ferro- alloys and supplementary material when needed. In anticipation of the risk of disruptions to supplies due to disasters and other factors, we try to gain an understanding of production conditions, production locations, delivery routes, and other information for our key procurement items through initiatives such as visiting our suppliers’factories. We also regularly share information on procurement items with suppliers, and we have established a sustainable production system for times of emergency by securing prompt replacements in the event of an emergency and by holding an appropriate amount of stock on our premises.
DRC countries
 