C
  onfidence with employees
  To ensure sustainable growth of a company,“human resource development”and“the creation of a work-friendly environment that takes health and safety into account”are important. In order to create a work-friendly environment that takes health and safety into account, we are working to prevent occupational accidents, provide mental health care, and promote a work-life balance, among other initiatives, to develop an environment where various human resources can play an active part. In addition, and most importantly, as a manufacturing company, we are committed to creating a safe workplace.
Furthermore, the Group needs human resources who can“think autonomously,”regulating themselves and thinking and acting independently. The requirements for this are self-direction and the spirit to take on a challenge. In order to realize this, under our basic policy of“developing employees and make full use of their potential, ”we not only offer various training in accordance with job role and career, but we have also adopted a personnel system that encourages a strong desire for self-growth and the achievement of goals in our employees and allows them to always challenge high-level problems.
Active participation
We have set a goal to raise the ratio of female staff to 25% by the end of March 2028, utilizing them as a valuable asset. To achieve this goal, we have increased the areas where women play an active role by systematically recruiting female employees and expanding the range of their work, while introducing a system that allows women to continue working by alleviating pressure on them during life events by offering childcare leave, childcare allowances, and shorter working hours. In addition, we have been conducting in- house training to promote awareness of female employees and create an organizational culture that makes it easier for them to play active roles. In 2017 we conducted“Career Training for Women,”a training program to raise awareness of career development for women aimed at female employees in non-managerial general and technical job roles, as well as a supporting program“Management Training for Line Managers” aimed at reforming the attitude of line managers with female employees.
Pregnancy / Birth / Childcare System Timeline
 Creating a work-friendly environment
 of women
   Human resource development
Personnel system:
Establishing work tasks and training themes through dialog
During personnel appraisals at the company, we naturally discuss final outcomes, but in addition, we also place emphasis on questions such as“Did you set high goals and strive to achieve them?”or“Did you carry out a definitive process to achieve your goals?”in the appraisal in order to foster self-direction and the spirit to take on a challenge in our employees. Employees’work tasks and topics are established through dialogue with their line manager, which allows them to clarify goals and make efforts to improve their skills. This approach also leads to a strengthening of the relationship of trust between managers and their staff. At Sanyo Special Steel, we also support the self-realization of each individual through a self-assessment system in which individual employees can state their own aspirations regarding job and workplace options through career design talks and interviews for junior employees.
Training for international personnel
In response to the globalization of the business environment, we are accelerating our training of human resources capable of performing on the international stage. We are carrying out various initiatives, including the dispatch of young employees to overseas affiliates, systematic foreign language training for new employees, and the dispatch of selected candidates to overseas universities, graduate schools, and research institutes to study or on temporary assignment. In FY2018, we started short-term, language study programs in abroad for selected employees. In addition to efforts to improve language proficiency, we will enhance our training programs on themes for acquiring international sensitivity through experience and promote the development of international human resources.
    Ratio of female staff
13.9
%
(As of March 31, 2019)
Woman
End of 4 year old year
male
3rd grade elementary school
Man and woman■FY2018 training pick-up
■ Basic training for managers
Since FY2018, we have been conducting basic training for those in managerial positions of Group Manager/Section Manager and above on the basic financial and product knowledge that they should have. By enhancing their understanding of areas in which they have little daily involvement, we aim to develop managers with diverse values and the right judgment to support them. We believe that this type of training to expand their scope of knowledge is essential for the growth of the company, and we will continue to work on it.
■ Follow-up training for new employees
In order to supplement on-the-job training (OJT), we conduct off-the-job training (Off-JT) for different grades and age-groups. In 2018, we started to conduct“follow-up training for new employees.”The purpose of this training is for new employees to reflect on the time that they have spent with company, since they joined to the present, and to identify their own strengths and issues through self-diagnosis testsleading to an improvement in future behavior and promoting growth among new employees and better retention rates in the workplace. Moving forward, we will continue to enhance training to raise skills in the workplace.
 pregnancy birth
1 year old
2 year old
3 year old
End of year
6rd grade elementary school
End of year
  Breaks for pregnant employees (extended time in addition to normal breaks; up to one hour a day Maternity and postpartum leave (early pregnancy to 8 weeks after childbirth)
Leave for maternity check-ups (special leave)
Protection measures for pregnant employees
(working considerations such as reassignment and shorter working times)
Maternity leave (special leave; up to 3 days)
Child-rearing break (up to the end of the fiscal year when the child turns 3)
a day)
Child-care time (30 minutes at a time,
, up to twice a day)
elementary school) up to twice
 Shorter working hours to allow for child-care (up to the end of the fiscal year when the child enters third grade atLeave to nurse a child (limited to 5 days a year for one child, or 10 days a year for two children; reinstated annual leave or special leave)
 Exemption from/restrictions to overtime hours (up to 24 hours a month, or 150 hours per year)
 Exemption from late night shifts25
26
                                    
                        Confidence with employees    Rate of paid leave taken
64.5
% (FY2018)
                                    Achieving a work-life balance
The“Work-Style Reform Related Bill”passed by the National Diet in 2018 has been being rolled out since April 2019. “Work-style reforms”such as the prohibition of long working hours, properly managed working hours, and the obligation for employees to take a certain number of annual leave days have become increasingly important in terms of achieving a work- life balance. Sanyo Special Steel promotes Wednesdays as“no- overtime days”and promotes increased productivity in a bid to reduce overtime hours, as well as encouraging employees to improve the rate of paid leave taken. In terms of the amount of paid leave taken in particular, the figure at Sanyo Special Steel has already topped 60% (with a result of 64.5% in FY2018) compared to the national average of 51.1%; and we are working to achieve the target of“70% to be taken by 2020”as set by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare. Furthermore, as well as encouraging employees to take blocks of paid leave or incremental leave and establishing a system that exceeds statutory requirements for maternity leave, childcare leave, and nursing care leave, etc., we are also striving to achieve a work- life balance for each and every employee by creating a work
environment and culture that makes it easier to take this leave.
as the“White 500”). Moving forward, we aim to be a company that inspires ever-more confidence as we continue to prioritize the health and safety of our employees (a major assumption of our corporate philosophy of“Confidence-based Management”) and promote the creation of workplaces that improve the mental and physical health of our employees and allow them to work in an energetic manner.
Extend employment program
Sanyo Special Steel has established a extend employment program for employee who reaches the age of 65. Making active use of certain older staff members who are healthy, wanting to work, and capable of performing their jobs not only means that they continue to work as a valued member of the staff and transfer skills and techniques, but is also consistent with the concept of diversity. As of April 1, 2019, there were 40“senior citizen partners”active across various work sites.
Employment of Disabled Persons
We promote the employment of people with disabilities in a bid to achieve a society where everyone can enjoy an active working life.
We not only promote recruitment initiatives in conjunction with Hello Work (the Japanese government’s Employment Service Center) and special support schools, etc., but we are also constantly making efforts to improve the work environment in both hard and soft aspects. In addition, any employee certified as disabled after joining the company is offered support to keep working, with consideration given to his/her work content and working hours.
             Promoting health-conscious management
At Sanyo Special Steel, we view employee health management from a business point of view and invest in health initiatives based on the Industrial Safety and Health Act in order to help revitalize the organization by improving employees’ energy and productivity.Mental and physical disorders among employees not only cause a fall in productivity but may also lead to an outflow of human resources as employees take leaves of absence or leave the company. Employees are provided with statutory health examinations, metabolic tests, health advice, and similar resources. Furthermore, we have been conducting on-going mandatory stress check-ups since FY2016. The results of tests on staff members are used to conduct an aggregated analysis, and we recommend that employees with high levels of stress see an occupational physician. In addition, we have a mental health help-desk, provide treatment to help employees stop smoking, and also provide dietary counseling among other initiatives. In recognition of these positive initiatives, in February 2019, Sanyo Special Steel was selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi for certification as“an outstanding management company in the field of employee health for 2019 (large enterprise category)”(commonly known
  