E
          nvironmental management      Sanyo Special Steel formulates an environmental policy that forms the basis of the company’s environmental conservation activities. Based on this policy, we create plans to improve environmental conservation and use environmental management systems in initiatives to tackle global warming, recycle by-products, and help prevent environmental pollution in a bid to mitigate environmental risks.
In addition, we not only help recycle metal resources by manufacturing products using scrap iron as the main raw material, but we also promote goods that are manufactured to help reduce the burden on the environment, using components and mold dies that have a longer life and are smaller in size and lighter in weight.
Plans for improvements in environmental conservation
Plans for improvements in environmental conservation and FY2018 results
           Topics
Energy-saving and global warming prevention measures
Recycling of by- products
Compliance with statutory laws and regulations
Education and development activities for employees
Promotion of information disclosure
Medium-term projection(s 2017-2019)
•Reductions in CO2 emissions resulting from the promotion of energy-saving measures
(Goal: 2.6% reduction in FY2020 compared to BAU*) *Business as usual (if no special measures are taken)
•Reduction in volume of dust and sludge sent to landfill •Improve percentage of brick waste recycled
•Compliance with regulatory standards  (Water Pollution Prevention Act, and the Air Pollution Control Act, etc.)
•Regular education and development activities for employees
•Increase in the number of staff holding official environmental qualifications
•Regular publication of environmental reports •Cooperation with environmental agencies
such as local government bodies
FY 2018 Resultst
•Amount of reduction in CO2 emissions: 2.83% vs BAU •Updating large fans with high-efficiency fans •Switch to LED lighting
•Use of inverters in on-site water supply pumps
Self-Assessment
   〇〇〇 •Outsourcing of dust recycling to sub-contractor 〇〇■Environmental policy
(Philosophy)
We recognize that environmental issues such as global warming; air, water, and soil contamination; and waste problems are serious issues shared by all of humanity. As a company located in a richly endowed environment that faces Himeji Castle, a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a national treasure of Japan in the north, and the Setonaikai National Park in the south, we are committed to caring for the preservation of the environment and contributing to building a sustainable society in every stage of our business activities.
(Policy)
Bearing in mind that we are a company with plants that manufacture and sell special steel and non-ferrous metals, we undertake environmental management based on the following policy.
1) We will contribute to the recycling of metal resources by manufacturing steel products using iron scrap as the main raw
material.
2) In addition to complying with laws, regulations, and agreements related to the environment, we will make ongoing
efforts to enhance our environmental management framework to improve our environmental performance, and we will
responsibly control any business activities that may have an adverse impact on the environment.
3) We will make efforts to reduce our impact on the environment in all stages of our business activities, and we will actively promote resource and energy savings, the recycling of byproducts and reduction of waste material, and the control of pollutant and greenhouse gas emissions to contribute to conservation of the environment and mitigation of climate change. Moreover, we will strive to prevent environmental pollution by developing products that will contribute
to reducing our impact on the environment.
4) In our environmental conservation activities, we will pay particular attention to the education of each and every
employee in environmental awareness.
5) To achieve this environmental policy, we will set environmental targets and review them at least once a year, and we
will revise these targets as necessary.
6) We will ensure that all employees are thoroughly familiar with this environmental policy through education and training,
and we will appoint the General Manager of Environmental Management as the Environmental System Management Officer.
      •Use of brick waste as heat-resistance raw 〇〇 material
•Attainment of regulatory standards in all items 〇〇〇 •Implementation of activities to beautify the 〇〇〇
local area (approx. 270 participants)
•Registration of data into carbon footprint
calculator for individual households (30 〇〇〇 participants)
•On-going initiatives to increase the number
of staff with managerial qualifications in the 〇 prevention of pollution
•Release of“CSR Report 2018”and publication 〇〇〇 on website
              Self-Assessment: The level to which targets have been achieved are classified under 3 stages ○○○:Plans have been met ○○:Good progress is being made to achieve plans
○:Further initiatives will be undertaken to achieve plans
Environmental accounting
We collated costs for environmental conservation initiatives undertaken in FY2018 in accordance with guidelines from the Ministry of the Environment.
Maintenance and administration costs for environmentally- friendly equipment such as dust collection units and water treatment facilities and the cost of recycling/disposing of by- products amounted to approximately 3.3 billion yen. We also invest approximately 400 million yen in installing dust collection units in continuous casting sheds and in energy-saving initiatives such as switching to high-efficiency fans in dust collection units and using inverters in pump motors. Moving forward, we intend to continue to implement initiatives concerned with the conservation of the environment.
Activities for developing environmental awareness
•Implementation of“Environment Month” events
〇〇〇
  Acquisition of ISO14001 Certification
We have acquired ISO14001 Certification. This is the international standard for environmental management systems, and we are making efforts to establish this standard through our annual internal audit and external audit. During the internal audit, junior staff members are also in attendance at audit sites, which helps them understand the environmental management system. We are also making efforts to improve the system. We also focus on on-going training to facilitate the smooth change from one generation to another of internal auditors. In 2017, an external audit reviewed our transition to ISO14001:2015 and assessed that our Environmental Management System was being properly maintained and effectively utilized, allowing us to complete migration to the standard.
Promotion of the Environmental Management System
The Environmental Conservation Committee
Each year we hold a meeting of our Environmental Conservation Committee to enhance environmental management and mitigate environmental risk. The Committee is chaired by the director in charge of the Environment Division, and its members also include the General Manager of the Production Division and the General Manager of the
Administration Division, and it discusses the formulation of basic guidelines on environmental conservation and matters on basic initiatives. The contents of the Committee’s discussions are reported to the Corporate Policy Committee
Environmental Liaison Meetings
Once a month, an Environmental Liaison Meeting is held to share information on the environment; those attending include the Chief Officer for Environmental Systems, executive officers, and department heads. The meetings collate information on the matters listed below and attempt to mitigate environmental risks.
(i) Status of responses to points identified in environmental
We believe that raising every employee’s awareness of the environment is important in tackling our environmental conservation activities, and we conduct regular training for new employees and grade-based environmental workshops. We have also established a reward program to encourage employees to obtain qualifications related to environmental conservation such as those for pollution prevention managers, and we have also been working to have employees calculate carbon footprints for their own households.
   ii iii
iv
checks
Results of assessments on compliance with statutory laws and regulations
We share results on air and effluent measurements, etc. prescribed by law or under agreed protocols.
Status of industrial waste treatment and results of inspections on industrial waste disposal facilities
We share information on the status of industrial waste treatment and the results of inspections on industrial waste disposal facilities run by sub-contractors.
Amendments to the latest environmental laws
(Million of yen)
Categories
1 .Costs within business areas
2 .Upstream/downstream costs
3 .Cost of administrative activities
4 .R&D costs
5 .Cost of social activities
6 .Cost of addressing environmental damage
Total
Expenses
3,093 0 158 27 17 12 3,307
Investment
383 0 0 0 0 0 383
        31
32
                             
                                  Initiatives to prevent climate change    Contributing to a resource-recycling society
   〈Specific initiatives〉
・Use of rail transport for the Tohoku area ・Use of freight ships for transport to interim
warehouses set up in the areas of Kanto, Chubu,
Shikoku, Chugoku, and Kyushu
・Switch from trucks to barges for transport to Kobe
Port where export vessels depart.
                                      Initiatives to reduce the amount of CO2 emissions
Sanyo Special Steel is involved in efforts to reduce CO2emissions (one of the greenhouse gases (GHG)) as part of its initiatives on climate change. Under our medium-term business plan (2017-2019), we aim to cut CO2 emissions by 2.6% compared to BAU (business as usual - the scenario where no special measures are taken) by 2020. Results for FY2018 show a reduction of 2.83% has been achieved, and we are making renewed efforts to achieve the target for FY2020. In addition, we have continued to promote energy-saving initiatives such as the switch in fuel from heavy crude oil to town gas, increased use of regenerative burners for heating furnaces, and the use of inverters in large motors (revolution controlled), and through these initiatives, we have reduced unit emissions of CO2 by 13% per ton of crude steel in comparison with FY2005. As a result of these initiatives, we have been recognized as an“S-class”business operator (the top rank for companies making outstanding energy-savings) for the fourth consecutive year under the assessment program run by the Ministry of the Economy, Trade and Industry, a program that grades and classifies business operators.
Reducing CFCs (Chlorofluorocarbons)
CFCs are used in our commercial air conditioners. As one of the GHGs, CFCs are deemed to contribute to global warming when released into the atmosphere. In accordance with Act on the Control of CFC Emissions, Sanyo Special Steel conducts inspections for“specified Class 1 products”on our commercial air conditioners and other equipment as we work to ensure proper control of CFC gases.
Reducing the load on the environment when transporting products
Reducing CO2 emissions does not just involve manufacturing processes but also essential initiatives on the logistics front. We believe that the choice of transportation method when shipping products is a particularly important point for reducing the load on the environment on the logistics front. Consequently, we are working to promote the use of rail transport and freight ships on the assumption that product quality can be ensured; rail transport allows CO2 reductions to be reduced by around 90% compared to transportation by truck, and freight ships provide a reduction of around 80% compared to the same. Of all the shipments that Sanyo Special Steel makes itself, transport by freight ship accounts for a significantly higher percentage than the average for the manufacturing sector.
Special steel products created from recycled materials
We use electric arc furnace steel-making (which uses iron scrap as a main ingredient) to manufacture special steel, contributing to the recycling and effective use of iron resources. Scrap iron accounts for around 80% of our raw materials, and if materials recycled internally are included, around 95% of our raw materials are recycled products.
Initiatives to reduce by-products
In FY2018, the amount of by-products generated by our production activities was 253,000 tons, and the amount processed, including the volume sold, was 256,000 tons. By- products include electric furnace slag, scale, dust, brick waste, and sludge. Based on the 3 R (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) concept, we encourage recycling of these by-products and, of the amount processed in FY2018, approximately 91% was either recycled or reduced down by incineration, with the remaining amount, approximately 9%, finally being disposed of in landfills. Moving forward, we will work to expand the use of by-products in new applications in order to reduce disposal in landfills.
Recycling slag from electric arc furnaces
We promote the recycling of electric furnace slag generated as a by-product of the manufacturing process, and by ensuring reliable quality in the product and responding to a diverse range of needs, we have been able to maintain a 100% recycling rate of this resource. Our electric furnace slag products are used mainly as roadbed material for roads and as an asphalt aggregate instead of natural resources such as stone and sand. Moving forward, we expect it to be used as a raw material in
“inhibitors”to control foam expansion of molten steel and by local authorities as a recycled aggregate for paved surfaces.
 We use pressurized steam-aging facilities to pressurize our furnace slag products to the highest level in Japan in a process that effectively stabilizes any expansion in the products. In addition, we use a classification machine that can sort electric furnace products into six stages simultaneously, from coarse-grained aggregate to fine grains, and multi-functional classification equipment made up of a granulator that chamfers aggregate particles to adjust grain size and improve resistance to wear. Using these manufacturing processes, we provide customers with high-quality electric furnace slag products.
 Moving forward, we intend to focus on realizing a sustainable society as we continue to comply with the Nippon Slag Association’s“Guidelines for Management of Iron and Steel Slag Products”and not only deploy management systems across all areas including manufacturing, quality, and sales, but also submit to reviews by third-party organizations to enhance management systems and further improve reliability.
               CO2 emissions per unit of crude steel
 (CO2-kg/t) 750
703
2005
Reduce
Reduce usage of resources such as electricity and gas
Reduce generation of waste
3R
  700 650 600 550
637
2013
631
2014
636
2015
614
2016
608
2017
611
2018 (FY)
Recycle
Utilize scrap raw material
Reuse
Reuse water Reuse by-products
■ By-product throughput
                     Recycle by-products
 ■ By-product generation
g
E
E
g
l
l
e
e
c
c
t
t
r
r
i
i
c
f
c
f
u
u
r
r
n
n
a
a
c
c
e
s
e
s
l
l
a
a
     33
34
17%
8% 5% 2% 1%
FY2018
253,000t
9%
FY2018
Electric furnace slag brick waste
scale sludge
67%
dust Other
Recycling
91% Landfill disposal
256,000t
Road using electric furnace slag products

                           Moves to reduce the load on the environment        Efficient use of water resources
Water is vital for the manufacture of our products. It is used to cool steel and equipment, and also as a source of power for equipment. In recognition of the fact that water is a limited resource, we reuse more than 90% of the water employed in our production processes. Contaminated water that has been used in the factory is sent to an on-site treatment facility to be purified. After this, the purified water is reused in the factory, while the remainder undergoes further treatment before being released into public waterways. At the point where the water drains into the public waterways, there is a system that takes automatic measurements to constantly monitor pH levels, turbidity, chemical oxygen demand (COD), nitrogen, and phosphorus, and if levels go beyond our voluntary in-house management standards then an alert is issued to allow the officer in charge to deal with the issue in a prompt manner.
In addition, the water is regularly analyzed for harmful substances, etc. by an external organization as part of our efforts to manage water quality and prevent water pollution.
Chemical oxygen demand in wastewate(r COD)
Reduction of emission of air pollutants
At facilities that generate soot and smoke, we have achieved SOx (sulfur oxide) emissions well below the levels agreed on with the Himeji City council by switching the fuel from heavy crude oil with high sulfur content to LNG (town gas) which contains almost no sulfur. In a bid to reduce NOx (nitrogen oxide) emissions, we are using low NOx burners and implementing proper combustion controls, among other initiatives. We have also introduced units that automatically measure NOx in a system that enables us to constantly monitor heating furnaces, which produce large volumes of emissions.
Furthermore, revisions to the Air Pollution Control Act in April 2018 stipulated that operators should voluntarily reduce emissions of mercury concentrations in exhaust gases from electric steel-making furnaces. Sanyo Special Steel regularly measures and records mercury concentrations in accordance with the voluntary standards recommended by the Japan Iron and Steel Federation to confirm that the concentrations meet voluntary control standards.
In terms of dust collection facilities, we are working on initiatives to increase and enhance equipment capacity, such as the installation of dust collection units in continuous casting sheds in FY2018.
We also use traditional methods of dealing with dust that include patrols by water sprinkler vehicles and street sweepers to help prevent the dust scattering.
硫黄酸化物の排出量
Sulfur oxide emissions
       (thousand m³N) 40 66.5
30 57 20
10
0 2005
Agreement value with Himeji City
      窒素酸化物の排出量
2.1 1.5
2017 2018(FY)
Agreement value with Himeji City
127.3 148.9 150.0 122.2 120.0
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018(FY)
1.3 0.003 0.2
2014 2015 2016
 Nitrogen oxide emissions
(thousand m³N)
300
253 250
200 158.9 150
100 50
0 2005
        concentration(mg/l) 12.0
10.0
Prefectural ordinance (addition criteria)
Wastewater treatment facility
Appropriate controls on chemical substances
In accordance with the PRTR* Act, we monitor the amount of chemical substances released and transferred. Volumes are reported to the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, and we also work on initiatives to curtail the amount released. Furthermore, PCB waste is properly stored and controlled in accordance with the PCB Special Measures Act and, in addition, all applicable equipment is systematically updated/disposed of to ensure disposal is completed by the deadlines stipulated in the Act.
* PRTR (Pollutant Release and Transfer Register): a statutory system that
promotes improvements in the monitoring and management of the amounts of specified chemical substances emitted into the environment
   8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0
0
3.2 2.6 2.5 2.5
2014 2015 2016 2017
2.9
2018 (FY)
Environmental risk management
      Suspended particulate matter in wastewate(r SS)
Environmental patrols
Once a month, a team made up of the Chief Officer for Environmental Systems, executive officers, department managers, pollution prevention managers, and others conducts patrols, primarily around our manufacturing sites. We aim to reduce environmental risks by responding to the issues raised by the patrols at individual manufacturing sites.
(i) Checks for significant environmental aspects
Patrols are conducted on processes and equipment with significant environmental aspects and inspections are carried out on equipment, management of measuring devices, and written work standards as we work to improve management levels and mitigate risk.
(ii) Checks on emergency drills
Emergency drills are carried out to check if there are any issues with emergency procedures, and in addition, we verify that there are no defects in equipment and instruments.
(iii) Patrols attended by the President
Once a year, an environmental patrol is conducted with the President in attendance. In FY2018, this patrol included checks on the management of significant environmental aspects in manufacturing plants, energy-saving initiatives, and initiatives to reduce by-products.
Responding to amendments in environmental laws
As stated in our environmental policy, compliance with statutory laws and regulations is a key assumption of our business activities. If there are any legal amendments related to our business, we revise our in-house environmental standards and ensure that all stakeholders receive appropriate training, among other initiatives.
June is“Environment Month”when we hold a“Study Workshop on Environmental Laws and Regulations”to which we invite section managers from across the company and environmental managers from group companies to ensure that they have a better understanding of statutory compliance obligations.
(Example of response to a legal amendment)
・Soil Contamination Countermeasures Act (April 2019
amendment)
Content of amendment :
 Expansion of opportunities for soil contamination surveys Our response :
 Details of the statutory amendment were disseminated
across the whole company at the Study Workshop on Environmental Laws and Regulations held in June.
   concentration(mg/l) 35.0
30.0
25.0
Prefectural ordinance (addition criteria)
     20.0 15.0 10.0
5.0 0
3.7 0.6 0.8
2014 2015 2016
0.6
2017
0.6
2018 (FY)
  Amount of transfer outside the business place
1,189t
Amount of emissions into the atmosphere
190t
Amount of emissions
 into
public waterways
 16
 t
 Nitrogen concentration in wastewate
concentration(mg/l)
Proper disposal of waste
Sanyo Special Steel subcontracts services to industrial waste disposal companies that can dispose of waste in a proper manner, and we conduct checks to ensure that subcontractors hold the appropriate licenses as well as preliminary inspections of their disposal facilities. In addition, we check that our waste is being disposed of in an appropriate manner through regular inspections of disposal facilities and by confirming industrial waste disposal conditions in a manifest. We have introduced a manifest in electronic format to ensure that operations are running properly, and we make every effort to separate waste at the sites where waste is generated.
 70.0 60.0 50.0 40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0
0
Legal standards (No additional standards for prefectural regulations)
     7.1
2014
7.0
2015
8.1
2016
7.9
2017
7.5
2018 (FY)
   35
36