ASAHI GROUP INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 
Responsible Drinking Related Issues of Priority for the Asahi Group Risks 
    
34 
Issues 
Major Initiatives 
Key Measures 
Reducing health problems 
Enacting voluntary regulations 
Avoiding negative screening 
Initiatives to Achieve Targets 
Impact on health 
Heightened awareness toward health 
Tightening of regulations by WHO, negative public opinions, negative impact on the SDGs 

Group KPIs 
    
	.	*1  IARD (International Alliance for Responsible Drinking) is a non-profit organization dedicated to reducing harmful drinking and promoting the understanding of responsible drinking. IARD is supported by 11 leading global beer, wine, and spirits producers.  
	.	*2  The Producers’ Commitments are five industry-wide global commitments established by the CEOs of participating companies in IARD. These commitments are (1) reduce underage drinking, (2) strengthen and expand codes of practice, (3) provide consumer information and responsible product innovation, (4) reduce drinking and driving, and (5) work with retailers to reduce harmful drinking.  
Tightening of regulations in each country and region 
Societal demand on corporations to address inappropriate alcohol use 
 
Promoting efforts and disclosure on a Group-wide and global basis 
Targets for 2021 
	•	Execute the Global Industry Commitment (IARD, Producers’ Commitments)  
	•	Promote efforts to reduce inappropriate alcohol use  
	•	Expand the non- and low-alcohol product portfolio  
	•	Implement responsible marketing activities, including age verification and targeted restricted advertisements  
	•	Adhere to the laws and regulations in each country and region and implement initiatives in accordance with local cultures  
	•	Promote global disclosure of information related to responsible drinking  
	•	Create new drinking opportunities using non-alcohol beverages  

Strengthening voluntary regulations 
Collaborating with global partners 
Sustainability of Our Corporate Value Enhancement Model 
Eliminating the Negative Impact 
Responsible Drinking Initiatives 
The Asahi Group’s business domains have expanded globally through the acquisition of the Europe business. As a result, we are now exposed to more risks related to inappropriate alcohol use, for which we bear responsibility. Through collaboration with our business partners, we will eliminate the risk of negative screening associated with the Alcohol Beverages Business. 
Direction of Initiatives 
	•	Promote local efforts to reduce inappropriate alcohol use and strengthen global efforts to disclose information across the Group  Global: Declare and disclose our continuous support for IARD*1 and IARD’s Producers’ Commitments*2 Local: Adhere to the laws and regulations in each country and region and implement initiatives in  accordance with local cultures  
	•	Promote collaboration with IARD and industrial groups and other organizations in each country and region  
  
 
Message from a Director 
Further Advancing Proactive Responsible Drinking Initiatives in Europe 
Drahomira Mandlikova 
Corporate Affairs Director Asahi Breweries Europe Group 
 

I manage the Corporate Affairs Department in the Asahi Breweries Europe Group (ABEG), where I have a wide range of duties, such as managing internal and external communi- cation, public affairs activities, and sustainability matters, including the issue of responsible drinking. 
At ABEG, around twelve years ago we began incorporat- ing our CSR strategy into our business strategy, including the area of responsible alcohol consumption. We realize that while most people drink our beers in moderation, the prob- lem of alcohol misuse exists and we take this issue seriously. 
In undertaking specific initiatives, it is important to be aware of the changing behavior of consumers. Consumer demand for better and more enriched lifestyles is growing in all aspects, including in what they eat and drink. As a result of greater health consciousness, the trend for enjoying high- quality alcohol beverages in moderation is growing. We believe that such a trend is perfectly in line with the Asahi Group’s strategy of premiumization. Moreover, in recent years, sales of non-alcohol beer in Europe have been increasing while ABEG has been creating different occasions and bringing a variety of new products for people to enjoy such beverages. We look upon the trend for responsible drinking as a significant business opportunity today and also for the future. 
On the other hand, there are also risks related to our business in this regard. We realize that alcohol misuse can have harmful effects on the drinker and others. As a way of addressing this issue, stricter regulations on alcohol have been discussed by the governments of different countries. However, this problem cannot be resolved simply through regulations. At ABEG, we make sure that our marketing practices follow strict standards. We also believe that it is 
important to effectively collaborate with municipalities, NGOs, experts, alcohol sellers, and other stakeholders on programs to prevent the harmful use of alcohol. 
For example, in cooperation with the local police con- ducting road checks for drunk driving, we have held a pro- gram for the last ten years whereby drivers who have not been driving under the influence of alcohol are provided with non-alcohol beer and information materials. Rather than taking the conventional approach of telling drivers that they must not drink and drive or increasing the severity of punish- ments, we are achieving significant results by actively intro- ducing a new course of action. Another program we have in place is called Respect18. This program has been intro- duced in regions where underage drinking is a serious issue and is focused specifically on educating parents, retailers, and bars and restaurants on why it is wrong to provide alco- hol to minors. This program is conducted with the support of NGOs and is achieving positive results. 
The Asahi Group is striving to become a Glocal Value Creation Company while establishing a global strategy in the area of responsible drinking. We have in place the Asahi Group Responsible Drinking Principles as well as local solu- tions to the wide range of specific issues in each market. Furthermore, we have created a platform for sharing such local solutions throughout the Group and for promoting collaboration. Moving forward, in order to make a further leap toward becoming a global company, we will leverage such resources within the Group while further advancing proactive efforts in regard to responsible drinking. * The minimum legal age for alcohol consumption varies by country and region. 
Advancing the Asahi Group (Long Term) Efforts toward (Medium Term) (Short Term) Results of Glocal to the Next Stage Sustainable Profit Growth Growth Strategy Value Creation Management 
Corporate Governance 
35 
