                      Shimizu Corporation supports the Sustainable Development Goals

             Today’s work, Tomorrow’s Heritage in 2030 and Beyond.
The Shimizu Group is constantly changing. We will continue to take on every challenge to create new value in the world, extending beyond the boundaries of construction.
ABOUT SHIMIZU
Creating Value Over Time .......................................................................... 04 Corporate Philosophy ................................................................................ 07
SHIMZ VISION 2030
Top Message ............................................................................................ 08 Shimizu’s Response to COVID-19 .............................................................. 14 SHIMZ VISION 2030 .................................................................................. 16 Initiatives in Innovation ............................................................................... 18
SHIMIZU’S FUTURE
Shimizu Group Businesses ........................................................................ 20 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights ........................................................ 22
Special Contents: SDGs Initiatives Created with Shimizu (Sustainable Future)
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers ........ 56 Governance .............................................................................................. 60 Compliance .............................................................................................. 65 Risk Management ..................................................................................... 66
DATA COLLECTION
Ten-Year Highlights (Consolidated) ............................................................. 68 ESG Important Management Indicators ....................................................... 70 Technology and Hearts That Form a Bridge to the Next Generation ............... 72 Shimizu’s Social Contribution Activities ....................................................... 73 List of External Awards Received ................................................................ 74 Independent Opinion ................................................................................. 75 Global Network ......................................................................................... 76 Corporate Information/Investor Information ................................................. 77
FINANCIAL SECTION
Financial Section ....................................................................................... 79 Inclusion in ESG index
 Building and Infrastructure Construction that Protects Lives and Businesses from Disasters
P25
Creating Communities Where All Can
Live Comfortably
P26
Targeting ZEB with the Latest in Energy Conservation and Energy Generation
P27
a Resilient society
Where everyone can feel safe and secure
an Inclusive society
Where all people can live together in comfort and health
a Sustainable society
Where future generations can inherit a well-cared for environment
*1
                     Editorial Policy
Shimizu’s Corporate Report describes our vision and the strategy for achieving our vision, as well as business and ESG initiatives. Our goal in issuing this report is to have all our stakeholders gain a better understanding of the Shimizu Group.
The Corporate Report focuses on telling the story of our Company and we have edited it to keep it concise. More detailed information may be viewed on the corporate website and can be accessed through the QR code.
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/
Reporting Organizations
∙ Head office, branches and group companies in Japan and overseas
∙ Numerical results reflect activities of the head office, domestic branches
and sales offices.
Reporting Timeframe
Mainly fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (April 2019 to March 2020), includes some activities from earlier and later time periods
Guidelines for Reference
∙ Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018, Ministry of the Environment
∙ Sustainability Reporting Standards, GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) ∙International Integrated Reporting Framework, IIRC (International
Integrated Reporting Council)
Information Disclosure System
Mid-Term Management Plan of Shimizu Group <2019-2023> .................... 28 SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS
Building Construction Business in Japan .................................................... 30 Civil Engineering Business in Japan ........................................................... 32 Overseas Construction Business ................................................................. 34 Investment and Development Business (Real Estate Development Business) ....... 36 Engineering .............................................................................................. 38 LCV........................................................................................................... 40 Emerging Frontier Business ....................................................................... 42 Technology Development and Digital Strategy ............................................. 44 Talent Development and Working Style Reform ............................................ 46 Strengthening the Supply Chain and Group Management ............................ 48 Contributing to the Global Environment ....................................................... 50 Health and Safety ...................................................................................... 55
Awards
United Nations Global Compact
*2
    Important & concise
Financial Non-financial Information Information
Shimizu Corporate Report
    Detailed & comprehensive
All corporate activities reported on the corporate website
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/
Reports (to shareholders)
IR meeting presentations Summary financial statements Annual securities reports
IR website: Information
for shareholders and investors https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ir/
Company brochure
stream DEW
Civil Engineering Quarterly Corporate Governance Report
ESG Management website:
ESG activities https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/
    02 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 03
*1 The S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index is an index that weights companies based on carbon efficiency and provision of sufficient disclosure of information on its carbon emissions. It overweights companies with high ratings. Shimizu has received a high rating in the second decile for carbon-to-revenue footprint with sufficient disclosure.
*2 Shimizu became a participant signatory in of the UN Global Compact in March 2013.

  1946 ~ 2000
From post-war recovery to establishing a firm position in the general construction industry
  Management reform - modernization of management
1948 Company name changed from Shimizu Gumi to Shimizu Corporation 1962 Listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Took on the challenge of a never attempted suspension roof construction — National Indoor General Stadium, Main Gymnasium (now Yoyogi National Stadium)
1964 Built a sports arena for the Games of the XVIII Olympiad in Tokyo used
a suspension roof structure unprecedented in the world at that time to create the complex curve of the roof exterior
Built Japan’s first in-ground LNG storage tank as a leader
in the new era of energy
1970 Built Japan’s first in-ground LNG storage tank (capacity of 10,000 kl) at the Negishi LNG Terminal of Tokyo Gas Co, Ltd., as the introduction of green energy progressed
Established a new real estate headquarters and entered the
developer business
1971 Established a new real estate headquarters and entered the developer business with the Shinmatsudo New Town Project
Pursuing full-scale globalization
1974 Opened a sales office in Singapore
Supported traditional Japanese architecture
with the latest technology at the time
— Major Showa-era renovation of the Daibutsuden (Great Buddha Hall) at Todaiji Temple
1980 Replaced the approximately 130,000 tiles on the massive roof, which covers an area of 7,900 m2, over the course of six years, beginning in 1974
Performed construction on DN Tower 21 (Dai-Ichi Life and Norinchukin Bank buildings) to preserve and renovate famous pre-war architecture
1988-1995
First case of redevelopment that achieved both preservation of historical value and renovation to create a state-of-the-art office building in an area designated by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government as an area with architectural structures of historical value
  Built the Tokyo Bay Aqua-Line Expressway, which galvanized logistics in the Greater Tokyo Area
1995-1997
Connecting Kawasaki City in Kanagawa Prefecture to Kisarazu City in Chiba Prefecture, the expressway was built to galvanize transportation in the Greater Tokyo Area
Shimizu built the tunnel and Umihotaru sections, which were the world’s largest shield tunnel construction project at the time
  Renovated the National Museum of Western Art with Japan’s first seismic retrofitting
1998 The main building of the museum, which was designed by Le Corbusier and built by Shimizu in 1959, was renovated with seismic retrofitting
   1804 ~ 1945
Founding to the end of World War II
    Kisuke Shimizu I and Kisuke Shimizu II built the foundation of Shimizu
1804 Kisuke Shimizu I founded the company in Kanda Kajicho, Edo (present day Tokyo)
1838 Kisuke Shimizu I helped to build the west wing of Edo Castle 1849 Kisuke Shimizu I built the Zuishin Gate of Takada Hachiman
Shrine (now Anahachiman Shrine) in the Ushigome district of Edo
1859 Expanded business in the Yokohama port town Japan’s first fully Western-style hotel
1868 Kisuke Shimizu II completed the Tsukiji Hotel, Japan’s first fully Western-style hotel
Japan’s first bank
1872 Kisuke Shimizu II built The Dai-Ichi National Bank (the former Mitsui-gumi House), Japan’s first bank
Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts & Crafts Furnishings established to pass on woodworking techniques handed down from the craftsmen of old
1884 Shimizu opened its own woodworking factory (present
day Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts & Crafts Furnishings) in Kiba, Koto-ku, Tokyo, the only such factory owned by a major construction company
Shimizu opened the first design department in the construction industry
1886 The drafting department, which was the predecessor of
the Design Division, was established to develop designers skilled in Western architecture
Shimizu hired Eiichi Shibusawa as an advisor and put The Analects and the Abacus into practice as the basis of management
1887 The teachings of the entrepreneur Eiichi Shibusawa in the Analects and the Abacus was designated as the basis for management policy and the business was managed in accordance with its tenet that ethics and economics were compatible
Built Japan’s first full steel frame building
1910 Completed the headquarter building for Nihonbashi Maruzen Head Office, Japan’s first full steel frame building, in Nihonbashi
Began full-scale entrance into civil engineering
1936 Shimizu built its first full dam, and completed the Yasuoka power plant for Yahagi Hydroelectric (now owned by Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.)
Established the construction industry’s first R&D organization
1944 Established the research department in the Design Division, which was the predecessor to the Institute of Technology, as the first in the industry
       Creating Value Over Time
Forging a Path to a New Era through a Spirit of Innovation
Shimizu has provided value that exceeds the expectations of customers for more than 210 years. We have accomplished this while maintaining the high aspirations of our founder Kisuke Shimizu I in taking a sincere approach to monozukuri craftsmanship and preserving and passing on the enterprising spirit of anticipating the times and taking on new challenges.
The two Kisuke’s laid the foundation for Shimizu Corporation
Kisuke Shimizu I, who was born in Toyama Prefecture, founded the company in 1804 in the Kanda Kajicho district of Edo (now Tokyo). From the moment he founded the company, he brought a strong resolve and a passion for monozukuri. He earned the trust of his customers by doing his work with integrity and devotion. He built a strong business base and attracted customers by using the company’s superior technology and management skills. This led to projects such as managing of the reconstruction of the West Wing of Edo-castle in 1838. Kisuke Shimizu II, who succeeded Kisuke Shimizu I, built the Tsukiji Hotel, Japan’s first western-style hotel in the Tsukiji district where foreigners lived, at his own expense. He managed the hotel after it was completed in 1868. He then went on to design and build the Daiichi National Bank (the former home of the Mitsui Group) and the Mitsui-gumi Exchange Bank, which were representative of early Meiji period architecture. Kisuke Shimizu II used his spirit of enterprise, advanced technical skills, and the trust he cultivated in these and other projects to further build the foundations of the company.
Kisuke Shimizu I
Kisuke Shimizu II
Our Heritage (Japanese only)
https://www.shimz.co.jp/heritage/
  04 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 05

  2001 Onward
Toward the future of the construction industry
Corporate Philosophy
    Using Shimizu’s technological strengths in initiatives targeting environmental problems
2002 Developed the world’s first concrete materials recycling system
Built a soil washing plant for practical use at a Kawasaki site, and began operations
Efforts to strengthen monozukuri aimed at the 200th anniversary of the company’s founding
2003 Completed construction of the new main building of the Institute of Technology as part of a project to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the company’s founding
The challenge of lifting up the steel frame trusses for a large roof, a first in the world — Changi Airport Terminal 3
2007
Built a new airport terminal in Singapore, an important economic center in Asia. The method of lifting up steel frame trusses measuring 300 meters wide and 215 m deep, was a first in the world
2008 Announced the corporate slogan of “Today’s Work, Tomorrow’s Heritage” First lecture presented in the Shimizu Open Academy public lecture course
Received first international Emporis Skyscraper Award in Japan for construction of a high-rise building
— Mode Gakuen Cocoon Tower
2008
Created a complex cocoon-shaped building exterior through advanced simulation technology using a 3D system
Aiming for a society in which people can live comfortably and securely
2011 Performed damage survey and mounted recovery activities for the Great East Japan Earthquake
2012
The headquarter building in Kyobashi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo was completed. It is equipped with facilities that save energy (eco) during routine operation and respond flexibly to BCP during an emergency. Seismic isolation devices were installed beneath the building and it can also serve as a local disaster center to accommodate people who cannot return home when a disaster occurs
Heisei shrine renewal at Izumo Taisha, a national treasure, completed
2013 Shimizu was in charge of preservation and repair work on 14 buildings during the renewal of the Izumo Grand Shrine for the first time in 60 years. The main shrine and other buildings designated as important cultural treasures were included among the buildings renovated
Credo
The Analects and the Abacus
Management Principles
Credo/Management Principles
   Building renovation fusing traditional skills and the latest technology ― GINZA KABUKIZA
2013 Built a multipurpose complex consisting of the low-rise KABUKIZA and the KABUKIZA TOWER, a high-rise office building. It was built by combining the wisdom of the traditional master carpenters of the old Kabukiza with BIM modern technology
With devotion and a spirit of innovation, we work to create value that exceeds expectations and contribute to
a sustainable tomorrow
Shimizu Group’s Strategy Towards 2030 (See p. 16 for further details)
     (Photo provided by Shochiku Co., Ltd. and Kabuki Za)
Creating a new town in an area devastated by the Great East Japan Earthquake Earthquake restoration project on the coast of Miyagi and Iwate Prefectures
The Shimizu Group will create new value and contribute to a safe, healthy and sustainable future for everyone by transforming and challenging ourselves beyond construction
and co-creating with diverse partners.
Today’s Work, Tomorrow’s Heritage
2014 onward
Contributed to development of new towns by raising the land elevation in areas that were damaged by flooding from the tsunami in the cities of Ishinomaki and Kesennuma in Miyagi Prefecture and Rikuzentakata in Iwate Prefecture
  Communicating the spirit and techniques of craftsmanship to the next generation
2017 Monozukuri Training Center opened as a venue for systematically learning the basics of monozukuri (craftsmanship)
Changing the way work is done at construction sites in the future
2017 Developed Shimz Smart Site, an AI-based next-generation production system Aiming for business opportunities that create new value
2017 LCV*1 Headquarters established with the goal of creating new value in facilities and infrastructure
2018 New Emerging Frontiers Division*2 established to pursue market research and technological
development in the ocean, space, and other frontiers with the aim of early commercialization
2019 SHIMZ VISION 2030, our new long-term vision
Corporate Slogan
    06 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 07
*1 *2
Life Cycle Valuation: See pp. 40-41 for further details. Emerging Frontier Business: See pp. 42-43 for further details.
We have cultivated what Shimizu stands for throughout our history and will continue to create new history. This slogan expresses the message that we want people around the world to understand.
It is our resolute pledge to reflect that attitude in the performance of all processes,
and in the individual conduct and actions of each and every employee.
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Top Message
    Shimizu will create value that exceeds the expectations of society and contribute to creating a sustainable future through initiatives aimed at achieving SDGs and bold innovation.
—We will continue our transformation to adapt to the New Normal, and tackle challenging social issues through the optimal mixture of the digital and the real—
I would first like to offer my prayers for those who have lost their lives to COVID-19, and for a rapid recovery for those who have contracted the virus. I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude for the many healthcare providers and others working to combat the virus.
While we still cannot predict when COVID-19 will be brought under control, the Shimizu Group has taken comprehensive steps to prevent infection in our business activities, and will fulfill our responsibilities to society as a construction company.
President and Director
Reflecting on Fiscal 2019 and Status of Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
The entire Group will work as one team to secure and improve current performance with a sense of urgency.
Shimizu announced SHIMZ VISION 2030, our long-term vision, in May 2019. Mid-Term Management Plan (2019–2023) was formulated as Phase 1 of that vision, and initiatives based on the key strategies in the plan have been steadily implemented. Consolidated financial results for fiscal 2019, the initial year of the Mid-Term Management Plan, were net sales of ¥1,698.2 billion (up 2.0% YoY) and ordinary income of ¥137.9 billion (up 3.0% YoY). We were able to maintain net income attributable to shareholders of the corporation at ¥98.9 billion (down 0.7% YoY), a high level despite underperforming the record high of
¥99.6 billion reached in fiscal 2018. However, COVID-19 has become a global pandemic and this has caused major changes in the busi- ness environment since late fiscal 2019. Shimizu established the Crisis Response Headquarters in February due to the spread of COVID-19 and the entire company is taking steps to prevent infections. We endured the heartbreak of having an employee die from the virus in early April. In light of this and the spread of the virus, which was growing more serious by the day, the Company placed highest priority on the lives and safety of employees of the Group and its subcontractors and temporar- ily closed some job sites. We would like to express our appreciation to our customers and all involved for their understanding of and coopera- tion with Shimizu’s response.
The consolidated performance forecast for fiscal 2020 projects a deterioration in the profitability of construction due to rising construc- tion costs for preventive measures implemented against COVID-19, among other factors, and a decline in revenues due to deterioration in capital investment trends and other aspects of the external environ- ment. While severe conditions will persist, the entire Group will continue to unite as one team to secure and improve performance.
  08 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 09
   ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Top Message
  Initiatives Aimed at Adapting to the New Normal and Corporate Transformation
We will seize this crisis as an opportunity and will adapt to the new normal and transform the company.
The current COVID-19 pandemic is transforming our sense of values and behavior, and is having a major impact on workstyles, business models, and other corporate activities. We will not regard this pandemic only as a crisis; but also as an opportunity providing dynamic change. We believe that how rapidly we adapt and identify a path to success will affect our performance in the future. Shimizu formed the New Normal Committee as a company-wide initiative to consider ways to adapt to the living with COVID-19 phase and transform the company with our sights set on the post-COVID-19 phase. The Digital Strategy Promotion Division established in April 2019 is pursuing initiatives to improve pro- ductivity by optimizing the ICT environment and making greater use of digital technology. We are also working with the relevant head office departments to rapidly review systems and implement standardized operations, and are rolling out these changes company-wide. After sorting out the things that must and must not be changed, we will redesign those that are not in sync with the times and use the changes to accelerate workstyle reforms throughout the company. We are a
company whose essential mission is physical craftsmanship and we will take care not to rely solely on digitalization as we work to maximize its use. We will fuse digital technology and the real world to transform the company in the living with COVID-19 and post-COVID-19 eras.
I also think that many people have developed a new appreciation for the importance of gratitude and consideration for those around us during the current COVID-19 pandemic. I, too, wanted to draw closer to employees who undoubtedly were disoriented by the rapid changes in the environment, felt lonely, and were worried about the future, so I decided to send videos and text messages to employees at each turn- ing point in the pandemic. My annual chat sessions with employees were held with each business location online in 2020. With the theme of being “united in spirit,” I again keenly felt the importance of com- munication. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has made it difficult to engage in face-to-face dialog with stakeholders as we have always done, we will be creative in the use of online and other means to com- municate accurate information in a timely manner.
See pp. 14-15 “Shimizu’s Response to COVID-19” for further details.
Progress on Mid-Term Management Plan (2019–2023)
Shimizu will accelerate initiatives targeting sustainable growth based on the key strategies in Mid-Term Management Plan (2019–2023).
Shimizu has positioned the five years of Mid-Term Management Plan (2019– 2023) as a period of advance investment to establish a new profit base. We are pushing forcefully ahead on implementing this plan to expand and evolve the construction business, establish a profit base in non-construction businesses, and strengthen the management base to support growth. We will accelerate global expansion and pursue ESG management to enhance Shimizu’s corporate value and contribute to the achievement of SDGs as our basic policy.
Expanding and Evolving the Construction Business
To expand and evolve the construction business, we are concentrating on accelerating R&D and improving productivity, and will pursue dig- ital transformation as our main initiative in the building construction segment. Digital transformation involves the fusion of data and digital technology through the use of computational design techniques, and building Shimz One BIM, which links the entire construction process from design to material fabrication and construction, and extending to operation. In the civil engineering segment, we have made progress on the development and practical application of the basic technology for Shimizu Smart Tunnel, a next-generation tunnel construction system using CIM and i-Construction, and are working to complete the entire system. We are searching for the best mix of digital technology and the real world to improve productivity and transform the construction system in a manner that does not neglect the actual location, structure and real conditions, while making maximal use of digital technologies based on the spirit of innovation that Shimizu has exhibited since it was founded. The order environment is expected to worsen in the future and we will strive to strengthen sales and proposal skills in addition to these technological capabilities amid that environment. We will respond to dynamic changes in society and accurately capture the increasingly diverse and complex needs of customers to improve business compet- itiveness and earning power.
Establishing a Profit Base in Non-construction Businesses
In addition to targeting sustained growth, it is essential to restructure the business portfolio and align it with the business environment. Shimizu is targeting a profit structure of 35% of consolidated gross profit on net sales from non-construction businesses in its long-term plan and seeks to innovate the business structure to use real estate development, engineering, LCV, and emerging frontiers businesses as the drivers of growth. Our main initiatives include the following. In the real estate development business overseas, we are entering the North American real estate market in addition to various ASEAN coun- tries. In Japan, development of Toyosu 6-chome is underway. This is
a large project consisting of the largest office building and hotel that Shimizu has developed on its own. In the surrounding Toyosu area, we are pursuing creation of a Smart City by building a data platform that combines real and virtual space aimed at building digital twins. In the renewable energy business, the number of initiatives in solar power generation has increased and we have also entered the biomass power generation business. Shimizu is also targeting top share in the offshore wind turbine construction business, which is a promising future mar- ket. Construction of the world’s largest self-propelled SEP vessel* is underway. In the emerging frontier business, Shimizu is investing in and collaborating with multiple startups to develop an integrated space company that provides a diverse range of services that encompass both the hard and soft aspects of development, from launching small private sector rockets to satellite data transmission and analysis, and infrastructure construction on the surface of the moon.
* SEP vessel: A ship with a Self-Elevating Platform to perform construction work.
Accelerating Global Expansion
While the impact from COVID-19 pandemic differs in each country, the current business environment in the overseas construction business continues to be more severe than in Japan. Nevertheless, there is lit- tle expectation of significant growth in the Japanese construction mar- ket over the medium and long term. There has consequently been no change in our business policy of targeting promising overseas markets, planting strong roots, and seizing business opportunities. We established Shimizu America, Inc. in March 2020 to manage all operations of our North American business and have begun organizing our business struc- ture to generate synergies within the Group. We will work to accelerate global expansion in order to derive 25% of consolidated gross profit on net sales from overseas businesses in fiscal 2030, a goal stated in our long-term vision.
Strengthening the Management Platform to Support Growth
Shimizu is building a platform for generating innovation. We are making steady progress on initiatives in many areas, including technology devel- opment and digital strategy, human resource development and workstyle reform, and strengthening the supply chain and global management. Our greatest management resource is human talent. We are pursuing workstyles reforms that will enable diverse talent to actively contribute as well as and innovations related to human resources. I am personally taking the lead on establishing an environment that enables employees to maintain health while working actively, and to improve job satisfaction and happiness of each and every employee.
Shimizu is also pursuing collaboration with companies in different industries, and has established an investment budget of ¥10 billion over 10 years to invest in venture firms and venture funds from fiscal 2020 onward with the goal of strengthening R&D and expanding our business domain. Our first investment through this program was in a venture firm that possesses high-performance wireless communications technology in July 2020. We will continue to pursue strategic open innovation in the future.
In Group management, we are augmenting the Group company man- agement and support structure and are targeting further improvement in consolidated performance and Group governance.
 10 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 11
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Top Message
Financial Status
The financial KPIs in the Mid-Term Management Plan and Fiscal 2019 Results are as follows:
Environment (E)
Contributing to a sustainable global environment
Shimizu approaches environmental management in four ways: Environmental protection, environmental business, environmental risk management, and environmental social contributions. In May 2019, we revised our Environmental Management Policy to clarify our position on contributing to the achievement of SDGs, and express our posi- tion for the entire group on engaging in business activities that reduce negative environmental impact and initiatives to create and restore the environment in every process. Efforts to mitigate environmental issues are perpetual in nature and we will contribute to a sustainable global community by making steady progress on reducing CO2 emissions and other medium and long-term goals stated in Ecological Mission 2030–2050. We think that global warming due to climate change is an especially important management issue. We have endorsed the TCFD*1 Recommendations, and are analyzing climate-related risks and opportunities and taking steps to prevent climate change. Shimizu is also contributing to a sustainable global environment through green infrastructure initiatives that make innovative use of natural forces in building infrastructure and recycling the earth’s limited resources.
*1 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
Social (S)
Co-existing with all stakeholders
Providing safe, reliable buildings, structures, and services to society and working to improve customer satisfaction by providing value that exceeds a customer’s expectations are the mission of the Shimizu Group. Respecting human rights is naturally a cornerstone for those activities, and we are working to create an environment and workplaces that make it easy to work, to promote diversity and inclusion through the advancement of women and people with disabilities, and efforts aimed at co-existing with local communities. In recent years, typhoons, tor- rential rains, strong winds, and other natural disasters have increased in frequency and severity, threatening our lives and lifestyles. We also cannot neglect preparation for large earthquakes. Shimizu is working to strengthen risk management by providing services for both the hard and soft aspects of disaster prevention and mitigation, and revising our own BCP-related rules and systems as needed.
With a normal human lifespan of 100 years in sight, we will increase the mandatory retirement age for employees from age 60 to age 65 in April 2021 and will support diverse and flexible workstyles for senior employees. Moreover, as the trends toward having fewer children, an aging society, and a declining productive workforce prog- ress, we are working to hire and develop skilled construction workers and strengthen our supply chain. We are also working to increase the attractiveness of the construction industry in general. In cooperation with our subcontractors, we aim to reduce occupational accidents and increase wages and benefits for skilled labor, while reducing the stan- dard job site work week to five days.
Governance (G)
Ensuring strict compliance and strengthening risk management
To further strengthen corporate governance, Shimizu increased the number of non-executive directors from three to four in fiscal 2019 (also increasing the number of outside directors from two to three, and the number of female directors from one to two). We shortened the term of directors from two years to one in order to clarify direc- tor management responsibility. Shimizu has steadily strengthened the governance structure since April 2020 by clarifying responsibility for business execution, and by revising parts of the executive officer system to increase the percentage of non-executive directors and thereby strengthen the management supervisory function. We are also strengthening management of investment risk, geopolitical risk, natural disasters, and other risks.
We will continue to conduct corporate activities in a fair and trans- parent manner by steadily strengthening corporate governance.
Shimizu will continue to work to earn even greater trust from our stakeholders by enhancing corporate value and achieving sustainable growth over the medium and long term through fulfillment of our social responsibilities by our business activities.
See p. 23 for further details on results achieved on non-financial KPIs in Mid- Term Management Plan (2019–2023).
Practicing the Corporate Credo, The Analects and the Abacus
Each and every one of us will practice
The Analects and Abacus in our daily actions and pass it on to the next generation.
The corporate credo of Shimizu, The Analects and the Abacus, contains the teachings of Eiichi Shibusawa, who served as an advisor to the Company in 1887. The philosophy of merging ethics and economics is also a consistent thread through the sincere monozukuri (craftsman- ship) and customer-first spirit espoused by our founder, Kisuke Shimizu I, values that we have cherished since the company was founded. These enduring teachings, which remain relevant in every age, are important values of Shimizu and are the DNA of the Company that we have inherited from our predecessors. We will continue to provide training in corporate ethics based on The Analects and the Abacus. Management will take the lead in cultivating an ethical mindset and ensuring strict compliance, and every employee will continue to strive to embody this spirit.
To Our Stakeholders
The current COVID-19 pandemic has reminded us of many things, such as respect for life, feeling compassion and gratitude, teamwork, and things that we must and must not change. In times like this, it is even more important to ground our business activities in our corporate credo, The Analects and the Abacus, and embody our management principle of “With devotion and a spirit of innovation, we work to create value that exceeds expectations and contribute to a sustainable tomorrow.” We intend to the meet the expectations of our stakeholders and ask for your continued support.
 Financial KPIs and Fiscal 2019 Results
 KPI
  Fiscal 2019 Results
  Fiscal 2023 Goal
  ROE
Equity ratio
D/E ratio
Dividend payout ratio
13.6%
38.3%
0.6x
29.6%
10% or higher
40% or higher
0.7x or less
Around 30%
    Our basic policy on shareholder return is to strengthen financial sound- ness as the foundation for long-term growth and maintain stable ordinary dividends. We aim to provide shareholder returns from profit earned from growth, and are targeting a consolidated dividend payout ratio of around 30%. We also intend to utilize capital more effectively and will gradually reduce cross-shareholdings after thorough negotia- tion with our customers.
Our investment plans call for investments totaling ¥750 billion over the five years up to 2023. In fiscal 2019, we made steady investments into real estate development and businesses related to renewable energy. We also invested in productivity improvements, R&D, and initiatives related to human resources. We will continue to invest steadily toward future growth, while making sure to preserve financial soundness.
See pp. 28-29 for further details on Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023).
Pursuing ESG Management
We will manage through an ESG perspective to increase corporate value and achieve sustained growth.
Shimizu believes that working towards a sustainable global environ- ment, co-existing harmoniously with local communities, and improving corporate governance from a long-term perspective are major prerequi- sites for achieving sustained corporate growth. We declared advancing ESG-based management as a basic policy in Mid-Term Management Plan (2019–2023) based on this conviction. ESG initiatives also con- tribute to achieving the sustainable development goals (SDGs). Each of our employees takes initiative to fulfill corporate responsibilities to society and a diverse range of stakeholders and, as a member of the current working generation, also takes responsibility for the next gener- ation through our business activities.
   12 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 13
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Shimizu’s Response to COVID-19
We pray that those who have lost their lives to COVID-19 may rest in peace and express our sympathy to those who have contracted the virus and all those who have had their lifestyles affected by the spread of the virus.
The Shimizu Group regards ensuring the safety of all employees and their families as well as our customers, subcontractors and suppliers, and everyone in the com- munity as our highest priority. We have specified the steps to take to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and are working to accomplish them as we take the requests and guidance from the Japanese government and local governments into account.
* The contents on See pp. 14-15 provide current information as of September 30, 2020.
COVID-19 Crisis Response Headquarters Established
Shimizu established the internal COVID-19 Crisis Response Headquarters headed by the president in February 2020 in response to the spread of COVID-19.
Structure of the COVID-19 Crisis Response Headquarters HQ Director: President
HQ Acting Director: Executive Vice President
Officer in charge of domestic response: Executive Vice President
Officer in charge of overseas response: Executive Vice President (and Acting HQ Director)
Director of Secretariat: Officer in charge of crisis management
Domestic response: Each general headquarters and business headquar- ters, Human Resources Dept., General Affairs Dept.
Overseas response: Global Strategy Div., International Div., Human Resources Dept., General Affairs Dept. A collaborative structure is also rapidly being built between each of the divisions and the Crisis Response Headquarters.
Impact of COVID-19 on the Shimizu Group
“One mind” online chat with the president, during which the president engaged in direct dialog with local employees. (12 chats, in total)
Organizational Diagram of the COVID-19 Crisis Response Headquarters
   Supervision & instruction
Reporting & collaboration
Individual divisions
HQ Director
HQ Acting Director
  Secretariat
  Overseas Response
Matters concerning overseas business, etc.
Matters concerning personnel working overseas, etc.
Matters concerning secondees and personnel studying abroad, etc.
Matters concerning personnel on overseas business trips, etc.
Matters concerning support on office and supplies, etc.
Domestic Response
Employee measures
● Mattersconcerningemployees,etc.
● Matters concerning office management, etc. Workplace measures
● Matters concerning management of
workplaces, etc.
Customer measures
● Matters concerning reporting to and coordination with customers, etc.
  Shimizu’s View on COVID-19
         Main Responses by Shimizu Thus Far
Measures to Prevent Infection of Employees
To prevent infections within the company, we are conscientiously performing basic infection prevention steps such as hand washing, wearing masks, and avoiding the three conditions (of closed spaces, crowded places, and close contact), as well as pursuing staggered working hours and telecommuting.
Roughly 50% of employees in permanent offices are telecom- muting. We are taking steps to prevent infection, including placing thermographic cameras at office entrances or use of contactless ther- mometers to check each person’s temperature. Hand sanitizer stations have also been installed at each location. Social distancing is secured in workspaces and visiting
guest spaces, and trans-
parent acrylic panels have
been installed to prevent
droplet transmission.
Thermographic camera installed at the first floor head office entrance
Support for Subcontractors
The Japanese government issued a state of emergency declaration for seven prefectures on April 7, 2020. In light of the spread of COVID-19 in the Greater Tokyo Area and other urban areas, which was increasing in severity day by day, Shimizu set the policy of closing corporate offices in areas covered by the state of emergency until it was lifted, in principle. This decision was based on our view that the lives and safety of Shimizu Group employees and employees of sub- contractors was our top priority and to further strengthen efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19. We provided a certain level of business closure subsidies to protect the employment of people who work at subcontractors and related individuals who work with them during the closure period, and to secure a stable supply chain after construction resumed.
Shimizu Initiatives Aimed at the New Normal
Nationwide Roll-out of New Normal Activities
The current COVID-19 crisis has heightened people’s awareness of viruses and caused changes in behavior. Amid this, Shimizu recognizes the need to bring about a transformation in corporate activities and workstyles aimed at responding to changes in the environment and establishing a new normal. We are currently rolling out these new normal activities company-wide. We are reviewing each operation at branches and other locations and making changes that will lead to improved productivity and better performance. We will also rap- idly implement measures to establish a company-wide cross-organizational ICT environment and modify systems, work to change the mindset of employees, and implement workstyle reforms.
Steps Taken at Job Sites
Shimizu is implementing Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism guidelines and the Company’s own measures to prevent the spread of infection.
(1) Temperatures taken upon entering a workplace
(2) Wearing of masks or mouth shields (to reduce the risk of heatstroke) (3) Conscientious hand washing and disinfection at each location
In addition to the three basic steps noted above, we are taking other steps to prevent infection according to the characteristics of the work- place. Other steps include avoiding the three conditions (of closed spaces, crowded places, and close contact) by securing social dis- tancing, installing partitions, and regularly ventilating and disinfecting places where many people gather, such as various meetings in the workplace, break rooms and cafeterias.
Shimizu will continue to implement thorough, appropriate infection pre- vention measures and will make the lives and safety of employees, workers, and others involved our top priority as we proceed with construction.
    Mouth shield (to prevent heatstroke)
Social Contributions
Partitions installed in the worker break room
 Areas of Anticipated Impact
Business activities
• Increase in construction costs from measures to prevent infection
• Deterioration in construction profitability due to delays in construction, etc.
• Decline in orders received due to postponement and modification of new
project plan
• Changes in external environment such as real estate market conditions and
capital investment trends
Supply-chain related
• Securing the supply chain, mainly for construction materials
Working environment
• Disinfection in workplaces and careful avoidance of the three close conditions • Encouraging telecommuting and staggered working hours
• Establishing a work environment that provides for social distancing
Overseas business activities
• Increase in geopolitical risk that results in closure of workplaces
In consideration of the impacts of COVID-19 on the Shimizu Group noted at left, the Crisis Response Headquarters is considering and pro- viding support for the steps the Shimizu Group should take to carry on with business, based on the following policies and the prerequisite of ensuring employee safety.
(1) Place highest priority on ensuring the safety of employees and their families.
(2) Respond in a manner that complies with national and local govern- ment policies.
(3) Formulate an action plan for business continuity and implement the plan.
Shimizu has also formed the New Normal Committee as a compa- ny-wide committee that will consider ways to transform the company from the initial phase of the COVID-19 crisis to the living with COVID-19 phase and the post-COVID-19 phase.
The spread of COVID-19 has caused a nationwide shortage of medical supplies. Shimizu donated medical supplies, including masks and other personal protec- tive equipment (PPE) at the request of the Japan Business Federation and to support medical facilities.
New Workstyles from Living with COVID-19 to Post-COVID-19
We are rapidly pursuing efforts to digitalize operations and reform work- styles by equipping employees with mobile PCs, using video conferences, and other means to reduce the risk of infection while maintaining corpo- rate activities. Specific steps taken include the installation of video confer- encing systems in each meeting room and installation of privacy booths for video conferencing where people can concentrate to respond to the rapid increase in video conferences. We are also making bold changes such as promoting paperless and PC-based workstyles by establishing a workflow for document approval and eliminating the need to stamp on internal communications. In addition to these steps, we are also estab- lishing spaces in some company housing and dormitories that can be used as satellite offices to realize flexible workstyles. Shimizu is also working to improve productivity by maximizing the use of ICT in job site management operations through the use of wearable cameras and video conferencing systems to inspect rebar layout, and other work processes.
14 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 15
 ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 SHIMZ VISION 2030
We formulated SHIMZ VISION 2030, our long-term vision in May 2019.
Shimizu Group’s Strategy Towards 2030
The Shimizu Group will create new value and contribute to a safe,
healthy and sustainable future for everyone by transforming and challenging ourselves beyond construction and co-creating with diverse partners.
Towards the Achievement of our Vision
The Shimizu Group aims to be a Smart Innovation Company that creates new value through the integration of three innovations
a Resilient society
Where everyone can feel safe and secure
The Value Shimizu Group Provides
a Sustainable society
Where future generations can inherit a well-cared for environment
Talent
Smart Innovation Company an Inclusive
society
Where all people can live together in comfort and health
● ● ● The Value Shimizu Provides ● ● ●
Business Structure Innovation
· Diversify business models, accelerate global expansion, improve group management capabilities
Technology Innovation
· Develop advanced technology to respond to the mega-trends of the future
· Accelerate construction process technology development to increase competitive edge
Talent Innovation
· Promote working style reforms that will enable diverse talent to thrive
· Build knowledge/expertise through co-creation with others
Target Revenue Structure
By evolving into a Smart Innovation Company, we aim to achieve consolidated ordinary income of ¥200 billion or higher in fiscal 2030. The composition of consolidated gross profit is 65% for construction, 35% for non-construction businesses. And by region, 75% domestic business and 25% overseas.
FY2018
Overseas 5%
Domestic 95%
10% Non-construction businesses
90% Construction businesses
FY2018 ¥133.9 billion
Smart Innovation Company Creating new value through transformation & taking on challenges
Fusing
the innovations
Technology
We will contribute to the 17 SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) by providing value through innovation
Realizing a resilient society
With the heightened risk of natural disasters such as earthquakes, super-typhoons and torrential rain, there is
an ever-increasing need to protect lives and businesses.
■ Building strong and resilient infrastructure ■ Extending the life of the built-environment
■ Disaster prevention & mitigation technology ■ Disseminate ecoBCP*
* Facilities and urban development concepts that can effect both saving measures for normal operation (eco), and business continuity planning (BCP) for emergencies.
Realizing an inclusive society
With rapid changes such as aging, population decline and urbanization, the future requires a society where
Targeted Goals
FY2030
Overseas 25%
Domestic 75%
35% Non-construction businesses
65% Construction businesses
FY2030
¥200.0 billion or higher
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 17
anyone can live safely and comfortably.
■ Urban development utilizing ICT
■ Provide built-environments that enhance
health and well-being
Realizing a sustainable society
■ Use of universal design
■ Expand the fields of human activity (to the oceans and space)
Consolidated gross profit
Consolidated ordinary income
As global warming, deforestation and environmental pollution become more serious, we must increase efforts to leave behind an bountiful earth for the next generation.
■ Use of sustainable energy
■ CO2 emissions reduction in all business
activities
16 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
■ Promotion of energy-saving, energy creation and ZEB (zero energy) facilities
■ Conservation of the natural environment and biodiversity
Business Structure
Smart Solutions Company
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

   Initiatives in Innovation
Business Structure Innovation
     Aiming to Be a Smart Innovation Company
Generating New Innovations
SHIMZ VISION 2030, our long-term vision, raises the goal of creating value that anticipates the times (Smart Innovation).
We aim to be a Smart Innovation Company that creates new value through the integration of three innovations in business structure, technology, and talent. We are also training human resources skilled in “monozukuri” craftsmanship and are passing on technologies to the next generation in Koto-ku, Tokyo.
Electric Power Retail Business
Shimizu is pursuing initiatives aimed at participation in businesses that generate power with renewable energy such as wind power, biomass, geothermal, and small hydroelectric power generation. In June 2020, we built a solar power generation facility with a rated output of 400 kW on a section of the Chubu University Ena campus in Ena City, Gifu Prefecture and launched a non-FIT power generation business (which does not use the Feed-In Tariff system) and an electric power retail business in procuring and supplying green electric power. Shimizu will continue to procure green electric power and supply it to customers who place importance on environmental management in the future.
Technology Innovation
Automating Construction with AI
A large decline in the number of highly skilled technical workers is anticipated in the future, making it necessary to secure people to perform the work and improve productivity. Shimizu began developing the Shimz Smart Site next-generation building production system in 2016. This system makes it possible for humans and robots to work together on construction. We first introduced the system at the job site for a high-rise hotel in Shin-Osaka and are continuing to apply it to other job sites in stages.
Talent Innovation
Developing Modern Master Craftsmen
Shimizu built the Monozukuri Training Center in April 2017 as a practical training center that provides hands-on training for Shimizu’s young engineers in the basic knowledge for framework construction, quality inspection methods, and other practical aspects of construction. We also established the “Takumi Training Center” in July 2020 to provide hands-on training for skilled construction workers, and are developing the talent that will operate our construction business in the future.
Ocean Development
We are nearing the limits of urban land reclamation as sea levels rise due to global warming and this is increasing interest in floating structures, floating cities, and other ocean development in various locations around the world. Shimizu announced the GREEN FLOAT future ocean city concept in 2008 and the OCEAN SPIRAL deep sea future city concept in 2010. These concepts have achieved a certain amount of recognition and acclaim worldwide in ocean structures. Shimizu will contribute to the expansion of the sphere of human activities from land to the ocean and realizing sustainable communities by fusing our city planning capabilities with our floating structure technical capabilities.
      INNOVATION FUTURE
Creating new value
in three areas
This section introduces innovations in business structure, technology, and talent that Shimizu is
currently pursuing.
Hydrogen Energy System
Shimizu developed the hydrogen energy utilization system jointly with the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST). The system takes surplus electricity generated by solar power and other renewable energy sources, converts it into hydrogen, and stores it. It is then utilized for power generation as needed.
Trial operation of the system began in July 2019 at the Koriyama comprehensive regional wholesale market administra- tion building in Koriyama, Fukushima Prefecture. We aim to commercialize this as an energy network for Smart Cities.
                  Diversity
There are major changes occurring in society with digitalization and globalization. Accepting human resources with diverse characteristics and values, and using their differing abilities and opinions to generate innovation and enhance corporate value is essential for sustainable growth. Shimizu is actively employing global talent and we are aiming to build an organization that enables diverse human resources to demonstrate their creativity.
      18 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 19
       ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Shimizu Group Businesses
Shimizu’s Business Fields: Evolution and Growth
Communication with Important Stakeholders
We count community members and others among our important stakeholders in addition to our employees, customers, and shareholders/investors. Shimizu builds good relationships with all of our stakeholders
and engages in responsible corporate activities.
Provide information on a timely basis
Future forecasts, etc. explained to analysts
Hold meetings with institutional investors in Europe, the U.S., and Asia.
Direct dialog between the president and employees nationwide every year
Discuss labor relations and work environment
An initiative to develop the next generation of leaders
To report the status of progress on construction
Rapid response to government requests during an emergency
The Shimizu Group consists of the Company, 70 subsidiaries, and 16 affiliates. We have a variety of businesses, including construction, investment development, engineering and LCV Business, both in Japan and overseas.
   SHIMIZU CORPORATION
Construction Business
(as of June 26, 2020)
Group Companies
Construction Business
Main Subsidiaries
● FaB-Tec Japan Corporation
● Daiichi Setsubi Engineering Corporation ● SHIMIZU BLC Co., Ltd.
● Shimizu Corporation (China) Ltd.
● Shimizu North America LLC
Main Affiliates
● The Nippon Road Co., Ltd.
Development Business
Main Subsidiaries
● Shimizu Comprehensive Development Corporation ● Shimizu Investment (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
● Shimizu Realty Development (U.S.A) Inc
Main Affiliates
● Makuhari Techno-Garden Co., Ltd. Other Companies
(Sales of construction equipment, leasing, PFI business, and others)
Main Subsidiaries
● MILX Corporation
● SC Machinery Corp.
● Tama Medical PFI Corporation
● Shimizu Finance Co., Ltd.  
● Shimizu International Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. ● Shimizu International Finance (U.S.A), Inc.
     Stakeholders
Main Activities
Description
             Customers
Business activities
Provide value that exceeds the customer’s expectations, rather than simply accurately assessing the customer’s needs
  Website
     General Meeting of Shareholders
  Building Construction Business in Japan
P30
Shareholders and Investors
Financial results meetings
  IR events
Offer tours of job sites, the Institute of Technology, and other locations in Japan and overseas
  Non-Construction Businesses
   Meetings for overseas institutional investors
       Investment and Development P36 Business (Real Estate Development Business)
Engineering P38
Internal reports
Published 10 times a year
  Employees
Informal social gatherings with the president
  Family Day event
An event held for the family members of employees
       LCV
P40
Emerging Frontier Business
P42
Subcontractors
Union activities
  Kanekikai
A conference for Shimizu subcontractors in 12 regions nationwide
  Successor education & training
      Shimizu Group Management Resources Supporting Growth
Briefings to explain construction projects to local residents
Held to explain construction projects before construction begins
  Members of the Local Community
Job site tours
    Technology Development and Digital Strategy
We will establish new research facilities and external alliances to accelerate the development of innovative technologies across Group businesses.
We will implement and use digital platforms to transform internal business models and working styles throughout the entire Group.
PP44~ 45
Talent Development and Working Style Reform
We will hire and develop talent for the future of the global Shimizu Group, and create a workplace environment that accommodates diverse and flexible working styles and leads to higher employee satisfaction.
We will build a system of inclusive human resource management that will enable diverse, global talent and people skilled in innovation to contribute actively.
PP46~ 47
Strengthening Supply Chain and Group Management
We will strengthen and expand the construction supply chain to support a reliable production structure in Japan and overseas.
We will improve reliability, expand alliances, and implement a Group management structure that will enable diversification and global expansion.
Social contribution activities
Local events and active volunteer participation
       20 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 21
Civil Engineering Business in Japan
P32
Overseas Construction Business
P34
PP48~ 49
Government and Administrative Agencies
BCP response
Held annually in June
     External Organizations
Activities in collaboration with NPOs and NGOs
Work together to solve social problems
         ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
The Shimizu Group in FY2019
Financial Highlight
Construction orders awarded
Non-financial KPIs
We specified the following non-financial KPIs in the Mid-Term Management Plan (2019–2023) to improve labor productivity in the construction business, enhance corporate value from the ESG perspectives, and contribute to achieving the sustainable development goals (SDGs).
¥1,318.7
(Billions of yen)
2,000 1,500 1,000
¥1,698.2
billion
billion
        500 00
1,318.7
Net sales
Improve productivity
Improve productivity in the construction business (vs. FY2016)
11.8% (Fiscal 2019 results)
We established the percentage improvement in productivity in the construction business (compared to fiscal 2016) as a KPI because we recognize this as an especially important indicator from the perspectives of improvement in the work environment and addressing the medium and long-term labor shortage, apart from the ESG perspective.
Environmental (E)
Reduce CO2 emissions in the construction business (vs. FY2017)*1
7.0% (Fiscal 2019 results)
We have established long-term targets for the percentage reduction in CO2 emissions in the construction business (compared to fiscal 2017) in 2030 and 2050 in Ecological Mission 2030–2050. An interim numerical target for 2023 has also been set to make steady progress on and monitor the various measures.
  (Billions of yen)
2,000 1,500 1,000
1,698.2
500
  Fiscal 2023 Target
20.0% or higher Social (S)
Improve employee satisfaction scores*2
3.76
(Fiscal 2019 results)
Main Related SDGs
Fiscal 2023 Target
10.0% or higher Governance (G)
Number of serious legal violations
0
(Fiscal 2019 results)
Main Related SDGs
    2015 2016
Ordinary income
¥137.9billion (Billions of yen)
2017
2018
2019
(FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation/ROE
   Net income ¥98.9billion
ROE
13.6%
98.9 20
  200 150 100
50 0
Net assets
137.9
2019
(Billions of yen)
100 75 50 25 0
(%)
13.6% 15 10
           ¥736.4
(Billions of yen)
¥1,904.9
(Billions of yen)
Fiscal 2023 Target
4.0or higher
Main Related SDGs
Fiscal 2023 Target
0
Main Related SDGs
Total assets/Equity ratio
Total assets
Equity ratio
38.3
1,904.9
5 0
  2015
2016
2017
2018
(FY)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
(FY)
%
The job satisfaction indicator consists of three questions on the awareness survey of all Shimizu employees: 1) relationships of trust in the workplace, 2) job satisfaction, and 3) mental and physical health. It is calculated by taking the average of ratings by all employees on a 5-point scale.
The number of serious legal violations is naturally an indicator that we must achieve, but we have established this as an indicator to make clear our resolve and to point everyone in the company in the same direction.
      billion
billion
  800
600 1,500 400 1,000 200 500
(%)
40 30 20 10
736.4
2,000
38.3%
           000
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) 2015 2016 2017 22 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
2018 2019 (FY)
*1 : Targets for Shimizu Ecology Mission 2030-2050 activities
*2 : Scores from the Shimizu Japan employee awareness survey (average of 5-level ratings)
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 23
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Special Contents
SDGs Initiatives Created with Shimizu
(Sustainable Future)
We want to realize a society that gives all people a real sense of abundance and happiness, sustainable communities that provide hope for the future, and communities that strive to achieve SDGs (sustainable development goals) together with our customers. These are the aspirations of the Shimizu Group.
We operate a broad range of businesses, such as real estate development, engineering, facility management, and energy, that extend beyond the construction industry and possesses many kinds of technology and expertise.
We will combine this “wisdom” to create new value to satisfy each customer and user.
       a Resilient society
Where everyone can feel safe and secure
With the heightened risk of natural disasters such as earth- quakes, super-typhoons and torrential rain, there is an ever-increasing need to protect lives and businesses. We will contribute to the development of safe, secure, and resilient communities by building resilient buildings and infrastructure.
Building and Infrastructure Construction that Protects Lives and Businesses from Disasters
As a member of the construction industry, we view construction, mainte- nance, and management of facilities and infrastructure that are resilient to disasters, and renovation to make them safer and more secure as the mission of Shimizu. From the perspective of SDGs, we contribute mainly to SDG 9, Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure, and SDG 11, Sustainable Cities and Communities. A representative example of infrastructure that is resilient to disasters is dam construction. The Yamba Dam (Gunma Prefecture) that was completed in March 2020 is a concrete gravity dam that is 116 m high. This dam provides flood control for and maintains normal function of the Tonegawa River. It was built mainly to supply water for urban use and to generate electricity. Shimizu also contributes by renovating existing dams to enable them to be used effectively. We built a tunnel spillway in the Kanogawa Dam in Ehime Prefecture to increase flood control capacity. This was the first time this was attempted in redevelopment construction in Japan.
Tunnel spillway (on left in photo) built in the Kanogawa Dam (Ozu City, Ehime Prefecture)
        24 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 25
Social Trends, Issues, and Needs
• Increasing intensity and frequency of natural disasters • Urban/regional polarization • Aging social infrastructure • Preserving cultural and natural heritage sites • Demand for extending the lifespan of facilities
 Value that Shimizu Creates with Customers
• Building strong and resilient infrastructure • Extending the life of the built-environment • Disaster prevention & mitigation technology
• Disseminate ecoBCP
Video introducing the Yamba Dam construction project
(Japanese only) https://www.shimz.co.jp/company/about/pr/
Yamba Dam, a 116-m-high concrete gravity dam (Agatsuma-gun, Gunma Prefecture)
     ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

    an Inclusive society
Where all people can live together in comfort and health
With rapid changes such as aging, population decline and urban- ization, the future requires a society where everyone can live safely and comfortably. Shimizu is contributing to the creation of inclusive communities where everyone can live in health and comfort by building user-friendly facilities and communities.
Creating Communities
Where All Can Live
Comfortably
Shimizu will build Toyosu MiCHi no Eki, Japan’s first “urban road station” in the Toyosu 6-chome, Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 Project (tentative name) in Koto-ku Tokyo, which is scheduled to open in the fall of 2021. In addition to providing open space for shoppers to relax and interact, it will also be equipped with a smartphone-compatible voice navigation system to eas- ily guide visitors, including wheelchair users and visually impaired peo- ple, to their destinations by the appropriate route. Urban digital twins will be built to link physical (real) space to cyber (virtual) space. The goal is to create a community that is comfortable and provides a high quality of life full of vitality. We think this will not only contribute to the achievement of SDG 11, Sustainable Cities and Communities; it will also contribute to achieving SDG 3, Good Health and Well-being, SDG 8, Decent Work and Economic Growth, and SDG 10, Reduced Inequalities.
Voice navigation system
a Sustainable society
Where future generations can inherit a well-cared for environment
As global warming, deforestation and environmental pollution become more serious, we must increase efforts to leave behind an bountiful earth for the next generation. Shimizu will contrib- ute to the realization of an environmentally friendly, sustainable society through corporate activities aimed at reducing the bur- den on the environment.
Targeting ZEB with the Latest
in Energy Conservation and
Energy Generation
Shimizu has led the industry in working to create ZEB (zero energy building) thus far. We acquired the first carbon neutral* status in Japan in our headquarters building, which was completed in 2012, and completed Seicho-no-Ie’s Office in the Forest in 2013, Japan’s first ZEB. We are also building new office buildings for our Tohoku Branch and Hokuriku Branch using new energy conservation and energy generation technologies. Shimizu will build the region’s first ZEB. for Hokuriku Branch using natural energy from the local cli- mate and a hydrogen energy usage system. We aim to contribute to a broad range of SDGs, including SDG 7, Affordable and Clean Energy, and SDG 13, Climate Action.
* An initiative in offsetting the total volume of greenhouse gas emissions from business activities and other company-related sources with reduction in emissions and emissions absorbed in other locations.
New Tohoku Branch office building (completed perspective, Sendai City, Miyagi Prefecture) A next-generation office building that aims to achieve energy conservation and resilience to disasters, and be a workplace where people can work in health
       Social Trends, Issues, and Needs
● Aging society with low birthrate
● Progression of the Fourth Industrial
Revolution
● Diversity & inclusion
● Health management
● Workstyle reform (job satisfaction innovation)
   26 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 27
Toyosu MiCHi no Eki, Japan’s first “urban roadside station” (completed perspective, Koto-ku, Tokyo)
The new Hokuriku Branch office, which was selected as a “sustainable building pacesetter project (CO2 reduction pacesetter)” by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) and as a “project that builds an independent distributed energy system using hydrogen” by the Ministry of the Environment in fiscal 2019. (Completed perspective, Kanazawa City, Ishikawa Prefecture)
Social Trends, Issues, and Needs
● Climate change ● Ocean pollution ● Waste reduction & recycling
● Natural environment and ecosystem protection 
● Environmental compliance
Value that Shimizu Creates with Customers
● Use of sustainable energy ● Promotion of energy-saving, energy creation and ZEB (zero energy) facilities ● CO2 emissions reduction in all business activities ● Conservation of natural environment and biodiversity
  Value that Shimizu Creates with Customers
• Urban development utilizing ICT • Use of universal design
• Provide built-environments that enhance health and well-being
• Expand the fields of the frontiers of human activity (to the oceans and space)
  News release
News release
Shimizu Soon Beginning Construction of the Most Energy-efficient Building in Hokuriku https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2020/2019045.html
Shimizu builds Japan’s first “Urban Roadside Station” in our Developing Facilities in the Toyosu area https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2020/2019055.html
       ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

   Mid-Term Management Plan of Shimizu Group <2019-2023>
Shimizu formulated Mid-Term Management Plan of Shimizu Group (2019-2023) in May 2019. It contains the basic policies and key strategies for the next five years.
Pos中itio期ning経of営the計M画id-〈Ter2m01M9a-na2ge0m2e3n〉tのPla位n <置201付9-2け023>
経営数値目標(連結ベース) Management Financial Goals (consolidated base)
   Towards the Realization of SHIMZ VISION 2030
Our aim is sustainable growth of the company’s value. We are positioning the next five years as an upfront investment period to establish new earnings platforms.
  Sustainable growth period with new value creation
 Upfront investment period to establish new earnings platforms
Consolidated ordinary
income ¥200 billion or higher
Construction businesses
FY2030
   ¥56.2 billion
FY2014 Result
¥133.9 billion
Non-construction businesses
Construction businesses
FY2018 Result
¥140 billion
Non-construction businesses
Construction businesses
FY2023
Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023)
SHIMZ VISION 2030
   Mid-Term Management Plan 2014 (2014-2018)
Non-construction businesses
  In order to achieve sustained growth, we plan to maintain the construction business while steadily investing in and improving profitability of non-construction businesses.
Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023)
FY2019 Results FY2023 Target Financial KPI
   (Billions of Yen)
FY2018 Results
   1,698.2
 1,517.8
 180.4
 225.6
 198.7
 26.9
 137.9
 1,880.0
 ■ ROE
10% or higher
■Equity ratio 40% or higher
■Debt to equity ratio 0.7 times or less
■Dividend payout ratio Approx. 30%
 1,550.0
 330.0
 235.0
 185.0
 50.0
 140.0
Total net sales
1,664.9
  Construction business
1,504.6
  Non-construction businesses
(Development & others)
160.3
  Gross profit
216.6
  Construction business
 Non-construction businesses
(Development & others)
196.8
 19.8
  Ordinary income
133.9
基本方針
Capital Management Policy
Investment Plan (FY2019-FY2023)
03
01
  Basic Policy
 □ Reduction of Securities Holdings
Gradually reduce securities holdings and use part of the proceeds to implement share
buybacks.
□ Increase Shareholder Returns
While maintaining a basic policy of building a foundation for long-term growth by strengthening our financial position and maintaining stable dividends (ordinary dividends), we will return profits earned through growth with a consolidated payout ratio target of 30%.
In order to achieve the 10-year Plan and establish new revenue bases, we will invest ¥750 billion over the next five years.
(JPY)
35 30 25 20 15 10
5 0
: Ordinary dividends
: Special dividends 36 36
2016 2017 2018 2019
Investment Type
Investment Amount (5 years)
 Productivity improvement & R&D
 ¥100 billion
 Real estate development business
 ¥500 billion
 Infrastructure, renewable energy, new businesses (frontier business, etc.)
 ¥130 billion
 Talent development
 ¥20 billion
 Total investment over 5 years
 ¥750 billion
    26 26
Towards ordinary dividends of ¥20 per share
16 22
Maintain stable dividends
Consolidated dividends payout r ra at t i i o o t t a ar rg ge et t o of f 3 30 0% %
     16
 6
16
12
    8
10 10
14
14
20
20
 2014
2015
2023 (FY)
 Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023)
  Our company’s basic policy is to enhance the corporate value of Shimizu Group and contribute to the achievement of SDGs.
 I. Construction Business
Transform our construction business
Respond to the business environment & maximize company capabilities Strengthen profitability of overseas construction business
Building Construction Civil Engineering Overseas Construction
Technology Development and Digital Strategy
Collaboration & Synergy
II. Non-construction Businesses
Create value beyond our core businesses Focus investment in growth areas Optimize business and regional portfolios
Real Estate Development Engineering LCV*1 Frontier Business*2
         III. Management Foundations
Talent Development and Working Style Reform
Strengthened Supply Chain and Group Management
       Global Expansion
Corporate Value
ESG-based Management
Contribution to SDGs
*1: LCV (Life Cycle Valuation): Respond to customer needs, utilize renewable energy, IoT, etc. to provide comprehensive services and solutions including investment and partnerships
*2: Emerging Frontier Business: Business development in promising future markets such as space, ocean and harmony with nature, and investment in next generation technology
     28 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 29
Mid-Term Management Plan of Shimizu Group <2019-2023>
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/strategy/index.html#sec4
See p. 23 for non-financial KPIs.
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Building Construction Business in Japan
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
We will use all of our strengths to create even more reliable construction production systems based on strong organizational alliances that include Shimizu group companies. We will work to transform the domestic building construction business, which is the core of our construction business, to enhance quality and improve competitiveness. Our goal is to antici- pate changes in society and customer needs, expand business scale, and build a stable revenue base.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Improve productivity and sales capabilities
• Leverage technology to respond to customers’changing needs • Expand renovations and enter new businesses
Type 1 urban redevelopment project in the Toranomon/Azabudai area
(completed perspective, in Minato-ku, Tokyo)
(Construction by Shimizu: Main tower (center right) and East tower (center building))
Overview of Activities
We are implementing more improvements in job site production sys- tems and infrastructure to achieve sustained growth of the domestic construction business, and are making a concerted effort on various initiatives to improve productivity and strengthen competitiveness.
We are innovating operating processes in various ways through standardization, ICT, and migrating to the cloud, developing and rolling out self-controlled robots and construction methods that streamline the construction process, and building production systems based on BIM.
As the needs of our customer and communities grow more diverse and technology advances, we are restructuring our business strategy and organization to achieve flexibility, and strengthening our proposal capabilities through use of computational design.
Future Initiatives
We will further strengthen our strategic approach and cost competitiveness from the upstream stage to improve our ability to respond to increasingly complex large-scale projects, and will accelerate development of machin- ery and construction methods and the use of AI and other next-generation technologies targeted at actual projects. We will also take advantage of our extensive construction record to strengthen our renovation business and will accelerate strategic initiatives for large-scale renovation projects that incorporate response to new functions and needs such as zero energy buildings (ZEB) and business continuity planning (BCP).
Shimizu will also pursue a finely segmented sales strategy and achieve innovation in building construction systems. We will strengthen group man- agement capabilities to maximize synergistic benefits and pursue and enter new business areas through close alliances with group companies.
 Taking on the Challenges of Prominent Large-scale Projects in Japan
Tackling Construction of the Highest Ultra-high-rise Building in Japan
Shimizu is building the main tower (Block A) and East tower (Block B-2) of the Type 1 urban redevelopment project currently under construction in the Toranomon/Azabudai area, based on the concept of a modern urban village surrounded by greenery and equipped with a plaza to foster person-to-person interaction. The main tower is an ultra-high-rise building that will be the highest building in Japan when completed, at a maximum height of about 330 m. Shimizu will continue to work full force on completing this challenging project by March 2023. (See the page at left for the completed perspective)
Development of New Technology and Evolution of Shimz One BIM
Shimizu also has large projects planned for the future. Such projects include train station buildings and redevelopment in the Greater Tokyo Area and core regional cities, and as well as e-commerce and sports business-related body-building structures and other projects. We received orders for these large projects and subsequently developed various new technologies to build ultra-high-rise buildings and wooden structures with large open spaces to achieve high quality, highly efficient construction. We also built Shimz One BIM, a system that improves operating efficiency by linking BIM design data to
every stage, from creation through fabrication and operation, and are accelerating innovation in vari- ous scenarios by using computational design tech- niques (see p. 45 for further details) to strengthen our ability to produce high value-added proposals.
Completed perspective of Moriokaminami Park PFI maintenance project (Morioka City, Iwate Prefecture)
Strengthening the Renovation Business and Contributing to Creation of a Sustainable Future
We will work to further strengthen our ability to secure orders in the renovation market, which is expected to expand in the future, through our company-wide renovation strategy based on the three cornerstones of 1) clearly outlining a sales strategy, 2) building a framework for ini- tiatives, and 3) strengthening Shimizu Group alliances. We will accomplish this by capitalizing on our extensive construction record, which stretches back more than 210 years, and using the latest environmental and BCP-related technologies.
In fiscal 2019, we performed seismic retrofitting renovation work on Yoyogi 1st Gymnasium, which Shimizu built as the swimming competition arena for the 1964 Tokyo Olympic Games. We also performed seismic retrofitting renovation work on the Ministry of Finance headquar- ters building (completed in 1943) using the large seismic base isolation structure in Japan, and successfully completed large-scale renovation
work to increase the seating capacity of Yokohama
Stadium to around 6,000 seats.
    Shimizu will continue to provide the optimal solution to the needs of customers over a build- ing’s entire life cycle and contribute to creating a sustainable future.
Business Topics
Yoyogi 1st Gymnasium (Shibuya-ku, Tokyo)
(First built in 1964, seismic retrofitting completed in 2020)
Yoyogi National Stadium, a Symbol of Challenge https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/construction/item01/content01/
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 31
     30 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
    TOPICS
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Civil Engineering Business in Japan
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu is working to improve productivity and earn- ing power by strengthening organizational skills and research and development to respond precisely to the dynamic changes in the environment surrounding the civil engineering business in Japan. We are also expanding our business domains through external partnerships. We will contribute to safe, secure, and abundant living for everyone through high quality public infrastructure.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Strengthen organizational capabilities
• Improve productivity through technology and innovation • Expand businesses
The largest shield machine in Japan (outer diameter of approx. 16.1 m) excavating the main line tunnel (south bound) Oizumi south construction project on the Tokyo Outer Ring Road in Nerima-ku, Tokyo
Overview of Activities
Shimizu has earned revenue by contributing to society. We contribute by implementing disaster prevention and mitigation measures to respond to the intensification of natural disasters, increasing national resilience, renovating aging infrastructure, and working to build important social capital. We are working to build a sustainable revenue base through systematic develop- ment of young engineers and strengthening customer support capabilities and communication skills.
Shimizu is leveraging technology such as CIM/BIM and i-Construction to improve productivity, prepare for future shortages of skilled workers, and reform our workstyle. We are also building a stronger structure to support expansion of overseas business, strengthening the engineering and technol- ogy functions, and strengthening alliances with external companies.
Future Initiatives
Shimizu is actively investing in innovative improvements to our production and management systems, implementation of i-Construction in all aspects of construction, disaster prevention and mitigation, infrastructure renovation, the energy sector, and development of other differentiating technologies. We are aiming to introduce automated and robotic construction of shield tunnels, mountain tunnels, and dams, and are targeting commercialization of a next-generation construction management system that integrates CIM/ BIM. Development of the underlying technology for Shimizu Smart Tunnel, an initiative that we are taking the lead on, is progressing and we are working to complete the entire system. Other key initiatives Shimizu will continue to work on include development and commercialization of dam restoration technology and large-scale expressway renovation technology.
 Automated Concrete Pouring System for Mountain Tunnel Lining Developed
The decline in skilled construction workers is a future concern in Japan. Skilled workers per- form the work of pouring concrete and compacting concrete in narrow spaces when construct- ing mountain tunnels, and steps to reduce their workload are therefore required. The quality of concrete compaction is also dependent on the judgment of highly skilled workers at present.
Shimizu developed an automated concrete pouring system to reduce this harsh work and improve and achieve consistent construction quality. We have deployed it in construction of the riverbank along Yuasagobou Road in Wakayama Prefecture (construction ordered by West Nippon Expressway Co., Ltd. (NEXCO West)). The
system consists of automated pouring equipment
to pour the concrete, and multiple sensors and
formwork vibrators placed at various locations. It
automates the pouring work and reduces the labor
involved. This has made quality control that is not
dependent on a skilled worker’s skill level possible.
  This system is one of the technologies used to create Shimizu Smart Tunnel and it has received high praise from customers and others. We will continue to improve the system further as we deploy it at job sites nationwide.
Concrete lining that has been poured
Formwork vibrator
Concrete sensor
Ceiling pouring outlet
Pouring nozzle
Pouring nozzle moving mechanism
Piping replacement device
 SLaT-FaB Road Slab Developed for Large-scale Expressway Renovation
Large-scale renovation and repair work on Japan’s expressways have recently begun in ear- nest. It is said that the total project will cost 4 trillion yen, half of which will be spent on replac- ing the road slab. The main steps of the construction process involve removing the existing road slabs, laying the PCa road slabs produced at the factory on previously installed slats, and connecting the slab joints with steel-reinforced concrete. However, the structure of the joints on the PCa slab currently used for replacement is thicker than on the existing slabs. This makes the weight of the slab after replacement heavier than the existing slab, and this neces- sitates reinforcement of existing slats. Making them slimmer has therefore been the challenge.
The SLaT-FaB slab developed by Shimizu achieved a weight that is equal to or less than the weight of existing slab. We accomplished this through ingenious design joint reinforcement,
Pouring nozzle movement guide rail
Concrete Concrete
pipes hydraulic pump
 controlling joint thickness, and using lightweight concrete together with embedding square steel pipe in the slab, and creating space gaps. These innovations completely resolved the challenges involved in use the current replacement PCa slab for construction and made construction easier. Shimizu intends to actively use this technology in the expressway renovation and repair work orders and link this to expansion of applications.
Ultra-compact joint
 Approx. 10 m
Joint length Approx. 200 mm
T-head method Rebar
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 33
     32 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
    Approx. 2 m
TOPICS
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Overseas Construction Business
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Utilizing our global experience and technical exper- tise, as well as Shimizu’s capability in real estate development, engineering, energy, the environment, and many other business areas, we provide optimal solutions related to cost, quality, and delivery, answer- ing customer needs and infrastructure demand, cen- tered around emerging markets.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Improve profitability of projects
• Build organizational capabilities
• Expand and broaden global presence
Medical center for Changi General Hospital, a regional general hospital in eastern Singapore
Overview of Activities
Shimizu again received orders for many projects overseas in fiscal 2019. We received numerous orders for production facilities, office buildings, and complexes from Japanese customers, local companies, local governments and multinational corporations in Singapore, China, other parts of Asia and the U.S. Orders for infrastructure projects were received in the Philippines, Indonesia, and Uganda. In addition to pursu- ing collaboration with the real estate development and other non-con- struction businesses, Shimizu is developing and increasing our global talent by giving some newly-hired employees immediate overseas assignments, personnel exchanges between Japan and overseas, pro- moting staff members who were hired locally, study abroad programs,
and other opportunities.
Future Initiatives
Shimizu will improve earning power and accelerate global expansion to maintain a stable revenue base in the construction business.
More specifically, we are rolling out a differentiation strategy through the proposal skills, technological capabilities, and trust we have cultivated in highly complex projects in various locations around the world. We will refine our management structure to make it effi- cient and effective for global expansion and our production structure to make it resilient and successful in the global market. We will also push ahead in using the integrated strengths from partnering with our real estate development, engineering, and other non-construction businesses to diversify revenue sources, expand Group businesses, and secure new revenue sources.
 Steady Accumulation of a Construction Record for Medical Facilities and Office Buildings
Shimizu builds production facilities for various customers in many locations around the world, but also focuses on construction of many other types of buildings, such as medical facilities, office buildings, and commercial facilities.
 We have continued to maintain the No. 1 rank in net sales from construction of medical facilities in Japan for many years, and have used the exten- sive track record and expertise to complete multiple medical facility projects in Singapore, Ghana, and Zambia. We currently have construction projects in progress at Singapore and Taiwan. We are also building a 250-meter-tall ultra-high-rise building, condominiums, and other buildings in Indonesia, a large office building and hotel facilities in Singapore, and completed a large lodging facility in Thailand.
Shimizu is contributing to realize our custom- ers’ businesses by utilizing our strength in being able to provide one-stop service, from design through construction.
Jakarta Office Tower Project (tentative name) in Indonesia (completed perspective)
 Contributing to Economic Growth in Africa and Asia Through ODA Projects Implemented by Japan
Shimizu has undertaken many ODA construction projects in Africa and Asia in the past. We have contributed to the economic growth of various countries by providing Japanese technol- ogy and knowledge, employing and developing local human resources through construction. Recently, we completed construction of a multi-level overpass for an intersection on the main road in Ghana and are in the process of renovation work on National Highway No. 8, which connects the second largest city in the interior of Ghana to the main international road along the coast. We are also undertaking other ODA projects in areas of Africa such as Uganda and Zambia, where we have also established a track record.
In Asia, we completed construction and renovation of three bridges in Bangladesh in the beginning of 2020. In Indonesia, we completed construction of a subway running through the capital in 2019 using the shield construction method for the first time in the country, and received an order for building a subway extension in 2020. In addition to these projects, construction of an access road to the new port for international trade and an underground power plant is proceeding smoothly. In the Philippines, we are engaged in new construction of a bridge and
new construction and expansion of a
rail yard for Light Rail Transit System
Line No.1 in Manila. We also recently
received orders for the country’s first
large subway construction project in
Manila and construction of a new
bypass in the city of Davao, south-
ern part of Mindanao Island.
Overpass for an intersection on the main road in Ghana
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 35
     34 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
    TOPICS
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Investment and Development Business
(Real Estate Development Business)
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu will optimize the business portfolio for fur- ther growth while expanding businesses and regions in the real estate development business, the core of our non-construction businesses. We will utilize the technologies of the Shimizu Group to develop com- fortable, efficient communities. We will also expand our asset management business to expand the build- ing stock business for the entire Shimizu group.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Create new value through all facets of urban development • Optimize overseas portfolio
Business Topics
Giving Tokyo a New Face
Commencement of Construction on Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 in Toyosu 6-chome https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/stock/item06/
Toyosu MiCHi no Eki urban “road station” (completed perspective, in Koto-ku, Tokyo) A complex development project located next to Shijo-mae Station in Toyosu and consisting of the largest office and hotel complex built by Shimizu, for a total investment of around 60 billion yen.
Overview of Activities
The Shimizu Group has used its integrated strengths and advanced technical capabilities to handle everything from development to the operation of office buildings, logistics facilities, hotels, residential hous- ing, and other facilities in Japan and overseas.
In fiscal 2019, in Japan, we completed construction and entered the operating phase on a series of large projects like YOKOHAMA GRANGATE and Building W of S.LOGi Niiza. We are also continuing to pursue large proj- ects such as Toyosu 6-chome and further expanding the scale of investment.
Overseas, we acquired an office in New York, in the U.S., and entered the North American real estate business. This follows the development of office buildings, data centers, residential housing, and other projects in ASEAN countries.
Future Initiatives
The Toyosu 6-chome, Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 project is located in the Toyosu Smart City area selected by the Japanese Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT), and we are building Toyosu MiCHi no Eki urban “road station” in the area being developed. A bus terminal will be at its center, and it will be a transportation hub that is equipped to serves as a place for shoppers to take a break and relax, a communication hub, and that can be used for disaster response. Shimizu will use its expertise in building a data platform for communication and disaster prevention aimed at creating a Smart City that will include the surrounding area to expand into other large development projects in key urban areas in the future to add new value in real estate development.
We will also pursue such business in North America, in addition to ASEAN countries, and will strengthen alliances with local companies to accomplish this.
 Completion of YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, a Next-generation Workplace
Located in Area 21 of Minato Mirai, YOKOHAMA GRANGATE is a rental office building devel- oped by Shimizu for a total investment of around 55 billion yen, the largest project Shimizu has taken on its own. It was completed in February 2020. An 18-story building with a total floor space of around 100,000 m2, YOKOHAMA GRANGATE is the second large investment and development project that Shimizu has built in the area after Yokohama i-Mark Place, which opened for business in 2014. It was developed based on the concept of a next-generation workplace that supports creative corporate activities and is equipped with floors that can be configured as test kitchens, R&D facilities, or other special purposes to provide a high degree of flexibility in meeting the diverse needs of tenants. We built it to meet the high- grade specifications of ecoBCP by installing a radiant air conditioning system to save energy and provide a comfortable room environment, and
by using our Dual Fit Damper, which demonstrates optimal effectiveness in the seismic isolation system for all types of earthquakes, from small and medium-sized earthquakes to large ones. In addition to obtaining the LEED Gold and CASBEE Yokohama S-rank environmental certifications, Shimizu plans to obtain the first WELL certification for a tenant building in Japan, which evaluates the buildings and room interiors from the perspective of the health and comfort of users.
YOKOHAMA GRANGATE (Yokohama City, Kanagawa Prefecture)
Acquisition of a Rental Office Building in New York
As part of our overseas expansion, Shimizu acquired sole ownership rights to the Albano Building, a rental office building located in Manhattan, New York in the U.S., in November 2019. The property was acquired for an investment of around 16.5 billion yen through Shimizu Realty Development (U.S.A) Inc., a local subsidiary that operates a real estate investment business in the U.S. Located in the center of Manhattan Island, New York, Albano Building has 16 floors with total leasable floor space of approximately 17,300 m2. It is located in an area suitable for dual office/residential use and there are many office buildings interspersed with luxury residential properties in the surrounding area. All floors are currently rented by the same tenant and the building is providing stable rental income. Shimizu intends to diversity the revenue base of its real estate business based on the Mid-Term Management Plan, and is targeting expansion into real estate investment
     overseas, in addition to Japan. We plan to further expand investment in the North American region in the future, in addition to investment in ASEAN countries. The acquisition of this property was our first concrete foray into the business.
Information on Other Trends
Business Topics
Albano Building in the U.S.
 Phase 4 Construction Begins on S·LOGI Niiza, a Shimizu Brand Distribution Facility https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/stock/item04/
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 37
     36 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
    TOPICS
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Engineering
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
We are focusing on alternative energy, environmental cleanup, life sciences, and digital solutions to pro- vide carbon-free communities and safe, secure, and healthy living environments.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Expand the EPC business* in the four core areas of energy, envi- ronment, production plants, and information technology
• Enter new markets and diversity our revenue base
Overview of Activities
In alternative energy, Shimizu contributed to cleaner energy by building 75 wind turbines with a total generation capacity of 226 MW in fiscal 2019. In environment, we successfully verified our proprietary soil-washing technology in an experiment to decontaminate soil contaminated by dioxins in Vietnam.
In production and logistics facilities, we combined plants and informa- tion to provide better solutions and expand the EPC business.
Future Initiatives
We will continue to strengthen our sales capabilities, competitiveness, and earning power in the four core areas. In the area of alternative energy, we are building the world’s largest SEP vessel, which will enable highly efficient, steady construction of ultra-large-scale wind turbines for offshore wind power, a market that shows future promise. We aim to secure top market share in offshore wind power, in addition to onshore wind power. In the environment area, we will work to further improve and diversify soil decontamination technology and will expand a wide variety of environmental cleanup businesses, such as onsite remediation and washing to reduce the amount of pollution in soil and groundwater and water decontamination. In the plant area, we will expand orders for turnkey projects by supporting higher efficiency and automation in advanced production facilities. In the information area, we will use AI and IoT to expand ICT system integration to match the facility’s purpose, the customer’s needs, and accommodate the new normal. Shimizu will also establish a global business base and expand in strategic areas, in addi- tion to our initiatives in next-generation energy, life sciences, advanced digital technology, ocean resources, and other new areas of engineering.
Highly efficient automated SEP vessel (SEP: Self-Elevating Platform) equipped with the world’s largest carrying and crane capacity, capable of constructing ultra-large-scale offshore wind turbines (completed perspective)
 Providing AI-based Solutions
Shimizu entered a capital and business alliance with EDGEMATRIX, Inc., a start-up company involved in the advance AI solution business, in August 2019. The two companies are working to manifest the synergies created to actively expand the use of AI.
In March 2020, Shimizu installed an AI-equipped product inspection system in the Kobe plant of Rokko Butter Co., LTD. This is contributing to greater productivity in the food plant by reducing the labor required in the inspection process on the filling and packaging line.
We have also installed two state-of-the-art systems in S.LOGI Niiza, a large logistics facil- ity under development in the city of Niiza. One system is an early fire detection system. This system uses AI to comprehensively analyze data obtained from various sensors and detect fire with a high degree of accuracy, which contributes of improving safety. The other system is a vehicle management and guidance system. This system uses AI to analyze images from monitoring cameras in the park-
ing lot and provide information
on open parking spaces and daily
congestion forecasts on a portal
site. This eases vehicle conges-
tion and improves efficiency in
the multi-tenant logistics facility.
Production inspection at the Kobe plant of Rokko Butter Co., LTD.
Soil Decontamination to Remove Dioxins in Vietnam
In Vietnam, soil contaminated with dioxins from defoliants sprayed by the U.S. military during the Vietnam war are still causing serious health problems today. The Vietnamese government is aiming to decontaminate all soil nationwide by 2030. Shimizu performed a soil washing experiment on soil contaminated with dioxins together with a research institution that is part of the Vietnamese Ministry of National Defence. Processing by soil washing success- fully removed 95% of contaminants. Dioxin-contaminated soil was also rendered completely harmless by using heat processing on the residue from soil washing. Shimizu will expand its environmental improvement
    business in decontamination of soil contaminated not only by dioxins, but also by heavy metals, pesticides, and other hazardous elements, in other areas. This will contribute to the economic development of Vietnam.
News Release
Soil washing plant to remove dioxins at Bien Hoa Airport in Vietnam
Shimizu Complete Soil Washing Pilot Test on Dioxin Contaminated Soil at Bien Hoa Airport, Vietnam https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2019/2019038.html
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 39
     38 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
    TOPICS
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 LCV
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu will create value across the spectrum of buildings and infrastructure, energy, and commu- nities, to improve user satisfaction and build a sus- tainable future based on the business concept of LCV (Life Cycle Valuation)*1.
*1 LCV (Life Cycle Valuation): Utilizing renewable energy, IoT, AI, etc. to provide comprehensive ser- vices and solutions including investment and partnerships
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Expand service businesses (BSP)*2
• Expand power and concession businesses
•Leverage advanced technology to promote the services business
and create smart cities
Overview of Activities
Shimizu established the LCV Headquarters in October 2017 to estab- lish stable revenue bases in the building stock management and sus- tainability business domains.
We link our BSP*2, Energy/Infrastructure management, and ICT/ Smart businesses and utilize renewable energy, IoT, AI, and other tech- nologies to provide comprehensive services and solutions, including investment and partnerships, to meet the increasingly diverse and complex needs of customers for energy savings, carbon-free opera- tions, more resilient business continuity, and healthier, more comfort- able work and living environments.
*2 BSP (Building Service Provider): Facility operation and management services after a facility is built including Project Management (PM), Building Management (BM), energy savings, and Business Continuity Planning (BCP)
Future Initiatives
We will expand our BSP business mainly by providing a wide range of one-stop services, from energy-saving equipment to manage- ment, through our facility management business and supporting the introduction of solar power generation.
In the energy and infrastructure management business, we will expand renewable energy power generation and the electric power retail business. We will also strengthen initiatives in infrastructure management.
In the ICT/Smart business, we aim to develop inclusive commu- nities and smart cities by promoting inclusive navigation systems and other services. Combining the three businesses described above will accelerate our efforts to achieve sustainable communities.
S.LOGI Niiza (Niiza City, Saitama Prefecture)
Our Investment and Development Division uses the roof of the logistics facility for a solar power generation business as part of the LCV business.
 Joint Biomass Power Generation Business with Local Community Launched
Shinshu Wood Power & Chip (SWPC) generation plant (output, 1990 kW) began operations in Tomi, Nagano Prefecture in July 2020. This business generates power by burning unused lumber from local forests of Japanese larch, Japanese red pine, and Japanese cedar. This pro- motes regional vitalization, forestry, and local production and local consumption, and creates a win-win relationship with the community.
Japan is one of the world’s most highly forested countries and the volume of the unused lumber stockpile, mainly from tree plantations is increasing year after year. We are at the stage where it is possible to make full use of this resource. While appropriate tree-thinning is required in order to properly maintain and protect the forest, the bent branches and roots that are generated by tree-thinning are left unused. The shortage of forestry managers and workers is also becoming a major issue. SWPC contributes to promotion of the forestry industry by using these unused resources effectively, using ICT in local forests, taking care of the moun- tains, and skillfully using the wood materials.
Shimizu will team up with communities and develop a biomass power generation business that contributes to community vital- ization by modeling SWPC’s business.
SWPC (Tomi City, Nagano Prefecture)
Use of Solar Power Generation in Many Initiatives in the Renewable Energy Business
A new solar power plant began operating in Tsuchiura City, Ibaraki Prefecture from July 2019. This is Shimizu’s eighth power plant. We are in the process of developing 14 solar power plants nationwide, in addition to this.
We have also launched a new business that uses solar power generation. The S.LOGI Niiza logistics facility developed by the Shimizu Investment and Development Division launched a solar power generation business on the rooftop of the facility in September 2019. We will con- tribute to improve environmental friendliness and BCP functions in the future by installing solar panels on the roofs of logistics facilities, plants, and other large facilities, and on surrounding unused land to generate electricity for these facilities.
We also partnered with a farm operator in the Midori-ku, Chiba City and launched a solar sharing business in September 2019. By installing solar panels on crop land, we will link the farming and power generation busi- ness and this will contribute to the realization of a sustainable community. Shimizu will con- tinue to pursue a diverse range of renewable energy businesses like this in the future.
    FY2019
Renewable power generation (Shimizu business)
24,048
MWh
Farm-style solar power plant in Okido, Chiba Prefecture (Midori-ku, Chiba City)
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 41
     40 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
    TOPICS
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Emerging Frontier Business
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu will expand the sphere of human activities from “onshore” to “offshore,” and from “earth” to “space,” while contributing to sustainable develop- ment of the earth and humankind. We will also con- tribute to measures to combat climate change and protect the global environment through businesses that co-exist with nature, and will be agile in investing in start-up companies as a strategic move towards the future.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Expand ocean and space businesses
• Launch environmentally innovative agri-businesses
•Invest in next-generation construction technology and global-scale
solutions
GREEN FLOAT II (announced in 2017), certified by NIPPON KAIJI KYOKAI (ClassNK) for floating structure safety due to Shimizu’s technical experimentation and analysis
Overview of Activities
Shimizu has been researching development of space, the ocean, and other untapped frontiers since the 1980s. Development is expected to progress from the R&D stage to commercialization due to advances in IT technology and an influx of private capital in recent years, and future growth is anticipated. Shimizu established the Emerging Frontiers Division in 2018 with an eye on commercialization of this area.
Future Initiatives
We will continue to focus on four areas: Space, Ocean, Nature, and Ventures in the future.
In the Space area, we will lead the new era of space business as an Integrated Space Company that provides services in building space-related facilities on earth, analyzing and using satellite data, and even development on the surface of the moon. In the Ocean busi- ness, we will create a new market for cities that float on the surface of the ocean (ocean city of the future) and build a new busines model for ocean city development, based on the concept of a Green city that utilizes the ocean.
In the Nature business, we will work on initiatives to combat cli- mate change through agri-businesses, develop sustainable communi- ties, and contribute to the revitalization of local communities.
In the Venture business, we will establish a budget for investing in venture firms that show future promise and maintain agility in investing in and collaborating with them to realize our vision of the future. We will also develop businesses in the construction business domain, and expand into the business of developing emerging frontiers.
 Small Rocket Launching Business
New technology enabling smaller artificial satellites and the diversification of missions have increased their number as well as the need for dedicated launch vehicles. In July 2018, Shimizu made an equity investment in SPACE ONE Co., Ltd., which aims to be the first pri- vate-sector based small satellite launching business, as our first foray into the space business.
Since then we have worked with our joint venture partners on developing small rockets and establishing the terrestrial infrastructure. The town of Kushimoto in Wakayama was selected as the site for construction of a launching pad where small rocket assembly, launch and control will be performed and work on that site is progressing.
It is scheduled for completion in 2021. Once completed, it will be the first private sector small rocket launch site in Japan, and will contribute to further expansion of the space business.
Image of a launch Image of a small rocket
(Both photos provided by SPACE ONE Co., Ltd.)
Using Construction Industry Expertise in Strawberry Production
Shimizu is working on large-scale greenhouses in the field of agriculture. We are participating in a strawberry production business in Hokkaido as part of a project by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries to accelerate the introduction of next-generation greenhouses.
We will create sustainable agricultural operations by utilizing our expertise in facility construction, environmental controls and other technologies, and in process and personnel management to reduce costs through large-scale facility consolidation and achieve efficient, systematic production utilizing ICT-based environmental control technology.
Strawberry greenhouse at Tomatoh Farm, a Shimizu joint venture in Tomakomai City, Hokkaido
Information on Other Trends
News release
Investment Allowance of 10 Billion Yen Set for Active Investment in Venture Firms in Japan and Overseas https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2020/2020012.html
News release
Shimizu will build a Research Center for Lignophenol, a raw material for bioplastics https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2018/2018037.html
       Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 43
     42 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
    TOPICS
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Technology Development and Digital Strategy
Shimizu will establish new research facilities, develop human resources, and implement an intellectual property strategy to accelerate the devel- opment of innovative technologies across Group businesses. We are also pursuing a digital strategy to reform business models and workstyles through the use of a digital platform.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
[Technology Development]
• Create innovative production and quality management systems
• Provide safe, secure, and sustainable communities
• Strengthen the foundations for technological development (human
resources, research facilities, external alliances, intellectual property strategy)
[Digital Strategy]
• Grow existing businesses and accelerate creation of new businesses by utilizing the latest information and communications technology to respond flexibly and swiftly to changes in the external environment
• Establish a global digital platform using the latest technology to accommodate diversity in lifestyles and working styles
    Overview of Activities
Shimizu is actively working to improve productivity and advance i-Con- struction that supports the lifestyles of people through community development and high quality infrastructure. Advances in construction robots are being achieved daily and we are accelerating the introduc- tion of these robots at job sites as the front runner in the industry. Shimizu has achieved results in technology development. We received an award from the Architectural Institute of Japan in 2019 for Zero- Shrink concrete and in 2020 for CW-QUIC quality control technology for the pilings that support buildings and other structures.
As part of our digital strategy, we are working to build a digital platform consisting of a data management platform, human resources skilled in digital technology, networks, and an infrastructure environ- ment to accelerate growth of existing businesses and creation of new businesses. We are standardizing the methods for linking data from sales to maintenance and preservation and integrating this with con- struction summary data, mainly for building construction projects in Japan. We are focusing on collecting and accumulating data on con- struction results and other information together with data on business characteristics, and building a digital management platform.
Future Initiatives
Shimizu aims to establish innovative production and quality manage- ment systems using IoT, AI, and robotics, mainly as part of Shimz Smart Site. Shimizu is working to develop technologies that are a step above the rest. To accomplish this, we are working to enhance technology for safety and security aimed primarily at response to the increasing intensity and types of disasters. Shimizu is also accelerating develop- ment of new workplaces that are at the forefront of workstyle reform and development related to the environment and energy. To realize a society in which no one is left behind, which is asserted in the sustain- able development goals (SDGs), we are also putting effort into inclu- sive technologies. We are currently working on the plans for Shiomi Innovation Center (tentative name) and also intend to build a research facility aimed at innovations in construction robots, structures, materi- als, and other aspects of production.
Through our digital strategy, we are working to improve synergies between businesses and speed up business creation. We will accom- plish this by building a digital platform and sharing information among the construction business, non-construction businesses, and affiliated companies within the Group. Shimizu will also pursue digitalization of all operations through more widespread use of devices for telecommuting and speeding up the process of going paperless in approval and payment processes to support the environmental aspects of workstyle reform.
  44 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
  TOPICS
 Introduction of Slim Fire-Resistant Wood and Shimz Hy-wood Technologies for Wooden Structures
The use of wood in medium and large-sized fire resistant buildings other than public buildings is expected to increase with stronger implementation of the Act for Promotion of Use of Wood in Public Buildings. Shimizu will also promote greater use of wooden structures that employ new technologies. We introduced Slim Fire-Resistant Wood, which is made of wood and fire-resistance components, and the Shimz Hy-wood construction method for wooden struc- tures in the construction of the Chayagasaka company housing (in Chikusa-ku, Nagoya) owned by Shimizu in July 2020. Although we used a large volume of wooden materials, 220 m3 in total, we succeeded in building a fire-resistant wooden structure that met the structural and fire-resistance performance requirements for modern buildings.
Slim Fire-Resistant Wood has a thin fire-resistant layer inserted between wooden mate- rials. It is used for wooden columns and beams and makes it possible to achieve both fire resistance and efficient space design. Shimz Hy-Wood is a wooden hybrid frame construction method that uses technology that makes it possible to connect and integrate a wooden struc- ture with a steel frame. This construction method provides superior earthquake resistance and workability and makes it possible to control the spread when a fire breaks out.
Integration of Construction Project Data and Operating Innovations in the Construction Production Process
Shimizu optimized the entire operating system, which had been optimized for each process such as sales stage to design, quoting, procurement, construction, and maintenance, and linked them to a common project code. We are building a project database that supports the efficient accumulation and use of data on improved accuracy of building information and preservation activities, and data on after service. This will make it possible to achieve dramatic innovations in the construction
     production process, not just in our company, but through col- laboration with customers and subcontractors.
To explain in greater detail, this will enable data to be obtained rapidly and simultaneously, so it will be possible to improve the quality of operations through strict risk manage- ment and operating the PDCA cycle at the upstream stage of a project. Moreover, the use of linked data from multiple operat- ing systems makes the transition from what is optimal for one part to what is optimal for the whole and improves the efficiency of the entire project. This can improve productivity. The ability to use project information safely anywhere, at any time is also leading to workstyle reform.
Design
Sales
Quotes & procurement
Construction
Maintenance and operation
 Management information Data on construction progress Payment data
BIM data
CIM data
Subcontractors
Quotes
Sales Quality
Design
Procurement Environment
Construction
Cost Safety
Maintenance
Accounting Building
Frontline support
Computer graphics
Management information Data on construction progress Payment and approval data EV operating data
Monitoring camera data
Shimizu Group
    Building Shimz Digital Design Enhancement (DDE) Platform
Shimizu is building a BIM system that integrates the design and build process using of data over the entire building lifecycle from planning and basic design to construc- tion and facility management.
We built Shimz DDE and are systematically operating it to deploy advanced computational design techniques in all design divisions company-wide to add greater value in the planning and basic design stage. Designers can use the various tools in Shimz DDE to create value-added design proposals supported by data.
Building this platform has dramatically expanded the scope of things considered when creating a design proposal. It can add even greater value than proposals by highly skilled designers. This naturally enables us to provide buildings that exceed the expectations of our customers. We also accumulate the company’s design expertise in Shimz DDE in the form of 3D data and will pass this on to the next generation as shared organizational knowledge.
Environmental simulation
Management
Conceptual diagram of data management platform
Safety and environment
  Structural simulation
Programming
Planning support function
Equipment simulation
Regulatory checking function
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 45
      e
m
e
g
o
a
n
n
r
t
e
a
m
d
e
t
a
r
a
n
d
g
s
e
o
e
o
t
p
e
n
r
I
a
t
i
n
g
d
a
t
a
s
e
l
y
t
s
k
r
w
e
s
R
e
s
p
o
f
n
s
e
o
d
i
v
t
u
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Talent Development and Working Style Reform
TOPICS
  Shimizu will secure and develop the talent who will operate the business in the next generation and create a workplace environment that establishes diverse, flexible working styles and provides job satisfaction.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu mascots Act (on left) and Will (on right) to cheer on working style reform
New HR Innovation Department Established
Finding and developing more talent to assume operation of the busi- ness in the future is an important management issue for achieving sustained growth of the Shimizu Group.
The HR Innovation Department was established on April 1, 2020 as a new organization that reports directly to the president. It
Continual Improvement of Job Satisfaction
We have held Working Style Reform Week to encourage every employee to take the initiative to reform working styles. We have also conducted the Shimizu Japan Employee Survey to quantita- tively visualize job satisfaction every year since 2018.
Multiple good examples of reforms that changed conventional practices at job sites received working style reform awards during Working Style Reform Week and were rolled out within the Company.
COLUMN
Reforming conventional practices and creating a job site office where people feel at home
Shinichi Matsumoto, Construction Manager, Building Construction Dept. III, Tokyo Branch
Many employees work in job site offices. The reason for the initiative to make this office a little home-like because employees spend the majority of their time in the office. This office is in a tenant building, but we designed it with temporary prefabs so that it can be applied to other job sites.
The office design is simple. There are no ready-made fancy tables and sofas. Desks and shelving are made of recycled materials by combining temporary construction mate- rials and laminated wooden boards used at job sites. We have created an office that has caused everyone who visited it to compliment the inviting atmosphere.
Shimizu’s “monozukuri craftmanship” is born from friendly job sites and employees with numerous ideas and a spirit of challenge.
  Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Implement a global talent strategy • Improve employee satisfaction
• Roll out inclusive talent systems
Overview of Activities
Shimizu is pursuing working style reforms and building a system of inclusive talent management that will enable all employees to fully demonstrate their abilities without respect to gender, age, nationality, or other attributes while also working continuously to hire and develop the talent who will perform our work in the future.
The mindset and behavior of every employee has steadily changed due to the implementation of company-wide events since 2018. Such events include Working Style Reform Week, the Diversity Forum, and the Challenge Forum.
Shimizu also established a new Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy in 2018 and is working to establish a corporate culture that respects human rights while pursuing initiatives in due diligence on human rights.
See the corporate website for further details. Promoting Diversity https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/diversity/
is responsible for formulating a strategy for facilitating development of leaders who will be effective globally and will take the initiative on innovation. The department is also in charge of systematic planning and promotion of talent development measures, including establish- ment of a human resource management system.
The response rate and job satisfaction KPIs* for the fiscal 2019 Shimizu Japan Employee Survey both improved.
  Job satisfaction KPI
Work satisfaction
Workplace relationships of trust Mental and physical health
Fiscal 2018
3.76 3.63 3.77
Fiscal 2019
3.80 3.67 3.80
Goal
All KPIs at 4.0 or higher up to 2023
               Construction Manager Matsumoto, who received
the Good Challenge award in the 2019 Working Style Reform awards
   Future Initiatives
technical trainees and other foreign workers who work at our job sites. We surveyed 10 subcontractors that Shimizu does business with and interviewed the business owners, confirmed documen- tation, interviewed foreign workers in their native languages, and confirmed living conditions and other conditions. The results of the survey revealed no significant human rights risks. However, some points in need of improvement were found and we will set up a ded- icated website and provide training to subcontractors, and imple- ment other initiatives to mitigate and prevent human rights risks.
We aim to establish an environment that supports diversity in human resources while also enabling everyone to feel secure and actively con- tribute for many years, as the human lifespan approaches 100 years and globalization advances further.
Shimizu will implement initiatives that promote employee mental and physical health and promote health management by energizing the workplace as the foundation for that environment.
We will also build a framework that pushes each employee to exer- cise self-initiative and take on the challenges of new work or higher level fields to further improve job satisfaction.
Rolling out the Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy
Shimizu pursues initiatives to ensure respect for human rights and enacted the Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy to serve as a guide in fulfilling that responsibility to realize our mission of being “a company that values people,” stated in our Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct.
We perform due diligence focused on the human rights of skilled workers at construction job sites as part of that mission.
In fiscal 2019, we worked with a third-party institution to conduct a fact-finding survey of the human rights risks to foreign
COLUMN
Prayer Room Established
Shimizu established the Diversity Promotion Office in 2009 to implement measures to support the active engagement of women, employees who are foreign nationals, and employees with disabilities. We established a prayer room in the head office in November 2019 as one of the Diversity Promotion Office efforts.
An informational poster using pictograms is posted at the entrance. While we anticipate that it will be mainly be used by Muslims, it is not lim- ited to a specific religion and may also be used for praying, meditation, etc.
       46 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 47
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Strengthening the Supply Chain and Group Management
Shimizu will strengthen and expand the supply chain to support a reliable production structure and achieve flexible and agile Group management that will enable development of diverse businesses.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Strengthen construction supply chain
• Enter into new alliances
• Agile group management for new business and global expansion
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 Team working at the Shin Tomei Expressway Kawanishi construction zone (Ashigarakami District, Kanagawa Prefecture)
Overview of Activities
Shimizu strengthened alliances with subcontractors, secured a reliable production structure through nationwide alliances, and developed and utilized multi-skilled construction workers who can perform many types of work to respond to a busy period for large construction projects, including facilities related to the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games. This has strengthened the current production structure and supply chain. To secure the workers who will perform construction amid a future shortage of skilled construction workers, we are also working with Kanekikai, an organization of Shimizu’s suppliers and subcontrac- tors, and other business partners to support hiring.
In Group Management, we are working to strengthen and improve our response capabilities by engaging in human resources exchanges among groups to increase sharing of expertise and technology.
Future Initiatives
  48 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
To strengthen our ability to respond to the numerous large-scale projects anticipated in various locations nationwide, we will work to strengthen the supply chain even more to ensure a reliable production structure and stronger cost competitiveness. We will steadily expand our network connections nationwide and also expand alliances with companies in Japan and overseas that possess the technologies and production structures which will enhance competitiveness.
Shimizu opened a new training center for skilled workers in fiscal 2020 to secure and train skilled workers for the future. In addition to working cooperatively with subcontractors to provide skills development training, it will also develop and test assistive tools to reduce the work- load at job sites and provide cross-training to develop multiple skills, among other types of training, to establish a new production structure.
  TOPICS
 CSR Procurement
We established the Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy in 2018, in keeping with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. To ensure fair and transpar- ent business activities, we ask all suppliers and subcontractors in our supply chain to comply with laws, regulations, and social standards, including those related to human rights and labor, in addition to our Basic Procurement Policy and Things We Request of Our Suppliers. Shimizu also holds compliance training for our subcontractors and suppliers. In fiscal 2019, we held 19 compliance training sessions, which were attended by 1,374 people from 1,322 companies.
Securing Future Workers and Improving Benefits
Despite the currently anticipated high demand in the construction industry, the trend toward an increase in the number of elderly persons and a decline in the number of young people is progressing and securing human resources is becoming an urgent issue. Shimizu is pursuing various initiatives to secure the workers to perform construction in the future.
To improve the working environment of skilled workers, we are supplementing wages if designated conditions for job site closure are met in an effort to establish a five-day work week and reduce the amount of overtime work. This will make the construction industry more attractive and help to retain workers. We are also encouraging enrollment in social insurance, and are actively moving forward on rolling out a system of career advancement in construction.
To support hiring, we implemented new job site tours for guardians in addition to the hands-on experiential tours for technical high school students to give their guardians a better understanding of the construction industry. We are developing skilled workers who have the skills to perform many types of construction work by cross-training them and this has contrib- uted to ensuring a reliable production structure.
Shimizu will recommend cross-training in multi- ple skills to subcontractors and support them in providing it this fiscal year as well. We are also working to improve benefits with a system of benefit pay for outstanding skilled workers, and are lengthening the pay period and increasing the
wage amount for outstanding foremen who have Experience in assembling formwork frames in a hands-on
“Basic Procurement Policy” “Things We Request of Our Suppliers” https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/procurement/
     received the Shimizu President’s Award.
experiential tour for technical high school students
S & BLC Technical Training Center for Hands-on Training in Group Management Fully Operational
Shimizu Building Life Care Co., Ltd. operates a building maintenance, management, and renova- tion business. To develop high-quality specialists in building management for the company, the new S & BLC Technical Training Center was built in Koto-ku, Tokyo. This is an experiential training center based on using building emergency equipment, plumbing sanitation equipment, and other actual equipment to provide hands-on training in seeing, touching, dismantling, assembling, and moving such equipment. The center began full operations in January 2020. The roughly 1,350 m2 floor space contains six hands-on technical training rooms for emergencies; plumbing sanita- tion; air conditioning and electricity; doors, windows, and screens; renovation; and a safety train- ing station; as well as two classrooms for desk learning and one office. Trainees can gain actual experience in the essential aspects of practical building management, such as checking and management of emergency response, plumbing sanitation, and air conditioning and electrical systems, handling of the special hardware for fire
   shutters, etc., maintenance and cleaning of exterior walls and floors, safety management during work, and other essential tasks. In the future, the training center will establish about 100 training courses for 400 classes and will train around 4,000 employ- ees a year to develop human resources and move them from “knowing something” to “being able to do it themselves.”
Hands-on training classrooms for emergencies
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 49
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Contributing to the Global Environment
We create value for customers and contribute to sustainable community development by engaging in business activities that have a low impact on the environment and that create and restore the environment.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
•Steady promotion of the mid and long-term CO2 reduction target “Ecology Mission 2030–2050”
• Conservation and indexing of biodiversity within our businesses
• Efforts for waste reduction and effective use of limited global resources
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 Urban Biotope, Saisei-no-Mori, in the Institute of Technology (Koto-ku, Tokyo)
Aiming to be a company that Helps to build sustainable communities
The Shimizu Global Environmental Charter established in 1991 embraces the basic principle of contributing to building a sustainable society by working to preserve the global environment and to create a better envi- ronment as a corporate citizen and as a member of the construction industry. We are pursuing environmental management through the four approaches of environmental protection, environmental business, envi- ronmental risk management, and environmental and social contributions.
Shimizu revised its Basic Environmental Policy in May 2019. The policy now applies to the entire Shimizu Group and establishes goals for contributing to the achievement of SDGs, preventing global warming, resource conservation and reuse, and preserving biodiversity. The policy contains measures to achieve each of those goals.
Nationwide expansion of renewable energy for elec- tricity used in construction through Renewable Energy Certificates (Tradeable Green Certificates)
Shimizu procured 20 GWh of power through renewable energy certif- icates (REC) for power generated from biomass. We have used green power for all electricity used in construction at sites designated by each branch nationwide since April 2020. Our goal is to procure around 8% of total annual electricity used at job sites in Japan.
We are expanding the sites covered by this in stages, every year, and are working to achieve the goal of a 10% reduction in CO2 in fiscal 2023, compared to the fiscal 2017 level. This is a KPI specified in the Mid-Term Management Plan.
CDP rating improved to A-
The CDP*3 Japan reporting conference was held on January 2020 and Shimizu’s rating improved from B in 2019 to A-. We are targeting a CDP rating of A in 2020 and beyond, and are disclosing information related to climate change based on the TCFD declaration in addition to reducing CO2 emissions from our business.
*3 CDP: A global NGO working on climate change. CDP publishes a report on responses to a climate change survey provided by over 7,000 companies worldwide to institutional investors.
    In fiscal 2019, we endorsed the domestic and overseas environmental initiatives listed at right.
· September 2019 Commitment to SBT*1, one of which is a target for reducing CO2 emission levels
· October 2019 TCFD*2 Recommendations ·February2020 DeclarationofBiodiversitybyKeidanren
   · March 2020
Keidanren Challenge Zero Declaration
  *1 SBT: Science Based Targets
Target for reduction in greenhouse gas emissions (CO2) based on scientific knowledge to keep the rise in average global temperature below 2 ̊C (1.5 ̊C).
*2 TCFD: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
Environmental Management
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/environment/manage/
50 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
  TOPICS
 Plan to use biodiesel fuel (BDF) derived from Euglena
Construction produces a large volume of CO2 emissions at job sites. The majority of those emissions are generated by the use of diesel fuel in heavy machinery and other equipment.
Shimizu procured next-generation BDF derived from Euglena from euglena Co., Ltd. and began trial operation of a commuter bus that runs between the head office and the Institute of Technology in 2020.
In the future, we are planning to use next-generation BDF in crawler cranes and other heavy machinery at our main job sites in the Greater Tokyo Area.
The GREEN OIL JAPAN declaration by euglena Co., Ltd. and others targets making Japan a global leader in biofuels. It has been endorsed by 28 local governments. companies, and organizations as of August 2020.
  Going carbon free: To prevent global warming
Shimizu is pursuing activities contained in Ecology Mission 2030–2050 medium and long-term goals for reduction in CO2 emissions. These
 goals are aimed at achieving SDG 13, Climate Action.
Medium and Long-term Goals:
0%
-40%
-50% -60%
-80%
-100%
1990
Results:
Initiatives in CO2 reduction during construction
FY2019 emissions results vs. FY1990 220,000tons-CO2 58% reduction
Initiatives in reducing CO2 in company offices
FY2020 goal vs. FY1990 58 % reduction
FY2020 goal vs. FY1990
   CO2 reduction during building operation due to energy-saving design
-47%
CO2 reduction in Shimizu offices The bullet point
indicate the offset from CO2 credits acquired by the company
C
O2 reduction during
-49%
construction
-58%
-56%
-60%
-60%
-80%
-80%
-80%
2019 2030
2050 (FY)
8,800
50
Job site emissions during construction CO2 (vs. FY1990) ◦ 60% reduction in FY2030
◦ 80% reduction in FY2050
CO2 emissions during operation of buildings designed and constructed by Shimizu (vs. FY1990) ◦ 60% reduction in FY2030
◦ 80% reduction in FY2050
Green Bond Issuance
FY2019 emissions results
45,000
vs. FY1990
47
Green Bond
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/ environment/greenbond/
vs. FY1990
49
Contribution to reducing CO2 emissions by customers
Initiatives in CO2 reduction during building operation in buildings designed by Shimizu
FY2019 emissions results
tons-CO2
% reduction
% reduction
tons-CO2
% reduction
48
% reduction
FY2020 goal vs. FY1990
 Shimizu issued its first green bond in October 2019.
We are using the proceeds to fund construction of YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, a project
involving construction of an energy-saving, environmentally friendly office building in the city of Yokohama as a project that will contribute to realizing a sustainable, earth-friendly society, which is a goal of our long-term vision. The project will take five years and have a total cost of 10 billion yen.
We will continue to consider issuing green bonds, depending on green bond market trends and project timing.
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 51
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  TOPICS
 Climate-related Financial Disclosures Based on The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendation
Main Shimizu Group Climate-related Risks and Opportunities
    Endorsed the TCFD recommendations
According to a report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) the average global temperature has risen by about 1 ̊C compared to before the industrial revolution, and is expected to rise higher as global warming progresses. Natural disasters caused by climate change may increase, and there are concerns about the financial impact on companies as well as the impact on society.
To address these issues, TCFD which was established by Financial Stability Board (FSB), released its Final Report in June 2017, which contains recommendations on the disclosure of information to stake- holders concerning the risks and opportunities from climate change for companies in four thematic areas: Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets.
Shimizu recognizes the impacts from climate change on our businesses as an important management issue, and has determined
Governance
In SHIMZ VISION 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan (2019- 2023), Shimizu and its group companies (hereafter, the “Shimizu Group”) have positioned environmental issues, including climate change, as one issue that will have a material impact on manage- ment and we have appointed an officer in charge of the environment. We have also established the SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee (chaired by the President) to deliberate on basic policies and mea- sures concerning environmental issues. This committee consists of the officers in charge of various areas such as the officer in charge of Safety Administration and Environment, the officer in charge of SDGs and ESG, and the officers in charge of Building Construction, Engineering Business, and LCV Businesses and Frontier Business. The committee deliberates on the results of specification and eval- uation of climate-related risks and opportunities and also manages progress on achieving the greenhouse gas (CO2) emission targets in Ecological Mission 2030-2050. The results of these deliberations are reported to the Board of Directors.
Important decisions on environmental issues in the Shimizu Group are communicated to business divisions (including branches) and Group companies through Environmental Management Supervisors
Strategy
Climate-related risks and opportunities that impact Shimizu Group businesses include those concerning strengthening the policies and regulations needed to build a zero-carbon society and market changes and other transitions. It can also include acute and chronic physical changes due to global warming.
Shimizu launched the company-wide, cross-organizational TCFD Working Group to extract and categorize the risks and oppor- tunities presented by these transitions and physical changes as impacts on each level: procurement, direct operations, and product demand. The Working Group analyzed the impact and the response of the Shimizu Group. While the quantitative impact has not been calculated, the relative impact on business activities was predicted and expressed as three levels: Large, Medium, and Small.
As the first stage in disclosure of information based on the TCFD recommendations, the Working Group analyzed the Construction Business and Real Estate Development Business, which is one of the non-construction businesses.
that the disclosure of related information is essential from the perspec- tive of ESG management. We endorsed the TCFD recommendations and joined the TCFD Consortium in October 2019, and recently dis- closed climate-related information in line with the recommendations.
TCFD Recommendations: Thematic Areas of Climate-related Information Disclosure
Risks
Opportunities
Risks
Opportunities
Introduction of a carbon tax
◦ A carbon tax would be changed on CO2 emissions from business activities, increasing the cost.
◦ Increase in the prices of main materials would increase costs.
Small
◦ Organize a BSP business division that specializes in facility management services.
◦ Strengthen renovation sales.
◦ Develop human resources for building management (establish technical training
centers in Group companies).
◦ Provide high environmental performance in terms of cost performance.
◦ Pursue Ecological Mission 2030-2050 and reduce CO2 emissions.
◦ Promote the proliferation of wood construction and wooden structures (wood
materials are carbon neutral and presumably would not incur a carbon tax).
◦ Promote ZEB design and construction.
◦ Work to increase the value of existing facilities based on Shimizu’s record in
sustainability and renovation*2.
◦ Pursue investment and development business based on Shimizu’s record in ZEB
construction and roll out a Shimizu brand.
◦ Pursue renewable energy businesses such as solar power, wind power, biomass, geothermal power, small hydroelectric power generation.
◦ Begin construction of a SEP ship for constructing large offshore wind farms. ◦ Develop and commercialize a hydrogen energy usage system.
◦ Pursue improvement in job site workforce reduction and productivity through the use of robots, ICT, AI, and other technologies.
◦ Improve the work environment through workstyle reform and measures to prevent heatstroke, etc.
◦ Use the Monozukuri Training Center to develop skilled workers.
◦ Strengthen alliances with suppliers, mainly with Group companies and subcontractors.
◦ Consider disaster response measures including third parties in the provisional design plans during construction.
◦ New building regulations on high environmental burden are introduced and new building demand declines. However, demand for renovation will also increase and this will require an organizational structure to respond to that.
◦ In the investment and development business, the installation of energy-saving equipment, etc. will increase property construction and operation costs.
    Expansion of need for energy-saving buildings
 ◦ Will increase demand for new ZEB projects and energy-serving renovation projects.
◦ In the investment and development business, will increase the value of properties equipped for ZEB, BEMS,*1 etc.
  Large
 Expansion of need for renewable energy
  ◦ Will expand renewable energy-related business.
◦ Demand for renewable energy facilities will increase.
   Large
  Governance
Strategy
Risk Management
Metrics and Targets
Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
Disclose the processes used by the organization to identify, assess, and manage climate-related risks.
Disclose the metrics and targets used assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities.
              Source: “Practical guide for Scenario Analysis in line with the TCFD recommendations,” 2nd edition, Climate Change Policy Division, Ministry of the Environment, Government of Japan, March 2019
Committee and Group Company Environmental Council. They are also shared with subcontractors and Shimizu is also building an environmen- tal governance structure that includes its main suppliers.
Shimizu Group Governance Structure for Environmental Issues
Main supervisory divisions in the environmental area
◦ Formulate disaster plans that include measures to prevent flooding before designing and constructing infrastructure-related facilities.
  Physical Scenario
Rise in average summer temperature
◦ The problem with a shortage of skilled workers will worsen due to the deterioration in the outdoor work environment.
◦ Heatstroke and other damage to health will increase, mainly in outdoor workers.
  ◦ Damage suffered by suppliers will make it difficult to procure materials and labor.
◦ Job site operation will become difficult and the risk of causing harm to third parties will increase.
◦ In the investment and development business, the risk of business reparations and reputational risk will increase if the lifeline of owned properties is damaged.
Large
    Increasing frequency and intensity of meteorological disasters
Medium
   Policies that strengthen national resilience
◦Construction and maintenance of infrastructure for flooding and violent rainstorms and construction to renovate buildings will increase.
◦ Pursue ecoBCP*5 for new and existing buildings.
◦ Pursue activities aimed at obtaining orders in the infrastructure maintenance
Large
business.
◦ Implement proposals for BCP preparedness (design proposals using hazard maps, etc.)
◦ Pursue development of GREEN FLOAT environmental islands.
◦ Pursue business in managing public infrastructure and facilities based on Shimizu’s record in the PFI business.
       Board of Directors
Oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities
SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee
Chair: President
Committee members:
Officer in charge of Safety Administration and Environment, officer in charge of SDGs and ESG, officers in charge of Building Construction, Engineering Business, and LCV Businesses and Emerging Frontiers, et al.
● Deliberation and decisions on basic policies and measures concerning
environmental issues, including climate change
● Formulation and roll-out of plans for company-wide measures relating
to SDGs and ESG
● Formulation and roll-out of plans for effective communication of
information on SDGs and ESG
Meeting frequency: Approx. six times a year
Market changes caused by climate change
◦ The impact from natural disasters and the rise in sea levels will increase the need to relocate facilities.
◦ The market for new construction and renovation
will expand to prepare for the increasing intensity of natural disasters.
Medium
        Acceleration of privatization of public services such as infrastructure maintenance and management
◦ The market for infrastructure maintenance and management will be opened to private companies because the government is under pressure to recover from natural disasters and this will create new business opportunities.
Medium
    *1 BEMS: An abbreviation of Building Energy Management System. Refers to a system for managing building energy.
*2 Sustainability renovation: Refers to the renovation of existing buildings mainly to improve environmental performance, BCP performance, and health and comfort.
 Environmental Management Supervisors Committee
Business divisions (including branches) Subcontractors
Group Company Environmental Committee
Group companies
Risk Management
Trends in responses to climate change in Japan and the world are reported in SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee meetings and the committee discusses climate-related risk management for the company.
In fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, this committee exam- ined aspects of external environmental changes that will impact the Shimizu Group and revised the Environmental Management Policy which specifies the company’s basic stance on environmental man- agement and provides guidelines for action. The Shimizu Group is aiming to minimize climate change related risks and business risks related to the environment and maximize opportunities based on this
Metrics and Targets
To evaluate and manage the impact of climate-related issues on management, the Shimizu Group has specified total volume of greenhouse gas (CO2) emissions as an indicator (KPI) and has set targets for reduction based on SBT (certification acquired from the SBT Initiative in September 2019).
*1 Scope 1: Emissions from use of heavy equipment and machinery (direct emissions)
*2 Scope 2: Emissions from electric power and heat purchased and used (indirect emissions
from electric power companies, etc.)
*3 Scope 3: Other indirect emissions from the supply chain
*4 Category 11: (From use of products sold) Volume of CO2 emissions from operation of
buildings that Shimizu designed and built
*5 The medium and long-term targets for Scope 1 + Scope 2 have been certified by the
SBT Initiatives as WB2D (Targets that are low enough to control the rise in temperature to under 2 ̊C).
policy. The committee has also established targets for the reduc- tion in greenhouse gas (CO2) emissions as one means of managing the risk of global warming. It has decided on specific measures to achieve the targets (in the construction business, shift from fuel oil to electric power as the form of energy used at construction sites, expand the use of electric power from renewable energy sources, etc.), and is regularly monitoring emissions volume.
The Shimizu Group will address the increasingly diverse and widespread climate change-related risks through the management of these risks.
Greenhouse Gas (CO2) Reduction Targets
Factor
Impact on Business
Degree of Impact
Shimizu’s Response
     Transition Scenario
Strengthening of various regulations aimed at achieving a carbon-free society
Medium
          Main suppliers
 The following representative scenarios were also used to examine the risks and opportunities in transitions and physical changes.
∙ Transition Scenario: One of the International Energy Agency (IEA)
scenarios in which the rise in temperature at the end of this century
is 1.5 ̊C or lower, compared to before the industrial revolution (SDS)
∙ Physical Scenario: One of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) scenarios in which the rise in temperature by the end of this century exceeds 4 ̊C, compared to before the industrial revolution (RCP 8.5) As factors that would cause a large impact, the working group selected the three factors of “expansion in the need for energy-efficient buildings,” “expansion in the need for renewable energy,” and “policies that improve national resilience” as opportunities, and the single factor of “rise in summer average temperature” as a risk. Shimizu’s response to these factors was verified. The SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee confirmed that the responses were consistent with the business strat- egy in SHIMZ VISION 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-
2023), and the results were reported to the Board of Directors.
Scope 1*1 +Scope 2*2
*3 Scope 3
(Category 11*4)
2017
Medium term: 2030 -33%*5 Short term: 2023 — Long term: 2050 -43%
      Scope
Base Year
Target Year
Target
     Short term: 2023
-10%
   Long term: 2050
  -63%*5
   Medium term: 2030
  -20%
   52 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 53
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  TOPICS
 Biodiversity: Pursuit of Green Infrastructure
The construction industry has a huge impact on the global environment and living creatures. In recent years, green infrastructure initiatives that utilize many functions of the natural environ- ment (ecosystems, scenery, controlling temperature increase, etc.) have drawn interest as an effective means of social capital development, safe and secure sustainable national land use, and local community development.
Shimizu also uses green infrastructure concepts in community development and building social infrastructure. To achieve this, we utilize the local potential and ecological landscap- ing techniques to preserve and create an
environment that is only possible in that area.
Awareness of these green infrastructure con-
cepts is shared company-wide, and we will
contribute to the realization of sustainable com-
munities in which people and living creatures
can thrive and co-exist by strengthening initia-
tives that extend beyond one area and develop-
ing closer alliances with external organizations.
Green infrastructure + (PLUS) (Japanese only)
https://www.shimz.co.jp/greeninfraplus/
     Water: Hydrologic Cycle and Ecosystem Restoration —Rain Garden—
Water is one of the foundations that support the co-existence of humans and living crea- tures. However, rapid increases in rainfall that overwhelms sewer systems in urban areas has occurred in Japan and overseas in recent years due to climate change. This has caused increasingly serious flood damage in urban areas, ocean pollution, and other problems.
Shimizu is pursuing research and development of rain gardens amid these conditions. Rain gardens are a greening technology that is useful in controlling rainwater run-off on building premises. Rain gardens are temporary reservoirs that collect rain that falls on roofs and roads, and are green areas shaped like a sunken basin that allows water to soak into the ground. They offer many advantages in addition to mitigating urban flooding damage, such as improving biodi- versity and scenery, and are becoming popular in European and U.S. cities as one type of green infrastructure. Shimizu also proposes these, mainly to customers who are highly environmentally aware, and we use them in developing sustainable premises and communities that contribute to restoring the hydrologic cycle and ecosystem.
Resources and Pollution: Resources, Energy, and Material Flow
The final disposal and recycling material flow of energy, water, and resources used and construction waste generated during construction activities in fiscal 2019 is shown below. The entire company is working as one team to reduce and recycle by-products.
Rain garden in the TERIHA SEKISUI HOUSE ARENA in Fukuoka City
Kinkai habitat (Photo taken in 2016, Setouchi City, Okayama Prefecture)
   Construction by-product final disposal rate
 FY2019 Resources, Energy, and Material Flow
%
Construction by-product generated per square
INPUT
Office activities
Green procurement
Main construction materials
Construction activities
OUTPUT
meter (FY2019 results) 16.3
Environmental Performance Data
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ csr/environment/data/index.html#material
Office activities
3.0
(FY2019 results)
  Construction activities
 Construction waste generated (from construction
Miscellaneous debris
work) Construction sludge
 2.29 million tons
Mixed waste
Wood chips from construction
   Controlled final disposal: 50,000 tons
 Minimally controlled final disposal: 40,000 tons
 Recycling: 1.73 million tons
2 kg/m
 54 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Health and Safety
Shimizu stands on the principle of respect for human life and human beings and places the highest priority on safeguarding the lives and health of our employees in all corporate activities. Our basic policy on health and safety management is to establish a corporate culture that is grounded in safety and maintain a safe, com- fortable work environment, as we maintain the goal of zero accidents resulting in serious injury or death and zero accidents involving the public.
Measures for Achieving Our Goal
1. Perform risk assessments to promote preventive safety and continually strive to reduce occupational accidents.
2. Conduct business activities in a manner that achieves both safety and production, based on safety as the
highest priority.
3. Encourage independent safety management by subcontractors and efforts to prevent accidents.
4. Improve initial education on projects and eliminate accidents involving new workers.
5. Educate employees, equip them with the knowledge and power to act, and develop them as promoters of
disaster prevention.
6. Provide comprehensive education on preventing health hazards to eliminate exposure to dust and other
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 materials that are harmful to health.
Fiscal 2019 Health & Safety Results
The LTI (lost time injury) frequency rate*1 in fiscal 2019 was 0.64, on par with fiscal 2018.
Analysis of Accidents in Fiscal 2019 and Future Measures
An analysis of accidents in fiscal 2019 revealed that the largest number of ac- cidents by type involved high falls, being pinned, and slips and trips, followed by low falls. Accidents resulting in four or more days off work decreased, while high falls, which is designated in key measures, increased in both number and percentage of total accidents.
In fiscal 2020, we established the major premise of ensuring safe work- places to eliminate falls from high places. We provided safety belt testing equip- ment and practical training on safety belt use to ensure appropriate use of safety belts and took steps to raise awareness through vocal “praise and advise” activ- ities. In addition to these measures, we will also operate a strict penalty system and take various other steps to prevent accidents.
Trend in LTI (lost time injury) Frequency Rate
2.0
1.5
 Shimizu Construction industry
All industries 1.63 1.66
1.09
0.64 0.64
1.83
1.80
1.69
 1.61
0.92
 1.0 0.81
  0.5 0.59
0.53 0.47 2016 2017
0.64
2018 2019 (FY)
 0.0
2015
 Breakdown by Type of Accident
 *1 LTI (lost time injury) frequency rate: The number of deaths and injuries per million cumulative man-hours.
2018
(61 accidents)
118865 23
  Figures for all industries and for the construction industry represent accidents resulting in one or more lost workdays, calculated on a calendar-year basis. Figures for Shimizu represent accidents resulting in four or more lost workdays, calculated on a fiscal-year basis.
20197111151114 (59 accidents)
*2 *3
Low falls*2 High falls*3 Being pinned Flying & Slips & trips Other falling objects
Low falls: Accidents involving falls from a height of less than 2 m High falls: Accidents involving falls from a height of 2 m or higher
 TOPICS
 Shimizu Group Health Management Declaration
The Shimizu Group will provide an environment in which employees can be healthy and work ener- getically, and that will help improve the job satisfaction and happiness of all employees.
The Shimizu Group aims to be a company that advances each employee by ensuring that each employee can be healthy, work energetically, and demonstrate the skills they possess. To accomplish these thing, we have established a company-wide structure for improving employee health and promoting improvements in the workplace environment, and continue to take the necessary steps. A committee dedicated to this has been es- tablished with the president as the committee chair, and this committee is promoting the following measures.
Concrete Measures
Determine policy and measures
Follow-up, provide support, and verify effectiveness
Prevent mental & physical illness and build health
Improve health measures and the working environment
     ● Consistently perform various kinds of exams and stress checks ● Provide health guidance and promote health education for people at risk of lifestyle diseases ● Promote anti-smoking measures ● Reduce long working hours ● Provide support for working while undergoing medical treatment, etc.
Health management promotion cycle
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 55
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers (as of June 30, 2020) Directors
 Yoichi Miyamoto
Chairman of the Board and Representative Director
Kazuyuki Inoue
President and Representative Director President and Executive Officer
Hiroshi Fujimura
Senior Managing Officer
Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, and Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects
Kimio Handa
Director & Senior Managing Officer Director, Corporate Ethics Office
In charge of Administration and SDGs & ESG
      July 1971 : June 2003 :
April 2005 : June 2005 : April 2006 : April 2007 :
June 2007 : April 2016 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, HOKURIKU Branch of the Corporation Executive Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation Senior Managing Officer, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion of the Corporation
President and Representative Director of the Corporation
Chairman of the Board and Representative Director of the Corporation(up to the present)
April 1981 : April 2013 :
April 2014 : April 2015 : June 2015 : March 2016 : April 2016 : April 2020 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div. II, Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Director, NAGOYA Branch of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, NAGOYA Branch of the Corporation
Director, Senior Managing Officer, Director, NAGOYA Branch of the Corporation
Director, Senior Managing Officer, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion of the Corporation President and Representative Director of the Corporation
President and Representative Director, President and Executive Officer of the Corporation(up to the present)
April 1979 : April 2015 :
January 2016 : April 2017 : April 2018 : November 2018 :
April 2019 : April 2020 : June 2020 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Building Headquarters, Deputy Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div. of the Corporation Executive Officer, Building Construction Headquarters, Deputy Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div. of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Building Construction Headquarters, Deputy Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div. of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, Director, Building Construction Sales & Marketing Div. of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, Director, Building Construction Sales & Marketing Div., Director, Development Promotion Dept., Building Construction Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, Building Construction Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, and Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects of the Corporation
Director & Senior Managing Officer
Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters,
Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects (up to the present)
April 1979 : July 2005 :
June 2008 : June 2010 : April 2014 : April 2018 :
April 2020 : June 2020 :
Joined the Corporation
Manager, Accounting Dept., Civil Engineering Headquarters of the Corporation
Manager, Accounting Dept., Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Deputy Director, HOKURIKU Branch of the Corporation
President and Representative Director of Shimizu Comprehensive Development Corporation Managing Officer, Deputy Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, in charge of Compliance, Civil Engineering Headquarters, Deputy Director, Corporate Ethics Office of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, Corporate Ethics Office, and in charge of Compliance, Sales & Marketing Headquarters of the Corporation Director & Senior Managing Officer
In charge of Administration,
In charge of SDGs & ESG,
Director, Corporate Ethics Office (up to the present)
         Toshiyuki Imaki
Toru Yamaji
Tsunehiko Yamanaka
Senior Managing Officer and Representative Director Director, Civil Engineering Headquarters
In charge of Safety Administration & Environment
Director
February 1998 : July 2004 : June 2011 : June 2014 :
March 2017 : June 2017 :
Joined IBM Japan, Ltd.
Joined the Corporation
Director of SHIMIZU & CO., LTD. President and Representative Director of SHIMIZU & CO., LTD. (incumbent) Resigned from the Corporation Director of the Corporation(up to the present)
Director
April 1974 : July 2001 : June 2005 :
June 2009 :
June 2011 :
June 2015 :
June 2017 : June 2017 :
June 2019 :
Joined Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
President of AJINOMOTO VIETNAM CO., LTD. Corporate Executive Officer, General Manager, Human Resources Dept. of Ajinomoto Co., Inc. Director, Corporate Vice President of Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Director, Corporate Senior Vice President of Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Representative Director, Corporate Executive Deputy President of Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Senior Advisor of Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Outside Auditor of HOUSE FOODS GROUP INC. (incumbent)
Director of the Corporation (up to the present)
Executive Vice President and Representative Director Executive Vice President and Executive Officer Director, Building Construction Headquarters,
In charge of Information Management and Productivity Improvement
Executive Vice President and Representative Director Executive Vice President and Executive Officer
In charge of Engineering Business, LCV Business and Emerging Frontiers
April 1980 : April 2013 :
March 2016 : April 2016 : April 2018 : June 2018 :
April 2020 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, HOKKAIDO Branch of the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, KANTO Branch of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Director, KANTO Branch of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, Civil Engineering Headquarters of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer and Representative Director, Director, Civil Engineering Headquarters of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer and Representative Director, Director, Civil Engineering Headquarters, in charge of Safety Administration & Environment of the Corporation(up to the present)
Motoaki Shimizu*1
Tamotsu Iwamoto*2
   April 1980 : April 2007 :
June 2008 :
April 2010 : April 2013 : April 2014 :
June 2015 : January 2016 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, Tokyo Building Construction Business Div. III, Building Headquarters of the Corporation Executive Officer, Manager, Human Resources Dept. of the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, HOKURIKU Branch of the Corporation Managing Officer, Director, HOKURIKU Branch of the Corporation Senior Managing Officer, Deputy Director, Building Headquarters and Director, TOKYO Branch, Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Director, Senior Managing Officer, Deputy Director, Building Headquarters and Director, TOKYO Branch, Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Director, Senior Managing Officer, in charge of Tokyo Metropolitan Area, Director, TOKYO Branch of the Corporation Executive Vice President and Director, in charge of Tokyo Metropolitan Area, Director, TOKYO Branch of the Corporation Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Director, Building Construction Headquarters, in charge of Productivity Improvement and Information Management of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Director, Building Construction Headquarters, in charge of Productivity Improvement, Information Management, and Nuclear Business of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Director, Building Construction Headquarters, in charge of Productivity Improvement, Nuclear Business, Information Management, Director, Digital Strategy Promotion Div. of the Corporation Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Executive Vice President and Executive Officer, Director, Building Construction Headquarters, in charge of Information Management and Productivity Improvement of the Corporation(up to the present)
April 1981 : April 2011 :
April 2012 : April 2015 : April 2016 : April 2017 :
June 2017 :
April 2018 : March 2019 : April 2020 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Deputy Director, TOKYO Branch, Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion, Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div., Building Construction Headquarters of the Corporation Executive Vice President and Representative Director, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion, Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div., Building Construction Headquarters of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Executive Vice President and Executive Officer, in charge of Engineering Business and LCV Business, and in charge of Emerging Frontiers of the Corporation(up to the present)
Aya Murakami*2
Mayumi Tamura*2
    April April
April
April
April
2016 : 2017 :
2018 :
2019 :
2020 :
Director
April 1977 : April 1996 :
July 1998 :
January 2001 : August 2003 : December 2006 :
April 2011 : June 2015 :
Joined the Ministry of Labor
Director of Women’s Welfare Division, Women’s Bureau, Ministry of Labor Member of Long-term Care Insurance Promotion Office, Director of Welfare Promotion for the Elderly Division, Health and Welfare Bureau for the Elderly, Ministry of Health and Welfare
Director of Promotion Division, Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office Director-General, Saitama Labour Bureau of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare Managing Director of Japan Institute for Women’s Empowerment & Diversity Management
Professor, Department of Law, Faculty of Law, Teikyo University (incumbent) Director of the Corporation (up to the present)
Director
April 1983 : July 2002 :
December 2004 : June 2007 :
May 2010 :
June 2015 : June 2017 :
June 2017 : June 2019 :
Joined Sony Corporation
Executive Officer of Johnson Diversey Corporation (currently CxS Corporation)
CFO of adidas Japan K.K.
Executive Officer, Senior Vice President and CFO of Seiyu Corporation (currently Seiyu GK.)
Executive Officer, Senior Vice President and CFO of Seiyu Corporation (currently Seiyu GK.) and Executive Officer, Senior Vice President and CFO of Walmart Japan Holdings GK. (Currently Walmart Japan Holdings K.K.)
Outside Auditor of Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (incumbent) Outside Director of Hitachi High-Technologies Corporation (currently Hitachi High-Tech Corporation) (incumbent)
Director of the Corporation (up to the present)
56
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 57
*1 Director Motoaki Shimizu is a Non-Executive Director and head of the Nomination and Compensation Committee. *2 Directors Tamotsu Iwamoto, Aya Murakami and Mayumi Tamura are External Directors.
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Hideto Watanabe
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (standing)
April 1980 : Joined the Corporation
June 2006 : Manager, Accounting Dept. of the Corporation June 2016 : Manager, Audit Department of the Corporation June 2017 : Audit & Supervisory Board Member (up to the
present)
Koichi Matsuoka
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (standing)
Hatsuhito Kaneko*3
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (standing)
Executive Officers
President Kazuyuki Inoue
Executive Vice Presidents Toshiyuki Imaki
Director, Building Construction Headquarters,
In charge of Information Management, Productivity Improvement and Associated Companies
Toru Yamaji
In charge of Engineering Business,
LCV Businesses and Emerging Frontiers
Koji Ikeda
In charge of Kansai Area,
Director, KANSAI Branch,
Deputy Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Project, in charge of Building Construction, Yumeshima Project
Senior Managing Officers
Tsunehiko Yamanaka
Director, Civil Engineering Headquarters,
In charge of Safety Administration & Environment
Yutaka Ishikawa
In charge of Technology,
Director, Technology Planning Div., Director, Institute of Technology
Koichi Ishimizu
In charge of Tokyo Metropolitan Area,
Director, TOKYO Branch,
In Charge of Nuclear and Thermal Power Generation Businesses
Hiroshi Fujimura
Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects
Shigeru Namioka
Director, KANTO Branch
Kimio Handa
In charge of Administrative Functions,
SDGs & ESG Promotion Director, Corporate Ethics Office
Masahiro Indo
Director, Production Technology Div., Building Construction Headquarters
Managing Officers Yoshito Tsutsumi
Director, KYUSHU Branch
Kentaro Ikeda
Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Masatoshi Misawa
Director, CHIBA Branch
Masanobu Onishi
Director, Design Div., Building Construction Headquarters
Naoki Kita
In charge of International Business, Civil Engineering Headquarters
Hiroaki Taniguchi
Director, NAGOYA Branch
Shinichi Takiguchi
Director, Emerging Frontiers Div., In charge of Sales & Marketing, Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Takahisa Shirota
In charge of Sales & Marketing, Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Akira Yamazaki
Director, Procurement & Estimation Center, Building Construction Headquarters
Atsushi Osada
Deputy Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Takeshi Sekiguchi
General Manager, Engineering Headquarters
Yasuhide Kuwahara
Director, TOKYO Civil Engineering Branch
Mitsuo Morii
Director, Global Strategy Div.
Yoshiki Higashi
Director, Corporate Planning Div.,
In charge of Human Resource System Reform
Takao Haneda
In charge of General Affairs,
Director, Corporate Ethics Help-line Office,
In charge of Crisis Management General Manager
Executive Officers Tatsuya Shinmura
Director, YOKOHAMA Branch
Yutaka Gozu
Senior Project Director, Singapore
Neil Road Development Project, International Div.
Takefumi Saito
Director, HOKURIKU Branch
Osamu Nakagawa
Director, HOKKAIDO Branch
Kojiro Shimizu
Director, TOHOKU Branch
Kouichi Yamashita
Director, KOBE Branch
In charge of Construction, Kansai Area
Toshihide Suenaga
In charge of Marketing & Sales promotion Kansai Area,
In charge of Sales & Marketing, Yumeshima (Osaka) Project
Yoshinari Dendoh
Manager, Human Resource Dept., In charge of Working Style Reform
Tomoaki Harada
Director, Building Construction Planning Div., Building Construction Headquarters, Director, Monozukuri Training Center, Building Construction Headquarters,
In charge of Tokyo Mokkoujou, Building Construction Headquarters, Director, Shiomi Project
Masamichi Miki
Director, HIROSHIMA Branch
Yasuhide Yamada
In charge of Sales & Marketing, Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Masakazu Hyodo
In charge of Finance & Accounting, Affiliated Business Dept., and IR
Kazuhiko Kato
Deputy Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Kenichi Ozono
Manager, Operation Control Dept.
Haruhiko Washimi
General Manager, Investment and Development Div.
Tetsu Mizuno
In charge of Sales & Marketing, NAGOYA Branch
Takayuki Sakakima
Deputy Director, Design Div., Building Construction Headquarters, In charge of Structure
Toshikazu Tsuji
In charge of Civil Engineering, Kansai Area,
In charge of Civil Engineering, Yumeshima (Osaka) Project
Yoshihiro Higuchi
Director, Technology, Civil Engineering Headquarters
Sadao Matsuhashi
In charge of Technology, Civil Engineering Headquarters
Toru Furuya
President and Representative Director, Shimizu America, Inc.
Kazuya Osako
Director, SHIKOKU Branch
Hideo Yokoyama
Director, Building Construction Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Hitoshi Fujita
Director, International Div.
          April 1981 : July 2006 :
April 2008 : April 2013 :
June 2017 : June 2020 :
Joined the Corporation
Manager, Accounting Dept., TOHOKU Branch of the Corporation
Manager, Financial Management Dept. of the Corporation
Manager, Affiliates’ Business Dept. of the Corporation
Manager, Audit Dept. of the Corporation Audit & Supervisory Board Member (up to the present)
April 1979 : June 2006 :
October 2006 :
June 2008 :
June 2009 : June 2011 : June 2012 : June 2013 : June 2015 : June 2016 : June 2017 :
Joined Mitsubishi Trust and Banking Corporation
Executive Officer, General Manager, Retail Business Planning Promotion Department of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation Executive Officer, General Manager,
Retail Business Planning Department of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation Executive Officer, Manager, KYOTO Branch and KYOTO Central Branch of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Managing Executive Officer of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Senior Managing Executive Officer of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation Senior Managing Director of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Director, Deputy President of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation Representative Chairman of Mitsubishi UFJ Real Estate Services Co., Ltd.
Outside Corporate Auditor of Mitsubishi Paper Mills Limited
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Shimizu Corporation (up to the present)
   Tetsuya Nishikawa*3
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (part-time)
Kaoru Ishikawa*3
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (part-time)
  April 1972 : August 1989 :
April 1993 :
March 1998 : January 2007 :
August 2009 : November 2011 :
December 2011 :
January 2012 : June 2012 :
May 2013 : June 2013 : June 2014 :
December 2018 : June 2020 :
Joined National Policy Agency
Manager, Investigation Div. II, The Criminal Investigation Bureau of Metropolitan Police Department
Chief of Wakayama Prefectural Police Headquarters
Chief of Niigata Prefectural Police Headquarters Director General, Minister’ Secretariat of Ministry of Defense
Assistant Chief Cabinet Secretary
Advisor to Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. (currently Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.) Registered as Lawyer (Daiichi Tokyo BAR Association)
Joined Kasahara Law Office (incumbent)
External Auditor of TAIHEI Engineering Co., Ltd. (incumbent)
External Auditor of SEKIDO Co., Ltd. (incumbent) External Director of LAC Co., Ltd. (incumbent) Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Corporation (incumbent)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Soken Co., Ltd. (incumbent)
Director, Kodokan Judo Institute (up to the present)
April 1972 : September 2002 :
January 2005 : January 2007 :
June 2010 :
April 2013 : June 2013 :
April 2014 :
May 2014 : June 2015 :
June 2016 : June 2017 : June 2020 :
Joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Manager, International Society Cooperation Dept., Foreign Policy Bureau
Chief, Economic Affairs Bureau
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Egypt
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Canada
Retired the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Senior Managing Director, The Japan Forum on International Relations, Inc.
Specially-appointed Professor, Kawamura Gakuen Women’s University (incumbent)
Director, Kawamura Gakuen (incumbent)
Director, The Society for Promotion of Japanese Diplomacy (incumbent)
Auditor of the Corporation (incumbent)
Outside Director of SMK Corporation (incumbent) Director, Mitsubishi UFJ Foundation (up to the present)
  *3 Audit & Supervisory Board Members Hatsuhito Kaneko, Tetsuya Nishikawa, and Kaoru Ishikawa are independent outside auditors.
58 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 59
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Governance
Basic Views on Corporate Governance
Shimizu manages the company based on the principles contained in our corpo- rate credo, The Analects and the Abacus. We strive to manage the company in a timely, highly efficient, transparent, and lawful manner to achieve sustained growth and increase corporate value over the medium and long term, while also earning a greater degree of trust from all our shareholders, investors, and all other stakeholders, including customers, employees, and local communities. We do so by fulfilling our social responsibilities through business activities.
To achieve this, we have separated the management strategy and deci- sion-making function from the business execution function, and have estab- lished a structure that enables the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board to appropriately supervise and audit the performance of each of these functions. Our basic policy on corporate governance is for our directors, exec- utive officers, Audit & Supervisory Board members, and employees to imple- ment compliance management based on the highest ethical standards.
Overview of the Corporate Governance Structure
Shimizu has adopted the structure of a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board. We have limited the number of directors and introduced an executive officer system to clearly separate the management strategy, decision-making, and oversight functions from the business execution function. We have estab- lished a system for supervising and overseeing management from an objective and neutral perspective by taking steps to encourage energetic debate at Board of Directors meetings, and by electing outside directors, other non-executive directors, and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members who maintain a high degree of independence. The concrete structure and implementation status are detailed below.
∙ To promote more energetic debate by the Board of Directors and strengthen the management function, one-third or more of the total number of directors do not have executive duties. We elect non-executive directors to supervise corporate management and the execution of duties from a standpoint that is
independent of the business execution function.
∙ Outside directors and other non-executive directors and outside Audit &
Supervisory Board members use their extensive experience and sophisticated insight based on their individual career histories to oversee and supervise man- agement and provide necessary advice as appropriate.
∙ The Company established a structure mainly consisting of the head office administrative departments to provide timely information and other materials to assist outside directors and other non-executive directors in performing their management supervisory duties.
∙ The relevant divisions provide an overview of the Company and detailed explanations of the businesses, and other matters as guidance to new outside directors.
∙ Outside directors audit all duties performed by directors from a fair and impar- tial perspective.
∙ The Audit & Supervisory Board Members Office was established as the dedi- cated organization to support Audit & Supervisory Board members. This office secures the necessary support staff to enable more effective audits by Audit & Supervisory Board members.
∙ Audit & Supervisory Board members improve the effectiveness of management supervision by attending important meetings and obtaining sufficient information from officers and employees without delay.
∙ When a Board of Directors meeting is held, the Board of Directors administrative office and other divisions provide explanations in advance to the outside directors, non-exec- utive directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board members.
∙ Outside directors and other non-executive directors regularly exchange opin- ions with the chairman and president.
∙ Regular Outside Officers Meetings are held for outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, and regular Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members Meetings are held for outside directors and all Audit & Supervisory Board members to facilitate the exchange of opinions.
Main Governing Bodies Established by Shimizu
(including discretionary committees and other meeting formats)
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors holds meetings once a month as a rule, and as needed. It makes decisions on matters specified in laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation as well as other important matters, and supervises the execution of duties. The Articles of Incorporation specifies 12 as the maximum number of directors. These directors consist of seven executive directors who are highly knowledgeable in each area of Shimizu’s business and four non-executive direc- tors, three of whom are outside directors with extensive expertise and experi- ence in their respective specialties. All three meet the standards for indepen- dence specified by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The Chairman and Representative Director serves as the chair of the Board of Directors.
Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board meets once a month as a rule, and additionally as necessary. It makes decisions on audit policy, audit plans, auditing methods, and other important audit matters, and deliberates on necessary matters concerning audits. The Articles of Incorporation sets the number of Audit & Supervisory Board members at a maximum of five, including three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. The chair of the Audit & Supervisory Board is an Audit & Supervisory Board member chosen through discussion by the Audit & Supervisory Board. All three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members meet the standards set by the Tokyo Stock Exchange for independent officers, and oversee the management of Shimizu from an objective and neutral standpoint.
Nomination & Compensation Committee
Shimizu has established a Nomination & Compensation Committee to ensure fairness and transparency in the selection, dismissal, evaluation, and com- pensation of directors and executive officers. The members of this committee consist of four non-executive directors (three outside directors and one non-ex- ecutive internal director) and two executive directors. The committee is chaired by a non-executive director.
Risk Management Committee
Our Risk Management Committee ascertains and analyzes risks that would have a serious impact on our corporate group, which consists of Shimizu and its subsidiaries. It also determines key risk management items, and follows up and reports to the Board of Directors. The President and Representative Director serves as the chair of the committee and one full-time Audit & Supervisory Board member also attends committee meetings.
Committee on Corporate Ethics
Shimizu has established the Committee on Corporate Ethics to determine com- pany-wide policies on strict compliance with corporate ethics, laws and regu- lations, and deploy and follow up on compliance. The committee is also tasked with collecting all information on serious incidents involving wrongdoing as well examining ways to prevent incidents and recurrence and issuing directions to accomplish that. The President and Representative Director serves as the chair of the committee. One full-time Audit & Supervisory Board member and one outside expert (an attorney) also attend committee meetings.
Executive Officers Council
Shimizu has established an Executive Officers Council to communicate import- ant matters and policies decided by the Board of Directors to executive officers and provide instructions to them. The President and Representative Director serves as the chair of this council and members consist of executive directors (other than the chair) and executive officers. One full-time Audit & Supervisory Board member also attends council meetings.
Overview of Corporate Governance Structure (as of June 26, 2020)
 Item
 Description
 Organizational form
Number of Directors
Director term
Number of female Directors
Number of Non-Executive Directors
Number of Independent Directors
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Number of Independent Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Executive officer system*
Name of Accounting Auditor
Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board
11 (maximum of 12 permitted)
1 year
2
4 (including 3 independent Directors)
3
5
3
Yes
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
           Diagram of Corporate Governance Structure
* On April 1, 2020, the executive officer system was partially revised. Responsibility for operational execution was clarified to strengthen the business execution function and the percentage of non- executive directors was increased to strengthen the management supervisory function.
Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Our Board of Directors evaluates the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors once a year.
A summary of the evaluation method and results for 2019 are provided below:
(1) Evaluation Method
Self-evaluation through discussion by all directors and all Audit & Supervisory Board members ∙ Time period: 12 months beginning in January 2019 (one year)
∙ Evaluation date: December 2019 Board of Directors meeting
∙ Main items evaluated: Composition, function, and operational status of the
Board of Directors, status of support provided to outside directors, status of training and other support provided to directors, status of dialog with share- holders and stakeholders, and other aspects of operation
(2) Summary of Evaluation Results
Shimizu’s Board of Directors is judged to be operating effectively. The fol- lowing main issues for future consideration were also raised as opinions and proposals during discussion.
Functional & operational status of Board of Directors meetings: (1) Strengthen the management strategy and management supervisory function to maintain global, group awareness. (2) Revise the criteria for referral to the Board of Directors and oper- ate meetings efficiently to secure sufficient time for discussion of important matters.
Status of support for outside directors: (1) Provide advance explanations of Board of Directors meeting items earlier and provide more information that will contribute to management. (2) Increase the number of opportunities outside of Board of Directors meetings for non-executive directors (including outside directors) or outside Audit & Supervisory Board members to exchange opinions with the Chairman and President.
Dialog with Shareholders and Investors: Report the opinions obtained from shareholders and investors through IR activities, etc. to the Board of Directors in a timely manner.
(3) Future Initiatives
Shimizu will use the results from evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors to further improve its effectiveness and corporate governance.
 President/Representative Director
Shareholders/General Meeting of Shareholders
   Directors/Board of Directors
      Nominating Compensation Committee
Appoints & supervises
Instruct, notify, and supervise
Reports
Internal audits Whistleblowing
Audit Department
Internal audits
Corporate Auditor’s Office
Reports
Reports
Audit & Supervisory Board Members/ Audit & Supervisory Board
Reports
Reports
Audits
     Instructs, notifies, and supervises
Various types of meetings and committees
 Executive Officers
Risk Management Committee
Summarizes Information
Reports and refers for discussion
Reports
 Operating Divisions
Audits and reports
Advises and guides
 Committee on Corporate Ethics
Corporate Ethics Office
Accounting Auditor
Law Firm
Whistleblowing
Reports
Instructs and communicates information
  Reports
Consultation and Reporting Desks (Corporate Ethics Help-Line Office)
Internal audits
 Subsidiary Presidents
Operating Divisions
 Appoints
Discloses information
Appoints
Appoints
 Investigates
Investigates
        Discloses information
Provide information
   60 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 61
      Stakeholders
Nominates & supervises
Reports and refers for discussion
Consultation Reports
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Governance
Appointed Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (as of June 30, 2020)
Outside Directors
Tamotsu Iwamoto
Aya Murakami
Mayumi Tamura
Hatsuhito Kaneko
Tetsuya Nishikawa
Kaoru Ishikawa
Support Structure for Outside Officers (outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
  Name
Independent Officer
Important Concurrent Positions
Reasons for Appointment
Meeting Attendance During FY2019
    ○
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, House Foods Group Inc.
Tamotsu Iwamoto possesses expert knowledge and experience as an officer of listed companies and extensive knowledge and experience from many years in corporate management. Shimizu deemed him to be appropriate for appointment as an Outside Director because we think he will utilize this experience in supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 12 out of a total of
12 meetings (100% attendance rate)
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 16 out of a total of
16 meetings (100% attendance rate)
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 12 out of a total of
12 meetings (100% attendance rate)
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 16 out of a total of
16 meetings (100% attendance rate) Audit & Supervisory Board meetings: Attended 16 out of a total of
16 meetings (100% attendance rate)
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 16 out of a total of
16 meetings (100% attendance rate) Audit & Supervisory Board meetings: Attended 16 out of a total of
16 meetings (100% attendance rate)
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 16 out of a total of
16 meetings (100% attendance rate) Audit & Supervisory Board meetings: Attended 16 out of a total of
16 meetings (100% attendance rate)
Shimizu has established a system to provide information to facilitate supervision of management by outside directors and other non-exec- utive directors in performing their duties. The administration depart- ments in the head office play the main role in providing this information in a timely manner.
The Corporate Auditor’s Office was established as a dedicated organi- zation to support Audit & Supervisory Board members. A sufficient number
Policy on Determining Officer Compensation
Director and executive officer compensation consists of a base salary which is paid monthly and performance-linked bonuses. Shimizu has established a Nomination & Compensation Committee which mainly consists of non-executive directors, including outside directors, to ensure fair and transparent evaluation and compensation of directors and officers through deliberation by the committee.
Director bonuses are indexed to consolidated net income, which represents the ultimate results of Shimizu Group business activities for one fiscal year. The degree of progress on achieving the goal for con- solidated ordinary income for the fiscal year is also considered and the basic bonus is calculated by multiplying the net income indicator by a certain percentage. This is multiplied by a specific index for each posi- tion and an additional amount is added to according to the performance of each director. Moreover, an amount equivalent to 20% of the bonus is granted as compensation for acquiring Company shares to give direc- tors greater shared value with shareholders and to enhance corporate value over the medium and long term. The share-based compensation
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation (FY2019)
of staff members have been secured to assist outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
When a Board of Directors meeting is held, materials are distrib- uted in advance and the Board of Directors administrative office and other divisions provide explanations in advance to the outside directors and the outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
for each director is contributed to the officers’ stock ownership plan and is used to acquire Shimizu shares. Directors must also hold the shares acquired while employed by Shimizu and for a certain period of time after leaving the company.
Non-executive directors, including outside directors, are only paid a monthly salary to enhance the management supervisory function.
A maximum total of 90 million yen a month in director compensation was established at the 117th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2019. Compensation of outside directors is capped at 10 million yen of the amount noted above. A maximum annual total of 500 million yen for bonuses was established at the 118th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2020.
A maximum total limit of 13 million yen a month in Audit & Supervisory Board member compensation was established at the 89th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 1991 and the compensation is determined through discussion by the Audit & Supervisory Board.
         ○
Professor, Dept. of Law, Faculty of Law,
Teikyo University
Aya Murakami possesses expert knowledge and experience as a university professor and knowledge and experience from involvement in labor and welfare administration for many years. We deemed her to be appropriate for appointment as an Outside Director because she is using this expertise to promote working style reform, diversity management, and otherwise contribute to the management of the company.
       ○
Outside Director,
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member,
Honda Motor Co., Ltd., Outside Director,
Hitachi High-Tech Corporation
Mayumi Tamura possesses expert knowledge and many years of experience in global companies. We deemed her to be appropriate for appointment as an Outside Director because we think she will utilize this experience in supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
      Meeting Attendance During FY2019
  * Tamotsu Iwamoto and Mayumi Tamura have attended all Board of Directors meetings held since they were appointed on June 27, 2019.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Name
Independent Officer
Important Concurrent Positions
Reasons for Appointment
    ○
Full-time
Hatsuhito Kaneko possesses considerable knowledge of finance and accounting, and extensive experience and expertise in management as an officer of financial institutions for many years. Shimizu deemed him to be appropriate for appointment as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member because he is supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
         ○
Attorney (Kasahara Law Office); Outside Audit & Supervisory
Board Member at SEKIDO Co., Ltd.; Outside Director at LAC Co., Ltd.; Outside Audit & Supervisory
Board Member at Sokensha Co., Ltd.
Tetsuya Nishikawa has held positions of authority in the police force, the Ministry of Defense, and the Cabinet Secretariat. He has extensive knowledge and experience in crisis management administration, and possesses expert knowledge as an attorney. Shimizu deemed him to be appropriate for appointment as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member because he is supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
          Officer Category
 Total Compensation (¥ millions)
  Total Compensation by Compensation Type (¥ millions)
  Number of Eligible Officers
 Monthly Salary
 Bonus
    Of Which, Compensation for Acquiring Company Shares
 ○
Director at Kawamura Gakuen, Director at The Society for Promotion of Japanese Diplomacy, and Outside Director at SMK Corporation
Director at Mitsubishi UFJ Foundation
Kaoru Ishikawa has played a leading role in the field of diplomacy and has a wealth of experience and knowledge as a diplomat and specialized knowledge on international relations and SDGs. Shimizu deemed him to be appropriate for appointment as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member because he will monitor management of the Corporation from an objective and neutral standpoint and from a global perspective by utilizing his experience and knowledge.
     Directors
(excluding Outside Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
934 663 271 53 9
64 64 ー ー 2
   Standards regarding the Independence of Outside Officers (Outside Directors and Outside Auditors)
The Corporation deems an outside officer or a candidate for outside officer to have independence against the Corporation if he or she satisfies the following requirements:
1. An outside officer shall not be currently acting, nor have acted in the ten years before taking office, as a person who executes business (executive director or executive officer and other employee) of the Corporation or its subsidiaries.
2. An outside officer shall not currently be an important person who executes business (executive director, accounting advisor, managing officer, executive officer or manager and other important employee) of a major shareholder (a shareholder who holds 10% or more of the voting rights) of the Corporation.
3. An outside officer shall not currently be an important person who executes business of a major business partner of the Corporation (a business partner in the case when the amount received by the Corporation from such business partner in the most recent fiscal year exceeds 2% of annual consolidated net sales of the Corporation).
4. An outside officer shall not currently be an important person who executes business of a business partner who has major transactions with the Corporation (a business partner in the case when the amount paid by the Corporation to such business partner in the most recent fiscal year exceeds 2% of annual consolidated net sales of the business partner).
5. An outside officer shall not currently be an important person who executes business of a financial institution with which the Corporation has a financing reliance that is non-
substitutable.
6. An outside officer shall not currently be a person who provides professional service as an attorney, certified public accountant or other consultant gaining from the Corporation a
substantial amount of remuneration (more than ¥10 million in the most recent fiscal year) other than remuneration for directors and auditors.
7. An outside officer shall not be a relative (a spouse or a relative who is within the second degree of kinship) of an important person who executes business of the Corporation or its subsidiaries.
  Outside Officers 98 98 ーー7
 62 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 63
Securities Holding Policy
Shimizu holds shares of business partners as securities holdings in order to “strengthen and maintain the relationships with business part- ners” when necessary from the viewpoint of sales policy. The Board of Directors determines whether to acquire major securities holdings and takes the benefits to Shimizu, acquisition cost, risk of share price changes, and other factors into collective consideration in making such decisions. The Board of Directors examines the necessity of securities holdings for individual stocks each year, taking into collective consider- ation the economic rationality of such holdings including cost, risk, and sales benefits. The Company will reduce securities holdings in stages to promote the effective utilization of capital, after first verifying whether it
is necessary to hold the stock and confirming the relationship of trust with the business partner. Shimizu sold securities holdings of listed stocks valued at 16.8 billion yen in fiscal 2019.
The Company exercises voting rights on securities holdings appro- priately. Shimizu examines the content of resolutions and makes a decision on whether to vote for or against each resolution after con- sidering the resolution from the perspective of avoiding impairment of shareholder value, in addition to the perspective of strengthening the relationship with the business partner, the original purpose for holding the shares.
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Governance
Compliance
Policy on Constructive Dialog with Stakeholders
Shimizu believes that information disclosure and dialog with shareholders, institutional investors, and financial analysts is important to achieve sustained growth and increase corporate value.
The President and other executive management attend financial results briefings and overseas IR meetings to engage in substantial dialog.
We also conduct job site tours and disclose information on the corporate website in a fair and timely manner to enable stakeholders to correctly understand the Shimizu’s business strategy and the management
Internal Control System Establishment and Status
Financial results briefings and job site tours for financial analysts
Individual meetings with financial analysts
Meetings with institutional investors in Japan Meetings with overseas institutional investors Job site tours for individual shareholders SDGs and ESG briefings for ESG analysts
3
102
15 25 1 1
Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct and Internal Corporate Structure
Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct
Shimizu has adopted The Analects and the Abacus, which contains the teachings of Eiichi Shibusawa, as our corporate credo. We base our business activities on the conviction that our company’s business will always prosper if we pursue ethics and economic gain simultaneously, or in other words, if we do good work that delights the community and our customers and is grounded in a strong sense of ethics. As soci- ety changes and imposes stronger demands on companies to be good corporate citizens and exercise corporate social responsibility, Shimizu works to make sure that officers and employees fully understand our corporate credo, The Analects and the Abacus, and act accordingly each day. We formulated the Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct and conduct compliance training based on it for all employees each year to make sure that everyone understands the Code. Training topics include conducting fair bidding (compliance with the Antimonopoly Act, etc.); preventing corruption, including bribery and accounting fraud; human rights; labor; and the environment.
Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/governance/pdf/202005e.pdf
Establishment of Internal Corporate Structure
Shimizu provides education and training to ensure strict implementation and practical operation of the Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct by officers and employees, We have also appointed an officer in charge of corporate ethics, established a Committee on Corporate Ethics, the Corporate Ethics Office, the corporate ethics hotline, and an internal reporting system.
Compliance Training
Our e-learning course for all employees once again achieved a 100% completion rate in fiscal 2019. The International Division and other busi- ness divisions also conduct compliance training tailored to the circum- stances of each division, as necessary. We also hold a compliance con- ference for affiliates and other group companies, and work to establish connections in the Shimizu Group. Group companies establish a code of conduct and system that conforms to Shimizu’s and conduct compliance training for all employees.
Proper Management of Personal Information
In the construction industry, companies retain personal information of customers, subcontractors, etc., and the personal information of employees obtained through business activities.
Shimizu has formulated a Privacy Policy and takes necessary and appropriate steps to maintain security based on the policy. We man- age national identification numbers and other personal information appropriately.
Initiatives Aimed at Compliance with the Antimonopoly Act
In October 2018, the court found Shimizu Corporation guilty of viola- tions of the Antimonopoly Act relating to a bid on a Chuo Shinkansen construction project ordered by the Central Japan Railway Company, and ordered suspension of certain business activities from February 2 to June 1, 2019 as specified in the Construction Business Act. We have been continuously implementing measures to prevent recurrence since March 2018. The status of measures to prevent recurrence imple- mented in fiscal 2019 are as follows:
 FY2019 Activities
  Number
           (1) The Company’s top management took the initiative in bolstering high ethical standards and compliance in the workplace.
a. Conducted corporate ethics training for management executives (a total of approximately 900 attended the training, with approximately 300 officers and executive staff members attending each time)
· “Practice of the Analects and Abacus in Business” by Mr. Atsushi Moriya
· “Eiichi Shibusawa and the Analects” by Mr. Yoshifumi Taguchi
· “Recent Practice of Antimonopoly Act, etc.” by Attorney Ryuta Kawai
b. Provided The Analects and the Abacus” e-learning training
· Taken by approximately 10,000 all employees of the Company, and approximately 4,200 officers and employees of its subsidiaries
c. Raised awareness on compliance through the company magazine and the company Intranet
· Series of articles on “The Analects and the Abacus” by Director of the Shibusawa Memorial Museum (7 issues)
(2) Thorough implementation of the Company’s Code of Conduct
· Training and exchange of opinions with outside lawyer (targeting officers in charge of civil engineering and sales and executive staff members at branches)
· Training by Legal Department/Interviews with executive staff members at branches
(3) Strengthening compliance checks on specified projects
· Identified high-risk projects which are considered likely to cause anticompetitive actions (around 70 projects were designated from Building Construction and Civil Engineering in total, which are re-examined every month based on the progress of the projects)
· Conducted interviews and checks with sales officers, department managers, and persons in charge of sales in regards to the above-mentioned high-risk projects (a cumulative total of approximately 280 projects in fiscal 2019)
· Conducted interviews by an outside lawyer as necessary (7 projects in fiscal 2019)
(4) Evaluation by lawyer on the status of implementation of recurrence prevention measures
· An evaluation by an outside lawyer in April 2020 concluded that “the Corporation is judged to be seriously making an effort to ensure compliance with the Antimonopoly Act and its approach to compliance is worth high praise.”
This type of evaluation will continue to be carried out.
 Shimizu has established a system of internal controls and the Board of Directors makes decisions on the Basic Policy on Establishing a System of Internal Controls to ensure proper operation of the company.
An overview of the operational status of internal control systems in fiscal 2019 is provided below.
(1) We provide ongoing education and training to officers and employees to ensure strict compliance.
(2) Shimizu has established three compliance hotlines based on an internal reporting system: A corporate ethics hotline, a counseling hotline, and an
outside hotline. All employees have been made aware of them, and the system’s operations are reported to the Committee on Corporate Ethics
and the Audit & Supervisory Board.
(3) The Committee on Corporate Ethics meets twice a year. It rolls out measures aimed at strict compliance with corporate ethics and laws and
regulations to the entire company and follows up on implementation.
(4) We continue to implement measures to prevent recurrence and ensure even stricter compliance in light of the violation of the Antimonopoly Act
that occurred in the Chuo Shinkansen construction project made public in March 2018.
(5) To eradicate antisocial forces and groups, Shimizu has clearly stated “Elimination of Antisocial Behavior” in our Code of Corporate Ethics and
Conduct. We also provide education and training, have appointed a person in charge of preventing improper demands, have established an internal reporting system for reporting any improper demands received, have included a clearly worded clause on eliminating relationships with organized crime groups in contracts with business partners, and have taken other steps to establish an internal system for practical implementation.
(6) To prevent acts of bribery in Japan and overseas, Shimizu clearly states that that we do not condone acts of bribery in our Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct. We have also established an internal system that includes the establishment of Anti-Bribery Rules, establishment of a system for implementation, provision of education and training, and strict punishment of violators.
(1) The Risk Management Committee meets twice a year. It identifies and analyzes risks that would have a serious impact on the corporate group, which consists of Shimizu and its subsidiaries, and determines the key areas of risk management. It follows up on implementation and reports to the Board of Directors.
(2) To confirm communication lines and the initial response to large earthquakes, we hold regular earthquake disaster drills and ask suppliers and local residents and others to participate.
(3) For overseas safety risks, we collect information on hazards based on the guidelines on overseas emergency response. As necessary, we also strengthen the security structure, issue warnings to relevant people, and limit overseas travel.
(4) To firmly establish information security measures and make sure that everyone understands them, we provide ongoing education and training to officers and employees, share information with relevant divisions, and respond swiftly when a problem occurs.
(1) Shimizu holds two meetings a year to share information between the President of Shimizu and the presidents of group subsidiaries. We manage important items related to operational execution at subsidiaries through the Rules on Subsidiary Management.
(2) The Audit Department performs internal audits of subsidiaries based on the audit plan. Proper operational execution by subsidiaries is also monitored by dispatching auditors and other means.
(1) The Corporate Auditor’s Office is an organization dedicated to assisting the Audit & Supervisory Board. It is staffed with three full-time employees.
(2) An Audit & Supervisory Board member designated by the Audit & Supervisory Board attends important meetings such as meetings of the
President’s Office, meetings of Business Division heads, Risk Management Committee meetings, and Committee on Corporate Ethics meetings.
  Compliance System
  Risk Management System
  Systems to Ensure Proper Operation of the Shimizu Group
  System for Ensuring Effectiveness of Audits by Auditors
    TOPICS
  Sharing the Founding Spirit
Shimizu Mind: Our Promise
In May 2019, Shimizu produced “Shimizu Mind: Our Promise,” a small pamphlet containing thoughts to convey the founding spirit that has been passed down continuously throughout Shimizu’s history over the more than 210 years since the Company was founded. It was distributed to all officers and employees. We will share our founding spirit and continue to pass it down to the next generation so that we do not forget the pride in the work we do at Shimizu and to put our corporate slogan “Today’s Work, Tomorrow’s Heritage” into practice.
    64
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 65
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Risk Management
Risk Management
The Shimizu Group recognizes that various risks can emerge in the course of business activities and works to ensure business continuity and stable growth by properly managing such risks to reduce the pos- sibility that they will materialize, while also minimizing losses for those that do materialize. In Mid-Term Management Plan (2019—2023), we also stated the basic policy of Advancing ESG-based Management and designated Strict Compliance & Strengthened Risk Management as one of the key means to achieve this.
Each fiscal year, the Risk Management Committee (Chair: CEO) makes decisions on key items of risk management for the entire com- pany and each division incorporates these decisions into its business plans. The committee regularly monitors risks (twice a year) by func- tion at the head office, business division, and group company levels
and recommends corrective actions and improvements as necessary, while also responding to emerging risks and reporting on the status of response to the Board of Directors twice a year.
By risks, we mean all factors that hinder achievement of man- agement goals in managing the Shimizu Group, from the following perspectives:
∙ Factors that have the potential to cause economic loss to the Shimizu
Group, either directly or indirectly
∙ Factors that could interrupt or halt ongoing Group business activities. ∙ Factors that could result in a loss of trust in the Shimizu Group and
harm to the brand image.
New Policy on Natural Disaster Risk Formulated
The increase in the types, duration, and scale of natural disasters had made it necessary to respond to risks that were previously unforeseen in our existing business continuity plan (BCP).
We are reviewing and revising the rules on general plans for steps to take during normal operation, BCP and emergencies.
In 2019, we revised the structure for responding to a scenario involving a series of earthquakes in the Nankai Trough and conditions causing widespread impact in business activities.
In 2020, we established standards for response to wind and flood damage before beginning construction and standards for action when wind and flood damage occur, in light of the increasing frequency and severity of wind and flood events in recent years. We will establish detailed rules for the entire Company and will work to minimize dam- age to the Company and quickly restore social infrastructure and hold customers recover from damage.
Company-wide Drill Conducted Based on a Disaster Occurring During a State of Emergency Declared for COVID-19
On September 7, 2020, Shimizu conducted a company-wide drill based on the scenario of an earthquake occurring directly beneath the Greater Tokyo area during a State of Emergency declared for COVID-19.
This drill confirmed that it was possible to mount a response at the same level as during a normal disaster by making active use of ICT, restricting the number of essential personnel in the Crisis Response Headquarters to one-fifth the normal number, and having other essen- tial personnel respond from their own desks on each floor to avoid crowded conditions and close contact.
Recovery from disasters is a big social mission of the construc- tion industry that does not change even in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic. We will use the knowledge we have gained from this drill in responding swiftly to disasters when they occur.
Teaming up with Local Communities in Pursuing Disaster Prevention Activities
In Chuo-ku, Tokyo, where Shimizu’s head office is located, there is con- cern that around 300,000 people could be stranded and unable to return home if a major earthquake occurred, depending on the timing of the earthquake.
At the request of Chuo-ku, Shimizu provides space in its head office as a local emergency evacuation center to provide temporary shelter for people who are stranded. The Company has established an
emergency evacuation center as the operational structure and works with Chuo-ku and other companies to help establish a mutual aid disaster response structure.
On September 7, 2020, we enlisted the participation and cooper- ation of Chuo-ku and neighboring companies in conducting a drill for reception of stranded people while ensuring social distancing under conditions of uncontrolled spread of COVID-19. The drill confirmed the response procedures for reception, preparations, distribution of emer- gency supplies, and other procedures.
Configuring an Electronic Information Security System
Now that information and communications technology (ICT) has matured, companies must respond swiftly and appropriately to pre- pare for leaks of confidential or personal information, cyber threats, and other information security risks in their company. Shimizu reviews its response and makes the necessary corrections every year, has estab- lished an electronic information security system, and manages risks, based on the Electronic Information Security Guidelines.
We have appointed a Chief Information Officer (CIO) in charge of information management measures, including measures at Group com- panies, and are strengthening the IT strategy and information security function in the Shimizu Group as a whole through the Digital Strategy Promotion Division. We have also formed a
 Diagram of Risk Management Structure (According to the Rules on Risk Management)
 Board of Directors
Supervises
Reports
   Risk Management Committee (Chair: President)
[Meets regularly]
· Makes decisions on the key points of risk management · Monitors the status of risk management
(Administrative Office)
Risk Management Administrative Office
    Reports
Collaborate
Provides information on risks
Instructs
Instructs
Provides information on risks
[Meet regularly, and as needed]
Debate and decide on how to handle individual risks when they emerge, how to prevent recurrence, etc.
Provides information on risks
CSIRT (Computer Security Incident Response Team) to respond to urgent issues in com- puter security. Shimizu is a member of the Nippon CSIRT Association. We not only oper- ate our own CSIRT, we work together with the CSIRTs at other companies to resolve many kinds of security issues.
Intellectual Property Management
 Audits
Audits
Instructs
Safety Initiatives Overseas
Patents and other types of intellectual property are one source of sus- tainable growth in Shimizu’s business activities.
Securing rights on outstanding ideas prevents other companies from implementing them and makes it possible to differentiate our business. It is also extremely important to respect and comply with the rights of other companies. This requires swift, appropriate risk man- agement because it could inflict a substantial blow (damages, loss of trust, etc.) to the Company, depending on the response. At Shimizu, we encourage inventions in the technology development area to heighten awareness and create an “intellectual property mindset” in every employee. We educate employees who work at job sites on the risks of infringing on intellectual property rights, provide basic training to new employees and training for new officers, and implement other educa- tional activities according to the nature of the business and job position as a matter of course, and provide an intellectual property e-learning course for all employees as part of our efforts to exercise thorough intellectual property management.
*See pp. 14-15 for COVID-19 response measures.
*See pp. 52-53 for long-term climate change risk response measures.
We have seen heightened geopolitical risk in many regions and coun- tries around the world in recent years.
Shimizu has prepared an organizational structure and crisis response manual for emergency conditions overseas. We specify pre- ventive measures during normal times and our policy and the method of response during an emergency, and implement these measures.
The status of the latest safety measures is listed on the Overseas Safety Measures website for employees. Shimizu strengthens security
system for offices and job sites as needed. We issue alerts and restric- tions on overseas travels, and take other steps to ensure the safety of employees stationed overseas or traveling overseas on business.
66 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 67
Meetings and committees by function
(Safety Committee, Technical Quality Committee, Corporate Ethics Committee, IT Management Committee, SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee, etc.)
   Headquarters: Divisions and Departments that Supervise Risk Management by Function
    When a risk emerges, each division responds swiftly and appropriately through its line of command, reports to the supervisory division in headquarters,
and receives instructions.
 Business divisions and Group companies
   Drill for receiving stranded people while ensuring social distancing
Disaster drill based on a scenario of an earthquake disaster that has occurred during a State of Emergency declared for COVID-19
Information Security Handbook
      Audit Dept. President
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Data Collection
Ten-Year Highlights (Consolidated)
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2011 through 2020
Millions of Yen (unless otherwise indicated)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (unless otherwise indicated)
 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
For the year:
Construction orders awarded ¥1,217,238 ¥1,242,347 ¥1,254,950 ¥1,474,084 ¥1,581,494 ¥1,477,049 ¥1,565,928 ¥1,608,266 ¥1,816,023 ¥1,318,739
Net sales 1,303,755 1,336,194 1,416,044 1,497,578 1,567,843 1,664,933 1,567,427 1,519,435 1,664,960 1,698,292
Operating income 20,175 17,566 13,101 26,054 50,032 94,668 128,835 121,373 129,724 133,894
Ordinary income 18,815 16,159 17,330 29,277 56,246 95,501 131,197 124,130 133,957 137,986
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation
10,848 1,430 5,901 14,191 33,397 59,322 98,946 84,978 99,668 98,977
Net income per share of common stock (yen and U.S. dollars)
¥13.83 ¥1.82 ¥7.52 ¥18.09 ¥42.56 ¥75.61 ¥126.11 ¥108.31 ¥127.04 ¥128.31
Cash dividends per share of common stock (yen and U.S. dollars)
¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥8.00 ¥16.00 ¥26.00 ¥26.00 ¥36.00 ¥38.00
Ordinary dividends (yen and U.S. dollars) ¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥8.00 ¥10.00 ¥10.00 ¥14.00 ¥14.00 ¥20.00
Special dividends (yen and U.S. dollars) — — — — — ¥6.00 ¥16.00 ¥12.00 ¥22.00 ¥18.00
Dividends payout ratio (%) 50.6 384.6 93.1 38.7 18.8 21.2 20.6 24.0 28.3 29.6
ROE (%) 3.6 0.5 1.8 3.9 7.9 12.4 18.8 13.9 14.4 13.6
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 101,639 10,518 46,364 17,395 56,105 38,335 143,668 82,879 (14,933) 170,557
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (17,605) (21,566) (29,744) (27,977) (17,644) (14,051) (34,654) (30,938) (52,652) (115,745)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (54,990) (23,942) (14,045) (28,592) 14,305 9,199 (65,375) (26,124) (42,404) 68,732
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 246,251 209,773 216,634 183,440 242,482 274,167 315,803 341,158 229,978 352,722
             At year-end:
Net assets ¥296,461 ¥307,002 ¥358,094 ¥376,048 ¥481,896 ¥485,655 ¥576,879 ¥656,330 ¥735,242 ¥736,412
Total assets 1,423,613 1,410,975 1,456,441 1,512,686 1,703,399 1,722,936 1,688,197 1,780,943 1,860,794 1,904,934
Net assets per share of common stock (yen and U.S. dollars)
¥373.99 ¥387.74 ¥452.79 ¥474.43 ¥607.82 ¥612.70 ¥728.78 ¥829.58 ¥929.72 ¥957.56
Interest-bearing debt 393,503 375,330 367,097 344,222 375,580 392,482 340,010 338,264 319,400 441,315
Equity ratio (%) 20.6 21.6 24.4 24.6 28.0 27.9 33.9 36.5 39.2 38.3
Debt to equity ratio (%) 1.3 1.2 1.0 0.9 0.8 0.8 0.6 0.5 0.4 0.6
                         2020
$12,198,129
15,708,932
1,238,503
1,276,349
915,526
$1.19
$0.35
$0.18
$0.17
29.6
13.6
1,577,627
(1,070,630)
635,760
3,262,626
 $6,811,697
17,620,334
$8.86
4,082,097
38.3
0.6
  68 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 69
Notes: 1. Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
2. U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥108.11 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2020.
3. The Group has applied the “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, February 16, 2018) and relevant Guidances effective
from the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019.
Accordingly, Total assets and Equity ratio for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2018 has reflected the application of the aforementioned standard, etc.
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Data Collection
ESG Important Management Indicators
ESG Social Challenges
   ESG Important Management Indicators
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020 (Target)
                      E (Environment)
A sustainable society Renewable energy Preventing global warming Preserving biodiversity Resource depletion Water-related issues
Energy conservation, renewable energy
Countering global warming Biodiversity
Waste reduction, recycling, pollution prevention
CO2 emissions reductions
vs. FY1990 Green construction
51.1% 53.0% 54.9% 50.7% 58.0% 58.0%
   Energy-saving construction 42.5% 45.0% 44.1% 46.1% 47.0% 48.0%
       Conserving energy at the office 48.1% 47.0% 48.7% 46.0% 49.0% 50.0%
       Final disposal rate of construction by-products 2.8% 3.7% 3.5% 3.5% 3.0% 3.8% or less
       Total construction by-products generated per square meter 13.0kg /m 2 13.0kg /m 2 14.9kg /m 2 15.6kg /m 2 or less 16.3kg /m2 or less 15.7kg /m 2 or less
  Number of serious environmental defects 0 0 0 0 0 0
       [Other assessment indicators]
       Average CASBEE score *design and construction 1.60 1.51 2.25 1.51 2.24 1.5 (rank A) or higher
       Number of LEED-certified projects *design and construction 3 4 6 7 7 _
       Power generated from renewable energy *our business 18,073 MWh 19,480 MWh 19,650 MWh 20,692 MWh 24,048 MWh 26,221 MWh
       Offsets using carbon credits 30,000 t-CO 2 27,700 t-CO 2 27,181 t-CO 2 28,253 t-CO 2 21,212 t-CO 2 _
CDP performance score A B A – B A – A
                      S (Social)
Support for disaster affected areas
Reducing disaster risks
Lengthening the lifespan of infrastructure
Customer satisfaction Stock management Community vitalization Diversity
Aging society with fewer children Coexistence with local communities Corporate citizenship
Support for athletics
   Safety and security for construction and the social infrastructure
Optimal quality, customer satisfaction
Health and safety in construction processes
Diversity
Work-life balance
Human resource development Securing a workforce for the future Contributing to Society
        R&D investments 8.5 billion yen 10.1 billion yen 11.1 billion yen 12.5 billion yen 13.2 billion yen 15.1 billion yen
        Number of patents applied for 309 322 325 312 338 300
        Number of staff obtaining new
professional qualifications (cumulative) Professional
3 (170) 3 (164) 8 (175) 7 (173) 3 (170) 4
        Certificates 61 (744) 30 (748) 51 (773) 17 (753) 33 (752) 39
        Class I Architect 50 (2,178) 48 (2,163) 71 (2,094) 80 (2,127) 94 (2,096) 85
        Class I Construction Management Engineer certificates
114 (2,997) 89 (3,024) 49 (3,026)
38 (3,031) 40 (2,986) 40
        Class I Civil Engineering Construction Management Engineer
48 (1,524) 20 (1,515) 27 (1,484) 32 (1,484) 34 (1,472) 45
       Accident frequency rate (FY total) 0.59% 0.53% 0.47% 0.64% 0.64% 0.57%
        Number of women in management positions
49 68 84 105 118 50% higher than 2018
        Percentage of employees with disabilities 2.18%
Percentage taking paid annual vacation 33.8%
2.16% 2.23% 2.37%
42.6% 47.5% 49.9%
0.84% 0.95% 0.77%
2.33%
51.2%
0.86%
2.30%
60% or higher by 2022
1%
                Expenditures on social contribution activities as a percentage of ordinary income
0.83%
        [Other assessment indicators]
        Number of structures subject to comprehensive disaster prevention diagnostics
155 163 188 220 241 260
        Number of major awards won BCS 2 3 2 1 1 2
        BELCA 1 1 1 1 0
_
        Japan Society of Civil Engineers 3 2 3 4 6 4
        Number of media reports (technological development) 30 32 22 36 36 30
        Percentage of female employees taking childcare leave 100% 100% 98% 98% 100% 100%
       Number of female engineers 257 303 406 476 571
60% higher than FY2018 by FY2023
              G (Governance)
Corporate governance
Human rights/Poverty eradication Preventing corruption, collusion Fair marketing
Information security
    Corporate governance Risk management Compliance
        Number of serious information security incidents 0 0 0 0 0 0
       Number of serious violations of laws, regulations, and notices
001000
       [Other assessment indicators]
       Percentage of employees undergoing information security training
100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
         Participation rate in BCP drills 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
         Percentage of employees undergoing compliance training 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
         Corporate Ethics Helpline Office response rate 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
          70 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 71
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Technology and Hearts That Form a Bridge to the Next Generation
Relocation and Rebuilding of Former Shibusawa Home, the Only Building by Kisuke Shimizu II That Still Exists
We are currently working on the construction plans for the Innovation Center, which will have 20,000 m2 in total floor space and will be built on land that Shimizu acquired in Shiomi, Koto-ku in Tokyo. Together with these plans, we will also relocate, rebuild, and preserve the former Shibusawa home, which was built by Kisuke Shimizu II, the second head of our company, and previously relocated to the town of Rokunohe in Aomori Prefecture. The former Shibusawa home is a wooden building completed in 1878 (Meiji 11) as the home of Eiichi Shibusawa, who served as an advisor to the Company in the Meiji Era. It is the only building constructed by Kisuke Shimizu II that still exists. We will preserve and use it as a cultural heritage site that will communicate the DNA of Shimizu to future generations.
Former Shibusawa home that was located in Rokunohe, Aomori Prefecture (now dismantled) (Photo provided by: Naruphoto)
Working with Kanekikai to Link Technology to the Next Generation
 The new Shimizu Takumi Training Center for skilled construction workers in Funabashi City, Chiba Prefecture was established and began operating in July 2020. This facility was opened as one part of the measures implemented to secure and train skilled workers, who are essential to construction sites. Shimizu is operating the center together with the Kanekikai, an organization of Shimizu’s suppliers and subcontractors. Course participants will mainly be recruited from Kanekikai member companies and the training center will provide an education and training curriculum according to work experience and skill level. In addition to training for currently employed skilled workers, Shimizu also plans to use the training center for high school students who want to enter the construction industry as well as their guardians and teachers. Providing facility tours and a venue for hands-on learning for candidates that might perform the work in the future will enable Shimizu to showcase the attractions of the construction industry and actively develop human resources, which will lead to an increase in new employees.
New Certification System Established for Traditional Technique Master Instructors
— Passing on Traditional Construction Techniques Cultivated Since Shimizu Was Founded To the Next Generation —
Shimizu has established a new system to certify highly skilled employees who are contributing to passing on traditional construction techniques and devel- oping successors as “traditional technique master instructors.” These master instructors possess advanced skills in the preservation and restoration of tradi- tional architecture and building design and construction management. This sys- tem is intended to ensure that the traditional construction techniques cultivated since the Company was founded are passed on.
Shimizu awarded the first certifications in the system in March 2020 to four people in total: two in construction management, one in architectural design, one in structural design. Establishment of this system expanded the stage for professional activities in traditional construction techniques, and this will result in the steady passing on of technology.
Exterior view of the Shimizu Takumi Training Center
  COLUMN
Passing on Shimizu’s DNA to the Next Generation is Our Mission
Receiving the traditional technique master instructor certification is a great honor. It is also encouraging. I meet many people with outstanding techniques and skills in the field of traditional architecture. I can carry on a dialog with my predecessors through my work and give the young people who will perform the work in the future the feeling that they want to perform work they are proud of. I want to share that view and launched a “company temple construction and
 historical structure information net- work” within the Company. Five years have passed since then and I am gradually beginning to feel the results.
I will continue to appeal to oth- ers by telling them how wonderful the field of traditional architecture is, developing people, and sharing his- tory. This will link the DNA of Shimizu to the next generation.
Jin Kanakubo
Corporate Temple and Residential Construction Division
Traditional Technique Master Instructor certification recipient
72 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu’s Social Contribution Activities
■ Basic Principles on Social Contributions
 Shimizu actively contributes to society and local communities as a corporate citizen. By doing so, we help preserve the abundance of the earth
and create a future society in which all people on it can live with happiness.
Our activities are rooted in The Analects and the Abacus (Ethics and Economics), which contains the basic principles for managing our business;
our corporate slogan, Today’s Work, Tomorrow’s Heritage.
Based on the basic philosophy described above, Shimizu has four areas for key initiatives aimed at contributing to society: 1) Earth and the environment, 2) Education, 3) Culture and Arts, and 4) Social Inclusion. We are actively engaging in activities that contribute to local communities in these four areas.
We also agree with the intent of the Japan Business Federation’s One-
Percent Club and are aiming to use 1% of our ordinary income in voluntary
social contribution activities. The percentage of ordinary income spent on social
contribution activities in fiscal 2019 was 0.86% (¥1.05 billion/¥122.6 billion in
ordinary income (non-consolidated)).
* Activities of the Shimizu Foundation, Housing Research Foundation JUSOKEN, and Shimizu Scholarship Foundation, organizations that are closely connected to our Company, are included among these expenditures.
Shimizu Volunteer Academy Extends the Circle of Volunteers Wider
It was first offered in 2015 to contribute by training volunteers who have a broad knowledge of people with disabilities and para sports. The academy uses both desk learning and hands-on practice to equip volunteers with the basic knowledge they will need. A course was held in February 2020 that was spon- sored by National Sports Festival Mie Prefecture and National Sports Festival Mie Prefecture Preparation Committee, Mie University, and Shimizu Corporation, as an industry-government-academic partnership. A total of 180 students and local residents gathered at Mie University to participate.
Invitation to Middle School Students in Chuo-ku to Attend a Private Viewing of Kabuki Theater
In October 2019, we booked and held a private viewing of Kabuki at the Kabukiza Theatre Shimizu built in Chuo-ku, Tokyo. We invited around 450 students from four local middle schools. It was a perfect opportunity to encourage young peo- ple who will be responsible for the next generation to take an interest in the traditional culture of Japan.
 Kabuki viewing
Wood Educational Activities at Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts and Crafts Furnishings
At Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts and Crafts Furnishings, we are holding woodworking workshops in various communities out of the desire to acquaint children with the warmth of wood and the delight in craftmanship. In Oyaji no Deban! Sponsored by the Chuo-ku Community Homeschooling Promotion Association, children and their fathers, who are usually busy with work, engaged in woodworking together. A young employee from Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts and Crafts Furnishings taught the class.
  Advice on practical techniques from an instructor in a wheelchair
Children receiving an explanation on how to make something
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 73
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

List of External Awards Received
Independent Opinion
60th BCS Awards
    Fiscal 2019 JSCE Award
Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement Award, Group I
World’s first spiral excavation of a tunnel using the H&V shield construction method
(construction of Tachiaigawa main rainwater drainage tunnel)
List of Other Awards Received
Fiscal 2019 JSCE Awards Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement Award, Group I
Fiscal 2019 JSCE Awards Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement Award, Group II
Fiscal 2019 JSCE Awards Innovative Technique Award
The Society of Heating, Air-Conditioning and Sanitary Engineers of Japan (SHASE) 58th Academic Paper Award, R&D
SHASE 57th Technology Award, Construction Equipment Division
SHASE 33nd Promotion Awards, Technology Promotion Awards
49th Japan Industrial Technology Award, screening committee special prize
Fiscal 2019 Japan Construction Machinery and Construction Grand Prize, Excellence Award
Fiscal 2018 Japan Prestressed Concrete Institute Award, Outstanding Structure Award, Civil Engineering Division
Fiscal 2018 Japan Prestressed Concrete Institute Award, Outstanding Structure Award, Architectural Construction Division
2019 Japan Concrete Institute Award, Outstanding Structure Award
11th ENAA Engineering Commendation Award, Special Award
39th ENAA Engineering Worker Award
2019 Architectural Institute of Japan Prize (Building Engineering Division)
7th Platinum Vision Award, Award for Excellence, prize for creating a society in which all can participate
Fiscal 2019 (9th) Building seismic retrofitting excellence award and contributor’s award MLIT Minister’s Award, Building seismic retrofitting excellence award
41st 2020 Japan BtoB Advertising Award Website (Special Site) Division, Gold Award
· Yamba Dam construction
—High-speed construction of a dam with a dike volume of 1 million m3 and a reservoir for about 75 million m3 of
Toyama Prefectural Museum of Art & Design (Construction: Shimizu Corp.; Design & supervision: Naito Architect & Associates)
Construction of shield tunnel with a large cross-section in an urban area with steep inclines, sharp curves, and little ground covering
(Baba entrance/exit on the Yokohama Expressway North Route)
Keisuke Takegahara
Executive Officer, Deputy Chief Research Officer, Chief Manager of Sustainability Management Office, Corporate Planning & Coordination Department
Development Bank of Japan, Inc.
Shimizu Corporation entered a new stage with SHIMZ VISION 2030, the long-term vision formulated by your company last fiscal year. Your report this year has succeeded in communicating that message even more clearly. The first thing I noticed was how well-rounded the Top message is in both content and quality. The views of man- agement who created the long-term vision are clearly articulated. It uses the outline from last fiscal year, which talks about medium and long-term growth and sustainability of the business model from the dual perspectives of mining and evolving the construction business, the company’s main business, and achieving innovation in the business portfolio. Digital strategy is also made a focal point as the driver of innovation. The report skillfully weaves in the response to changes in the environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and emphasizes the importance Shimizu places on R&D as the foundation for growth and on human resources as an intangible asset.
The report next explains the concept of being a Smart Innovation Company, which is the vision targeted in SHIMZ VISION 2030, while linking this to the value Shimizu provides and the revenue structure. It clearly delin- eates relationship between innovation by Shimizu and the positive impact the company has on society by provid- ing value. Such innovation is achieved by fusing innovations in the three areas of business structure, technology, and talent to provide value in the form of resilience, inclusiveness, and sustainability. The special contents intro- duced in Achieving SDGs with Shimizu incorporate concrete projects that create the value that Shimizu provides and deepen the understanding gained from the Top message. As the person who requested a fuller description of the innovation at the core of Shimizu’s long-term vision presented on this page last year, I appreciate the earnest response to an outside request.
What impressed me most this time was the non-financial KPIs presented in the Financial and Non-Financial Highlights. I think the three target indicators for percentage improvement in productivity, percentage reduction in CO2 emissions, and job satisfaction are easy to understand at a glance and mutually interrelated. This makes them highly effective as indicators for gauging Shimizu’s strategy of emphasizing innovation. It is extremely difficult to set KPIs for non-financial value in the general construction industry and Shimizu has also considered many indicators in the past. The company’s tactic in this report of agilely visualizing non-financial value based on correlated data on productivity, environmental impact, and engaging the human resources who are the fun- damental drivers for achieving these is ground-breaking and can be called a promising response based on many years of preparation.
Moreover, the company’s stance on placing importance on human resources as its greatest management resource is clearly conveyed by new responses in addition to the above KPI for job satisfaction, such as the system of recognizing seniors as the people who will pass on traditional techniques and the establishment of the HR Innovation Department to develop future generations. This is reinforced by concrete initiatives such as workstyle reform in response to COVID-19.
Similarly, Shimizu is providing fuller disclosure concerning mitigation of negative environmental impacts, based on the TCFD Recommendations, providing good reinforcement for the KPIs mentioned above. The recogni- tion of the risks and opportunities presented by the two scenarios of migratory (1.5°C) and physical (4°C) impacts is a good start, and I look forward to further enhancements in the future.
I hope that the next report will see further enhancements along the same lines as the characteristics of this report, namely the stronger interrelatedness of contents and clearer message. The first would be to make Shimizu’s value creation model even clearer so that it can be visualized at a glance. The value creation model surfaces throughout the entire report structure. However, not everyone reads the entire report so I think it would be meaningful to integrate the information presented separately in the explanation of the long-term vision (pp. 16-17), the basic policies in the Mid-Term Management Plan (pp. 28), and elsewhere. I also think it would be valuable to compile the contents on the new focus on digital strategy, which are dispersed throughout the report, including the many initiatives implemented thus far, integrate them, and bring digital strategy to the forefront as one of Shimizu’s strengths. I look forward to continued steady progress in Shimizu’s Corporate Report in the future.
Thank you for your opinion.
We worked to compile this report in a manner that will enable many stakeholders to under- stand Shimizu’s initiatives in innovation aimed at achieving SHIMZ VISION 2030, based on the rec- ommendations from Mr. Takegahara concerning the previous report.
In the next Corporate Report, we plan to report on digital transformation and initiatives in ESG management that we were not able to include in this report, in addition to actions we are taking on human resources and in response to climate change. We will take care to integrate the information provided separately in the long- term vision and the Mid-Term Management Plan, as Mr. Takegahara recommended, and take a more reader-oriented perspective to produce a report that resonates with readers.
    Name of Award
Project Receiving the Award
 Typhoon 19 (Hagibis) floodwater—
· Construction of Kanogawa Dam spillway tunnel
—Construction of a shaft and large tunnel underwater spillway tunnel—
* See p. 25 “SDGs Initiatives Created with Shimizu” in Special Contents for further details on the two projects above.
· Construction of Jakarta Mass Rapid Transit Project, Phase 1 (first overseas railway project completed that included all
services formulation of a master plan, to human resource development, with all services provided by Japanese
companies)
· Decontamination of radioactive materials emitted from the TEPCO Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident
Development of automatic dam concrete pouring system
Development of CLEANCOMPO Dual Air® Operating Room Air Conditioning System, which maintains a comfortable temperature for physicians, attending staff, and patients.
Environmental and equipment plans for Akita City Hall
JRC Nihon Musen Kawagoe Plant
Kitami Red Cross Hospital
Planning, design, and construction of THE HYAKUGO BANK, LTD. Iwata head office building, equipped with eco and BCP functions Shimizu Corporation Shikoku Branch —ZEB initiative for a medium-sized office building—
Development of KAMIWAZA, which uses paper materials for construction materials to contribute to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Development of automated dam concrete pouring system
Onahama Marine Bridge
Mie Kotsu Group Sports no Mori Ise Athletics Stadium
Onahama Marine Bridge/ASAHI KOGYOSHA CO., LTD. head office building
Seabed hydrothermal ore deposit mining and pumping pilot test project team
Setouchi Kirei Mega Solar Power Plan Construction Project Team
Development of crack prevention technology using ultra-low shrinkage concrete
Activities aimed at promoting widespread use of voice navigation system to realize an inclusive society
Meidi-Ya Kyobashi Building
DAM PASHA! Futatabi
                   74 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 75
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Global Network (as of July 1, 2020)
   Domestic
Main Branches
Hokkaido (Sapporo city) Tohoku (Sendai city) Hokuriku (Kanazawa city) Kanto (Saitama city)
Tokyo (Chuo-ku, Tokyo) Yokohama (Yokohama city) Chiba (Chiba city)
14
72
 Nagoya (Nagoya city)
Kansai (Osaka city)
Kobe (Kobe city)
Shikoku (Takamatsu city)
Hiroshima (Hiroshima city)
Kyushu (Fukuoka city)
Tokyo Civil Engineering (Chuo-ku, Tokyo)
Main Branches
 Head Office: Tokyo
Offices
cities
cities
  The Shimizu group 26 has established
regular offices in
cities
  Overseas
 London
Wroclaw Prague
Istanbul
Lusaka
76 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Tashkent Gurgaon
Dubai
Bangalore
Dalian
Shanghai Guangzhou
Taipei Hong Kong
Manila Ho Chi Minh City
New York Atlanta
Dhaka Hanoi Yangon
Queretaro
Bangkok Kuala Lumpur
Singapore Jakarta
Corporate Information/Investor Information (as of March 31, 2020)
Corporate Information
 Corporate Name
 Date of Establishment
 Capital
 Total Employees (consolidated)
 Main Business
 Net Sales (consolidated)
   SHIMIZU CORPORATION 1804
¥74,365 million 16,297
Construction, civil engineering, and other contracted projects, including machine installation; research, planning, geological surveys, land surveys, design, and administration of construction projects; sales, purchases, leasing, brokering, management, and appraisal of real estate properties; building, selling, leasing, and managing residential buildings and other properties; development and sales of vacant land
      Investor Information
¥1,698.2 billion (FY2019)
1,500,000,000
788,514,613
Tokyo Stock Exchange Part 1 1803 Nagoya Stock Exchange Part 1 1803
51,373
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
 Total Number of Shares Authorized
 Total Number of Shares Issued
 Exchanges Listed on
 Number of Shareholders
 Transfer Agent
        Major Shareholders
 Shareholder
  Shares Held (thousands)
  Percentage of Total (%)
  The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
SHIMIZU & CO., LTD.
Social Welfare Corporation Shimizu Foundation
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)*
Housing Research Foundation JYUSO-KEN
Shimizu Employee’s Stock Ownership Plan
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)*
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)*
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 4)*
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
65,012 8.51
62,030 8.12
38,595 5.05
33,352 4.36
17,420 2.28
16,090 2.11
15,208 1.99
12,978 1.70
12,541 1.64
10,697 1.40
          Note : “Percentage of total” is calculated excluding 24,319,328 shares of treasury stock.
* Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. merged with JTC Holdings and Trust & Custody Services Bank on July 27, 2020, and the company name was changed to Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd.
Shareholders Ratio (Percentage of owned shares)
Financial institutions
Securities firms
Other corporations
Foreign corporations and others Individuals and others
Shares held in own name
33.97% 1.49% 23.12% 20.59% 17.75% 3.08%
        Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 77
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

   Financial Section
80 Consolidated Balance Sheet
82 Consolidated Statement of Income
83 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
84 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
85 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
86 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
113 Independent Auditor’s Report
Supplemental Information
116 Nonconsolidated Balance Sheet
118 Nonconsolidated Statement of Income
119 Orders, Sales and Backlog (Nonconsolidated)
             78 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 79

 Consolidated Balance Sheet
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries As at March 31, 2020
ASSETS Current Assets:
Cash (Notes 9 and 10.2))
Notes and accounts receivable−trade (Note 10.2))
Marketable securities (Notes 9, 10.2) and 11)
Real estate for sale (Note 4.2))
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts (Notes 4.2) and 5.3)) Costs on uncompleted real estate development projects (Note 4.2)) PFI projects and other inventories (Notes 4.2) and 5.3))
Other current assets
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Non-Current Assets:
Tangible fixed assets:
Buildings and structures (Note 4.16) and 5.2)) Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures Land (Note 5.1), 5.2))
Construction in progress (Note 5.2))
Less: Accumulated depreciation
Total tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets
Investments and other assets:
Investment securities (Notes 5.2), 5.3), 10.2) and 11) Deferred tax assets (Note 14)
Other investments (Note 5.2))
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥150,978 641,061 79,000 24,722 79,069 20,577 53,750 97,801
(1,060)
1,145,901
Millions of Yen
¥351,722 546,148 1,020 2,836 77,949 16,472 47,883 102,651
(775)
1,145,908
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$3,253,376 5,051,784 9,434 26,234 721,023 152,367 442,911 949,509
(7,168)
10,599,472
LIABILITIES Current Liabilities:
Notes and accounts payable−trade (Note 10.2))
Short-term borrowings (Notes 10.2) and 20)
Current portion of non-recourse borrowings (Notes 5.3), 10.2) and 20) Commercial papers (Note 10.2) and 20)
Current portion of bonds payable (Notes 10.2) and 19)
Current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription
rights to shares (Notes 10.2), 18.1) and 19)
Current portion of non-recourse bonds payable (Notes 5.3), 10.2) and 19) Income taxes payable
Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts
Deposits received
Warranty reserve
Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process Reserve for directors' bonuses
Reserve for loss on anti-monopoly act (Note 4.8))
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities:
Bonds payable (Notes 10.2) and 19)
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(Notes 10.2), 18.1) and 19)
Non-recourse bonds payable (Notes 5.3), 10.2) and 19) Long-term borrowings (Notes 5.2), 10.2) and 20)
Non-recourse borrowings (Notes 5.3), 10.2) and 20)
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 14)
Deferred tax liabilities for revaluation reserve for land (Note 5.1)) Net defined benefit liability (Note 13)
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
NET ASSETS Shareholders’ Equity:
Common stock, no par value
Authorized: 1,500,000 thousand shares
Issued: 788,514 thousand shares as at March 31, 2019 and 2020
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Less: Treasury stock, at cost 25,658 thousand shares as at March 31, 2020
 Less: Treasury stock, at cost 3,964 thousand shares as at March 31, 2019 Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes (Note 11) Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes (Note 12)
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes (Note 5.1))
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling Interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
¥354,466 121,179 7,432 − 20,000
− 879 31,609 145,533 114,044 3,209 8,175 267 1,820 29,250
837,868
40,000
30,046 13,180 49,520 37,161 24,781 17,659 55,873 19,459
287,683
1,125,551
74,365
43,116 443,802 −
(1,609)
559,674
150,079 (54)
25,864 (1,955) (4,193)
169,741
5,826
735,242
¥1,860,794
Millions of Yen
¥319,164 112,774 6,957 80,000 10,000
30,016 2,764 25,637 101,390 124,325 3,932 6,071 289 1,820 46,409
871,553
60,000
− 23,235 70,360 45,207 94 17,659 57,293 23,119
296,968
1,168,521
74,365
43,116 510,873
(21,613) −
606,741
104,898 (169)
25,864 (1,985) (4,870)
123,737
5,932
736,412
¥1,904,934
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$2,952,221 1,043,146 64,352 739,987 92,498
277,645 25,574 237,143 937,846 1,149,987 36,373 56,164 2,673 16,834 429,278
8,061,729
554,990
− 214,920 650,821 418,159 869 163,345 529,953 213,847
2,746,907
10,808,637
687,867
398,821 4,725,498
(199,921) −
5,612,265
970,292 (1,564)
239,242 (18,362) (45,052)
1,144,555
54,877
6,811,697
$17,620,334
Financial Section
 2019
2020
2020
 2019
2020
2020
    184,009 66,721 165,454 34,532
(150,869)
299,847
7,948
387,746 2,563 18,769
(1,983)
407,095
714,892
¥1,860,794
256,177 73,105 207,472 31,645
(159,960)
408,440
12,091
319,598 2,730 18,121
(1,957)
338,493
759,025
¥1,904,934
2,369,599 676,215 1,919,086 292,715
(1,479,607)
3,778,009
111,844
2,956,231 25,256 167,625
(18,104)
3,131,008
7,020,862
$17,620,334
                 80 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 81
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

 Consolidated Statement of Income
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2020
Net Sales:
Construction contracts (Notes 4.11), 4.19) and 6.1)) Real estate development and other
Cost of Sales:
Construction contracts (Notes 4.11), 4.19) and 6.2)) Real estate development and other (Note 6.3))
Gross profit:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (Note 6.4))
Operating income
Non-Operating Income (Expenses):
Interest and dividend income Interest expenses
Foreign exchange gain (loss) Other, net
Ordinary income Special Gains (Losses):
Gain on sales of fixed assets (Note 6.6)) Loss on sales of fixed assets (Note 6.7)) Loss on devaluation of investment securities Impairment loss on fixed assets (Note 6.8))
Income before income taxes Provision for Income Taxes (Note 14):
Current Deferred
Net Income
Net Income attributable to non-controlling interests
Net Income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 2019
2020
2020
 2019
2020
2020
¥1,504,636 160,324
1,664,960
1,307,825 140,489
1,448,315
196,811 19,834
216,645 86,921
129,724
6,556 (2,418)
11 84
133,957
9,342 (78) (2)
−
143,219 47,429
Millions of Yen
¥1,517,883 180,409
1,698,292
1,319,118 153,504
1,472,622
198,765 26,904
225,670 91,775
133,894
7,518 (2,244) (1,713)
531
137,986
7,581 (508) (794)
(2,915)
141,349 48,931
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$14,040,178 1,668,754
15,708,932
12,201,633 1,419,887
13,621,521
1,838,545 248,866
2,087,411 848,907
1,238,503
69,544 (20,762) (15,852)
4,915
1,276,349
70,125 (4,701) (7,344)
(26,964)
1,307,464
452,611 (61,982)
390,629
916,834 1,308
$915,526
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2020
Net Income
Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
Foreign currency translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive Income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Shareholders of the Corporation Non-controlling interests
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥100,105
819
180 (1,073)
1,640
60 1,627 ¥101,732
¥101,357 374
Millions of Yen
¥99,119
(45,185) (210)
4 (713)
185
(45,918)
¥53,200
¥52,974 226
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$916,834
(417,958) (1,942)
42 (6,597)
1,719
(424,736)
$492,098
$490,003 2,094
Financial Section
                 (4,315) (6,700)
 43,113
100,105 436
¥99,668
42,230
99,119 141
¥98,977
   82 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 83

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2020
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Income before income taxes Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss on fixed assets
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase (decrease) in reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability
Loss (gain) on sales of fixed assets
Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
(Increase) decrease in notes and accounts receivable—trade
(Increase) decrease in real estate for sale
(Increase) decrease in costs on uncompleted construction contracts (Increase) decrease in uncompleted real estate development projects (Increase) decrease in PFI projects and other inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable—trade
Increase (decrease) in advances received on uncompleted construction contracts Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Acquisition of tangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets
Acquisition of marketable securities and investment securities
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities and investment securities
Acquisition of investments in securities of subsidiaries and affiliates resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings Net increase (decrease) in commercial papers Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings
Proceeds from non-recourse borrowings Repayments of non-recourse borrowings Proceeds from issuance of bonds Redemption of bonds
Proceeds from issuance of non-recourse bonds Redemption of non-recourse bonds
Purchase of treasury stock
Dividends
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and Cash Equivalents at end of year
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2020
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
¥141,349
13,633 2,915
(313) (2,102)
592 (62)
794 (7,010) (7,518)
2,244 94,665 22,306
1,067 4,105 5,867
(35,504) (43,983) 26,135
219,182 8,168
(2,170) (54,623)
170,557
(123,904) 144
(6,173) 17,301
(1,105) (2,008)
(115,745)
(9,116) 80,000 39,450
(18,793) 15,963
(8,392) 30,000
(20,000) 26,000 (14,060) (20,003) (31,906)
(408)
68,732 (799)
122,744 229,978
¥352,722
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$1,307,464
126,112 26,964
(2,899) (19,444)
5,476 (580)
7,344 (64,843) (69,544)
20,762 875,644 206,335
9,872 37,972 54,271
(328,413) (406,841) 241,748
2,027,401 75,561
(20,075) (505,259)
1,577,627
(1,146,096) 1,333
(57,101) 160,039
(10,230) (18,575)
(1,070,630)
(84,324) 739,987 364,906
(173,832) 147,658
(77,631) 277,495
(184,996) 240,495 (130,055) (185,033) (295,129)
(3,778)
635,760 (7,392)
1,135,363 2,127,262
$3,262,626
Financial Section
 2019
2020
2020
    Shareholders’Equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
Common stock
¥74,365
Additional paid-in capital
¥43,116
Retained earnings
¥366,805
Treasury stock
¥(1,606)
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
¥149,282
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
¥(264)
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
¥25,984
Foreign currency translation adjustments
¥(937)
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
¥(5,893)
Non- controlling
¥143,219
13,304 – 115
(3,199) 867 65 2
(9,329) (6,556) 2,418
(137,952) 6,206
(1,335) 5,924 (5,781)
(22,559) 32,792
(797)
17,405 7,196
(2,430) (37,104)
(14,933)
(58,719) 184
(4,686) 14,868
– (4,298)
(52,652)
(6,282) –
16,500 (22,035)
9,871 (6,472)
– (10,000)
– (879) (3) (22,790) (312)
(42,404) (1,190)
(111,180) 341,158
Total net interests assets
 Balance as at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends paid (¥29.00 per share)
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation for the year
Reversal of revaluation reserve forland,netoftaxes
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, at cost
Changes other than shareholders’ equity
Balance as at April 1, 2019
Cash dividends paid (¥41.00 per share)
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation for the year
Reversal of revaluation reserve forland,netoftaxes
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, at cost
Changes other than shareholders’ equity
Balance as at March 31, 2020
¥5,478 ¥656,330
– –(22,790) – – – – – – –(22,790)
– – ––119–––––––119
– 0
– – ¥74,365 ¥43,116
– –
– (3) – – – 797
–––––
99,668 –
– –
– –
– –
99,668
(3)
1,918 ¥735,242
(31,906)
 ¥443,802 (31,906)
¥(1,609) ¥150,079 – –
209 (119) (1,017) ¥(54) ¥25,864 ¥(1,955)
1,699 348 ¥(4,193) ¥5,826
– –
98,977
106 (45,897)
¥5,932 ¥736,412
–––––
– – ––––––––––– – 0 –(20,003) – – – – – –(20,003)
98,977
––––(45,181)(114)–
–––––
   ¥74,365
¥43,116
Additional paid-in capital
¥510,873
¥(21,613)
¥104,898
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
¥(169)
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
$(501)
¥25,864
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
(29)
¥(1,985)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(677)
¥(4,870)
     Shareholders’Equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Common stock
$687,867
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Thousands of U.S. Dollars(Note 2)
Remeasure-
ments of Non-
defined controlling
benefit plans interests assets
$(38,787) $53,895 $6,800,874
Total net
 Balance as at April 1, 2019
Cash dividends paid (¥41.00 per share)
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation for the year
Reversal of revaluation reserve forland,netoftaxes
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, at cost
Changes other than shareholders’ equity
Balance as at March 31, 2020
$398,820 $4,105,101
$(14,888) $1,388,213
$239,242 $(18,089)
– –(295,129) – – – – – – –(295,129)
– – 915,526 –
– –
– –
– –
915,526
–––––––––––
–0–(185,033)–––––– (185,033)
– – – – (417,921) (1,063) – (273) (6,265) 981 (424,541)
$687,867 $398,821 $4,725,498 $(199,921) $970,292 $(1,564) $239,242 $(18,362) $(45,052) $54,877 $6,811,697
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
The Corporation Law of Japan provides that an amount equal to 10% of the amount to be disbursed as distribution of capital surplus (other than the capital reserve) and retained earnings (other than the legal reserve) be transferred to the capital reserve and legal reserve, respectively, until the sum of the capital reserve and the legal reserve equals 25% of the capital stock account. Such distributions can be made at any time by resolution of the shareholders, or by the Board of Directors if certain conditions are met.
     ¥229,978
 84 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 85

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries
1. Basis of Presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared based on the accounts maintained by Shimizu Corporation (the “Corporation”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, which are differ- ent in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards, and are compiled from the consolidated financial statements prepared by the Corporation as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan.
2. U.S. Dollar Amounts
The accounts of consolidated financial statements presented herein are expressed in Japanese yen by rounding down to the nearest million. The U.S. dollar amounts shown in the accompanying con- solidated financial statements and notes thereto have been translated from the original Japanese yen into U.S. dollars on the basis of ¥108.11 to U.S.$1, the rate of exchange prevailing at March 31, 2020, and have been then rounded down to the nearest thousand. These U.S. dollar amounts are not intended to imply that the Japanese yen amounts have been or could be converted, realized or settled in U.S. dollars at this or any other rate.
3. Principles of Consolidation
1) Scope of Consolidation
The Corporation had 70 subsidiaries as at March 31, 2020. The consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2020 include the accounts of the Corporation and all subsidiaries.
The Corporation had 16 affiliates as at March 31, 2020. As at March 31, 2020, the equity method was applied to all affiliates.
2) Financial Statements of Subsidiaries
The financial year-end for 20 subsidiaries is December 31, the financial year-end for one subsidiary is February 29 and the financial year-end for one subsidiary is March 26.
Consolidation of these subsidiaries is therefore performed by using their financial statements as at December 31, February 29 and March 26, respectively, and certain adjustments are made to reflect any significant transactions during the period from year-end balance sheet dates for these subsidiaries to March 31.
3) Amortization of Goodwill
Goodwill is principally amortized on a straight-line basis from the year of acquisition over its esti- mated useful life but not exceeding 20 years.
4) Elimination of Unrealized Intercompany Profits
All significant unrealized intercompany profits included in assets such as “Costs on uncompleted construction contracts” among the Group has been eliminated on consolidation and the portion thereof attributable to non-controlling interests is reported as “Non-controlling Interests.”
In connection with the elimination of unrealized intercompany profits, the depreciation expense is also adjusted to eliminate any profit from the cost of assets purchased through intercompany transactions.
4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
1) Valuation of Securities
The Group classifies securities into two different categories, held-to-maturity debt securities and other securities. The Group holds no trading securities. Held-to-maturity debt securities are valued at amortized cost. Other securities with market quotations are valued at the prevailing market price as at the balance sheet date. Other securities without market quotations are stated at cost, cost being determined by the moving average method. Net unrealized gains on other securities with market quotations are reported net of taxes as a separated component of “Net Assets” and the cost of sales is determined by the moving average method.
2) Valuation of Inventories
Real estate for sale: At cost on an individual basis (The carrying value of inventories on the balance sheet is presented at book value after write-down for decline in earnings.)
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts: At cost on an individual basis
Costs on uncompleted real estate development projects: At cost on an individual basis (The carry- ing value of inventories on the balance sheet is presented at book value after write-down for de- cline in earnings.)
PFI projects and other inventories: At cost on an individual basis or at cost, cost being determined by the moving average method (The carrying value of inventories on the balance sheet is presented at book value after write-down for decline in earnings.)
3) Depreciation Method of Tangible Fixed Assets
Depreciation of buildings and structures is principally computed by the straight-line method. De- preciation of other tangible fixed assets is principally computed by the declining balance method.
4) Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
For receivables classified as “normal,” the allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on a historical default ratio. For receivables classified as “doubtful” or “bankrupt,” the allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on individual assessment on the probability of collection.
5) Warranty Reserve
An allowance to cover the costs of repairs for damages related to completed construction work for which the Group is responsible is provided based on previous warranty experience.
6) Reserve for Expected Losses on Construction Contracts in Process
An allowance is provided for estimated future losses related to the construction contracts in process.
7) Reserve for Directors’ Bonuses
An allowance is provided for bonus payment to directors based on payment estimates.
8) Reserve for Loss on Anti-Monopoly Act
An allowance is provided for an estimated amount of payment of penalties under the Anti-monopoly Act.
9) Accounting Method for Retirement Benefits
Net defined benefit liability has been recorded mainly at the amount calculated based on the pro- jected benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets as at the balance sheet date.
Method of attributing the projected benefit obligations to periods of service: Benefit formula basis Method used for amortization of actuarial gain or loss: Straight-line method (10 years - amortized from the following financial year)
Method used for amortization of prior service cost: Straight-line method (10 years)
Adoption of simplified methods in the Group: Some consolidated subsidiaries apply a simplified method to compute their net defined benefit liability and retirement benefit expenses.
10) Accounting for Hedging
Hedging instruments are valued at fair value and accounted by using the deferral method of ac- counting. With regard to some interest rate swaps which meet certain requirements, the Group uses the special treatment, based on the short-cut method, assuming that there is no ineffective- ness in the hedging relationship between hedged items and hedging instruments.
Hedging instruments: Derivative transactions (interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts)
Hedged items: Assets and liabilities which are exposed to interest and foreign exchange          market fluctuation risks
Hedging policy: Derivative transactions are used solely for hedging the risks associated with         existing or future assets and liabilities.
        Derivative transactions are never entered into for the purpose of trading or
speculation.
11) Recognizing Revenues and Costs of Construction Contracts
Revenues and costs of construction contracts, of which the percentage of completion can be reliably estimated, are recognized by the percentage-of-completion method. The percentage of completion is calculated based on the cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost. The completed-contract method is applied to all other construction contracts.
Financial Section
    86 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 87

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
12) Consumption Taxes
Consumption taxes payable or receivable are excluded from each account in the consolidated statements of income.
13) Foreign Currency Translation
The balance sheet of overseas subsidiaries is translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date except for shareholders’ equity which is translated at historical rates. The revenues and expenses of overseas subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date.
Differences arising from such translations are shown as “Foreign currency translation adjustments” and are included in “Net Assets.”
14) Cash Flows
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows consist of cash on hand, bank deposits payable on demand, time deposits, negotiable certificate of deposits, etc., which are readily convertible into cash and subject to minor risks of fluctuations in value.
15) Income Taxes
Income taxes of the Corporation and its domestic subsidiaries consist of corporate income taxes, local inhabitants’ taxes and enterprise taxes.
The Corporation and its domestic subsidiaries account for deferred taxes in accordance with the regulations for preparation of consolidated financial statements in Japan. Deferred income taxes are determined using the asset and liability approach, whereby deferred tax assets and li- abilities are recognized in respect of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and those as reported in the financial statements.
In addition, the consolidated overseas subsidiaries provide for deferred income taxes relating to temporary differences between reporting for tax and accounting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the relevant countries.
16) Changes in accounting policies that are difficult to distinguish from changes in accounting estimates
(Change in method of depreciation of buildings and structures)
Effective from the fiscal year ended March 31,2020, the Corporation and some of its subsidiaries have altered the method of depreciation of buildings and structures from the declining balance method to the straight-line method.
In the Group’s long-term vision “SHIMZ VISION 2030” and “Mid-Term Management Plan (2019– 2023)” announced in May 2019, it is described that the Group will invest ¥500 billion in real es- tate development business over the next five years until the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 in order to achieve stable earnings. Accordingly, buildings and structures for leasing business, which will operate stably over the long term are expected to increase. Therefore, the method of depre- ciation has been altered to the straight-line method which evenly distributes acquisition costs over the estimated useful life.
As a result, operating income, ordinary income and income before income taxes increased re- spectively by ¥1,836 million ($16,990 thousand) in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
17) Accounting Standards issued but not yet effective
(1) Summary
On March 31, 2020, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) revised “Accounting Stan- dard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No.29) and “Implementation Guidance on Ac- counting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No.30). The accounting standard provides a comprehensive framework for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers.
(2) Scheduled effective date
The Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries expect to apply the accounting standard from the fiscal year beginning on April 1, 2021.
(3) The effects of applying accounting standard
At present, the Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries are in the process of measuring the ef- fects of applying the accounting standard.
18) Change in Presentation
(Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows)
In the previous fiscal year, “Purchase of treasury stock” was included in “Other, net” under “Financ- ing Activities”.
Beginning with the current fiscal year, the “Purchase of treasury stock” is separately presented due to its increased materiality.
Consequently, in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the previous fiscal year, “Other, net” in the ¥(315)million under “Financing Activities” was reclassified as “Purchase of treasury stock” of ¥(3)million and “Other, net” of ¥(312)million.
19) Additional information
In response to the state of emergency declaration issued in April 2020 by the Japanese govern- ment in regard to the spread of COVID-19, the Corporation, in principle, closed its job sites lo- cated in 13 prefectures put on special alert under the declaration until May 6, 2020, in consulta- tion with the relevant parties. The Corporation has considered the impact of the closure when estimating costs of construction contracts, upon applying the percentage-of-completion method.
Although it remains difficult to predict when the outbreak of COVID-19 will end, accounting estimates (the percentage-of-completion method, the impairment loss on fixed assets, etc.) have been made on the assumption that the Corporation will proceed with its construction work in order to secure employment and maintain economic activity in the construction industry.
However, in the future, if the business environment changes significantly due to the further ex- pansion or prolongation of COVID-19, the consolidated financial position, financial performance and cash flows of the Group for the following fiscal year may be affected.
5. Notes to Consolidated Balance Sheet
1) Revaluation Reserve for Land
According to the Land Revaluation Law enacted on March 31, 1998, land used for business and owned by the Corporation was revalued on March 31, 2002 and an unrealized gain from the revalu- ation of land was reported as “Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes” as a separate component of “Net Assets” and the relevant deferred tax liabilities were reported as “Deferred tax liabilities for revaluation reserve for land” as a separate component of “Non-Current Liabilities.”
Such revaluation was allowed only at one specific time under the Law and cannot be undertaken at each financial year-end.
According to the enforcement ordinance of the Law, there are several methods allowed to deter- mine the revalued amount of land. The Corporation adopted a method of using the assessed value for property taxes with appropriate adjustments.
Financial Section
 2) Assets Pledged as Collateral
The following assets are pledged as collateral for Long-term borrowings.
   As at March 31
Assets pledged as collateral: Construction in progress
Secured Liabilities: Long-term borrowings
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥– ¥470
¥– ¥1,600
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $4,353 $14,799
      The following assets are pledged as collateral for borrowings at affiliated companies and others.
   As at March 31
2019
Millions of Yen
2020
¥57 43 140 52
¥293
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $533 400 1,294 487 $2,717
  Buildings and structures
Land – Investment securities 140 Other investments 61
Total ¥201
¥–
    88 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 89

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
3) Other Notes to Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at March 31
Contingent liabilities from guaranteeing indebtedness of others
PT. WINDAS DEVELOPMENT (Note) Employees (housing loans)
2019
¥801 53
Millions of Yen
2020
¥1,721 32
¥1,753
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$15,920 302 $16,222
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $616,263
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $260,873
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$–
+6. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Income
1) Revenue recognized using the percentage-of-completion method were as follows:
Financial Section
        For the year ended March 31
Revenue recognized using the percentage-of-completion method
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥1,320,912 ¥1,335,882
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $12,356,696
      Total ¥855
Note: PT. WINDAS DEVELOPMENT is a company that the Corporation’s affiliated company invests in.
2) Provision of reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process included in cost of sales were as follows:
      Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥50,444 ¥66,624
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥21,386 ¥28,203
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥186 ¥–
For the year ended March 31
Provision of reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process included in cost of sales
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥4,737 ¥4,678
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $43,274
    As at March 31
The total amount of business assets pledged as collateral for “Non-recourse borrowings” by subsidiaries engaged in PFI business
As at March 31
The total amount of business assets of subsidiaries engaged in the real estate development business corresponding to “Non-recourse bonds payable”
As at March 31
Amount of “Costs on uncompleted construction contracts,” for which a construction loss is anticipated, matching with “Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process.”
3) Inventory write-down due to reduced profitability included in cost of sales were as follows:
    For the year ended March 31
Inventory write-down due to reduced profitability included in cost of sales
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥680 ¥178
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $1,649
      4) The major components of “Selling, General and Administrative Expenses” were as follows:
       For the year ended March 31
Salaries and allowances to employees Retirement benefit expenses for employees Research and development costs
2019
¥27,736 1,700 8,724
Millions of Yen
2020
¥28,522 1,583 10,296
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $263,826 14,651 95,243
      5) Research and development costs (included in construction costs and general and administrative expenses) were as follows:
     Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥12,574 ¥13,222
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $122,306
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $69,534 590
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
        Note: “Costs on uncompleted construction contracts” for which a construction loss is anticipated and “Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process” are presented without being offset.
For the year ended March 31
Research and development costs
6) Gain on sales of fixed assets were as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Investment securities
Others 10
7) Loss on sales of fixed assets were as follows:
For the year ended March 31 2019
Investment securities ¥2 Others 75
8) Impairment loss on fixed assets were as follows:
      As at March 31
2019
Millions of Yen
2020
¥653 639 46,590
Millions of Yen
2020
¥31,722
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$6,046 5,911 430,953
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $293,424
¥9,332 ¥7,517 63
  Breakdown of PFI projects and other inventories
 Merchandise ¥566
   Materials and supplies  PFI and other projects
As at March 31
Investment securities  Investments in affiliates
467 52,717
2019
¥26,835
Millions of Yen
2020
¥507
Millions of Yen
¥2,915
  2020 $4,691 1 10
         For the year ended March 31, 2020 Purpose
Assets to be disposed
Type Location
Land Tokyo
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$26,964
            90 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 91
Note: The Group groups its assets primarily into units whose income and expenditure are continuously monitored. Assets to be disposed are individually grouped.
Of the fixed assets held by the Corporation, the book value of the asset to be disposed was adjusted downward to amount deemed recoverable, and an impairment loss was posted as a special loss.
The recoverable value of the asset is estimated from the net sale value, based on the expected disposal price.

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial Section
  7. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Reclassification adjustments and tax effects related to other comprehensive income were as follows:
8. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$(532,065) (54,726) (586,791)
168,832 (417,958)
$(2,324) (470) (2,795)
852 (1,942)
$42 − 42
$(18,458) 11,037
(7,420) 823
(6,597)
$461 1,258
1,719 $(424,736)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 Type of shares
Issued stock: Common stock
Treasury stock: Common stock
Number of shares (Thousands)
1) Type and number of outstanding shares
   For the year ended March 31
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes Gains (losses) arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments
Total before tax effect
Tax effect
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Total before tax effect Tax effect
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
Foreign currency translation adjustments Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of taxes
Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Total before tax effect
Tax effect
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of taxes
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥9,852 ¥(57,521) (8,114) (5,916) 1,738 (63,438)
(919) 18,252 819 (45,185)
¥169 ¥(251) 90 (50)
259 (302) (79) 92
180 (210)
¥(1,073) ¥4 - −
(1,073) 4
¥588 ¥(1,995) 1,786 1,193 2,375 (802)
(734) 89 1,640 (713)
¥(0) ¥49 60 136
60 185
¥1,627 ¥(45,918)
Balance at beginning of year
788,514 3,961
Increase in shares during the year
– 3
Decrease in shares during the year
– 0
Balance at end of year
788,514 3,964
        Notes: 1. The increase in 3 thousand shares of treasury stock is due trading unit of shares.
2.The decrease in 0 thousand shares of treasury stock is due unit of shares.
to the purchase of shares in quantities less than the minimum to the sale of shares in quantities less than the minimum trading
    For the year ended March 31, 2020 Type of shares
Issued stock: Common stock
Treasury stock: Common stock
Number of shares (Thousands)
 Balance at beginning of year
788,514
3,964
Increase in shares during the year
– 21,694
Decrease in shares during the year
– 0
Balance at end of year
788,514 25,658
       Notes: 1.The increase in 21,694 thousand shares of treasury stock is due to the purchases of 21,690 thousand shares in accordance with the resolution of the Board of Directors made on June 24, 2019, to purchase the Corporation’s own shares, and the purchases of 3 thousand shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit of shares.
  2.The decrease in 0 thousand shares of treasury stock is of shares.
due to the sale of
Amount (Millions of Yen)
¥12,574
¥10,216
dividend of ¥9.00. dividend of ¥6.00.
shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit
2) Dividends
(1) Dividends paid to shareholders
For the year ended March 31, 2019 Resolution approved by
Annual general meeting of shareholders
(June 28, 2018)
Board of directors (November 5, 2018)
Type of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Amount per share (Yen)
(Note1) ¥16.00
(Note2) ¥13.00
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2018
September 30, 2018
Effective date
June 29, 2018
December 3, 2018
             Note1: Amount of dividend per share ¥16.00 includes a special 2: Amount of dividend per share ¥13.00 includes a special
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Resolution approved by
Annual general meeting of shareholders
(June 27, 2019)
Board of directors (November 12, 2019)
Type of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Amount (Millions of Yen)
¥18,075 ¥13,831
Amount (Thousands of U.S. Dollars)
$167,195
$127,934
Amount per share (Yen)
(Note1) ¥23.00
(Note2) ¥18.00
Amount per share (U.S. Dollars)
$0.21 $0.17
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2019
September 30, 2019
Effective date
June 28, 2019
December 2, 2019
               92 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 93
Note1: Amount of dividend per share ¥23.00 includes a special dividend of ¥16.00. 2: Amount of dividend per share ¥18.00 includes a special dividend of ¥8.00.

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(2) Dividends with a shareholders’ cut-off date during the current fiscal year but an effective date subsequent to the current fiscal year
(3) Supplementary explanation on fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments is based on market value or reasonable estimate if there is no market value. Since certain assumptions are used for estimating values, values could be different if different assumptions are applied. In addition, the derivative contract amounts described in “De- rivatives” (Note 12) are not indicative of the actual market risk involved in derivative transactions.
2) Estimated fair value of financial instruments
The carrying value of the financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2019 and 2020, and estimated fair value are shown below. The following table does not include financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value.
For the year ended March 31, 2019 Resolution approved by
Annual general meeting of shareholders
(June 27, 2019)
Type of shares
Common stock
Paid from
Retained earnings
Amount Amount (Millions per share of Yen) (Yen)
¥18,075 ¥23.00
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2019
Effective date
June 28, 2019
Effective date
June 29, 2020
Financial Section
  Note: Amount of dividend per share ¥23.00 includes a special dividend For the year ended March 31, 2020
of ¥16.00.
Amount (Thousands of U.S. Dollars)
$141,373
As at March 31, 2019
Assets
(1) Cash
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade (3) Marketable securities
(4) Investment securities
Liabilities
(5) Notes and accounts payable — trade
(6) Short-term borrowings
(7) Commercial papers
(8) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
(9) Convertible bond-type bonds with
subscription rights to shares and current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(10) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
(11) Long-term borrowings
(12) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Derivative transactions(*) (13) Derivative transactions
Hedge accounting applied
Carrying value
¥150,978 641,061 79,000 338,257
354,466 121,179 –
60,000
30,046
14,060 49,520
44,593
59
Millions of Yen
Fair value Difference
¥150,978 ¥– 641,061 – 79,000 – 338,257 –
354,466 – 121,179 – – –
60,349 349
30,030 (16)
14,060 – 49,761 240
45,009 415
59 –
  Resolution approved by Annual general meeting
of shareholders (June 26, 2020)
Type of shares
Common stock
Paid from
Retained earnings
Amount (Millions of Yen)
¥15,283
Amount per share (Yen)
¥20.00
Amount per share (U.S. Dollars)
$0.19
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2020
      Note: Amount of dividend per share ¥20.00 includes a special dividend of ¥10.00.
9. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 The reconciliation between cash and cash equivalents reported in the consolidated statement of cash flows and amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheet is as follows:
  As at March 31
Cash (as per consolidated balance sheet) Marketable securities
(Negotiable certificate of deposit)
Cash and cash equivalents
10. Financial Instruments
2019
¥150,978 79,000
¥229,978
Millions of Yen
2020
¥351,722 1,000
¥352,722
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $3,253,376
9,249 $3,262,626
       1) Overview
(1) Policy for financial instruments
The Group raises operating funds primarily through bank borrowings and bond issues. Temporary fund surpluses are managed principally through short-term deposits with little risk. Under the Group’s policy, the Group uses derivatives only for the purpose of reducing risks by hedge, and not for speculative purposes.
(2) Types of financial instruments, risk and risk management
Regarding credit risk associated with customer’s operating receivables such as notes receivable and accounts receivable from construction contracts, the Group appropriately reduces such risk in response to the payment conditions and customer’s credit situation.
The Group holds investment securities primarily for the purpose of maintaining business relation- ships. Every year the Group reviews individual stocks while considering comprehensively costs and risks associated with stockholding and economic rationale, such as the benefit from a business perspective. Then, the Board of Directors verifies the adequacy of the stockholding.
Regarding volatility risk of foreign exchange rates and interest rates, the Group conducts market risk management in line with its risk management rules for volatility in financial markets.
The Group manages liquidity risk associated with raising funds by appropriately planning fund raising based on a three-month cash flow projection prepared monthly and the fiscal year’s cash flow projection.
   94 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 95

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial Section
 As at March 31, 2020
Assets
(1) Cash
(2) Notes and accounts receivable — trade (3) Marketable securities
(4) Investment securities
Liabilities
(5) Notes and accounts payable — trade
(6) Short-term borrowings
(7) Commercial papers
(8) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
(9) Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares and current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(10) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
(11) Long-term borrowings
(12) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Derivative transactions(*) (13) Derivative transactions
Hedge accounting applied
As at March 31, 2020
Assets
(1) Cash
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade (3) Marketable securities
(4) Investment securities
Liabilities
(5) Notes and accounts payable — trade
(6) Short-term borrowings
(7) Commercial papers
(8) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
(9) Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares and current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(10) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
(11) Long-term borrowings
(12) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Derivative transactions(*) (13) Derivative transactions
Hedge accounting applied
Carrying value
¥351,722 546,148 1,020 264,468
319,164 112,774 80,000
70,000
30,016
26,000 70,360
52,164
(242)
Carrying value
$3,253,376 5,051,784 9,434 2,446,294
2,952,221 1,043,146 739,987
647,488
277,645
240,495 650,821
482,512
(2,247)
Millions of Yen
Fair value Difference
¥351,722 ¥– 546,148 – 1,020 – 264,468 –
319,164 – 112,774 – 80,000 –
69,756 (244)
29,814 (202)
26,000 – 70,819 459
53,371 1,207
(242) –
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Fair value Difference
$3,253,376 $– 5,051,784 – 9,434 – 2,446,294 –
2,952,221 – 1,043,146 –
739,987
645,231 (2,256)
275,774 (1,870)
240,495 – 655,067 4,246
493,677 11,165
(2,247) –
Notes: 1. Method to determine the estimated fair value of financial instruments
(1) Cash, (3) Marketable securities, (5) Notes and accounts payable—trade, (6) Short-term borrowings, (7) Commercial papers The Corporation uses carrying value for these amounts because they will be settled in the short term, meaning that carrying value approximate fair value.
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade
By receivables with separate fixed terms, the fair value is calculated by applying a discount rate determined taking into account the term of collection and the credit risk.
(4) Investment securities
The fair value of stocks is determined based on the stock market price and the fair value of bonds is determined based on the stock market price or prices quoted by financial institutions. Among “Investment securities,” non-listed shares, etc. (¥55,129 million ($509,937 thousand) in the consolidated balance sheets as at March 31, 2020 (¥49,488 million as at March 31, 2019) ) are not included in the above because determining the fair value for them is extremely difficult.
(8) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable, (9) Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares and current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
The fair value of the bonds issued by the Corporation is based on the prevailing market price.
(10) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
Carrying value is used as fair value as there is a variable interest rate and the value is reviewed on a short term basis to reflect the market interest rate, meaning that carrying value approximate fair value.
(11) Long-term borrowings, (12) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
The fair value of long-term borrowings and non-recourse borrowings are estimated by applying a discount rate to be applied to the total of principal and interest if a similar new borrowings agreement would be entered into. Some long-term borrowings and non-recourse borrowings are subject to special treatment of interest rate swap, and these are calculated by applying a discount rate to be applied to the total principal and interest with the consideration of the underlying interest rate swap if a similar new borrowings agreement would be entered into.
(13) Derivative transactions
The fair value of derivative transactions is valued from prices quoted by financial institutions.
 2.Anticipated redemption amount after balance sheet date for monetary assets and securities with maturities.
 As at March 31, 2019 Less than 1 year
Cash ¥150,978
Over 1 year less than 5 years
¥– 30,194
20 –
¥30,214
Over 1 year less than 5 years
¥– 16,433
– –
¥16,433
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥– –
– –
¥–
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥– –
– –
¥–
 Notes and accounts receivable — trade Marketable securities and investment securities Other marketable securities with maturities  Bonds (corporate bonds)
 Other (negotiable certificate of deposit)
610,866
– 79,000
   Total ¥840,845
   As at March 31, 2020
Less than 1 year
 Cash ¥351,722
Notes and accounts receivable — trade Marketable securities and investment securities Other marketable securities with maturities  Bonds (corporate bonds)
 Other (negotiable certificate of deposit)
529,714
20 1,000
 Total ¥882,457
  96 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 97
(*)Assets and liabilities that arise from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. When the total amount becomes a net liability, the amount is indicated in parenthesis.

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Financial Section
  As at March 31, 2020
Over 1 year Less than 1 year less than 5 years
Over 5 years
$– –
– –
$–
As at March 31, 2020
Short-term borrowings
Commercial papers
Bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Non-recourse bonds payable
Long-term borrowings Non-recourse borrowings
Total
Less than 1 year
$1,043,146
739,987
92,498
277,495
25,574 – 64,352
$2,243,054
Over 1 year less than 2 years
$–
–
92,498
–
11,702
138,010
60,558
$302,769
Over 2 years less than 3 years
$–
–
–
–
127,295
116,792
56,768
$300,856
Over 3 years less than 4 years
$–
–
–
–
75,922
94,694
53,078
$223,695
Over 4 years less than 5 years
$–
–
184,996
–
–
77,640
48,746
$311,383
Over 5 years
$–
–
277,495
–
–
223,683
199,008
$700,186
Millions of Yen
Difference
¥214,232
214,232
(1,646) –
(1,646)
¥212,585
Millions of Yen
Difference
¥155,719
155,719
(6,571) –
(6,571)
¥149,147
 Cash $3,253,376 $–
 Notes and accounts receivable — trade Marketable securities and investment securities Other marketable securities with maturities  Bonds (corporate bonds)
 Other (negotiable certificate of deposit)
4,899,775 152,008
184 – 9,249 –
       Total $8,162,586 $152,008
        3. Repayment schedule for short-term borrowings, bonds payable, convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares, non-recourse bonds payable, long-term borrowings and non-recourse borrowings after each fiscal year end.
   As at March 31, 2019
Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Non-recourse bonds payable
Long-term borrowings Non-recourse borrowings
Less than 1 year
¥121,179
–
20,000 –
14,060
– 7,432
Over 1 year less than 2 years
¥–
–
10,000 30,000
–
14,621
6,446
¥61,068
Over 1 year less than 2 years
¥–
–
10,000 –
1,265
14,920
6,546
¥32,732
Over 2 years less than 3 years
¥–
–
10,000
–
–
11,073
6,030
¥27,103
Over 2 years less than 3 years
¥–
–
–
–
13,761
12,626
6,137
¥32,525
Over 3 years less than 4 years
¥–
–
–
–
–
8,087
5,615
¥13,702
Over 3 years less than 4 years
¥–
– –
–
8,208
10,237
5,738
¥24,183
Over 4 years less than 5 years
¥–
–
–
–
–
5,632
5,210
¥10,842
Over 4 years less than 5 years
¥–
–
20,000
–
–
8,393
5,269
¥33,663
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥–
– 20,000
–
–
10,106
13,857
¥43,964
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥–
–
30,000
–
–
24,182
21,514
¥75,697
11. Securities
     1) Other securities (with market value)
As at March 31, 2019
Book value
Acquisition cost
¥115,515
115,515
10,156 79,000
89,156
¥204,671
Acquisition cost
¥81,869
81,869
33,451 1,000
34,451
¥116,320
                   Total ¥162,672
Securities with unrealized gains
 Stocks ¥329,748
 Sub total 329,748 Securities with unrealized losses
 Stocks 8,509  Other 79,000
 Sub total 87,509
Total ¥417,257
     As at March 31, 2020
Short-term borrowings
Commercial papers
Bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Non-recourse bonds payable
Long-term borrowings Non-recourse borrowings
Less than 1 year
¥112,774
80,000
10,000
30,000
2,764
– 6,957
As at March 31, 2020
Book value
    Securities with unrealized gains
 Stocks ¥237,588
 Sub total 27,880
Total ¥265,468
          Sub total
Securities with unrealized losses
 Stocks 26,880  Other 1,000
237,588
           Total ¥242,496
 98 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 99

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Financial Section
 As at March 31, 2020
Book value
Acquisition cost
$757,282
757,282
309,418 9,249
318,667
$1,075,950
Total gain on sales
¥9,246
Total gain on sales
¥7,517
Difference
$1,440,375
1,440,375
(60,782) –
(60,782)
$1,379,593
Millions of Yen
Total loss on sales
¥2
Millions of Yen
Total loss on sales
¥507
As at March 31, 2020 Hedging method
Deferredhedge method
As at March 31, 2020 Hedging method
Deferredhedge method
Millions of Yen
Fair value
$35 (278)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Fair value
$332 (2,579)
Millions of Yen
Fair value
(Note)
  Securities with unrealized gains
 Stocks $2,197,657
 Sub total 2,197,657 Securities with unrealized losses
 Stocks 248,636  Other 9,249
 Sub total 257,885
Total $2,455,543
Transaction type
Foreignexchange forward contract
Buy U.S. dollar/ Sell Yen
Sell U.S. dollar/
Buy Singapore dollar
Transaction type
Foreignexchange forward contract
Buy U.S. dollar/ Sell Yen
Sell U.S. dollar/
Buy Singapore dollar
Main hedged item
Forecastedforeign currency transactions
Main hedged item
Forecastedforeign currency transactions
Contract amount
¥2,716 8,821
Contract amount
$25,130 81,600
Contract over 1 year
¥2,139 8,821
Contract over 1 year
$19,785 81,600
       2) Other securities sold
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Sales amount
   Shares ¥14,696
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Sales amount
Shares ¥17,301
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Sales amount
Shares $160,039
1) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied (1) Currency-related transactions
As at March 31, 2019 and 2020
This item is omitted because of its immateriality.
2) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied (1) Currency-related transactions
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Note: The fair value of derivative transactions is determined based on prices quoted by financial institutions.
      Total gain on sales
$69,534
Total loss on sales
$4,691
(2) Interest-related transactions
  As at March 31, 2019 Hedging method
Special treatment of interest rate swap
Transaction type
Main hedged item
Contract amount
¥2,250
Contract over 1 year
¥1,350
   12. Derivatives
Interest rate swap Non-recourse transaction borrowings Payment fixed/
receiving variable
 Note: Since special treatment of interest rate swaps is made together with hedged non-recourse borrowings, its fair value of interest rate swaps has been included in that of the relevant non-recourse borrowings.
  As at March 31, 2019 Hedging method
Deferred hedge method
Transaction type
Foreign exchange forward contract
Buy U.S. dollar/ Sell Yen
Main hedged item
Forecasted foreign currency transactions
Contract amount
¥2,758
Contract over 1 year
¥2,087
Millions of Yen
Fair value
¥59
As at March 31, 2020 Hedging method
Special treatment of interest rate swap
As at March 31, 2020 Hedging method
Special treatment of interest rate swap
Transaction type
Interest rate swap transaction Payment fixed/ receiving variable
Transaction type
Interest rate swap transaction Payment fixed/ receiving variable
Main hedged item
Non-recourse borrowings
Main hedged item
Non-recourse borrowings
Contract amount
¥1,350
Contract amount
$12,487
Contract over 1 year
¥450
Contract over 1 year
$4,162
Millions of Yen
Fair value
(Note)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Fair value
(Note)
     Note: The fair value of derivative transactions is determined based on prices quoted by financial institutions.
  100 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 101
Note: Since special treatment of interest rate swaps is made together with hedged non-recourse borrowings, its fair value of interest rate swaps has been included in that of the relevant non-recourse borrowings.

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial Section
 13. Retirement Benefits
1) Summary of Employees’ Retirement Benefit Plans
The Corporation and certain consolidated subsidiaries have lump-sum retirement payment plans and defined benefit pension plans.
As at March 31, 2019, the Corporation and 21 consolidated subsidiaries offered lump-sum retire- ment payment plans and the Corporation and 5 consolidated subsidiaries also offered a defined benefit pension plan.
As at March 31, 2020, the Corporation and 21 consolidated subsidiaries offered lump-sum retire- ment payment plans and the Corporation and 5 consolidated subsidiaries also offered a defined benefit pension plan.
(3) Reconciliation of Projected Benefit Obligations and Plan Assets and Net liability for retirement benefit in the consolidated balance sheet
   2) Defined benefit pension plan
(1) Reconciliation of Projected Benefit Obligations
Projected benefit obligations as at April 1  Service cost
 Interest cost
 Actuarial gain or loss
 Retirement benefits paid  Prior service cost  Other
Projected benefit obligations as at March 31
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥157,785 ¥153,909 7,012 7,106 5 2 90 463
(11,734) (10,952) – 266 749 790
¥153,909 ¥151,584
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$1,423,636 65,732 22 4,282
(101,310) 2,461 7,309
$1,402,134
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$906,813 7,035
(11,713) 39,794 (70,214)
465
$872,180
Funded projected benefit obligation Plan assets
Unfunded projected benefit obligation
Net liability for projected benefit in the consolidated balance sheet
Net defined benefit liability
Net liability for projected benefit in the consolidated balance sheet
(4) Retirement Benefit Expenses
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Amortization of actuarial gain or loss Amortization of prior service cost Other
Retirement benefit expenses
2019
¥101,762 (98,035)
3,727 52,146
55,873
55,873
¥55,873
2019
¥7,012 5
(781) 1,805
(19) 701
¥8,725
Millions of Yen
2020
¥103,496 (94,291)
9,205 48,087
57,293
57,293
¥57,293
Millions of Yen
2020
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$957,329 (872,180)
85,148 444,804
529,953
529,953
$529,953
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
¥7,106
2 22
        $65,732
  Note: Some consolidated subsidiaries used a simplified method to compute their projected benefit obligations.
(760) 1,185 7 739
¥8,281
(7,035) 10,968 69 6,844
$76,600
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$2,392 5,028
(2) Reconciliation of Plan assets
Plan assets as at April 1  Expected return on plan assets  Actuarial gain or loss  Contributions by the Corporation  Retirement benefits paid  Other
Plan assets as at March 31
2019
¥100,399 781 678 4,314
(8,186) 48
¥98,035
Millions of Yen
2020
¥98,035 760
(1,266) 4,302 (7,590)
50
¥94,291
(5) Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans included in other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before tax effect) were as follows:
Millions of Yen
      Prior service cost Actuarial gain or loss Total
2019
¥19 (2,394)
2020
¥258 543
   ¥(2,375) ¥802 $7,420
    (6) Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans included in accumulated other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before tax effect) were as follows:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$2,127 61,044
$63,171
  Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial gain or loss
Total
2019
¥(28) 6,055
¥6,027
2020
¥229 6,599
¥6,829
  102 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 103

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(7) Plan assets
(a) Major components of plan assets were as follows:
15. Investment and Rental Properties
The Corporation and certain consolidated subsidiaries own office buildings, residential units and other real estate properties for lease, mainly in Tokyo and other major urban cities in Japan.
For the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, the carrying values, changes during the year, and fair values of those properties were as follows:
Financial Section
 2019 2020
 Stocks 13% 12% Bonds 12% 12% General account 73% 73% Other 2% 3%
Total 100% 100%
(b) Method for estimation of expected return on plan assets
The expected return on plan assets has been estimated based on the anticipated allocation to each asset class and the expected long-term returns on assets held in each category.
(8) Assumptions for actuarial calculations
Major components of the basis for actuarial calculations (figures are weighted averages)
For the year ended March 31
Carrying value
 Balance at beginning of year  Changes during the year  Balance at end of year
Fair value at end of year
2019
¥138,667 23,958 162,626 265,197
Millions of Yen
2020
¥162,626 54,286 216,913 369,280
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$1,504,272 502,138 2,006,410 3,415,784
         Discount rates
Expected rates of return on plan assets
14. Deferred Tax Accounting
2019 2020
0.0% 0.0% 0.8% 0.8%
Notes: 1. The carrying value is the amount after deducting accumulated depreciation from acquisition cost.
2. The changes during the year primarily consist of real estate acquisitions (increase: ¥34,483 million) and depreciation (decrease:
¥3,541 million) for the year ended March 31, 2019.
3. The changes during the year primarily consist of real estate acquisitions (increase: ¥59,042 million ($546,129 thousand)) and
depreciation (decrease: ¥4,093 million ($37,860 thousand)) for the year ended March 31, 2020.
4. The fair value is mainly calculated by the Corporation based on real estate appraisal standards, or based on the appraisal re-
port prepared by external certified appraisers.
For the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, incomes from rental business were as follows:
  1) As at March 31, 2019 and 2020, the significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Net sales on rental business
Cost of sales on rental business Gross profit on rental business Other profit
2019
¥18,148 11,454 6,694 80
Millions of Yen
2020
¥19,609 13,061 6,548 163
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $181,387 120,817 60,569 1,509
      2019
Deferred tax assets
 Net defined benefit liability
 Non-deductible portion of reserves and allowances
 Losses on write-down of assets
 Excess depreciation of fixed assets
 Tax losses carried forward
 Other 20,572
Millions of Yen
2020
¥16,344 9,189 7,349 6,262 2,245 25,323
66,715 (14,378)
52,337
(44,234) (5,466)
(49,701)
¥2,636
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$151,184 85,000 67,985 57,930 20,769 234,241 617,111
(132,994) 484,116
(409,163) (50,566) (459,729)
$24,386
As at March 31
  ¥15,925 9,335 7,895 5,330 2,518
     Sub total
 Less: valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
 Net unrealized gains on other securities
 Other (5,373)
Total deferred tax liabilities (67,860)
Net deferred tax assets(liabilities) ¥(22,218)
61,579 (15,937)
  45,642 (62,487)
         104 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 105
2) As at March 31, 2019 and 2020, the reconciliations of the statutory tax rate to the effective income tax rate were as follows:
Reconciliations as at March 31, 2019 and 2020 are omitted because the differences are not more than 5% of the statutory tax rate.

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Intersegment transactions are based on arm’s length price.
(3) Net sales, profit or loss, assets and liabilities by reportable segment were as follows:
Financial Section
 16. Segment Information
1) Segment Information
(1) Overview of Reportable Segment
The Group is engaged in construction, real estate development and other related businesses. Con- struction business and real estate business both operated by the Corporation are the main busi- nesses of the Group.
Construction business of the Corporation is operated by branches, etc. located in various re- gions. Real estate business of the Corporation, which involves development, rental and sales, is op- erated by the Investment and Development Division. The Board of Directors regularly reviews the management and operating results.
Therefore, based on the aggregate criteria and the quantitative criteria, “Construction business of the Corporation,” which consists of branches of the Corporation, and “Real estate business of the Corporation,” conducted by the Investment and Development Division, are deemed to be the two reportable segments of the Group.
(2) Detail of the method used to calculate net sales, profit or loss, assets and liabilities by reportable segment The accounting policies of the reportable segments are mostly the same as those in “4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.” However, segment profit does not include provision and reversal amounts of reserves and allowances which are included in the consolidated financial statements.
2) Related information
For the year ended March 31, 2019
(1) Product and Service Information
Net sales from external customers in the Construction business including architectural construc- tion, civil engineering and other related business totaled ¥1,504,636 million.
(2) Geographical Segments
(a) Net sales
This item is omitted because net sales to customers in Japan represented over 90% of the net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
(b) Tangible fixed assets
This item is omitted because tangible assets located in Japan represented over 90% of the tangible fixed assets on the consolidated balance sheet.
(3) Information by main customers
This item is omitted because net sales to no single customer represented 10% or more of total net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
For the year ended March 31, 2020
(1) Product and Service Information
Net sales from external customers in the Construction business including architectural construction, civil engineering and other related business totaled ¥1,517,883 million ($14,040,178 thousand).
(2) Geographical Segments
(a) Net sales
This item is omitted because net sales to customers in Japan represented over 90% of the net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
(b) Tangible fixed assets
This item is omitted because tangible assets located in Japan represented over 90% of the tangible fixed assets on the consolidated balance sheet.
(3) Information by main customers
This item is omitted because net sales to no single customer represented 10% or more of total net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
3) Impairment loss on fixed assets by reportable segment
For the years ended March 31, 2019 Not applicable.
For the years ended March 31, 2020
Impairment loss in amount of ¥2,915 million ($26,964 thousand) is related to a fixed asset to be disposed by the Corporation which is not allocated to a business segment.
4) Amortization of goodwill and unamortized balance by reportable segment
For the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
This item is omitted in accordance with Article 15-2 Paragraph 4 of the Regulations for Consolidat- ed Financial Statements.
5) Gain on negative goodwill by reportable segment
Not applicable.
17. Related Party Transactions
For the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 Not applicable.
  For the year ended March 31, 2019
Net sales
 Customers  Intersegment or transfer
Total
Segment profit (Note 1)
Construction business of the Corporation
Real estate business of the Corporation
Other (Note 2)
¥304,582 200,845
¥505,428
¥20,086
Total
¥1,664,960 245,158
¥1,910,119
¥162,745
Adjustment (Note 3)
¥– (245,158)
¥(245,158)
¥(33,021)
Millions of Yen
Consolidated
¥1,664,960 –
¥1,664,960
¥129,724
   ¥1,335,184 ¥25,193 44,195 116
¥1,379,380 ¥25,310
¥133,901 ¥8,757
   Notes: 1. Segment profits are adjusted to the operating income of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
2. “Other” segment is composed of business segments not included in the reportable segments, and includes Engineering and
LCV(Life Cycle Valuation) business operated by the Corporation and other businesses operated by subsidiaries. 3. The adjustment of ¥33,021 million in segment profit was intersegment eliminations, etc.
4. The amounts of business segment assets
have not been presented because they were not allocated to business segments. Millions of Yen
  For the year ended March 31, 2020
Net sales
 Customers  Intersegment or transfer
Total
Segment profit (Note 1)
For the year ended March 31, 2020
Net sales
 Customers  Intersegment or transfer
Total
Segment profit (Note 1)
Construction business of the Corporation
¥1,348,316 59,757
¥1,408,074
¥145,130
Construction business of the Corporation
Real estate business of the Corporation
¥26,232 7,615
¥33,848
¥10,312
Real estate business of the Corporation
Other (Note 2)
¥323,743 196,441
¥520,185
¥22,355
Other (Note 2)
$2,994,573 1,817,055
$4,811,628
$206,786
Total
¥1,698,292 263,815
¥1,962,108
¥177,798
Total
$15,708,932 2,440,250
$18,149,183
$1,644,611
Adjustment (Note 3)
Consolidated
   ¥– ¥1,698,292 (263,815) –
¥(263,815) ¥1,698,292
¥(43,904) ¥133,894
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
     $12,471,711 $242,647 552,749 70,445
$13,024,461 $313,092
$1,342,434 $95,390
$– $15,708,932 (2,440,250) –
$(2,440,250) $15,708,932
$(406,107) $1,238,503
Adjustment (Note 3)
Consolidated
       106 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 107
Notes: 1. Segment profits are adjusted to the operating income of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income. 2.“Other” segment is composed of business segments not included in the reportable segments, and includes Engineering
and LCV(Life Cycle Valuation) business operated by the Corporation and other businesses operated by subsidiaries.
3. The adjustment of ¥43,904 million ($406,107 thousand) in segment profit was intersegment eliminations, etc.
4. The amounts of business segment assets have not been presented because they were not allocated to business segments.

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Yen
2019 2020
¥929.72 ¥957.56 ¥127.04 ¥128.31 ¥127.04 ¥128.30
U.S. Dollars
2020 $8.86 $1.19 $1.19
Total amount of face value of Bonds (Millions of Yen)
¥30,000
Total amount of face value of Bonds (Thousands of U.S. Dollars)
$277,495
Number of Subscription rights to shares (Shares)
Class and number of shares underlying subscription rights to shares
Conversion value (Yen)
¥1,252.9
Conversion value (U.S. Dollars)
$11.59
Exercise period of subscription rights to shares
From October 30, 2015 To October 2, 2020
Financial Section
 18. Amounts per Share
For the year ended March 31
Net assets per share of common stock
Basic net income per share of common stock Diluted net income per share of common stock
For the year ended March 31,2020
Euro/Yen Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds due 2020
         1) Basis of net income per share of common stock and diluted net income per share of common stock (1) Net income per share of common stock
3,000 Common stock
Total amount of face value of Bonds divided by conversion value
  For the year ended March 31
Net income attributed to shareholders of the Corporation
Net income not attributed to common shareholders Net income attributed to shareholders of
Corporation available for distribution to
shareholders of common shares
Average number of common shares issued and
outstanding during the period
(2) Diluted net income per share of common stock
For the year ended March 31
Adjustment in net income attributed to shareholders of the Corporation
(Stock subscription rights of affiliated companies decrease the equity investment earnings when they are exercised)
Number of common stock increased by share warrants
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥99,668 ¥98,977 – –
99,668 98,977 784,551 771,417
thousand thousand shares shares
Millions of Yen
2019 2020
¥(2) ¥(1)
– –
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020
$915,526 –
915,526
771,417
thousand shares
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $(12)
–
Subscription rights to shares issued by 1 equity-method affiliate
    Class and number of shares underlying       subscription rights to shares
       Common stock    4,000 thousand shares
2) Basis of net assets per share of common stock
As at March 31
Net assets
Amounts deducted from net assets  Non-controlling interests
Net assets applicable to common stock Number of shares of common stock
at end of year
2019
¥735,242 5,826 5,826 729,415 784,550
thousand shares
Millions of Yen
2020
¥736,412 5,932 5,932 730,479 762,856
thousand shares
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2020 $6,811,697 54,877 54,877 6,756,820 762,856
thousand shares
                (3) Summary of diluted stock not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share due to absence of dilution effect
For the year ended March 31,2019
Euro/Yen Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds due 2020
 Total amount of face value of Bonds (Millions of Yen)
¥30,000
Number of Subscription rights to shares (Shares)
3,000
Class and number of shares underlying subscription rights to shares
Common stock
Total amount of face value of Bonds divided by conversion value
Conversion value (Yen)
¥1,297.0
Exercise period of subscription rights to shares
From October 30, 2015 To October 2, 2020
  108 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 109

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
19. Bonds Payable
Class of shares to be issued
Issue price for subscription rights to shares (yen and U.S. dollars)
Exercise price per share (yen and U.S. dollars)
Total issue amount (millions of yen and thousands of U.S. dollars)
Total amount of shares issued by exercising subscription rights to shares (millions of yen and thousands of U.S. dollars)
Percentage of shares subscription rights to shares (%) Exercise period of subscription rights to shares
Common stock
¥– $– 1,252.9 11.59
30,000 277,495
– – 100
From Oct. 30, 2015 to Oct. 2, 2020
10,000 ¥– ¥–
30,046
14,060
¥–
¥–
Millions of Yen
¥10,000 10,000 – – 20,000
Millions of Yen
¥30,000
Millions of Yen
¥2,764 1,265 13,761 8,208
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$92,498 92,498 – – 184,996
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$277,495
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$25,574 11,702 127,295 75,922
Financial Section
    Issued by
Corporation Corporation
Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation
MM21-46 SPC
MM21-46 SPC
Momiji Property SPC
Momiji Property SPC
Total
Issue type
19th unsecured straight bond 20th unsecured straight bond 21th unsecured straight bond 22th unsecured straight bond 23th unsecured straight bond 24th unsecured straight bond 25th unsecured straight bond 26th unsecured straight bond Euro/Yen Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds due 2020 (Note 2)
2nd general secured specified corporate bond
(Note 3)
3nd general secured specified corporate bond (Note 3)
1st A general secured specified corporate bond (Note 3)
1st B general secured specified corporate bond (Note 3)
–
Jun. 21
2012
Mar. 8,
2013
Dec. 4,
2014
Mar. 6,
2015
Aug. 4,
2017 10,000 Nov. 30,
Collateral Maturity Remarks
Jun. 21,
None 2019 (*1) Mar. 6,
None 2020 (*1) Dec. 3,
None 2021 (*1)
Mar. 5,
None 2021 (*1) Aug. 2,
None 2024 (*1)
Nov. 30,
None 2027 (*1) Sep. 3,
None 2029 (*1)
Dec. 12,
None 2024 (*1)
Oct. 16, None 2020
Mar. 31,
Yes 2020 (*2)
Apr. 28,
Yes 2023 (*2)
Aug. 31,
Yes 2022 (*2)
Aug. 31,
Yes 2020 (*2)
Issue date
Balance at April 1, 2019
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
¥–
¥–
10,000
10,000 (10,000)
10,000 10,000 20,000 10,000
30,016 (30,016)
¥–
10,800 (864)
13,600 (300)
1,600 (1,600)
Balance at March 31, 2020 (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$–
$–
92,498
92,498 (92,498)
92,498
92,498 184,996 92,498
277,645 (277,645)
$–
99,898 (7,991)
125,797 (2,783)
14,799 (14,799)
Interest Rate(%)
0.817 0.599
0.390 0.337 0.250 0.365 0.270 0.110
–
0.179 (Note 4)
0.260 (Note 4)
0.269 (Note 4)
0.269 (Note 4)
   ¥10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000
 2017 Sep. 3, 2019 Dec. 12, 2019
Oct.16, 2015
Mar. 31, 2017
Mar. 31, 2020
Aug. 30, 2019
Aug. 30,
2019
– ¥104,106
due within five years from the balance sheet date are as follows:
Bonds payable
Less than 1 year
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Less than 1 year
Non-recourse bonds
Less than 1 year
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years
Upon the exercise of each of the subscription rights to shares, the Bonds attached with the subscription rights to shares shall be con-
tributed and the value for such Bonds shall be equal to the face value of the Bonds
3. Non-recourse bonds
4. At floating rates and the most recent rates
5. Aggregate annual maturities of bonds payable, convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares and non-recourse bonds
       ¥–
   ¥126,016 $1,165,629 (42,781) (395,718)
––
– –
   110 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 111
Notes: (*1) With limited inter-bond pari passu clause
(*2) Limited to qualified institutional investors
1. Bracketed figures are due within one year from the balance sheet date.
2. Items mentioned convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares were as follows:

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report
 20. Borrowings
The Board of Directors Shimizu Corporation
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Shimizu Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2020, and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at March 31, 2020, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in Japan, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Responsibilities of Management, the Corporate Auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and disclosing, as required by accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, matters related to going concern.
The Corporate Auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
Financial Section
  Item
Short-term borrowings Current portion of long-term
Balance at April 1, 2019
Millions of Yen
¥102,528
Millions of Yen
¥94,305
18,468
6,957
243
70,360
45,207
587 80,000
¥316,130
Balance at March 31, 2020
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$872,314
170,831
64,352
2,253
650,821
418,159
5,431 739,987
$2,924,152
Average
interest Repayment rate (%) term
0.56 – 0.85 – 1.34 –
– – 0.77 2021–2037 1.17 2021–2034
– 2021–2030
  borrowings 18,651 Current portion of
non-recourse borrowings Current portion of lease
7,432
obligations 230 Long-term borrowings
(Excluding current portion) Non-recourse borrowings
(Excluding current portion) Lease obligations
(Excluding current portion) Commercial papers
49,520 37,161
514 –
0.00
–
–
–
  Total ¥216,038
  Notes: 1. The “average interest rate” is the weighted average interest rate for the average balance of borrowings during the fiscal year.
2. The average interest rate on lease obligations is not presented because lease obligations carried on the consolidated balance
sheet represent the amount before deducting interest equivalents.
3. Aggregate annual repayment of long-term borrowings, non-recourse borrowings and lease obligations, excluding the current
 portion, due to be repaid within five years from the balance sheet date are as follows:
Long-term borrowings (Excluding current portion)
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Non-recourse borrowings (Excluding current portion)
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Lease obligations (Excluding current portion)
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Millions of Yen
¥14,920 12,626 10,237
8,393
Millions of Yen
¥6,546 6,137 5,738 5,269
Millions of Yen
¥188 141 88 67
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$138,010 116,792 94,694 77,640
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$60,558 56,768 53,078 48,746
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$1,744 1,310 816 619
       21. Asset Retirement Obligations
112 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 113
In accordance with Article 92, Paragraph 2 of “Regulation for Consolidated Financial Statements” the amount of asset retirement obligations as at April 1, 2019 and March 31, 2020 has not been presented because it represented less than 1% of total liabilities and net assets on the consolidated balance sheets.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
• Consider internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances for our risk assessments, while the purpose of the audit of the consolidated financial statements is not expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Corporate Auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Corporate Auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors with a statement that we have complied with the ethical requirements regarding independence that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Japan, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
Interest Required to Be Disclosed by the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan
Our firm and its designated engagement partners do not have any interest in the Group which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the provisions of the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan.
Convenience Translation
The U.S. dollar amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to the year ended March 31, 2020 are presented solely for convenience. Our audit also included the translation of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts and, in our opinion, such translation has been made on the basis described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC Tokyo, Japan
June 26, 2020
Yuji Suzuki
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Masato Nakagawa
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
    114 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 115

 Supplemental Information
Nonconsolidated Balance Sheet
Shimizu Corporation As at March 31, 2020
ASSETS Current Assets:
Cash ¥88,750
Financial Section
 2019
2020
2020
 2019
2020
2020
Notes receivable
Accounts receivable from completed construction contracts Marketable securities
Real estate for sale
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts
Costs on uncompleted real estate development projects Materials and supplies
Prepaid expenses
Other current assets
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Non-Current Assets:
Tangible fixed assets: Buildings
Structures
Machinery and equipment Vehicles
Tools, furniture and fixtures Land
Construction in progress
Total tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets: Leasehold
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Total intangible fixed assets
Investments and other assets:
Investment securities
Investments in subsidiaries and affiliates
Investments in other securities of subsidiaries and affiliates Investments in capital
Long-term loans
Long-term loans to subsidiaries and affiliates Claims in bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings Long-term prepaid expenses
Deferred tax assets
Other investments
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
45,845 556,329 79,100 3,981 72,949 3,324 107 93 89,352
(973)
938,861
70,053 1,466 2,766
464 3,986 130,193 33,475
242,406
1,515 3,683 554
5,753
354,447 37,294 6,920 250 15 3,892 17 636 – 9,120
(2,138)
410,454
658,614
¥1,597,475
Millions of Yen
¥269,962 22,555 481,275 1,000 0 73,805 5,885 178 152 96,148
(713)
950,249
118,973 4,369 3,679 422 4,783 152,820 23,199
308,248
1,501 3,788 1,278
6,567
281,690 41,987 3,850 393 12 3,299 16 609 72 9,506
(2,075)
339,362
654,179
¥1,604,429
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$2,497,109 208,631 4,451,719 9,249 0 682,690 54,440 1,646 1,410 889,358
(6,600)
8,789,656
1,100,485 40,420 34,038 3,904 44,245 1,413,561 214,594
2,851,251
13,889 35,038 11,824
60,752
2,605,593 388,377 35,611 3,640 114 30,515 157 5,640 669 87,931
(19,201)
3,139,051
6,051,055
$14,840,711
LIABILITIES Current Liabilities:
Notes payable
Accounts payable for construction contracts
Short-term borrowings
Commercial papers
Current portion of bonds payable
Current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares Lease obligations
Accounts payable—other
Accrued expenses
Income taxes payable
Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts
Deposits received
Warranty reserve
Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process Reserve for directors’ bonuses
Reserve for loss on anti-monopoly act
Asset retirement obligations
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities:
Bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares Long-term borrowings
Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for revaluation reserve for land
Reserve for employees’ retirement benefits
Asset retirement obligations
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
NET ASSETS Shareholders’ Equity:
Common stock, no par value
Authorized: 1,500,000 thousand shares
Issued: 788,514 thousand shares as at March 31, 2019 and 2020
Additional paid-in capital:
Capital reserve
Other additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal reserve Contingent Reserve Other retained earnings
Less: Treasury stock, at cost
24,319 thousand shares as at March 31, 2020 2,625 thousand shares as at March 31, 2019
Total shareholders’ equity
Valuation and Translation Adjustments:
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
Total valuation and translation adjustments Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
¥60,691 239,395 95,491 – 20,000 – 900 3,991 16,663 28,133 127,845 144,421 3,100 7,934 267 1,820 134 286
751,078
40,000 30,046 43,722
1,333 24,965 17,659 44,279
3 16,476
218,486
969,565
74,365
43,143 1
18,394 229,800 88,662
– (1,187)
453,180
148,823 41 25,864 174,729 627,910 ¥1,597,475
Millions of Yen
¥58,408 210,661 93,373 80,000 10,000 30,016 1,160 18,222 17,465 22,669 90,943 142,792 3,806 5,729 289 1,820 80 298
787,738
60,000 – 53,436 1,623 – 17,659 44,476 3 19,347
196,547
984,286
74,365
43,143 1
18,394 295,200 80,721
(21,191) –
490,635
103,811 (168)
25,864 129,507 620,143
¥1,604,429
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$540,270 1,948,583 863,688 739,987 92,498 277,645 10,738 168,554 161,554 209,688 841,213 1,320,810 35,208 52,996 2,673 16,834 746 2,757
7,286,452
554,990 – 494,282 15,020 – 163,345 411,399 34 178,962
1,818,035
9,104,487
687,867
399,070 13
170,149 2,730,552 746,664
(196,014) –
4,538,301
960,241 (1,561)
239,242 1,197,922 5,736,224
$14,840,711
                            Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥108.11 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2020.
Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥108.11 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2020.
  116 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 117

 Supplemental Information
Nonconsolidated Statement of Income
Shimizu Corporation
For the year ended March 31, 2020
Net Sales:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Cost of Sales:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Gross profit:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Operating income
Non-Operating Income (Expenses):
Interest and dividend income Interest expenses
Foreign exchange gain(loss) Other, net
Ordinary income Special Gains (Losses):
Gain on sales of fixed assets
Loss on sales of fixed assets
Loss on devaluation of investment securities
Loss on devaluation of shares of subsidiaries and affiliates Impairment loss on fixed assets
Income before income taxes Provision for Income Taxes:
Current
Deferred (3,882)
Financial Section
 2019
2020
2020
 2019
2020
2020
¥1,348,122 58,607
1,406,730
1,176,155 47,442
1,223,597
171,966 11,165
183,132 69,565
113,567
10,249 (1,866)
5 (212)
121,742
9,348 (78) (2) (548)
–
130,462
Millions of Yen
¥1,356,715 60,889
1,417,604
1,180,549 47,798
1,228,348
176,165 13,090
189,256 73,974
115,281
10,930 (1,508) (1,632)
(386)
122,686
7,538 (507) (792)
– (2,915)
126,009
43,407 (6,762)
36,644
¥89,365
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$12,549,394 563,219
13,112,613
10,919,891 442,132
11,362,023
1,629,503 121,086
1,750,589 684,252
1,066,337
101,108 (13,952) (15,096)
(3,571)
1,134,825
69,730 (4,693) (7,326)
– (26,964)
1,165,571
401,507 (62,553)
338,953
$826,617
Shimizu Corporation
For the year ended March 31, 2020
(1) Construction orders awarded and contracts
Construction business (orders) Architectural Construction Domestic Operations
Overseas Operations Subtotal
Civil Engineering Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Total construction business
Real estate development and other (contracts)
Total (2) Net sales
Construction business Architectural Construction
Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal Civil Engineering
Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Total construction business
Real estate development and other (contracts)
Total (3) Backlog
Construction business Architectural Construction
Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Civil Engineering Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Total construction business Real estate development and other
Total
¥1,307,180 34,891 1,342,071
246,677 39,462 286,140 1,628,211 97,245 ¥1,725,456
¥1,006,349 41,614 1,047,964
286,218 13,939 300,157 1,348,122 58,607 ¥1,406,730
¥1,477,726 103,803
1,581,530
428,428 50,595
479,023
2,060,553 77,918
¥2,138,472
Millions of Yen
¥854,645 53,154 907,799
187,548 99,433 286,981 1,194,781 79,622 ¥1,274,404
Millions of Yen
¥1,022,470 50,993
1,073,463
262,310 20,941
283,251
1,356,715 60,889
¥1,417,604
Millions of Yen
¥1,309,901 105,965
1,415,866
353,666 129,087
482,753
1,898,620 96,651
¥1,995,272
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$7,905,329 491,673 8,397,002
1,734,792 919,742 2,654,534 11,051,537 736,494 $11,788,031
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$9,457,683 471,680
9,929,363
2,426,326 193,705
2,620,031
12,549,394 563,219
$13,112,613
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$12,116,376 980,160
13,096,537
3,271,356 1,194,038
4,465,395
17,561,933 894,011
$18,455,944
Orders, Sales and Backlog (Nonconsolidated)
                             2019
2020
2020
                    2019
2020
2020
    41,611
    Net Income
37,728
¥92,733
 Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥108.11 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2020.
  118 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 119
Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥108.11 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2020.

      This document is printed on FSC® accredited paper using 100% Printed on paper made with wood from forest thinning vegetable oil based “Vegetable oil ink” and waterless printing methods “Morino Chonai-Kai” (Forest Neighborhood Association)
—supporting sound forest management. Printed in Japan 2101010 TOP
