Strengthening the Supply Chain and Group Management
Shimizu will strengthen and expand the supply chain to support a reliable production structure and achieve flexible and agile Group management that will enable development of diverse businesses.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Strengthen construction supply chain
• Enter into new alliances
• Agile group management for new business and global expansion
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 Team working at the Shin Tomei Expressway Kawanishi construction zone (Ashigarakami District, Kanagawa Prefecture)
Overview of Activities
Shimizu strengthened alliances with subcontractors, secured a reliable production structure through nationwide alliances, and developed and utilized multi-skilled construction workers who can perform many types of work to respond to a busy period for large construction projects, including facilities related to the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games. This has strengthened the current production structure and supply chain. To secure the workers who will perform construction amid a future shortage of skilled construction workers, we are also working with Kanekikai, an organization of Shimizu’s suppliers and subcontrac- tors, and other business partners to support hiring.
In Group Management, we are working to strengthen and improve our response capabilities by engaging in human resources exchanges among groups to increase sharing of expertise and technology.
Future Initiatives
  48 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
To strengthen our ability to respond to the numerous large-scale projects anticipated in various locations nationwide, we will work to strengthen the supply chain even more to ensure a reliable production structure and stronger cost competitiveness. We will steadily expand our network connections nationwide and also expand alliances with companies in Japan and overseas that possess the technologies and production structures which will enhance competitiveness.
Shimizu opened a new training center for skilled workers in fiscal 2020 to secure and train skilled workers for the future. In addition to working cooperatively with subcontractors to provide skills development training, it will also develop and test assistive tools to reduce the work- load at job sites and provide cross-training to develop multiple skills, among other types of training, to establish a new production structure.TOPICSCSR Procurement
We established the Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy in 2018, in keeping with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. To ensure fair and transpar- ent business activities, we ask all suppliers and subcontractors in our supply chain to comply with laws, regulations, and social standards, including those related to human rights and labor, in addition to our Basic Procurement Policy and Things We Request of Our Suppliers. Shimizu also holds compliance training for our subcontractors and suppliers. In fiscal 2019, we held 19 compliance training sessions, which were attended by 1,374 people from 1,322 companies.
Securing Future Workers and Improving Benefits
Despite the currently anticipated high demand in the construction industry, the trend toward an increase in the number of elderly persons and a decline in the number of young people is progressing and securing human resources is becoming an urgent issue. Shimizu is pursuing various initiatives to secure the workers to perform construction in the future.
To improve the working environment of skilled workers, we are supplementing wages if designated conditions for job site closure are met in an effort to establish a five-day work week and reduce the amount of overtime work. This will make the construction industry more attractive and help to retain workers. We are also encouraging enrollment in social insurance, and are actively moving forward on rolling out a system of career advancement in construction.
To support hiring, we implemented new job site tours for guardians in addition to the hands-on experiential tours for technical high school students to give their guardians a better understanding of the construction industry. We are developing skilled workers who have the skills to perform many types of construction work by cross-training them and this has contrib- uted to ensuring a reliable production structure.
Shimizu will recommend cross-training in multi- ple skills to subcontractors and support them in providing it this fiscal year as well. We are also working to improve benefits with a system of benefit pay for outstanding skilled workers, and are lengthening the pay period and increasing the
wage amount for outstanding foremen who have Experience in assembling formwork frames in a hands-on
“Basic Procurement Policy” “Things We Request of Our Suppliers” https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/procurement/
     received the Shimizu President’s Award.
experiential tour for technical high school students
S & BLC Technical Training Center for Hands-on Training in Group Management Fully Operational
Shimizu Building Life Care Co., Ltd. operates a building maintenance, management, and renova- tion business. To develop high-quality specialists in building management for the company, the new S & BLC Technical Training Center was built in Koto-ku, Tokyo. This is an experiential training center based on using building emergency equipment, plumbing sanitation equipment, and other actual equipment to provide hands-on training in seeing, touching, dismantling, assembling, and moving such equipment. The center began full operations in January 2020. The roughly 1,350 m2 floor space contains six hands-on technical training rooms for emergencies; plumbing sanita- tion; air conditioning and electricity; doors, windows, and screens; renovation; and a safety train- ing station; as well as two classrooms for desk learning and one office. Trainees can gain actual experience in the essential aspects of practical building management, such as checking and management of emergency response, plumbing sanitation, and air conditioning and electrical systems, handling of the special hardware for fire
   shutters, etc., maintenance and cleaning of exterior walls and floors, safety management during work, and other essential tasks. In the future, the training center will establish about 100 training courses for 400 classes and will train around 4,000 employ- ees a year to develop human resources and move them from “knowing something” to “being able to do it themselves.”
Hands-on training classrooms for emergencies
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 49