 a Resilient society
Where everyone can feel safe and secure
With the heightened risk of natural disasters such as earth- quakes, super-typhoons and torrential rain, there is an ever-increasing need to protect lives and businesses. We will contribute to the development of safe, secure, and resilient communities by building resilient buildings and infrastructure.
Building and Infrastructure Construction that Protects Lives and Businesses from Disasters
As a member of the construction industry, we view construction, mainte- nance, and management of facilities and infrastructure that are resilient to disasters, and renovation to make them safer and more secure as the mission of Shimizu. From the perspective of SDGs, we contribute mainly to SDG 9, Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure, and SDG 11, Sustainable Cities and Communities. A representative example of infrastructure that is resilient to disasters is dam construction. The Yamba Dam (Gunma Prefecture) that was completed in March 2020 is a concrete gravity dam that is 116 m high. This dam provides flood control for and maintains normal function of the Tonegawa River. It was built mainly to supply water for urban use and to generate electricity. Shimizu also contributes by renovating existing dams to enable them to be used effectively. We built a tunnel spillway in the Kanogawa Dam in Ehime Prefecture to increase flood control capacity. This was the first time this was attempted in redevelopment construction in Japan.
Tunnel spillway (on left in photo) built in the Kanogawa Dam (Ozu City, Ehime Prefecture)      24 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 25
Social Trends, Issues, and Needs
• Increasing intensity and frequency of natural disasters • Urban/regional polarization • Aging social infrastructure • Preserving cultural and natural heritage sites • Demand for extending the lifespan of facilities
 Value that Shimizu Creates with Customers
• Building strong and resilient infrastructure • Extending the life of the built-environment • Disaster prevention & mitigation technology
• Disseminate ecoBCP
Video introducing the Yamba Dam construction project
(Japanese only) https://www.shimz.co.jp/company/about/pr/
Yamba Dam, a 116-m-high concrete gravity dam (Agatsuma-gun, Gunma Prefecture)