 Talent Development and Working Style Reform
TOPICS
  Shimizu will secure and develop the talent who will operate the business in the next generation and create a workplace environment that establishes diverse, flexible working styles and provides job satisfaction.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu mascots Act (on left) and Will (on right) to cheer on working style reform
New HR Innovation Department Established
Finding and developing more talent to assume operation of the busi- ness in the future is an important management issue for achieving sustained growth of the Shimizu Group.
The HR Innovation Department was established on April 1, 2020 as a new organization that reports directly to the president. It
Continual Improvement of Job Satisfaction
We have held Working Style Reform Week to encourage every employee to take the initiative to reform working styles. We have also conducted the Shimizu Japan Employee Survey to quantita- tively visualize job satisfaction every year since 2018.
Multiple good examples of reforms that changed conventional practices at job sites received working style reform awards during Working Style Reform Week and were rolled out within the Company.
COLUMN
Reforming conventional practices and creating a job site office where people feel at home
Shinichi Matsumoto, Construction Manager, Building Construction Dept. III, Tokyo Branch
Many employees work in job site offices. The reason for the initiative to make this office a little home-like because employees spend the majority of their time in the office. This office is in a tenant building, but we designed it with temporary prefabs so that it can be applied to other job sites.
The office design is simple. There are no ready-made fancy tables and sofas. Desks and shelving are made of recycled materials by combining temporary construction mate- rials and laminated wooden boards used at job sites. We have created an office that has caused everyone who visited it to compliment the inviting atmosphere.
Shimizu’s “monozukuri craftmanship” is born from friendly job sites and employees with numerous ideas and a spirit of challenge.
  Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Implement a global talent strategy • Improve employee satisfaction
• Roll out inclusive talent systems
Overview of Activities
Shimizu is pursuing working style reforms and building a system of inclusive talent management that will enable all employees to fully demonstrate their abilities without respect to gender, age, nationality, or other attributes while also working continuously to hire and develop the talent who will perform our work in the future.
The mindset and behavior of every employee has steadily changed due to the implementation of company-wide events since 2018. Such events include Working Style Reform Week, the Diversity Forum, and the Challenge Forum.
Shimizu also established a new Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy in 2018 and is working to establish a corporate culture that respects human rights while pursuing initiatives in due diligence on human rights.
See the corporate website for further details. Promoting Diversity https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/diversity/
is responsible for formulating a strategy for facilitating development of leaders who will be effective globally and will take the initiative on innovation. The department is also in charge of systematic planning and promotion of talent development measures, including establish- ment of a human resource management system.
The response rate and job satisfaction KPIs* for the fiscal 2019 Shimizu Japan Employee Survey both improved.
  Job satisfaction KPI
Work satisfaction
Workplace relationships of trust Mental and physical health
Fiscal 2018
3.76 3.63 3.77
Fiscal 2019
3.80 3.67 3.80
Goal
All KPIs at 4.0 or higher up to 2023
               Construction Manager Matsumoto, who received
the Good Challenge award in the 2019 Working Style Reform awards
   Future Initiatives
technical trainees and other foreign workers who work at our job sites. We surveyed 10 subcontractors that Shimizu does business with and interviewed the business owners, confirmed documen- tation, interviewed foreign workers in their native languages, and confirmed living conditions and other conditions. The results of the survey revealed no significant human rights risks. However, some points in need of improvement were found and we will set up a ded- icated website and provide training to subcontractors, and imple- ment other initiatives to mitigate and prevent human rights risks.
We aim to establish an environment that supports diversity in human resources while also enabling everyone to feel secure and actively con- tribute for many years, as the human lifespan approaches 100 years and globalization advances further.
Shimizu will implement initiatives that promote employee mental and physical health and promote health management by energizing the workplace as the foundation for that environment.
We will also build a framework that pushes each employee to exer- cise self-initiative and take on the challenges of new work or higher level fields to further improve job satisfaction.
Rolling out the Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy
Shimizu pursues initiatives to ensure respect for human rights and enacted the Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy to serve as a guide in fulfilling that responsibility to realize our mission of being “a company that values people,” stated in our Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct.
We perform due diligence focused on the human rights of skilled workers at construction job sites as part of that mission.
In fiscal 2019, we worked with a third-party institution to conduct a fact-finding survey of the human rights risks to foreign
COLUMN
Prayer Room Established
Shimizu established the Diversity Promotion Office in 2009 to implement measures to support the active engagement of women, employees who are foreign nationals, and employees with disabilities. We established a prayer room in the head office in November 2019 as one of the Diversity Promotion Office efforts.
An informational poster using pictograms is posted at the entrance. While we anticipate that it will be mainly be used by Muslims, it is not lim- ited to a specific religion and may also be used for praying, meditation, etc.
       46 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 47