Health and Safety
Shimizu stands on the principle of respect for human life and human beings and places the highest priority on safeguarding the lives and health of our employees in all corporate activities. Our basic policy on health and safety management is to establish a corporate culture that is grounded in safety and maintain a safe, com- fortable work environment, as we maintain the goal of zero accidents resulting in serious injury or death and zero accidents involving the public.
Measures for Achieving Our Goal
1. Perform risk assessments to promote preventive safety and continually strive to reduce occupational accidents.
2. Conduct business activities in a manner that achieves both safety and production, based on safety as the
highest priority.
3. Encourage independent safety management by subcontractors and efforts to prevent accidents.
4. Improve initial education on projects and eliminate accidents involving new workers.
5. Educate employees, equip them with the knowledge and power to act, and develop them as promoters of
disaster prevention.
6. Provide comprehensive education on preventing health hazards to eliminate exposure to dust and other
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 materials that are harmful to health.
Fiscal 2019 Health & Safety Results
The LTI (lost time injury) frequency rate*1 in fiscal 2019 was 0.64, on par with fiscal 2018.
Analysis of Accidents in Fiscal 2019 and Future Measures
An analysis of accidents in fiscal 2019 revealed that the largest number of ac- cidents by type involved high falls, being pinned, and slips and trips, followed by low falls. Accidents resulting in four or more days off work decreased, while high falls, which is designated in key measures, increased in both number and percentage of total accidents.
In fiscal 2020, we established the major premise of ensuring safe work- places to eliminate falls from high places. We provided safety belt testing equip- ment and practical training on safety belt use to ensure appropriate use of safety belts and took steps to raise awareness through vocal “praise and advise” activ- ities. In addition to these measures, we will also operate a strict penalty system and take various other steps to prevent accidents.
Trend in LTI (lost time injury) Frequency Rate
2.0
1.5
 Shimizu Construction industry
All industries 1.63 1.66
1.09
0.64 0.64
1.83
1.80
1.69
 1.61
0.92
 1.0 0.81
  0.5 0.59
0.53 0.47 2016 2017
0.64
2018 2019 (FY)
 0.0
2015
 Breakdown by Type of Accident*1 LTI (lost time injury) frequency rate: The number of deaths and injuries per million cumulative man-hours.
2018
(61 accidents)
118865 23
  Figures for all industries and for the construction industry represent accidents resulting in one or more lost workdays, calculated on a calendar-year basis. Figures for Shimizu represent accidents resulting in four or more lost workdays, calculated on a fiscal-year basis.
20197111151114 (59 accidents)
*2 *3
Low falls*2 High falls*3 Being pinned Flying & Slips & trips Other falling objects
Low falls: Accidents involving falls from a height of less than 2 m High falls: Accidents involving falls from a height of 2 m or higherTOPICSShimizu Group Health Management Declaration
The Shimizu Group will provide an environment in which employees can be healthy and work ener- getically, and that will help improve the job satisfaction and happiness of all employees.
The Shimizu Group aims to be a company that advances each employee by ensuring that each employee can be healthy, work energetically, and demonstrate the skills they possess. To accomplish these thing, we have established a company-wide structure for improving employee health and promoting improvements in the workplace environment, and continue to take the necessary steps. A committee dedicated to this has been es- tablished with the president as the committee chair, and this committee is promoting the following measures.
Concrete Measures
Determine policy and measures
Follow-up, provide support, and verify effectiveness
Prevent mental & physical illness and build health
Improve health measures and the working environment
     ● Consistently perform various kinds of exams and stress checks ● Provide health guidance and promote health education for people at risk of lifestyle diseases ● Promote anti-smoking measures ● Reduce long working hours ● Provide support for working while undergoing medical treatment, etc.
Health management promotion cycle
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 55