Contributing to the Global Environment
We create value for customers and contribute to sustainable community development by engaging in business activities that have a low impact on the environment and that create and restore the environment.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
•Steady promotion of the mid and long-term CO2 reduction target “Ecology Mission 2030–2050”
• Conservation and indexing of biodiversity within our businesses
• Efforts for waste reduction and effective use of limited global resources
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 Urban Biotope, Saisei-no-Mori, in the Institute of Technology (Koto-ku, Tokyo)
Aiming to be a company that Helps to build sustainable communities
The Shimizu Global Environmental Charter established in 1991 embraces the basic principle of contributing to building a sustainable society by working to preserve the global environment and to create a better envi- ronment as a corporate citizen and as a member of the construction industry. We are pursuing environmental management through the four approaches of environmental protection, environmental business, envi- ronmental risk management, and environmental and social contributions.
Shimizu revised its Basic Environmental Policy in May 2019. The policy now applies to the entire Shimizu Group and establishes goals for contributing to the achievement of SDGs, preventing global warming, resource conservation and reuse, and preserving biodiversity. The policy contains measures to achieve each of those goals.
Nationwide expansion of renewable energy for elec- tricity used in construction through Renewable Energy Certificates (Tradeable Green Certificates)
Shimizu procured 20 GWh of power through renewable energy certif- icates (REC) for power generated from biomass. We have used green power for all electricity used in construction at sites designated by each branch nationwide since April 2020. Our goal is to procure around 8% of total annual electricity used at job sites in Japan.
We are expanding the sites covered by this in stages, every year, and are working to achieve the goal of a 10% reduction in CO2 in fiscal 2023, compared to the fiscal 2017 level. This is a KPI specified in the Mid-Term Management Plan.
CDP rating improved to A-
The CDP*3 Japan reporting conference was held on January 2020 and Shimizu’s rating improved from B in 2019 to A-. We are targeting a CDP rating of A in 2020 and beyond, and are disclosing information related to climate change based on the TCFD declaration in addition to reducing CO2 emissions from our business.
*3 CDP: A global NGO working on climate change. CDP publishes a report on responses to a climate change survey provided by over 7,000 companies worldwide to institutional investors.
    In fiscal 2019, we endorsed the domestic and overseas environmental initiatives listed at right.
· September 2019 Commitment to SBT*1, one of which is a target for reducing CO2 emission levels
· October 2019 TCFD*2 Recommendations ·February2020 DeclarationofBiodiversitybyKeidanren
   · March 2020
Keidanren Challenge Zero Declaration
  *1 SBT: Science Based Targets
Target for reduction in greenhouse gas emissions (CO2) based on scientific knowledge to keep the rise in average global temperature below 2 ̊C (1.5 ̊C).
*2 TCFD: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
Environmental Management
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/environment/manage/
50 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020TOPICSPlan to use biodiesel fuel (BDF) derived from Euglena
Construction produces a large volume of CO2 emissions at job sites. The majority of those emissions are generated by the use of diesel fuel in heavy machinery and other equipment.
Shimizu procured next-generation BDF derived from Euglena from euglena Co., Ltd. and began trial operation of a commuter bus that runs between the head office and the Institute of Technology in 2020.
In the future, we are planning to use next-generation BDF in crawler cranes and other heavy machinery at our main job sites in the Greater Tokyo Area.
The GREEN OIL JAPAN declaration by euglena Co., Ltd. and others targets making Japan a global leader in biofuels. It has been endorsed by 28 local governments. companies, and organizations as of August 2020.
  Going carbon free: To prevent global warming
Shimizu is pursuing activities contained in Ecology Mission 2030–2050 medium and long-term goals for reduction in CO2 emissions. These
 goals are aimed at achieving SDG 13, Climate Action.
Medium and Long-term Goals:
0%
-40%
-50% -60%
-80%
-100%
1990
Results:
Initiatives in CO2 reduction during construction
FY2019 emissions results vs. FY1990 220,000tons-CO2 58% reduction
Initiatives in reducing CO2 in company offices
FY2020 goal vs. FY1990 58 % reduction
FY2020 goal vs. FY1990
   CO2 reduction during building operation due to energy-saving design
-47%
CO2 reduction in Shimizu offices The bullet point
indicate the offset from CO2 credits acquired by the company
C
O2 reduction during
-49%
construction
-58%
-56%
-60%
-60%
-80%
-80%
-80%
2019 2030
2050 (FY)
8,800
50
Job site emissions during construction CO2 (vs. FY1990) ◦ 60% reduction in FY2030
◦ 80% reduction in FY2050
CO2 emissions during operation of buildings designed and constructed by Shimizu (vs. FY1990) ◦ 60% reduction in FY2030
◦ 80% reduction in FY2050
Green Bond Issuance
FY2019 emissions results
45,000
vs. FY1990
47
Green Bond
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/ environment/greenbond/
vs. FY1990
49
Contribution to reducing CO2 emissions by customers
Initiatives in CO2 reduction during building operation in buildings designed by Shimizu
FY2019 emissions results
tons-CO2
% reduction
% reduction
tons-CO2
% reduction
48
% reduction
FY2020 goal vs. FY1990
 Shimizu issued its first green bond in October 2019.
We are using the proceeds to fund construction of YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, a project
involving construction of an energy-saving, environmentally friendly office building in the city of Yokohama as a project that will contribute to realizing a sustainable, earth-friendly society, which is a goal of our long-term vision. The project will take five years and have a total cost of 10 billion yen.
We will continue to consider issuing green bonds, depending on green bond market trends and project timing.
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 51ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
  TOPICS
 Climate-related Financial Disclosures Based on The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendation
Main Shimizu Group Climate-related Risks and Opportunities
    Endorsed the TCFD recommendations
According to a report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) the average global temperature has risen by about 1 ̊C compared to before the industrial revolution, and is expected to rise higher as global warming progresses. Natural disasters caused by climate change may increase, and there are concerns about the financial impact on companies as well as the impact on society.
To address these issues, TCFD which was established by Financial Stability Board (FSB), released its Final Report in June 2017, which contains recommendations on the disclosure of information to stake- holders concerning the risks and opportunities from climate change for companies in four thematic areas: Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets.
Shimizu recognizes the impacts from climate change on our businesses as an important management issue, and has determined
Governance
In SHIMZ VISION 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan (2019- 2023), Shimizu and its group companies (hereafter, the “Shimizu Group”) have positioned environmental issues, including climate change, as one issue that will have a material impact on manage- ment and we have appointed an officer in charge of the environment. We have also established the SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee (chaired by the President) to deliberate on basic policies and mea- sures concerning environmental issues. This committee consists of the officers in charge of various areas such as the officer in charge of Safety Administration and Environment, the officer in charge of SDGs and ESG, and the officers in charge of Building Construction, Engineering Business, and LCV Businesses and Frontier Business. The committee deliberates on the results of specification and eval- uation of climate-related risks and opportunities and also manages progress on achieving the greenhouse gas (CO2) emission targets in Ecological Mission 2030-2050. The results of these deliberations are reported to the Board of Directors.
Important decisions on environmental issues in the Shimizu Group are communicated to business divisions (including branches) and Group companies through Environmental Management Supervisors
Strategy
Climate-related risks and opportunities that impact Shimizu Group businesses include those concerning strengthening the policies and regulations needed to build a zero-carbon society and market changes and other transitions. It can also include acute and chronic physical changes due to global warming.
Shimizu launched the company-wide, cross-organizational TCFD Working Group to extract and categorize the risks and oppor- tunities presented by these transitions and physical changes as impacts on each level: procurement, direct operations, and product demand. The Working Group analyzed the impact and the response of the Shimizu Group. While the quantitative impact has not been calculated, the relative impact on business activities was predicted and expressed as three levels: Large, Medium, and Small.
As the first stage in disclosure of information based on the TCFD recommendations, the Working Group analyzed the Construction Business and Real Estate Development Business, which is one of the non-construction businesses.
that the disclosure of related information is essential from the perspec- tive of ESG management. We endorsed the TCFD recommendations and joined the TCFD Consortium in October 2019, and recently dis- closed climate-related information in line with the recommendations.
TCFD Recommendations: Thematic Areas of Climate-related Information Disclosure
Risks
Opportunities
Risks
Opportunities
Introduction of a carbon tax
◦ A carbon tax would be changed on CO2 emissions from business activities, increasing the cost.
◦ Increase in the prices of main materials would increase costs.
Small
◦ Organize a BSP business division that specializes in facility management services.
◦ Strengthen renovation sales.
◦ Develop human resources for building management (establish technical training
centers in Group companies).
◦ Provide high environmental performance in terms of cost performance.
◦ Pursue Ecological Mission 2030-2050 and reduce CO2 emissions.
◦ Promote the proliferation of wood construction and wooden structures (wood
materials are carbon neutral and presumably would not incur a carbon tax).
◦ Promote ZEB design and construction.
◦ Work to increase the value of existing facilities based on Shimizu’s record in
sustainability and renovation*2.
◦ Pursue investment and development business based on Shimizu’s record in ZEB
construction and roll out a Shimizu brand.
◦ Pursue renewable energy businesses such as solar power, wind power, biomass, geothermal power, small hydroelectric power generation.
◦ Begin construction of a SEP ship for constructing large offshore wind farms. ◦ Develop and commercialize a hydrogen energy usage system.
◦ Pursue improvement in job site workforce reduction and productivity through the use of robots, ICT, AI, and other technologies.
◦ Improve the work environment through workstyle reform and measures to prevent heatstroke, etc.
◦ Use the Monozukuri Training Center to develop skilled workers.
◦ Strengthen alliances with suppliers, mainly with Group companies and subcontractors.
◦ Consider disaster response measures including third parties in the provisional design plans during construction.
◦ New building regulations on high environmental burden are introduced and new building demand declines. However, demand for renovation will also increase and this will require an organizational structure to respond to that.
◦ In the investment and development business, the installation of energy-saving equipment, etc. will increase property construction and operation costs.
    Expansion of need for energy-saving buildings
 ◦ Will increase demand for new ZEB projects and energy-serving renovation projects.
◦ In the investment and development business, will increase the value of properties equipped for ZEB, BEMS,*1 etc.
  Large
 Expansion of need for renewable energy
  ◦ Will expand renewable energy-related business.
◦ Demand for renewable energy facilities will increase.
   Large
  Governance
Strategy
Risk Management
Metrics and Targets
Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
Disclose the processes used by the organization to identify, assess, and manage climate-related risks.
Disclose the metrics and targets used assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities.
              Source: “Practical guide for Scenario Analysis in line with the TCFD recommendations,” 2nd edition, Climate Change Policy Division, Ministry of the Environment, Government of Japan, March 2019
Committee and Group Company Environmental Council. They are also shared with subcontractors and Shimizu is also building an environmen- tal governance structure that includes its main suppliers.
Shimizu Group Governance Structure for Environmental Issues
Main supervisory divisions in the environmental area
◦ Formulate disaster plans that include measures to prevent flooding before designing and constructing infrastructure-related facilities.
  Physical Scenario
Rise in average summer temperature
◦ The problem with a shortage of skilled workers will worsen due to the deterioration in the outdoor work environment.
◦ Heatstroke and other damage to health will increase, mainly in outdoor workers.
  ◦ Damage suffered by suppliers will make it difficult to procure materials and labor.
◦ Job site operation will become difficult and the risk of causing harm to third parties will increase.
◦ In the investment and development business, the risk of business reparations and reputational risk will increase if the lifeline of owned properties is damaged.
Large
    Increasing frequency and intensity of meteorological disasters
Medium
   Policies that strengthen national resilience
◦Construction and maintenance of infrastructure for flooding and violent rainstorms and construction to renovate buildings will increase.
◦ Pursue ecoBCP*5 for new and existing buildings.
◦ Pursue activities aimed at obtaining orders in the infrastructure maintenance
Large
business.
◦ Implement proposals for BCP preparedness (design proposals using hazard maps, etc.)
◦ Pursue development of GREEN FLOAT environmental islands.
◦ Pursue business in managing public infrastructure and facilities based on Shimizu’s record in the PFI business.
       Board of Directors
Oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities
SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee
Chair: President
Committee members:
Officer in charge of Safety Administration and Environment, officer in charge of SDGs and ESG, officers in charge of Building Construction, Engineering Business, and LCV Businesses and Emerging Frontiers, et al.
● Deliberation and decisions on basic policies and measures concerning
environmental issues, including climate change
● Formulation and roll-out of plans for company-wide measures relating
to SDGs and ESG
● Formulation and roll-out of plans for effective communication of
information on SDGs and ESG
Meeting frequency: Approx. six times a year
Market changes caused by climate change
◦ The impact from natural disasters and the rise in sea levels will increase the need to relocate facilities.
◦ The market for new construction and renovation
will expand to prepare for the increasing intensity of natural disasters.
Medium
        Acceleration of privatization of public services such as infrastructure maintenance and management
◦ The market for infrastructure maintenance and management will be opened to private companies because the government is under pressure to recover from natural disasters and this will create new business opportunities.
Medium
    *1 BEMS: An abbreviation of Building Energy Management System. Refers to a system for managing building energy.
*2 Sustainability renovation: Refers to the renovation of existing buildings mainly to improve environmental performance, BCP performance, and health and comfort.
 Environmental Management Supervisors Committee
Business divisions (including branches) Subcontractors
Group Company Environmental Committee
Group companies
Risk Management
Trends in responses to climate change in Japan and the world are reported in SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee meetings and the committee discusses climate-related risk management for the company.
In fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, this committee exam- ined aspects of external environmental changes that will impact the Shimizu Group and revised the Environmental Management Policy which specifies the company’s basic stance on environmental man- agement and provides guidelines for action. The Shimizu Group is aiming to minimize climate change related risks and business risks related to the environment and maximize opportunities based on this
Metrics and Targets
To evaluate and manage the impact of climate-related issues on management, the Shimizu Group has specified total volume of greenhouse gas (CO2) emissions as an indicator (KPI) and has set targets for reduction based on SBT (certification acquired from the SBT Initiative in September 2019).
*1 Scope 1: Emissions from use of heavy equipment and machinery (direct emissions)
*2 Scope 2: Emissions from electric power and heat purchased and used (indirect emissions
from electric power companies, etc.)
*3 Scope 3: Other indirect emissions from the supply chain
*4 Category 11: (From use of products sold) Volume of CO2 emissions from operation of
buildings that Shimizu designed and built
*5 The medium and long-term targets for Scope 1 + Scope 2 have been certified by the
SBT Initiatives as WB2D (Targets that are low enough to control the rise in temperature to under 2 ̊C).
policy. The committee has also established targets for the reduc- tion in greenhouse gas (CO2) emissions as one means of managing the risk of global warming. It has decided on specific measures to achieve the targets (in the construction business, shift from fuel oil to electric power as the form of energy used at construction sites, expand the use of electric power from renewable energy sources, etc.), and is regularly monitoring emissions volume.
The Shimizu Group will address the increasingly diverse and widespread climate change-related risks through the management of these risks.
Greenhouse Gas (CO2) Reduction Targets
Factor
Impact on Business
Degree of Impact
Shimizu’s Response
     Transition Scenario
Strengthening of various regulations aimed at achieving a carbon-free society
Medium
          Main suppliers
 The following representative scenarios were also used to examine the risks and opportunities in transitions and physical changes.
∙ Transition Scenario: One of the International Energy Agency (IEA)
scenarios in which the rise in temperature at the end of this century
is 1.5 ̊C or lower, compared to before the industrial revolution (SDS)
∙ Physical Scenario: One of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) scenarios in which the rise in temperature by the end of this century exceeds 4 ̊C, compared to before the industrial revolution (RCP 8.5) As factors that would cause a large impact, the working group selected the three factors of “expansion in the need for energy-efficient buildings,” “expansion in the need for renewable energy,” and “policies that improve national resilience” as opportunities, and the single factor of “rise in summer average temperature” as a risk. Shimizu’s response to these factors was verified. The SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee confirmed that the responses were consistent with the business strat- egy in SHIMZ VISION 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-
2023), and the results were reported to the Board of Directors.
Scope 1*1 +Scope 2*2
*3 Scope 3
(Category 11*4)
2017
Medium term: 2030 -33%*5 Short term: 2023 — Long term: 2050 -43%
      Scope
Base Year
Target Year
Target
     Short term: 2023
-10%
   Long term: 2050
  -63%*5
   Medium term: 2030
  -20%
   52 Shimizu Corporate Report 2020
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 53
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

TOPICSBiodiversity: Pursuit of Green Infrastructure
The construction industry has a huge impact on the global environment and living creatures. In recent years, green infrastructure initiatives that utilize many functions of the natural environ- ment (ecosystems, scenery, controlling temperature increase, etc.) have drawn interest as an effective means of social capital development, safe and secure sustainable national land use, and local community development.
Shimizu also uses green infrastructure concepts in community development and building social infrastructure. To achieve this, we utilize the local potential and ecological landscap- ing techniques to preserve and create an
environment that is only possible in that area.
Awareness of these green infrastructure con-
cepts is shared company-wide, and we will
contribute to the realization of sustainable com-
munities in which people and living creatures
can thrive and co-exist by strengthening initia-
tives that extend beyond one area and develop-
ing closer alliances with external organizations.
Green infrastructure + (PLUS) (Japanese only)
https://www.shimz.co.jp/greeninfraplus/
     Water: Hydrologic Cycle and Ecosystem Restoration —Rain Garden—
Water is one of the foundations that support the co-existence of humans and living crea- tures. However, rapid increases in rainfall that overwhelms sewer systems in urban areas has occurred in Japan and overseas in recent years due to climate change. This has caused increasingly serious flood damage in urban areas, ocean pollution, and other problems.
Shimizu is pursuing research and development of rain gardens amid these conditions. Rain gardens are a greening technology that is useful in controlling rainwater run-off on building premises. Rain gardens are temporary reservoirs that collect rain that falls on roofs and roads, and are green areas shaped like a sunken basin that allows water to soak into the ground. They offer many advantages in addition to mitigating urban flooding damage, such as improving biodi- versity and scenery, and are becoming popular in European and U.S. cities as one type of green infrastructure. Shimizu also proposes these, mainly to customers who are highly environmentally aware, and we use them in developing sustainable premises and communities that contribute to restoring the hydrologic cycle and ecosystem.
Resources and Pollution: Resources, Energy, and Material Flow
The final disposal and recycling material flow of energy, water, and resources used and construction waste generated during construction activities in fiscal 2019 is shown below. The entire company is working as one team to reduce and recycle by-products.
Rain garden in the TERIHA SEKISUI HOUSE ARENA in Fukuoka City
Kinkai habitat (Photo taken in 2016, Setouchi City, Okayama Prefecture)
   Construction by-product final disposal rate
 FY2019 Resources, Energy, and Material Flow
%
Construction by-product generated per square
INPUT
Office activities
Green procurement
Main construction materials
Construction activities
OUTPUT
meter (FY2019 results) 16.3
Environmental Performance Data
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ csr/environment/data/index.html#material