Investment and Development Business
(Real Estate Development Business)
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu will optimize the business portfolio for fur- ther growth while expanding businesses and regions in the real estate development business, the core of our non-construction businesses. We will utilize the technologies of the Shimizu Group to develop com- fortable, efficient communities. We will also expand our asset management business to expand the build- ing stock business for the entire Shimizu group.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Create new value through all facets of urban development • Optimize overseas portfolio
Business Topics
Giving Tokyo a New Face
Commencement of Construction on Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 in Toyosu 6-chome https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/stock/item06/
Toyosu MiCHi no Eki urban “road station” (completed perspective, in Koto-ku, Tokyo) A complex development project located next to Shijo-mae Station in Toyosu and consisting of the largest office and hotel complex built by Shimizu, for a total investment of around 60 billion yen.
Overview of Activities
The Shimizu Group has used its integrated strengths and advanced technical capabilities to handle everything from development to the operation of office buildings, logistics facilities, hotels, residential hous- ing, and other facilities in Japan and overseas.
In fiscal 2019, in Japan, we completed construction and entered the operating phase on a series of large projects like YOKOHAMA GRANGATE and Building W of S.LOGi Niiza. We are also continuing to pursue large proj- ects such as Toyosu 6-chome and further expanding the scale of investment.
Overseas, we acquired an office in New York, in the U.S., and entered the North American real estate business. This follows the development of office buildings, data centers, residential housing, and other projects in ASEAN countries.
Future Initiatives
The Toyosu 6-chome, Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 project is located in the Toyosu Smart City area selected by the Japanese Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT), and we are building Toyosu MiCHi no Eki urban “road station” in the area being developed. A bus terminal will be at its center, and it will be a transportation hub that is equipped to serves as a place for shoppers to take a break and relax, a communication hub, and that can be used for disaster response. Shimizu will use its expertise in building a data platform for communication and disaster prevention aimed at creating a Smart City that will include the surrounding area to expand into other large development projects in key urban areas in the future to add new value in real estate development.
We will also pursue such business in North America, in addition to ASEAN countries, and will strengthen alliances with local companies to accomplish this.Completion of YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, a Next-generation Workplace
Located in Area 21 of Minato Mirai, YOKOHAMA GRANGATE is a rental office building devel- oped by Shimizu for a total investment of around 55 billion yen, the largest project Shimizu has taken on its own. It was completed in February 2020. An 18-story building with a total floor space of around 100,000 m2, YOKOHAMA GRANGATE is the second large investment and development project that Shimizu has built in the area after Yokohama i-Mark Place, which opened for business in 2014. It was developed based on the concept of a next-generation workplace that supports creative corporate activities and is equipped with floors that can be configured as test kitchens, R&D facilities, or other special purposes to provide a high degree of flexibility in meeting the diverse needs of tenants. We built it to meet the high- grade specifications of ecoBCP by installing a radiant air conditioning system to save energy and provide a comfortable room environment, and
by using our Dual Fit Damper, which demonstrates optimal effectiveness in the seismic isolation system for all types of earthquakes, from small and medium-sized earthquakes to large ones. In addition to obtaining the LEED Gold and CASBEE Yokohama S-rank environmental certifications, Shimizu plans to obtain the first WELL certification for a tenant building in Japan, which evaluates the buildings and room interiors from the perspective of the health and comfort of users.
YOKOHAMA GRANGATE (Yokohama City, Kanagawa Prefecture)
Acquisition of a Rental Office Building in New York
As part of our overseas expansion, Shimizu acquired sole ownership rights to the Albano Building, a rental office building located in Manhattan, New York in the U.S., in November 2019. The property was acquired for an investment of around 16.5 billion yen through Shimizu Realty Development (U.S.A) Inc., a local subsidiary that operates a real estate investment business in the U.S. Located in the center of Manhattan Island, New York, Albano Building has 16 floors with total leasable floor space of approximately 17,300 m2. It is located in an area suitable for dual office/residential use and there are many office buildings interspersed with luxury residential properties in the surrounding area. All floors are currently rented by the same tenant and the building is providing stable rental income. Shimizu intends to diversity the revenue base of its real estate business based on the Mid-Term Management Plan, and is targeting expansion into real estate investment
     overseas, in addition to Japan. We plan to further expand investment in the North American region in the future, in addition to investment in ASEAN countries. The acquisition of this property was our first concrete foray into the business.
Information on Other Trends
Business Topics
Albano Building in the U.S.
 Phase 4 Construction Begins on S·LOGI Niiza, a Shimizu Brand Distribution Facility https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/stock/item04/
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 37 