LCV
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu will create value across the spectrum of buildings and infrastructure, energy, and commu- nities, to improve user satisfaction and build a sus- tainable future based on the business concept of LCV (Life Cycle Valuation)*1.
*1 LCV (Life Cycle Valuation): Utilizing renewable energy, IoT, AI, etc. to provide comprehensive ser- vices and solutions including investment and partnerships
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Expand service businesses (BSP)*2
• Expand power and concession businesses
•Leverage advanced technology to promote the services business
and create smart cities
Overview of Activities
Shimizu established the LCV Headquarters in October 2017 to estab- lish stable revenue bases in the building stock management and sus- tainability business domains.
We link our BSP*2, Energy/Infrastructure management, and ICT/ Smart businesses and utilize renewable energy, IoT, AI, and other tech- nologies to provide comprehensive services and solutions, including investment and partnerships, to meet the increasingly diverse and complex needs of customers for energy savings, carbon-free opera- tions, more resilient business continuity, and healthier, more comfort- able work and living environments.
*2 BSP (Building Service Provider): Facility operation and management services after a facility is built including Project Management (PM), Building Management (BM), energy savings, and Business Continuity Planning (BCP)
Future Initiatives
We will expand our BSP business mainly by providing a wide range of one-stop services, from energy-saving equipment to manage- ment, through our facility management business and supporting the introduction of solar power generation.
In the energy and infrastructure management business, we will expand renewable energy power generation and the electric power retail business. We will also strengthen initiatives in infrastructure management.
In the ICT/Smart business, we aim to develop inclusive commu- nities and smart cities by promoting inclusive navigation systems and other services. Combining the three businesses described above will accelerate our efforts to achieve sustainable communities.
S.LOGI Niiza (Niiza City, Saitama Prefecture)
Our Investment and Development Division uses the roof of the logistics facility for a solar power generation business as part of the LCV business.Joint Biomass Power Generation Business with Local Community Launched
Shinshu Wood Power & Chip (SWPC) generation plant (output, 1990 kW) began operations in Tomi, Nagano Prefecture in July 2020. This business generates power by burning unused lumber from local forests of Japanese larch, Japanese red pine, and Japanese cedar. This pro- motes regional vitalization, forestry, and local production and local consumption, and creates a win-win relationship with the community.
Japan is one of the world’s most highly forested countries and the volume of the unused lumber stockpile, mainly from tree plantations is increasing year after year. We are at the stage where it is possible to make full use of this resource. While appropriate tree-thinning is required in order to properly maintain and protect the forest, the bent branches and roots that are generated by tree-thinning are left unused. The shortage of forestry managers and workers is also becoming a major issue. SWPC contributes to promotion of the forestry industry by using these unused resources effectively, using ICT in local forests, taking care of the moun- tains, and skillfully using the wood materials.
Shimizu will team up with communities and develop a biomass power generation business that contributes to community vital- ization by modeling SWPC’s business.
SWPC (Tomi City, Nagano Prefecture)
Use of Solar Power Generation in Many Initiatives in the Renewable Energy Business
A new solar power plant began operating in Tsuchiura City, Ibaraki Prefecture from July 2019. This is Shimizu’s eighth power plant. We are in the process of developing 14 solar power plants nationwide, in addition to this.
We have also launched a new business that uses solar power generation. The S.LOGI Niiza logistics facility developed by the Shimizu Investment and Development Division launched a solar power generation business on the rooftop of the facility in September 2019. We will con- tribute to improve environmental friendliness and BCP functions in the future by installing solar panels on the roofs of logistics facilities, plants, and other large facilities, and on surrounding unused land to generate electricity for these facilities.
We also partnered with a farm operator in the Midori-ku, Chiba City and launched a solar sharing business in September 2019. By installing solar panels on crop land, we will link the farming and power generation busi- ness and this will contribute to the realization of a sustainable community. Shimizu will con- tinue to pursue a diverse range of renewable energy businesses like this in the future.
    FY2019
Renewable power generation (Shimizu business)
24,048
MWh
Farm-style solar power plant in Okido, Chiba Prefecture (Midori-ku, Chiba City)
Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 41