Emerging Frontier Business
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu will expand the sphere of human activities from “onshore” to “offshore,” and from “earth” to “space,” while contributing to sustainable develop- ment of the earth and humankind. We will also con- tribute to measures to combat climate change and protect the global environment through businesses that co-exist with nature, and will be agile in investing in start-up companies as a strategic move towards the future.
Key Strategies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
• Expand ocean and space businesses
• Launch environmentally innovative agri-businesses
•Invest in next-generation construction technology and global-scale
solutions
GREEN FLOAT II (announced in 2017), certified by NIPPON KAIJI KYOKAI (ClassNK) for floating structure safety due to Shimizu’s technical experimentation and analysis
Overview of Activities
Shimizu has been researching development of space, the ocean, and other untapped frontiers since the 1980s. Development is expected to progress from the R&D stage to commercialization due to advances in IT technology and an influx of private capital in recent years, and future growth is anticipated. Shimizu established the Emerging Frontiers Division in 2018 with an eye on commercialization of this area.
Future Initiatives
We will continue to focus on four areas: Space, Ocean, Nature, and Ventures in the future.
In the Space area, we will lead the new era of space business as an Integrated Space Company that provides services in building space-related facilities on earth, analyzing and using satellite data, and even development on the surface of the moon. In the Ocean busi- ness, we will create a new market for cities that float on the surface of the ocean (ocean city of the future) and build a new busines model for ocean city development, based on the concept of a Green city that utilizes the ocean.
In the Nature business, we will work on initiatives to combat cli- mate change through agri-businesses, develop sustainable communi- ties, and contribute to the revitalization of local communities.
In the Venture business, we will establish a budget for investing in venture firms that show future promise and maintain agility in investing in and collaborating with them to realize our vision of the future. We will also develop businesses in the construction business domain, and expand into the business of developing emerging frontiers.Small Rocket Launching Business
New technology enabling smaller artificial satellites and the diversification of missions have increased their number as well as the need for dedicated launch vehicles. In July 2018, Shimizu made an equity investment in SPACE ONE Co., Ltd., which aims to be the first pri- vate-sector based small satellite launching business, as our first foray into the space business.
Since then we have worked with our joint venture partners on developing small rockets and establishing the terrestrial infrastructure. The town of Kushimoto in Wakayama was selected as the site for construction of a launching pad where small rocket assembly, launch and control will be performed and work on that site is progressing.
It is scheduled for completion in 2021. Once completed, it will be the first private sector small rocket launch site in Japan, and will contribute to further expansion of the space business.
Image of a launch Image of a small rocket
(Both photos provided by SPACE ONE Co., Ltd.)
Using Construction Industry Expertise in Strawberry Production
Shimizu is working on large-scale greenhouses in the field of agriculture. We are participating in a strawberry production business in Hokkaido as part of a project by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries to accelerate the introduction of next-generation greenhouses.
We will create sustainable agricultural operations by utilizing our expertise in facility construction, environmental controls and other technologies, and in process and personnel management to reduce costs through large-scale facility consolidation and achieve efficient, systematic production utilizing ICT-based environmental control technology.
Strawberry greenhouse at Tomatoh Farm, a Shimizu joint venture in Tomakomai City, Hokkaido
Information on Other Trends
News release
Investment Allowance of 10 Billion Yen Set for Active Investment in Venture Firms in Japan and Overseas https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2020/2020012.html
News release
Shimizu will build a Research Center for Lignophenol, a raw material for bioplastics https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2018/2018037.html
       Shimizu Corporate Report 2020 43 