Air Water Group’s Businesses
Industrial Gas Business“QuickSnow” precision cleaning system using carbon dioxide
QuickSnow is a dry cleaning system that produces fine dry ice particles from liquid carbon dioxide and injects them from the nozzle at high speed so that they collide with precision components or substrates in order to remove particles (micron-level fine dust or dirt) and organic substances from them. When fine dry ice particles collide with a target object, they vaporize and increase in volume by a factor of approximately 750. The QuickSnow system utilizes this property to blow away particles and clean organic substances.
The development of a system that utilizes fine dry ice particles for cleaning began with the introduction of technologies of overseas manufacturers. Based on those technologies, in order to respond to the needs of semiconductor manufacturers in Japan, Air Water has developed unique technologies, such as a nozzle that is able to efficiently clean objects in complicated shapes.
QuickSnow adopts a dry-type cleaning process that uses no liquid, such as solvents or chemical fluids. This means there is no wastewater or waste liquid to be treated and no need for drying, which reduces the environmental load and minimizes damage to target objects such as substrates, making the system suitable for the cleaning of fine areas. Moreover, the carbon dioxide used is manufactured by purifying gas by-products discharged from chemical plants or steelworks. Through the development and sales of QuickSnow, Air Water thus contributes to the reduction of environmental load and effective use of resources.
 “QuickSnow”
dry cleaning systemSummary of FY2017
Solid gas demand continued in broad manufacturing fields in Japan. In addition, the VSU* strategy, centered on increasing gas production at VSU* plants by enhancing ties with leading regional partners, proved successful. These resulted in steady performance by the Industrial Gas Business, especially for gas supply using cylinders or tank trucks. On-site gas supply for electronics purposes and sales of gas application equipment also showed steady performance. In the engineering field, Japan Pionics Co., Ltd., a proven supplier of gas purifiers and waste gas cleaners, joined the Air Water Group.
Meanwhile, on-site gas supply for blast furnaces was affected by unstable operation at a customer plant due to equipment failure and a rise in electricity rates.
As a result of these, total sales for the segment were 159.25 billion yen (99.4% of the previous year), with ordinary income of 16.17 billion yen (99.4% of the previous year).
* A high-efficiency compact liquefied oxygen/nitrogen production plant
Outlook for FY2018
In Japan, steady gas demand is expected to continue across a broad section of the manufacturing industry. The Industrial Gas Business will increase and enhance the VSUs and other gas production sites, as well as the cylinder filling stations, thereby further promoting gas businesses in Japan. The central plant for helium production will commence operations in Kawasaki City in May, while Kakogawa Plant, which commenced operations in fiscal 2017, will reinforce its manufacturing facilities for rare gas (xenon, krypton), for which demand has been increasing. Moreover, the Industrial Gas Business will further promote sales of gas applications and other non-gas products, while building up business foundations in North America and Asia by utilizing overseas subsidiaries such as TOMCO2 Systems Company and Taylor-Wharton Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.Major Measures for FY2018Industrial Gas Business
● Promoting the VSU-centered strategy and promoting local partnerships ● Expanding sales of carbon dioxide and dry ice
● Expanding sales of non-gas products (QuickSnow, welding robot)
● Expanding sales of specialty materials for electronics
Engineering Business
● Enhancing initiative to improve cost competitiveness centered on new Sakai Plant
● Building up foundations in North America and Asia by utilizing overseas subsidiaries
19 AIR WATER REPORT 2018
 TOPICS
Business Overview and Features
The Industrial Gas Business delivers a stable supply of industrial gases, such as oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and carbon dioxide, by the optimum supply method, ranging from supply using cylinders or tank trucks to on-site supply. The Industrial Gas Business also offers gas applications, as well as engineering and industrial equipment, by making effective use of technologies developed in-house.
<Closely related SDGs>
◆ Stable supply of industrial gases
◆ Reduction of environmental load by improving plant efficiency ◆ Reduction of CO2 emissions associated with transportation
Types of Gas
Oxygen
Argon
Hydrogen
Rare gas
Xenon, Krypton, Neon
Cutting gas
DIETHYLENE, DIE CUT, DIE LASER, Acetylene
Nitrogen
Carbon dioxide
Helium
Welding gas
ELNACKS, DIE ARGON, AW SHIELD, HOKUSEAL
Others
High-purity Ammonia, Ethylene Oxide, Semiconductor Specialty Gas,
Stable Isotopic Gas, etc.
            Industrial Gas
On-site Supply
Air Water installs gas generation equipment on the premises of steelworks and chemical plants that require a large volume of high-purity oxygen or nitrogen and provides gas supply through pipelines.
Cylinder Supply
Air Water supplies cylinders, gas cylinder bundles, LGC (ultra low-temperature liquefied gas containers), etc. to various local industries by the method most appropriate to usage and purpose.
Equipment and Construction
Industrial Equipment
Air Water supplies industrial equipment related to welding and cutting, such as ELNACKS®, an argon-based gas for welding, and offers welding solution services.
Mini On-site Supply
Air Water ensure stability of supply to industries with medium-scale demand such as the electronics industry by installing small- to medium-scale gas generation equipment such as the V1, which manufactures high-purity nitrogen gas.
Supply by Tank Trucks
Air Water delivers various types of liquefied gas produced at manufacturing plants to customers’ plants. Thanks to its supply network covering the whole of Japan, Air Water has established a secure and safe supply structure.
      Gas Total System
Realizing stable gas supply
while satisfying customer needs
It is immeasurably convenient and secure for customers to have gas generation equipment installed on their premises. Under Air Water’s Gas Total System, Air Water is responsible for installing gas generation equipment to provide an on-site gas supply. Gases are produced on-site using the electricity, cooling water, and instrumentation air provided by the customer, and sold under a supply guarantee. The system comprehensively covers all gas-related needs, from installation cost estimation to troubleshooting as well as maintenance and
backup services. We offer an optimum system suitable for the needs of each customer.
Backup
Guaranteeing
total coverage
Maintenance of gas-related installation needs
Price
   Equipment
     Gas Applications
Air Water develops and proposes gas equipment and systems that effectively use the properties of industrial gases to contribute to its customers’ improvement of production efficiency or sophistication of technology.
Engineering
Air Water offers integrated solutions based on the process engineering of cryogenic air separation systems, from design and fabrication to safety management. With the completion of Sakai Plant in December 2017, the machinery production structure has been reinforced.
AIR WATER REPORT 2018 20