Air Water Group’s Businesses
Chemical BusinessTransfer of Coal Chemical business decided to achieve shift to a functional chemicals-centered business structure
The Chemical Business, which commenced with purification of coke oven gas in relation to ironmaking and sales of its by-products, has fostered various unique businesses, such as the carbon materials business for automobiles and building materials, and the Fine Chemical business, which deals with intermediates for various materials, such as pharmaceutical and agricultural intermediates, and information and electronics materials. Later, it established C-Chem Co., Ltd. as a joint venture with Nippon Steel & Sumikin Chemical Co., Ltd. to conduct the Tar Distillation business. In 2015, Air Water acquired as its subsidiary Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals Ltd., a manufacturer and seller of phthalic anhydride, a general-purpose chemical, and functional chemicals, especially naphthoquinone and other quinone-based products, with the aim of enhancing areas other than the Coal Chemical business.
Meanwhile, the Coal Chemical business is vulnerable to fluctuations in market conditions and the supply-demand balance, and its raw materials procurement is also easily influenced by the operation status of steelworks. Considering the business scale of Air Water and the impact of changes in the business environment on its overall business performance, it appeared difficult for Air Water to promote structural reform of the business on its own. Under these circumstances, Air Water decided to withdraw from the joint venture for tar distillation by agreeing to have Nippon Steel & Sumikin Chemical Co., Ltd. (now Nippon Steel Chemical & Material) acquire C-Chem Co., Ltd. as its fully owned subsidiary in April 2018, and to then transfer the Coal Chemical business to Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation and Nippon Steel & Sumikin Chemical Co., Ltd. as of April 1, 2019.
We will accelerate the shift in our business structure to transform ourselves into a company with a strong presence in the functional chemicals field by devoting focused efforts to enhancing the existing quinone-based products and other unique products utilizing the carbon materials and liquid air oxidation technologies, while injecting external resources through proactive M&As.Summary of FY2017
In the Coal Chemical business, although the processing volume for coke oven gas refinement decreased, the unit price for purified gas rose due to changes in market conditions, resulting in an increase in net sales. Conditions for the Tar Distillation business conducted by C-Chem Co., Ltd., an equity-method affiliate, improved due to a tightening supply and demand balance for needle coke for electric furnace electrodes.
The Fine Chemical business showed steady performance with a recovery in earnings as a result of the suspension of unprofitable facilities and growth in sales of high-function circuit products for industrial robots. Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals Ltd. also marked favorable performance as a whole, with a substantial increase in sales of quinone-based products for uses such as agricultural chemicals and photosensitizers, as well as recovery in sales of phthalic anhydride and improved export market conditions.
As a result of these, total sales for the segment were 67.984 billion yen (110.8% of the previous year), with ordinary income of 1.854 billion yen (the previous year marked a loss of 0.682 billion yen).
Outlook for FY2018
Market conditions for the Chemical Business have been improving thanks to a rise in crude oil prices and other favorable factors. In the Coal Chemical business, along with the recovery in operation of steelworks, a recovery in earnings is expected for crude benzene and other basic chemicals. The Fine Chemical business will accelerate withdrawal from unprofitable products and adjustment of prices of pharmaceutical and agricultural intermediates to appropriate levels, while expanding product sales. At Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals Ltd., steady sales of quinone-based products are expected to continue, and profitability will be further improved due to structural reform for organic acid products, such as phthalic anhydride.Major Measures for FY2018Overall
● Reinforcing and expanding the functional chemicals business foundations Fine Chemicals
● Promoting withdrawal from unprofitable products and price increase
Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals Ltd.
● Structural reform for organic acid products ● Expanding sales of quinone-based products
21 AIR WATER REPORT 2018
 TOPICS
Business Overview and Features
The Chemical Business develops and produces high value-added chemical products, including functional chemicals such as fine chemicals and quinone-based products, general-purpose chemicals such as organic acid products, and MAXIMOL, which is used for rigid polyurethane foam, and delivers a stable supply of them.
<Closely related SDGs>
Organic acid products
Phthalic anhydride Fumaric acid Succinic acid MAXIMOL
Quinone-based products
Naphthoquinone
Naphthoquinone derivatives
Fine chemicals
Electronics materials
Pharmaceutical intermediates
Agricultural intermediates
          ◆ Development and production of pharmaceutical and agricultural intermediates
     ◆ Reduction of greenhouse gases through provision of products
(Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals Ltd., MAXIMOL, SAQ)
Chemical
Electronics Materials
Liquid air oxidation, nitration, and other synthesiz- ing technologies are utilized to manufacture semiconductor sealant SK Resin. Semiconductor substrates and general-purpose circuit boards are also manufactured and sold.
Pharmaceutical and Agricultural Intermediates
The Group’s strong arsenal of heterocyclic compounds, which play an important physiological role, are used in the synthesis of various
derivatives to meet the diverse development needs of customers.
Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals Ltd.
Since its foundation in 1948, Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals has manufactured intermediates for building materials, electronics materials, food products, and pharmaceutical and agricultural products. It also handles a range of organic acid products, such as phthalic anhydride, and functional chemicals including quinone-based products.
     List of Products of Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals Ltd.
        Organic acid products
Organic acid products derivatives
Quinone-based products
<Raw materials>
Ortho-xylene
Maleic acid
Maleic anhydride
Various organic acids
Naphthalene
Phthalic anhydride
Fumaric acid
Succinic acid
MAXIMOL
Naphthoquinone
Naphthoquinone derivatives
<Major uses>
Vinyl chloride plasticizers Paint
Polyester resin
Pigment
Polyester resin
Bath agents
Food additives Pharmaceutical products
Bath agents
Food additives Biodegradable plastic
Rigid polyurethane foam Surface-active agents Resin modifiers
Agricultural chemicals Pharmaceutical chemicals Dye intermediates
Resin
Desulfurization catalysts
Pulp digesting assistant Photosensitizers
Agricultural chemical materials Polymerization inhibitors
                  AIR WATER REPORT 2018 22