Air Water Group’s Businesses
Medical BusinessOffering products/services that respond to growing interest in oral care
Oral health is the key to a healthy and long life. Being able to eat orally keeps you healthy not only physically but also mentally, and helps improve your quality of life. To maintain your oral health, daily care is necessary. In this super aging society, there is growing interest in oral care for its power to promote healthy living.
Ci Medical Co., Ltd., an equity-method affiliate of Air Water, delivers dental care products to various clinical institutions, mainly dental clinics and orthodontists, through mail-order sales. It consistently develops, plans, sells, and manufactures products that are user-friendly from a dentist’s point of view. Under the principle of making both dentists and patients happy, Ci Medical offers meticulously developed products to support daily care.
For elderly people whose oral self-care ability is declining, daily oral cleaning, moisturizing, and functional training are necessary to prevent aspiration pneumonia. Kawamoto Corporation, an Air Water Group company, offers a diverse lineup of products, including an oral care gel and oral care sponge. With quality that has long been chosen and appreciated in many medical and nursing care settings, it fully supports oral care from beginning to end.
Products of
Ci Medical Co., Ltd.
Products of
Kawamoto Corporation
       Summary of FY2017
In the Advanced Medical field, which targets general hospitals and other medical institutions as customers, business related to the construction of hospital facilities such as operating rooms was stable thanks to efforts for cost reduction and other factors, despite the extremely challenging market conditions due to a decrease in large projects. The SPD (in-hospital logistics and inventory management system) business in the medical services segment achieved an improvement in earnings due to new orders for large-scale projects and streamlining of management. Sales of medical gases were also firm due to acquisition of new customer hospitals.
In the Lifestyle Medical field, which provides products and services in areas closer to consumers, the home medical care, dental, and sanitary materials businesses saw steady growth. The injection needle business, which expanded sales channels overseas through M&A, marked steady performance while the business of GLOBALWIDE, a Singapore-based hospital interior and facility installation company acquired by M&A, also contributed to favorable sales results.
As a result of these, total sales for the segment were 170.897 billion yen (131.5% of the previous year), with ordinary income of 10.317 billion yen (112.5% of the previous year).
Outlook for FY2018
Faced with an accelerating trend for holding down medical expenses at hospitals and other medical institutions, Air Water will further enhance the infrastructure for businesses targeting medical institutions, such as outsourcing of hospital operations. At the same time, efforts will be made to expand the businesses in the Lifestyle Medical field, which is expected to keep growing in line with the aging of society. Taking advantage of its comprehensive capabilities to respond to all medical needs ranging from advanced medicine to lifestyle medicine, Air Water will endeavor to receive combined orders. Moreover, the Medical Business will promote restructuring of subsidiaries with the aim of optimizing the functions and business resources of subsidiaries in the areas that have been rapidly expanded due to M&As, thereby further improving productivity and efficiency in business management.Major Measures for FY2018● Restructuring of Group companies to improve efficiency and creating new businesses/synergies
● Expanding business and improving productivity by active capital investment
● Improving profitability by all-out cost reduction efforts
● Expanding medical consumables businesses (sanitary materials, injection
needles)
● Promoting overseas businesses
23 AIR WATER REPORT 2018
 TOPICS
Medical
Advanced services medicine business
Medical gas business
  Business Overview and Features
The Medical Business provides diverse products and services, ranging from the latest equipment for hospitals on the increasingly sophisticated frontlines of medicine and the supply of medical gas, medical outsourcing services, and equipment and maintenance services, to the supply of products and services for community clinics and home care, such as dental items, sanitary materials, and injection needles.
<Closely related SDGs>
◆ Providing products and services for advanced medical treatment ◆ Providing lifestyle-related products
◆ Contributing to the enhancement of infrastructure through disaster
prevention projects
Hospital facilities business
Overseas medical equipment business
Sanitary materials business
Hospitals Community medical
Home medical care business
Injection needle business
       Overseas medical
Dental business
Lifestyle medical
Lifestyle medical
     Advanced Medical
Hospital Facilities
Air Water has a leading share in design and installation of operating rooms and intensive care units (ICUs), which are core features of hospitals, and of gas supply facilities such as medical gas piping. Optimal medical environments are created by utilizing our extensive experience and cutting-edge technologies.
Advanced Medical
Medical Gas
Through its nationwide supply network, Air Water delivers a stable supply of medical oxygen, for which it holds a leading share in Japan, and a variety of other medical gases, such as nitric oxide products, liquefied helium for MR imaging, and sterilization gas.
Lifestyle Medical
Dental
Air Water manufactures and sells dental and orthodontic equipment and materials mainly to dental clinics and orthodontists. It is also engaged in mail-order sales of dental care products in general.
Medical Services
Air Water helps hospitals to operate more efficiently by providing medical outsourcing services to support hospital management and operations, including in-hospital logistics management and the sterilization or disinfection of medical instruments.
Lifestyle Medical
Home Medical Care
Air Water helps patients with respiratory problems to live comfortably every day through home oxygen therapy, which involves breathing in air that contains more oxygen than normal using a home oxygen concentrator.
Injection
Air Water manufactures general hypodermic needles as well as a variety of other needles for dental, cosmetic, and veterinary purposes using outstanding grinding and machining technologies in Japan, and exports them to over 80 countries around the world.
Medical Equipment
Air Water provides a broad range of products and services, including mainly ventilator-related equipment, as well as cardiovascular and nursing care equipment, and maintenance thereof. In February 2018, Kairos Co., Ltd., the developer of a very small and light rigid endoscope with 8K resolution, joined the Air Water Group.
Sanitary Materials
Air Water has strength in the development of products with special features such as sterilized gauze and sterilized BEMSHEETS, which are mainly used in operating rooms, and it is also putting effort into products for general consumers such as oral care products and baby products.
Disaster Prevention
Disaster Prevention Projects
Air Water helps protect society from disasters through supplying fire extinguishing equipment using nitrogen or other gases and air respirators to protect human life from smoke and toxic gases.
               AIR WATER REPORT 2018 24