Air Water Group’s Businesses
Energy BusinessContributing to a low-carbon society by pushing for
fuel conversion
The Air Water Group is actively promoting fuel conversion to LP gas or LNG for customers using fuel oil by presenting a simulation of costs and financial advantages.
For customers of industrial gas, who often own plant facilities, Air Water offers proposals by using the sales networks of its eight regional business companies while also working to enhance the supply system by deploying its own tank trucks.
LP gas and LNG show a significant economic advantage outside the areas where pipeline supply of city gas is available. LP gas is suited for energy demands of a relatively small scale while LNG better satisfies large-scale demand. Air Water offers proposals tailored to the needs of each type of customer. Other advantages of the gaseous energy of LP gas or LNG gas compared to fuel oil include higher fuel efficiency and less carbon dioxide, sulfur, and nitrogen in exhaust gas.
The world has been shifting away from conventional, liquid fuel-dependent energy toward clean gaseous energy with a view to the realization of a low-carbon society. Air Water contributes to the realization of a low-carbon society through its initiatives to promote fuel conversion.
  Fuel oil A Kerosene Liquid
fuel
Fuel oil C
LP gas
Gaseous conversion fuel
LNG
Clean energy
Less CO2 in exhaust gas Less sulfur and nitrogen Less soot and ash
FuelSummary of FY2017
For LP gas and kerosene, the Energy Business focused on increasing the sales volume and improving the ratio of direct sales through the acquisition of commercial rights. Efforts were also made to acquire new customers, such as the launch of a new point-awarding service for general households. For industrial LP gas, Air Water promoted fuel conversion from heavy oil in line with the enhancement of the supply structure. As a result of these efforts, which boosted the sales volume, along with a rise in selling prices in connection with CP prices, net sales increased. However, the profit level remained about the same as the previous year due to an increase in sales promotion costs and the impact of a substantial decline in CP prices after the fourth quarter.
In businesses other than LP gas and kerosene, orders for renewal of water heaters and other related equipment, as well as gas heat pumps (GHP), steadily increased, while deals for LNG tank trucks using ultra low-temperature technology, a strength of Air Water, advanced as planned.
As a result of these, total sales for the segment were 51.459 billion yen (114.3% of the previous year), with ordinary income of 3.936 billion yen (100.4% of the previous year).
Outlook for FY2018
Faced with population decrease and competition from all-electric houses, the environment surrounding LP gas for civil use has been increasingly tough. The Energy Business will continue to promote various measures to increase both sales volume and customers, including the acquisition of commercial rights to raise the ratio of direct sales and the enhancement of customer services. At the same time, it will also push for fuel conversion to industrial LP gas through enhancing ties with regional business companies across Japan.
Moreover, the Energy Business will commence external LNG sales and electricity retailing in collaboration with Hokkaido Electric Power Company, and will also focus on new uses and fields, including supply of materials for new LNG vehicles, which are being developed by major truck manufacturers, and bunkering (fuel supply for ships).Major Measures for FY2018Energy for households
● Expanding direct-sale customers by M&A to acquire commercial rights and enhancing customer services
● Evolving into a general energy service provider, starting with entry into electricity retailing business
Energy for industry
● Promoting sales of industrial LP gas by taking advantage of strength as an industrial gas manufacturer
● In view of the expected market expansion, focusing on LNG-related equipment
25 AIR WATER REPORT 2018
 TOPICS
  Business Overview and Features
Air Water has been supplying LP gas and kerosene as energy for daily life to general households, commercial facilities, hospitals, and other public facilities, and also as energy for industrial uses to plants. Air Water is also engaged in the supply of LNG as well as the manufacture and sale of LNG-related equipment, playing an essential role in community life.
<Closely related SDGs>
◆ Stable supply of energy for daily life and industry
◆ Reduction of environmental load by promoting fuel conversion
Operating and M&A Strategy
Expansion of area of operation Further development of services
   LP gas
Kerosene
LNG Electricity
 Technology/Development
   Development of applications Engineering
LP Gas and Kerosene
LP Gas
In Hokkaido and others, Air Water delivers LP gas under the Hello Gas brand as environmentally friendly, clean energy essential for regional communities and industry.
Kerosene
Usually used as energy for hot water and heating, kerosene is just as important as LP gas, and Air Water delivers a stable supply directly to households.
LNG
LNG-related equipment
Utilizing ultra low-temperature technology and unique know-how it has built up over many years, Air Water manufactures and sells LNG tanker trucks and transportation containers, for which it holds one of the top shares in Japan.
Energy Equipment
Besides energy supply-related services, Air Water works to provide total support services from diverse perspectives by staying close to customers and remaining deeply rooted in community life.
Mobile Power Source Cars
Mobile power supply vehicles generate electricity using easily procured LP gas as fuel, thereby playing an important role as emergency power providers during a disaster or power failure.
Electricity
Electricity Retailing
Hokkaido Air Water, a regional business company of Air Water, collaborates with Hokkaido Electric Power Co., Inc. to sell electricity generated by Hokkaido Electric Power under the label “Air Water Electricity Powered by Hokuden.”
    LP Gas Supply Processes
  Gas filling station
Gas cylinder delivery truck
Bulk tank truck
Bulk tanker Bulk filling truck
Customers
Customers Taxi
Gas cylinders
 Secondary terminal
Secondary terminal
Tanker truck
Gas stand
Gas stand
             LNG Satellite Supply
Air Water designs and installs unloading facilities for LNG transported to areas of demand by tanker trucks, etc. according to customers’ usage requirements.
AIR WATER REPORT 2018 26