Air Water Group’s Businesses
Agriculture and Food Products BusinessFood safety and quality management reinforced with participation of a food safety specialist company
In January 2018, Q&C Co., Ltd., a company specializing in providing support for the introduction of HACCP related to food safety, acquisition of various certificates (ISO, FSSC, JFS, etc.), sanitation management guidance, microorganism testing, etc., joined the Air Water Group. Operating mainly in Hokkaido, Q&C has built up abundant experience and trust over its long years of commitment to guidance and testing operations concerning food safety, as well as a consultant function adaptable to international food safety certification systems.
Amid growing concern over food safety and security in recent years, the revised Food Sanitation Act was adopted in June 2018, followed by the decision to introduce HACCP, a global food sanitation management scheme, in Japan. Food-related business operators are required to take further measures to ensure food safety and security.
Food safety and security is the most important factor for the continuation and development of the Agriculture and Food Products Business. The joining of a food safety specialist company to the Group has enabled the Air Water Group to deliver products and services with higher consciousness around food safety and security at all stages of manufacturing, from upstream to downstream.
Microorganism testing by official method
Swab sampling for testing microorganisms on cooking utensils
  Summary of FY2017
In the Agriculture business, although prices of agricultural products wildly fluctuated due to unstable weather, the impact of the price fluctuations was offset by efforts to improve the efficiency of vegetable processing and increase productivity in the processed agricultural products area, as well as by brisk sales of agricultural machinery and maintenance services.
In Food Solutions, the Sweets business was severely affected by a rise in production costs and other factors. However, thanks to an increase in sales of raw ham, the core product of the Ham and Sausage subsegment, and the acceleration of cost reduction initiatives such as integrating procurement of raw materials and optimization of logistics, the Food Solutions business as a whole maintained roughly the same level of performance as for the previous year.
The Beverages business showed steady growth as a whole, with vegetable juices selling well throughout the year as well as strong demand for hot tea and plastic bottled coffee in winter, which is usually the season of weak demand, contributing greatly to the improved performance of the entire Agriculture and Food Products Business.
As a result of these, total sales for the segment were 133.702 billion yen (112.9% of the previous year), with ordinary income of 4.85 billion yen (118.1% of the previous year).
Outlook for FY2018
In order to mitigate the impact of extreme climate change on the Agriculture business, Air Water will promote the distribution of producers of raw materials for agricultural products. It will also put efforts into cost reduction through restructuring of part of the businesses and encouraging joint material purchasing among subsidiaries, as well as capital investment to save labor, with the aim of responding to rises in labor and logistics costs. The Beverages business, in particular, will make effective use of the new juice production line established at Eniwa Plant, which is one of the largest in Hokkaido, while accelerating investment in the enhancement of production lines for high value-added products. The Sweets business will improve production efficiency by taking advantage of the launch of a new plant under construction in Atsugi City, Kanagawa, thereby achieving a recovery in earnings.Major Measures for FY2018Food Solutions
● Demonstrating the effects of M&A
Beverages
● Developing high-value products that appeal to brand manufacturers ● Improving profitability of home delivery water business
Agriculture
● Hedging against weather risks by decentralization and distribution of production sites, and securing procurement of ingredient vegetables
27 AIR WATER REPORT 2018
 TOPICS
 Business Overview and Features
The Agriculture and Food Products Business started with sales of frozen foods utilizing liquid nitrogen. Through the integration into the Air Water Group of functions ranging from vegetable production to the distribution of food and beverage products across Japan, the Agriculture and Food Products Business is creating a new value chain that maximizes Group synergies.
Handles livestock products, frozen foods, and sweets.
Food Solutions
  <Closely related SDGs>
◆ Improving stability and productivity of agriculture ◆ Stable supply of safe and secure food products ◆ Reduction of waste and loss
Food Solutions
Ham and Sausage
Under the three brands “Shunsetsu,” “Sagami Ham,” and “Daisen Ham,” Air Water offers customers throughout Japan high-end ham and sausage products, with a particular focus on raw ham, for which Air Water holds one of the biggest shares in the country.
Agriculture
Cultivation
Air Water is involved in the production of tomatoes and other vegetables at the Chitose Farm in Hokkaido, which has one of Japan’s largest greenhouses, and the Azumino Farm in Shinshu.
Procurement and Processing
Leveraging procurement channels encompassing over 700 contract farmers in Japan, Air Water offers various processed agricultural products, such as frozen pumpkin made in Hokkaido and grated radish for commercial use, throughout the country.
Agriculture
Responsible for all agricultural produce operations, from production to procurement, processing, distribution, and retail.
Beverages
Sells high-quality OEM products and a full lineup of own-brand products.
        Processed Agricultural Products
Air Water manufactures high-quality frozen vegetables such as broccoli, sweetcorn, and pumpkin as well as flavorsome cooking sauces, and satisfies the needs of professional chefs and the food service industry by proposing new applications and menus.
Sweets
     Agricultural Machines and Tools
Air Water manufactures and sells agricultural machinery that supports Hokkaido’s industry, such as beet harvesters and cultivators.
Distribution and Sale
Air Water offers safe, secure, tasty, and fresh vegetables and fruit at Takatani Shoten, an intermediate wholesaler of the Otsu Market and Kyushuya, the operator of a large chain of fruit and vegetable specialty stores in Japan.
Taking advantage of its strength in product development, Air Water offers a wide range of sweets, mainly chilled desserts, for both general consumers and businesses. In September 2018, a state-of-the-art plant was completed in Atsugi City, Kanagawa Prefecture.
Beverages
Vegetable and Fruit Juices
Air Water sells vegetable juices, of which it has the largest OEM production share in Japan, as well as other high-quality beverages, both on an OEM basis and under its own brands.
Home Delivery Water
Air Water delivers snowmelt water from the Northern Alps to the homes of its customers by employing the non-heating method to maintain the original natural taste of the water.
   AIR WATER REPORT 2018 28