 Air Water Group’s Businesses
Logistics Business
  Summary of FY2017
In the 3PL business, which is centered on food logistics, delivery service for major convenience store chains significantly expanded in terms of both quantity and area, thanks to new distribution centers opened in line with an increase in the volume of delivery and orders received in new areas. The Transport business, which covers general cargo transportation, enhanced regional operations and trunk line transportation by making active capital investments, including setting up two new centers in the Honshu area.
Meanwhile, the business environment remained very challenging due to the impact of an increase in delivery cost due to truck driver shortage, as well as soaring labor costs and diesel oil price.
The Vehicle Bodies business, which undertakes the design and mounting of various truck bodies, showed steady performance with an increase in sales volume of trucks and trailers, thanks to the success of continuous capital investments.
As a result of these, total sales for the segment were 44.933 billion yen (105.9% of the previous year), with ordinary income of 1.888 billion yen (83.5% of the previous year).
Outlook for FY2018
In the Logistics Business, Air Water will implement various measures for the improvement of business operations and the optimization of transportation fares for customers, with the aim of tackling various challenges, including the shortage of drivers and the associated rise in transportation costs, as well as the rise in the cost of labor related to warehouse operations. At the same time, Air Water will promote the integration of logistics within the Group and further deepen ties through logistics, while accelerating initiatives, including capital investment, to expand the logistics business focusing on the field of low-temperature logistics, a market expected to grow further.
Major Measures for FY2018
● Promoting integration of the Group’s logistics operations
(Focusing on the Agriculture & Food Products Business and the Life & Energy Business)
● Determining appropriate sites and promoting infrastructure development (Further strengthening and expanding own logistics networks)
● Creating region-unique businesses in collaboration with regional business companies
(Focusing on the Hokkaido area)
● Viewing the low-temperature logistics as a growth market, promoting development of low-temperature equipment
(Enhancing related infrastructure development)
Expanding food logistics business through
the establishment of
a low-temperature logistics network
In September 2018, the Air Water Atsugi Low-temperature Logistics Center to be operated by East Japan Air Water Logistics Co., Ltd., an Air Water Group company, was completed on a site owned by the Group in Atsugi City, Kanagawa Prefecture.
Based on the belief that logistics will play a key role in the growth of its business in the future, Air Water designates the integration of logistics of the Group as the highest priority task at present for the stability and growth of business, and is working on the review of the logistics systems of all business domains of the Air Water Group. The initiative particularly focuses on the Agriculture and Food Products Business, one of the Air Water Group’s growth fields, and the Atsugi Low-temperature Logistics Center was built as a hub for the Group’s food logistics targeting large consumption areas. The Center, to be used in combination with the main plant of Plecia Co., Ltd., a sweets business operator, will enable integrated operations from manufacturing to inventory management and delivery, thereby improving the efficiency and quality of logistics.
In line with the integration of the Group’s logistics, Air Water views it as crucial for its future business growth to strategically set up its own logistics centers and establish logistics infrastructure that is closely tied to local communities. Food logistics, which requires meticulous temperature control to maintain the quality and freshness of food, is particularly expected to grow further, and Air Water has a big advantage in this field thanks to its constant low-temperature transport technology developed in the transportation of high-pressure gases. With the launch of the Atsugi Low-temperature Logistics Center, a low-temperature logistics network now connects the Hokkaido and Tohoku areas with the Tokyo metropolitan area, a large consumption area. Air Water will
further expand the food logistics business, with a view to the possibility of joint logistics operation within the food industry.
Atsugi Low-temperature Logistics Center
    29 AIR WATER REPORT 2018
TOPICS
 Business Overview and Features
The Logistics Business started with the transportation of high-pressure gases, such as industrial and medical gases. Today, the business has expanded into a variety of fields, including food logistics (mainly 3PL), medical logistics for the transportation of blood, general cargo transport, container transport, and even design and mounting of truck bodies, etc.
<Closely related SDGs>
◆ Stable supply of industrial and medical gases ◆ Providing high value-added logistics services ◆ Efforts to improve logistics efficiency
General cargo transport
High-pressure gas transport
A variety of logistics services
Container transport
Food logistics
     Special transport
   Medical and environment
Distribution and processing
Logistics
High-pressure Gas Transport
Air Water delivers high-pressure gases such as oxygen, nitrogen, and argon by the optimum transport means, ranging from liquefied gas tank trucks to trailers, in a safe and speedy manner. The transport know-how and constant low- temperature technology, which have been developed for high-pressure gas transport, have provided the basis for various logistics services that Air Water offers today.
Medical and Environment
Taking advantage of its advanced constant low-temperature technology developed through transportation of high-pressure gases, Air Water conducts all types of transportation related to blood collected at blood centers around the country, including transportation of raw blood plasma, blood samples, raw blood, and blood for transfusion.
Transport
Utilizing the transportation network centered on Hokkaido that connects the sites around Japan, Air Water transports all types of cargo, from construction materials and general cargo such as livestock feed and fertilizers to food and beverages, in different temperature zones, from room temperature to chilled to frozen. The Transport business is also available for container transport using ferries between Hokkaido and Honshu.
Vehicle Bodies Mounting
Air Water meets customers’ vehicle body needs through integrated production systems spanning the design and production of various truck bodies, truck trailers, and tanker trucks to specialty vehicles, and ranging from the processing of materials to the production of finished products.
3PL
Mainly in the food logistics field, Air Water aims to provide efficient and high added-value logistics services by comprehensively taking care of the entire logistics operations of shippers, business restructuring, and management.
        The Group’s Nationwide Distribution Network (As of March 31, 2018)
Mainly in the Hokkaido, Tohoku, and Kita Kanto regions, Air Water maintains a cold chain for convenience stores and supermarkets. It is also involved in the production of specialty vehicles. The Group also leverages its temperature control technology to provide logistics services for the transportation of raw blood plasma.
Five Group companies
Employees: 3,000 Operating sites: 86 Vehicles: 1,772 Warehouses: 48
Main vehicle bases
Main vehicle bases with warehouse functions
AIR WATER REPORT 2018 30