Air Water Group’s Businesses
Seawater Business
Carrying on the long tradition of salt production, Air Water contributes to the stable supply of salt and offers food and environmental products derived from seawater. Air Water also applies its know-how accumulated in production processes to water treatment and other technologies.
<Closely related SDGs>
◆ Offering water treatment services ◆ Offering environmental products
   Salt
Environment
   Salt
Water and Soil Treatment Agent
Air Water is utilizing seawater resources and technologies to expand a wide range of its business areas, particularly environmental products such as absorbent for water and soil treatment and magnesium hydroxide.
Agriculture
Agricultural Fertilizers
Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd. utilizes seawater resources to supply potassium chloride, one of the three major fertilizers, for fertilizer manufacturers. The company is exploring applications of seawater resources other than fertilizers with the aim of further expanding its business.
Magnesia
Magnesia for Insulating Materials
Mainly used as insulating filler for sheathed heaters, which are used as heating elements in a broad range of equipment, from home appliances such as electric rice cookers, irons, and hot plates to various types of industrial heating equipment.
Regeneration of Sewer Pipes
Aquaintec Corporation employs the “All Liner” method, an innovative technology to regenerate aged underground pipes without digging up the ground, thereby contributing to safe and comfortable communities.
Seawater-derived Food Products
Air Water has commercialized bittern generated in salt production processes as a food additive. The company also offers products from seaweed grown in the Ariake Sea, Kyushu, as well as Italian food ingredients and seawater-derived mineral water.
High-purity Magnesia for Fire-resistant Materials
For magnesia-carbon brick, which is used for the lining of converters at steelworks. Used especially
for magnesia-carbon brick for parts exposed to extremely harsh furnace conditions.
Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd., the leading producer of salt in Japan, provides a stable supply of high-quality salt products to regions throughout Japan from its Ako and Sanuki plants.
Electricity
Woody Biomass Power Generation
In 2015, Ako Plant of Nihonkaisui Co., Ltd. introduced an integrated cogeneration power system that uses woody biomass and natural gas. The generated electricity is used for its own purposes and also sold.
Magnesia for Oriented Electromagnetic Steel Sheets
Oriented electromagnetic steel sheets, used as the iron core of a transformer, etc., are indispensable for electric devices. And magnesia is a raw material indispensable for the manufacturing of electromagnetic steel sheets.
■ System of hot water heating Boiler truck
Water stop
plug Lateral
Hot water circulation hose
All Liner Method Forming a resin liner pipe inside a sewer pipe to cure problems inside the pipe without digging up the groundFood Products
      31 AIR WATER REPORT 2018