 Aerosol Business
 The Aerosol business provides various aerosol products and liquid-filled products that have today become indispensable in our daily life and business activities. By making use of its advanced gas technologies, it offers products ranging from quasi-pharmaceutical products, cosmetics, and household commodities to industrial items.
<Closely related SDGs>
◆ Reduction of environmental load by using alternative CFC
  Business Overview
Air Water conducts a broad range of businesses on an OEM/ODM basis, flexibly responding to diverse needs of customers by manufacturing aerosol products and other liquid-filled products in both large and small lots, from items for the human body and household commodities to paint, automotive parts, and industrial items. In November 2018, a new plant for liquid-filled products was completed in Omitama City, Ibaraki Prefecture, with which Air Water will enhance its capacity for liquid-filled products and product lineups, while also working to further expand business in the cosmetics field.
<Major Products>
Items for Human Body
Hair spray, hair dye, hair care spray, hair mousse, hair growth tonic, natural water/lotion spray, shaving foam, UV cut spray, asthma drug, anti-inflammatory analgesic, etc.
Household Commodities
Pesticide, glass cleaner, room deodorant, shoe deodorant, waterproof agent, antistatic agent for clothes, disinfectant spray, portable fire extinguisher, cooking spray, pet items, gas cylinders for portable cookers, dust blower, etc.
Paint
Repair paint for automobiles, household paint, construction paint, etc.
Automotive and Industrial Items
Defogger, glass polisher for cars, tire/leather protectant, carburetor cleaner, brake cleaner, car air conditioner deodorant, anticorrosive lubricator, metal flaw detector, mold release agent, adhesive, etc.
 Production Sites
Four plants in Japan manufacture aerosol products and liquid-filled products. Gifu Plant excels in the manufacture of paint while Gunma Plant has strengths in cosmetics and items for the human body. Ibaraki Plant is capable of manufacturing all types of products, including pharmaceutical and quasi-pharmaceutical products, industrial items, and other miscellaneous goods, while Sanyo Plant produces liquid-filled products for gardening. Thus the four plants have different characteristics.
<Business sites>
Gunma Plant Gifu Plant
        Sanyo Plant
Research and Development
Quality Assurance Dept.
Research and Development Dept.
Ibaraki Plant
Tokyo Head Office Tokyo Sales Dept.
      With the aim of satisfying customers, Air Water’s research and development is focused on launching onto the market safe and environment-friendly aerosol products developed from unique ideas. Based on the pursuit of quickly responding to customer demand by utilizing data in the broad fields in which Air Water has experience in formulation development, we conduct marketing for upcoming demands and needs, and offer new solutions.
Osaka Sales Dept.   AIR WATER REPORT 2018 32