Air Water Group’s Businesses
Other Businesses
With unique technologies and distinct products such as O-rings, ECOROCA®, and NV (metal surface treatment), these businesses underpin the concept of the Order Rodentia Style of Business, supporting the growth of the Air Water Group.
<Closely related SDGs>
     ◆ Providing construction materials using waste materials and waste wood (ECOROCA®)
◆ Biomass power generation by effectively using thinned wood and PKS (palm kernel shell)
   Leveraging its global network, Air Water offers a wide range of chemical products for various industries, from basic chemicals to high-purity chemicals, electric insulating materials and resin molded items for the electronics field. Air Water also jointly develops materials for customer products with manufacturers and provides state-of-the-art information and materials.
BELLPEARL
Air Water offers “Bellpearl” high-function particulate phenolic resin, “Bellfine” functional new carbon made by the highly controlled burning and carbonizing of Bellpearl resin, and “Bellswing,” a PSA-type nitrogen gas generator that uses Bellfine carbon as an absorbent.
Air Water’s Industrial Gas Business consumes a
continue stable business operation under any and all circumstances, including a large-scale disaster, Air Water believes it crucial to secure baseload power to be able to procure electric power by itself, in principle. Under this belief, Air Water is promoting power generation using renewable energy sources.
O-rings
Air Water manufactures and sells various types
of seal materials such as rubber O-rings and
other rubber products for industrial use. For
semiconductor manufacturing systems, it
offers a lineup under the Pororoca brand
of ultra high-performance rubber O-rings.
Recently, it has developed and marketed
O-rings made of perfluoroelastomer (FFKM), which have the world’s highest level of heat resistance, and O-rings made from general-purpose fluoroelastomer rubber (FKM).ECOROCA®
Air Water manufactures and sells ECOROCA®, a new compound recycled material made from underutilized resources such as waste wood and waste plastic. Delivering excellent strength and safety while maintaining the texture of wood, ECOROCA® is used as decking material, louver material, and wall material at various sites, mainly public facilities.
Electricity
NV (Metal Surface Treatment)
Air Water provides unique metal surface solutions such as NV nitriding, which provides a high- performance nitrided layer on metal surfaces with strong nitriding power and control technology, and Pionite, which increases the hardness of stainless steel without compromising corrosion resistance.
   vast amount of electricity in its manufacturing processes. In order to
SiC
Air Water has developed its own SiC substrate for products such as power semiconductors and super luminosity LEDs, and has begun supplying substrates to domestic and international customers. Air Water successfully established a technology for large-diameter substrates of up to eight inches and mass-produced the substrates, which are deemed the most suitable for the growth of GaN (gallium nitride).
      Woody biomass and coal co-fired
power generation
Generation capacity: approx. 112,000 kW (Start of operation scheduled for July 2019)
Completion image
Woody biomass mono-fired
power generation
Generation capacity: approx. 75,000 kW (Start of operation scheduled for April 2021)
Completion image
Woody biomass mono-fired
power generation
Generation capacity: approx. 30,000 kW (Start of operation scheduled for first half of 2020)
33 AIR WATER REPORT 2018