Safety and Health Promotion Activities
   Foundation for Employees' Safety and HealthActivities Safety and Health Activities
The safety manager meetings and health manager meetings attended by general managers, safety managers, health managers, general affairs managers, and relevant directors play an important role in deciding annual goals. In accordance with these goals, each production site decides the annual safety and health plans.
Safety and HealthTargets in FY 2020
Stress Check Follow-up
In fiscal 2019, 3,874 employees including those of our group companies underwent a stress check. This is an opportunity for employees to gain an understanding of their stress levels and work on maintaining their bodies and minds. In addition, the results are analyzed to select workplaces that need improvements. Improvement activities such as interviews with all employees and meetings with managers were performed by external counselors.
    Support for employees with high stress
Support for workplaces follow-up assessedtohavehighoverall
health risks
In fiscal 2019, we focused on training managers and conducted staff praise training and mental toughness training. One hundred and six managers at
all domestic sites except Technology Center have completed the course and are applying it to their daily work.
As a result of these improvement activities, the overall health risk and the proportion of people with high stress decreased when compared to fiscal 2018.
If self-care is difficult, a health nurse will counsel the individual.
The nurse will assess the cause and symptoms of stress and work together for solutions.
Individual
follow-upOccupational SafetyZero accidents at workOccupational HealthZero accidents involving chemical substancesTraffic SafetyZero accidents during commuting and when driving vehicles at workEquipment MaintenanceZero accidents due to repair failures, inspection failures, or maintenance failures      Workplace
Counseling workplace members Workplace improvement Follow-up training
Interviews will be held with all the members in the relevant department to identify the cause of stress and propose solutions.
Managers of the relevant department will gather to share problems and make improvement plans.
We conduct trainings for learning how to control stress and how to praise subordinates.
     Utilization of Telework
Telework has been introduced as a measure against the novel coronavirus, and in
principle, employees in group companies in areas where there is a high risk of infection continue to telework. Furthermore, to change from "unavoidable teleworking" to "business innovation by active teleworking", a teleworking review committee has been organized. Even after the novel coronavirus is suppressed,
we will strategically utilize the advantages of teleworking and aim to realize diverse and efficient work styles.
Follow-up training
   Launch of Walking Event
This event is organized by the health nurse with the aim of countering the lack of exercise among employees. Participants in this event are lent a pedometer so that they can get into the habit of enjoying walking while keeping track of the number of steps they take each day. A total of 165 people participated in this year's event and competed against each other to keep themselves healthy. As a result, the number of participants significantly exceeded last year's record number, and the number of those who achieved the "average of 10,000 steps per day" recommended by the health nurse increased. Awards were given to the top performers, and the event was also used as an opportunity for staff to communicate in addition to improving their health.
Healthy Company Declaration
SANYO DENKI announced initiatives to boost employees' health throughout the company to be recognized as a Healthy Company.
In August 2018, we were certified as a "Silver" Healthy Company.
  33
34