    Personnel Training and Support for Next Generation
     Realizing a Comfortable Workplace for
All Employees and the Next Generation
Respecting employee diversity and fostering human resources who will lead the next generation.
Our training includes three main pillars: "grade-based training programs" to help employees recognize the expected roles and activities of each professional qualification and to support them to demonstrate their abilities above the required levels, "career-based training programs" that is dedicated to specific occupations such as sales and design, and "department-based training programs" to help employees acquire special knowledge specific to their divisions. These training programs support employees who are striving to develop their own abilities and trying to grow.
2nd year training 1st year training New employee
training
Action Policy Based on the Japanese Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children
As a company that contributes to society, the SANYO DENKI Group is engaged in supporting the cultivation of the next generation.
We formulated an action plan with the aim of creating a comfortable work environment enabling all employees to work while raising children.
Go1als
To enhance awareness in the workplace regarding support for childcare and nursing care.
For Next Generation
 For Employees
2 3 4
To promote consultations regarding health management and work considerations for employees who are pregnant or have returned from maternity leave.
To promote the use of childcare leave and reduced working hour systems enabling employees to actively participate in childcare.
To enhance internship programs for young people and encourage factory tours involving children from the local community.GradeDirectorGeneral managerManagerSupervisorTeam leaderNew employees
   Grade-based training programs
Career-based training programs
Department-based training programs
        Various Initiatives
Kurumin Mark
SANYO DENKI is moving ahead with an eye on realizing the objectives of the Japanese Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children, i.e., helping build a society in which the children of the next generation are born and raised in good health. That includes enhancing the work environment and conditions for its employees so they can do their jobs with peace of mind as they maintain a healthy balance between work and family life. Pursuant to this act, in July 2016 the company was awarded a certificate (known as Kurumin) in recognition of the excellent childcare support it provides to employees.
Support for Employees Balancing Work and Eldercare
Semiannual briefing sessions are held for pregnant employees, those who will be providing nursing care for family members, as well as those juggling work and child or family care responsibilities. The session is designed to provide these employees with information about laws related to childbirth, child rearing, and family nursing care, relevant employee rules and regulations, health insurance benefits, and so on.
Factory Tours
We hold parent-child factory tours for local elementary school students and their parents in Ueda City in Nagano Prefecture, where our factory is located.
This factory tour is a program where participants experience assembling the cooling fans manufactured at the factory in addition to touring the production lines. The purpose is to make participants interested in manufacturing by actually creating products.
Internships
We offer internship programs at our factories in Japan and overseas. This year, in our first attempt, we held a six-month internship
for university students to experience a series of manufacturing processes, from design to production and quality control.
             Management Training
                      OJT trainer training
                            Thoughts of theTrainer Manager of Sect. 1, General Affairs Dept.Toru Senoo
     We have more practical training programs that incorporate many discussions and role-playing activities. We also reviewed the curriculum. As a new initiative, we introduced "training for newly promoted employees" to further strengthen the skills of young and mid-level employees.
Recently, we have also been actively working on online training. All new employee training sessions held in April 2020 were conducted online. With the introduction of online training sessions, the participation rate of group company employees, who previously had difficulty in participating due to mobility issues, has increased. We will continue to incorporate the most appropriate training programs that meet requirements.
Human resource development is essential for the company to grow in the future. We hope that the training will not only help our employees to acquire new knowledge, but also serve as a bridge to improve their skills.       35
36
 