Intellectual Capital Progress of Innovative Medicine Creation in Oncology Area 16types of cancer 12million people
Number of patients with cancer globally to whom Eisai may be able to contribute through our products and projects under development
  ■ SWOT Analysis
 Strengths
1.Capability to develop in-house products based on experience and knowledge of medicine creation with human biology evidence as a pillar
2.Capability in research and development based on cutting- edge organic synthesis chemistry, which was utilized in the development of Halaven®
3.Contribution to patients by establishing standard of care through steady progress in development of combination therapy of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA®
4.Fulfilling unmet medical needs through strategic partnership that enables creation of new value
5.Progress in the development of projects following Halaven® and Lenvima® targeting cancer microenvironment that is existing- therapy-resistant and immunosuppressive, and cancer driver genes, such as E7386, MORAb-202, E7130, and H3B-6545
■ Lenvima®: Progress of Partnership Model
1.Steady progress of collaboration and expansion of revenue
Eisai and Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. agreed upon a global strategic collaboration for Lenvima® in March 2018. The co-commercialization is currently progressing smoothly in 18 countries as of June 2020 and revenue forecast of over 150 billion is expected in fiscal 2020.
Since collaboration started, Eisai has recognized accumulated total of 1,625 million USD payment from Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. including up-front, one-time option, and milestone payment. Besides, in fiscal 2017, Eisai has received 450 million USD as reimbursement of research and development expenditure, separately from milestone payment.
●Revenue of Lenvima® (Billions of yen)
Weaknesses
1.Insufficient variety of products for specific cancer types 2.Initiatives to provide innovative treatment methods aiming for
the curing of cancer are still in non-clinical stage
 Opportunities
1.Expansion of oncology market along with creation of high- value-added agents and economic growth in developing/ emerging countries
2.Transformation of treatment system along with innovation in technology for diagnosis and artificial intelligence (AI)
 Threats
1.Authority’s approvals for competitive treatments
2.Innovative competitive treatments entering the market 3.Increasing pressure to lower drug prices to reduce healthcare
expenditure
4.Delay in development of medicines due to pandemic■Americas ■China ■EMEA ■Japan ■Asia/Latin America
111.9B JPY
179% YoY
fiscal 2019 results
158.0B JPY
141% YoY
  62.6B JPY
3.1 8.0 4.0
fiscal 2018 results
4.8
6.0
68.0
13.1
101.037.510.0
 19.0
 13.3
 17.0
  15.0
 12.7
     fiscal 2020 forecast
●Recognition of payments under agreement with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A.Maximum of up to 5.76 billion USD in total (approx. 611.0 billion JPY*)
▶ One-time payment: 950 million USD (approx. 101.0 billion JPY)
・Upfront payment: 300 million USD (approx. 32.0 billion JPY)
・One-time option payments associated with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. exercising certain option rights: 650 million USD (approx.
69.0 billion JPY)
▶ Reimbursement for R&D payment: 450 million USD (approx. 48.0 billion JPY)
The deposits will be withdrawn as Eisai’s share of the R&D expenses concerning Lenvima® occurs, and then booked as the reversal of R&D expenses. ▶ Milestone payments: Maximum of up to 4.36 billion USD in total (approx. 462.0 billion JPY)
・Clinical and regulatory milestones: Up to 385 million USD (approx. 41.0 billion JPY) regulatory approval of indications in hepatocellular carcinoma or renal cell carcinoma, etc.
・Milestones associated with sales of Lenvima®: Maximum of up to 3.97 billion USD (approx. 421.0 billion JPY) *1 USD=106 JPY
35
●Recognized planned milestone payments
 One-time payment
(Total 950 million USD)
Clinical and regulatory milestone
(Maximum of up to 385 million USD)
Sales-based milestone
(Maximum of up to 3.97 billion USD)
 Up-front payment (Fiscal 2017)
 300 million USD
 Approval of hepatocellular carcinoma indication in Japan
(Fiscal 2017)
 25 million USD
 When revenue of 500 million USD was achieved in fiscal 2018
 50 million USD
 One-time option payment (Fiscal 2018)
 325 million USD
 Approval of hepatocellular carcinoma indication in the U.S.
(Fiscal 2018)
 125 million USD
 When revenue of 800 million USD was achieved from January to December 2019
 150 million USD
 One-time option payment (Fiscal 2019)
  200 million USD
  Approval of hepatocellular carcinoma indication in Europe
(Fiscal 2018)
  50 million USD
  When revenue of 750 million USD was achieved in fiscal 2019
  150 million USD
 Approval of reimbursement for hepatocellular carcinoma indication in Europe (Fiscal 2018)
25 million USD
When revenue of 1 billion USD was achieved in fiscal 2019
200 million USD
     Approval of hepatocellular carcinoma indication in China
(Fiscal 2018)
  25 million USD
      Total receipts 1,625 million USD
  Received 450 million USD in fiscal 2017, as a reimbursement for research and development expenses
2. Obtained first approval for the combination therapy of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® for the treatment of endometrial carcinoma*1
In September 2019, the first combination therapy of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® was approved and launched in the U.S. for the treatment of endometrial carcinoma.This is the first new treatment option in approximately 50 years since the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) last approved existing treatment. This is an accelerated approval reviewed for three monthsundertheFDA’sReal-TimeOncologyReview (RTOR*2) pilot program.
In addition, this review was the first case conducted under Project Orbis, an initiative of the FDA Oncology
3. Clinical studies aimed at obtaining approvals for additional indications are steadily ongoing (LEAP study)
Center of Excellence. Project Orbis provides a framework for concurrent submission and review of oncology drugs among its international partners. Under this project, the FDA, the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) and Health Canada collaboratively reviewed applications for two oncology drugs, allowing for simultaneous decisions in all three countries.
 Large-scale later stage clinical studies for combination therapy of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® are ongoing with approximately 8,200 patients with 13 types of cancer. In addition to 13 studies, which were originally planned at the time of signing the agreement for strategic partnership with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., further expansion of target indication is underway, such as initiating a new study for hepatocellular carcinoma in
combination with TACE*. Eisai is aiming for this
combination therapy to be a core therapy by obtaining
indication in multiple types of cancer. Furthermore, we
plan to accelerate development, once promising data for
earlier submission is observed in basket trial, a study
PhaseIIstage targeting multiple types of cancer.
* Transcatheter Arterial Chemoembolization: A therapy that selectively obstructs blood circulation to induce necrosis in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) by injecting embolization material into the hepatic artery that supplies nutrient blood to tumor
●Approved indications for Lenvima® and further expansion of target indications in combination with KEYTRUDA®
 Approved indications
Thyroid cancer 1L
Monotherapy Approved in over 65 countries
Renal cell carcinoma 2L
In combination with everolimus Approved in over 55 countries
Hepatocellular carcinoma 1L
Monotherapy Approved in over 60 countries
Endometrial carcinoma
In combination with KEYTRUDA® Approved in the U.S., Australia, Canada, and others 1L: First line, 2L: Second line  
14 clinical studies for additional indications in combination with KEYTRUDA®
     Renal cell carcinoma 1L
   Hepatocellular carcinoma 1L
Non-small cell lung cancer 1L Non-squamous cell carcinoma Combination with chemotherapy
Urothelial carcinoma 1L
Hepatocellular carcinoma 1L Combination with TACE
Endometrial carcinoma 1L
Melanoma 1L
Non-small cell lung cancer 1L
PD-L1 positive
Head and neck cancer 1L
Endometrial carcinoma 2L
Melanoma 2L
Non-small cell lung cancer 2L
Head and neck cancer 2L
           Basket trial in multiple cancer types
Triple-negative breast cancer, gastric caner, ovarian cancer, colorectal cancer, glioblastoma, and biliary tract cancer
36
Eisai Integrated Report 2020
*1 Advancedendometrialcarcinomathatisnotmicrosatelliteinstabilityhigh(MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR), who have disease progression following prior systemic therapy and are not candidates for curative surgery or radiation
*2 The FDA’s Real-Time Oncology Review (RTOR) pilot program aims to improve the efficiency of the review process for applications to ensure that treatments are available to patients as early as possible. RTOR allows the FDA to review much of the data earlier, before the applicant formally submits the complete application.
Company Introduction Management Strategies Value Creation Activities Financial Base Initiatives to Enhance Non-Financial Capital Appendix

 Major mechanism of efficacy of anti-PD-1 antibody enhanced by Lenvima® (Non-clinical studies)
Studies showed that antitumor activity of the anti-PD-1 antibody was enhanced with Lenvima® by reducing tumor-associated macrophages (TAM) and increasing activated cytotoxic T cells, which attack cancer cells.
  ■Self-protection of cancer cells against cytotoxic T cells
PD-1
Weakened Cytotoxic Cancer attack T cells
cells
To protect themselves, cancer cells inhibit the action of cytotoxic T cells attacking cancer cells through the binding between PD-1 and PD-L1
■The work of anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-1
Attack
Cytotoxic T cells
The anti-PD-1 antibody releases the brake on the cytotoxic T cells by inhibiting the binding between PD-1and PD-L1, which results in attacking the cancer cells
 PD-L1
  Anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-L1
■The mechanism of tumor associated macrophages
Tumor associated macrophages
Inhibits action
Anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-L1
Cancer Weakened cells attack
PD-1
Cytotoxic T cells
Tumor associated macrophages are cells that cancer cells activate to protect themselves and inhibit the attack of cytotoxic T cells
■The mechanism of Lenvima®
 Anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-L1
Cancer cells
Attack more strongly
PD-1
Cytotoxic T cells
Tumor associated macrophages
Inhibits action
Lenvima®
  Cancer cells
 Lenvima® activates cytotoxic T cells by inhibiting the action of tumor associated macrophages, which results in attacking the cancer cells more strongly
 Honored with PSJ Award for Drug Research and Development
“Drug discovery research of novel anti-tumor agent Lenvima® targeting VEGF and FGF receptors” was honored with
The Pharmaceutical Society of Japan (PSJ) Award for Drug Research and Development 2020. The PSJ Award for Drug Research and Development is one of a series of awards presented by the PSJ and is dedicated to researchers who
have conducted outstanding research work that has contributed to medicine through the innovative development of a pharmaceutical drug or applicable technology related to the pharmaceutical sciences. Award recipients are evaluated based on the ingenuity of the research itself as well as the effectiveness and safety of the related pharmaceutical products or the innovativeness of the related medical treatment or treatment technology.
■ Drug Creation Strategy Based on Progression of Cancer (Cancer Continuum) and Gene Mutation
The progression of cancer is classified as precancerous condition/ultra-early cancer, early cancer, and advanced cancer. At each stage, cancer gene alteration that correspond to canceration, proliferation, infiltration or recurrence, metastasis, treatment resistance and so on, exists. Next-generation drug discovery research strategy is aimed at curing cancer by grasping these alterations through liquid biopsy (a biological test using blood as a sample), leading to the development of
precision medicine suitable for each patient.
In January 2020, Eisai entered into a joint research
and development agreement with Personal Genome Diagnostics Inc. (U.S.) for cancer genetics panel test. In this joint research and development, we utilize liquid biopsy to create a cancer gene panel test kit that enables comprehensive analysis of alterations in more than 500 cancer genes, and utilizes them for drug discovery.
1. Drug discovery for precancerous condition/ultra-early cancer stage
Induction of neoantigen*1
H3 Biomedicine Inc. (H3B), our precision medicine
research and development subsidiary based in Boston,
U.S., and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (U.S.) are
collaborating in research to advance novel therapeutics
*2
neoantigens in specific cancer cells through antibody- drug conjugate (ADC) using splicing modulator, and increase the reactivity of immuno-checkpoint inhibitors.
*1 A mutant antigen born along with cancer cell-specific genetic information and editing abnormalities. It is not expressed in normal cells, but only found in cancer cells. The more neoantigens cancer cells contain, the more immunogenicity is observed, and the greater the likelihood of becoming a target of immune cell attacks.
*2 Molecular editing to remove unnecessary parts from genetic information
leveraging H3B’s RNA splicing platform. The two companies are conducting research to induce
37

●Drug creation strategy based on progression of cancer (Cancer Continuum) and gene mutationLiquid biopsy
Precancerous condition/ultra-early cancer Early cancer
Advanced cancer
  Canceration/proliferation/gene alteration associated with infiltration
Recurrence/metastasis/gene alteration associated with treatment resistance
 Induction of neoantigen (Splicing modulator) Modulation of Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway (E7386)
Targeting cancer microenvironment that is immunosuppressive
ERα inhibitor targeting existing-therapy-resistance by covalent inhibition
Establish as standard of therapy by leveraging immunomodulatory activity of Lenvima®
Enhance response to tumor immunity
Targeting cell population that has initial gene mutation in canceration
Tumor vessel remodeling, tumor stroma improvement (MORAb-202, liposomal formulation of eribulin, and E7130)
ERα(H3B-6545) Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA®
     Aim at curing cancer by understanding individual cancer evolution
from “precancerous condition/ultra-early cancer” stage to “advanced cancer” stage by creation of precision medicineWNT/beta-catenin inhibitor investigational E7386* Beta-catenin has long been known to be a factor that rapidly accelerates the malignancy of cancer. Due to
the high difficulty of drug discovery, which requires
drug design to inhibit protein-protein interactions, it was made a part of the drug discovery target known as Cancer Big 4, along with K-RAS variants, MYC, and p53 variants. By utilizing the drug discovery chemical capability accumulated through experience to date, Eisai successfully developed an oral agent, investigational E7386, which inhibits WNT-signal- dependent canceration and cancer cell proliferation,
* Co-development with PRISM BioLab Co., Ltd. Platform originated from in-house developed Halaven®
by blocking transcription through inhibiting protein- protein interactions of CBP andβ-catenin. PhaseI study is ongoing for this agent. Abnormalities in WNT/β -catenin signaling pathways have been observed in various types of cancer. Since this abnormality is observed particularly from the early stage of occurrence of hepatocellular carcinoma, E7386 is expected to be a treatment for early hepatocellular carcinoma. Also, in non-clinical studies, a combination effect of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® has been confirmed, and a PhaseItrial in combination with Lenvima® is ongoing.2. Drug discovery for early to advanced cancer
Halaven® (generic name: eribulin) is an in-house microtubule dynamics inhibitor, which was developed as a result of Eisai’s remarkable capability in synthetic chemistry. The origin of medicine creation of Halaven® is halichondrin B, which showed strong antitumor substances, extracted from Halichondria okadai of marine organism. Development of new drugs is underway utilizing assets obtained from development of this innovative product, Halaven®.
MORAb-202, which conjugated eribulin to an antibody via a suitable linker, is Eisai’s unique ADC, which conjugated the in-house developed anti-folate receptorα antibody, farletuzumab and eribulin that acts to the tumor
microenvironment, and PhaseIstudy is ongoing. This agent is expected to show efficacy in cancers such as ovarian cancer that overexpresses folate receptor α, and in tumor microenvironment, and to demonstrate anti- tumor activity.
In addition to MORAb-202, we have a platform originated from eribulin, that is targeted at existing- therapy-resistance and tumor immunosuppressive cancer microenvironments. It includes a liposomal formulation designed to increase the accumulation of cancer by encapsulating eribulin in lipids, and investigational E7130, a total synthetic medium molecular compound halichondrin B, and so on.
Selective estrogen receptor alpha covalent antagonist investigational H3B-6545
Investigational H3B-6545 is an oral ER receptorα covalent antagonist developed by H3B, and PhaseII study is ongoing in this agent. Hormone receptor positive breast cancer accounts for about 70% of all breast cancers. Through the long-term usage of aromatase inhibitors, one of the hormone treatments, a drug-resistant ERα gene mutations occurs in about 30% of hormone-positive breast cancer.
Investigational H3B-6545 has a new drug profile different from existing ones that covalently binds to both wild-type and mutant ERα, to inhibit downstream signals and suppress the growth of breast cancer cells. Therefore, this agent is expected to become an agent that can be administrated by the patients with hormone receptor positives for a longer period.
38
Eisai Integrated Report 2020