Social and Relationship Capital Strategic Partnerships Number of partnerships 55
Aim to generate societal innovation and maximize contribution to patients, together with partners
Kazumasa Nagayama
Corporate Officer, Chief Strategy Officer
  Q Can you discuss the objectives of Eisai’s partnership strategy?
A. In order to deliver innovative medicines and solutions to patients and their families as early as possible, we believe that partnerships with companies and research institutes who share strengths in the areas or fields we focus on can potentially help us achieve goals that we would not be able to achieve on our own.
Investing large amounts of resources over the years is often required to develop new medicines; therefore, we believe that partnerships are very important for us to continuously develop innovative medicines and provide solutions that fulfill patients’ unmet needs.
Our collaboration with Biogen Inc. (U.S.), which began in 2014 and the collaboration with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. (known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada), which began in 2018 will bring significant impact in the areas of Alzheimer’s disease and oncology, respectively, which we are focused on. Thanks to these partnerships, the global development
of potential next-generation dementia treatments is steadily progressing, and the development of combination therapy of Lenvima® (lenvatinib), an in- house developed anticancer agent, and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., is progressing faster in a broad range of cancer types than the original plan and will help maximize the value of Lenvima®.
As regards the development of solutions, we entered into a business alliance agreement with Cogstate Ltd. (Australia) in August 2019, as well as launching “NouKNOWTM,” a digital tool for self-assessment of brain health, on March 31, 2020 in Japan.
All of these partnerships have helped us create value that we could not have achieved on our own, and we aim to transform medical innovation into societal innovation through our partnership model.
Q How would you evaluate the progress of the partnership strategy so far?
A. While there are certainly some challenges in the process of building partnerships and working together with the partners, I believe the results have exceeded our expectations.
As regards the development of potential next- generation dementia treatments, while many major pharmaceutical companies have discontinued the development, with regard to aducanumab, which we co-develop with Biogen Inc., Biogen has completed the Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in July 2020.
Furthermore, the launch readiness for a potential first therapy to realize clinical decline in Alzheimer’s disease is also progressing. I believe this has proven to be a successful example of the partnership model.
In the collaboration with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., co-development of combination therapy of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA® has progressed in multiple types of cancers, and this may dramatically expand the scope of patient contribution that Lenvima® can make.
Q What are the efforts you have put in place to operate partnerships between the companies?
A. In partnerships with Biogen Inc. and Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., our CEO closely communicates with each company’s CEO on a regular basis. In addition, the decision-making process has dramatically improved by establishing committees
focusing on development, manufacturing, and commercialization functions, as well as regularly holding in-depth discussions.
I feel that identifying the departments that should work together, in accordance with the differences in the
43
organizational structure among the companies, has worked effectively in helping us make quick decisions.
While there may be a variety of issues to discuss between the companies in project that are currently in progress, if we go back to the common goal of “serving the best interests of our patients” and carry on
discussions, a mutual trust can be built.
It is obvious that working in close communication
and building trust is essential to operate partnerships smoothly. However, the actual process of resolving difficulties and producing positive results together with the partners has helped us to acquire valuable expertise.
Q What do you have in mind for any new potential partnerships?
A. To realize our corporate philosophy “hhc” and the medium-term business plan, ‘EWAY 2025,’ we are constantly seeking partners who have strengths in areas we do not have, and have common interests addressing issues that we believe need to be solved.
We continue to build our global investment business by recently establishing the Corporate Venture Investment (CVI) department in Tokyo in May 2019, as well as Eisai Innovation, Inc. in the U.S. in August 2019. Our focus is not on pursuing profits from investments, but on incorporating external innovations into our business.
Since we seek synergy between in-house research and development and the provision of solutions to
patients, we will continue to invest in companies who possess technologies that will be a foundation of drug discovery and diagnostics related to neurology and oncology drugs, as well as solutions, such as digital technologies, other than drug development.
We will continue to invest to build upon Eisai’s ecosystem that focuses on making a contribution to patients’ well-being. Various approaches will be considered, including intervention at an earlier stage of the disease, prediction of the progress of the clinical condition, and related services. We aim to contribute to the creation of societal innovation and increase the positive contribution that we make to patients.Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A.’s Statement on Collaboration with Eisai
We value our collaboration with Eisai as an excellent example of what can be achieved when two companies work together toward a common goal — in this case, to improve outcomes for patients with cancer. With extensive oncology experience across both companies, we have initiated a broad clinical development program evaluating the combination of KEYTRUDA® plus Lenvima® across many types of cancer, including several registrational Phase IIItrials. Our joint efforts have already resulted in the first FDA approval for the combination in 2019, addressing a significant unmet medical need for certain patients with endometrial carcinoma. We look forward to pursuing additional indications for the KEYTRUDA® plus Lenvima® combination in the coming years and are excited by its potential to help even more patients.
Rick Hartz
Vice President, Commercial Development
 Biogen Inc.’s Statement on Collaboration with Eisai
Biogen Inc. and Eisai share a commitment to science and a common vision to deliver breakthrough therapies for patients and families affected by Alzheimer’s disease. This historic collaboration has allowed us to leverage the complementary forces of our organizations to share risk and to create potentially more value together than each company alone. The commitment both companies share to address the urgency in Alzheimer’s disease is exemplified by the rapport between the CEOs and the attention and leadership they provide to this collaboration. It requires time and effort to make this collaboration manageable and, despite the time zone challenges, our joint teams are dedicated to bridging the complexities. The success of this partnership comes from the trust and mutual understanding our teams have built and the shared underlying passion to make a difference for Alzheimer’s patients. We are optimistic about aducanumab, which promises to become the first therapy to reduce the clinical decline in Alzheimer’s disease, and which has completed the regulatory filling in the U.S. Looking ahead, we are committed to advancing our portfolio of potential Alzheimer’s therapies and the co-promotion of Multiple Sclerosis treatments.
Satbir Kaur
Vice President,
Head of Alliance Management and Integration
 44
Eisai Integrated Report 2020