Social and Relationship Capital Improving Access to Medicines (ATM)
  28 countries 1.99 billion tablets
Number of countries supplied with lymphatic filariasis treatment DEC tablets and volume supplied (as of March 2020)
  “We want to deliver as many necessary medicines as possible and nurture hope in as many people as possible.” Putting This Wish into Mind, Eisai is Engaged in Activities for Improving ATM in Developing and Emerging Countries.
■ Contributing the Achievement of SDGs through the Initiatives for ATM
Eisai is engaged in activities for improving ATM with the aim of ensuring that people in developing and emerging countries receive the medicines they need. ATM is a basic need for all people regardless of nationality, economic disparities or social standing. Today, approximately 2 billion* people around the world do not have adequate access to medicines, most of whom are the poor in developing and emerging countries who also lack proper information about health and diseases.
Eisai believes that improving ATM in developing and
emerging countries is a long-term investment that will support the health of the people living in these countries and ultimately lead to the future growth of these nations as a whole. Eisai utilizes many methods including supply of products at affordable prices as well as public-private partnerships, as it continues to implement various ATM initiatives through its unique business models.
* Source: Access to Medicine Index
▶ https://accesstomedicinefoundation.org/
■ Efforts to Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis: Supplying DEC Tablets and Implementing Awareness-Raising Activities
Lymphatic filariasis (LF) is a neglected tropical disease (NTD) transmitted to humans via carrier mosquitoes. It is estimated that approximately 893 million people worldwide, mainly those in developing countries, are exposed to the risk of LF.
The World Health Organization (WHO) conducts mass drug administrations (MDAs) in endemic areas in order to eliminate LF. Eisai is committed to supplying diethylcarbamazine (DEC) tablets, one of the three types of LF medicines used in the MDAs, to LF endemic countries that need DEC until LF is eliminated in these countries.
In 2013, Eisai obtained WHO prequalification for DEC tablets and commenced production at its Vizag Plant in India. Since then, Eisai has provided 1.99 billion DEC tablets to 28 endemic countries through the WHO’s elimination program (as of March 2020). Furthermore, to support the smooth implementation of the WHO’s MDA programs, Eisai is engaging in initiatives to raise public awareness of LF in endemic areas. In order to eliminate LF as early as possible, staff members of Eisai’s local subsidiaries cooperate with the relevant representatives in endemic countries, prepare and distribute leaflets in the local languages on the prevention and treatment of LF, and support implementation of MDA in endemic countries. For example, since 2015, during MDA programs by Ministry of Public Health and NGOs for LF elimination in Indonesia, Eisai staff members have socialized with LF patients, held workshops, and raised awareness about LF in collaboration with students from the Faculty of Medicine as well as the Master’s Program of Public Health in Gadjah Mada University.
Eisai employees at Vizag Plant socializing with LF patient
 ●Cumulative quantity of DEC tablets supplied and the number of patients whose well-being has been contributed to
(100 million tablets)
(100 million people)
19.9
8.0
  Cumulative quantity of tablets supplied Number of patients helped
16.6
  15
10 5
  5
0.1
2.8
2.4
6.0
13.5 9.7 5.4
6.7
  3.9
 1.1
0 0.1
Endof Endof Endof Endof Endof Endof Endof
fiscal 2013 fiscal 2014 fiscal 2015 fiscal 2016 fiscal 2017 fiscal 2018 fiscal 2019
0
 * The number of patients helped is an estimated value, which is converted from the cumulative quantity of tablets supplied based on the assumption that an average of 2.5 tablets is taken per capita in accordance with the WHO’s definitions.
65
 ■ Introduction of Eisai’s Efforts to Improve Access to Medicines in the Encyclopedia Britannica’s Digital Library “School Edition” for Elementary and Junior High School Children
Encyclopedia Britannica has been known as the world standard in knowledge since 1768. Britannica Japan’s “School Edition” is a digital library consisting of abundant multimedia contents based on the encyclopedia. This library supports Japanese elementary and junior high school children’s research for study and discussion. Eisai’s initiatives to improve access to medicines have been introduced as an example of a company engaged in “support for providing medicines in developing countries” under the discussion theme of “What kind of international cooperation activities should Japan do in particular?” in the “Let’s deepen our thinking together!” column. This is the first time that the efforts of a pharmaceutical company have been featured in the “School Edition.”
The article highlighted Eisai’s mission and long-term initiatives to contribute to patients around the world, in addition to the effects of Eisai’s specific activities such as the free provision of DEC tablets for LF, local activities for raising awareness, and support for mass drug administration.
■ 10 years of Progress toward LF Elimination
In November 2010, Eisai agreed to provide the WHO with a total of 2.2 billion DEC tablets free of charge by 2020. In 2012, Eisai was the only Japanese company to participate in the “London Declaration,” the largest public-private partnership in the field of global health to eliminate 10 NTDs.
Eisai started the development of DEC tablets in 2010 and received prequalification from the WHO in 2013. Since obtaining prequalification, Eisai has been manufacturing and supplying the DEC tablets from its Vizag Plant in India. Eisai announced that it would continue to provide DEC tablets to endemic countries that need DEC until LF is eliminated in these countries, at the 5th Anniversary event of the London Declaration in April 2017. In addition, to commemorate the 5th Anniversary of the London Declaration, efforts by donor companies were officially acknowledged in the form of a Guinness World Record for “Most medication donated in 24 hours.” The total number of treatments was 207 million. This was accomplished thanks to the
■ R&D Initiatives for Improving Global Health
Eisai proactively undertakes research on pharmaceuticals for treating NTDs and for the three major infectious diseases (HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria).
These diseases strike people with low incomes in developing countries, causing them to leave work. This in turn leads to a negative cycle of poverty in which
Source: Britannica School Edition, Copyright: Britannica Japan Co., Ltd.
combined efforts of donor company drug production facilities, including Eisai’s Vizag Plant, as well as various NTDs elimination partners.
Eisai has created a short animation to commemorate the 10th anniversary of LF elimination activities in collaboration with global partners. Eisai will continue to collaborate with partners to contribute to LF patients and their families. Eisai will also introduce information about international cooperation activities and the challenges that need to be overcome in an easy to understand way.
Please watch the animation about Eisai’s LF elimination activities in 10 years
▶ https://www.eisai.com/sustainability/movie/index.html
people become incapacitated due to disease and become even poorer, and international efforts are called upon to tackle this significant global health issue. In response, Eisai is currently conducting various projects aimed at developing new treatments for Chagas disease, mycetoma, filariasis, and leishmaniasis as well
        66
Eisai Integrated Report 2020
Company Introduction Management Strategies Value Creation Activities Financial Base Initiatives to Enhance Non-Financial Capital Appendix

   as malaria and tuberculosis. Undertaking research activities for these diseases requires specific expertise, technologies and clinical study experience, in addition to networks with clinical facilities in endemic regions. For these reasons, Eisai is actively engaged in external collaborations such as partnerships with global research organizations, and is participating in international consortiums to share compound libraries, as Eisai seeks to develop new drugs for NTDs and the three major infectious diseases. Eisai aims to develop new drugs for fungal mycetoma, a highly neglected disease for which there is no effective treatment.
Currently, Eisai is conducting a PhaseII/IIIstudy of its in-house developed antifungal agent fosravuconazole (E1224) in partnership with the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi) in Sudan. Mycetoma is transmitted through pricks in the skin and causes large lesions that can spread to other parts of the body and cause severe disability. Since February 2019, in
cooperation with the international non-governmental organization Association for Aid and Relief, Japan (AAR Japan), Eisai has been implementing awareness activities about knowledge on mycetoma and the importance of early treatment, as well as initiatives that promote patients’ early diagnosis and treatment at medical institutions in Sudan, which is one of the countries where the disease is most prevalent. Eisai also commissioned AAR Japan to conduct patients’ medical awareness survey.
Malaria, which infects approximately 230 million people and kills more than 400 thousand people per year, is still a serious infectious disease. In recent years, resistance to existing drugs has been reported, and the development of new drugs has become an urgent task. Eisai is pursuing a PhaseIstudy with the aim of developing a new drug against malaria in partnership with the University of Kentucky in the United States and the Swiss non-profit Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV).
●NTDs / Infectious diseases research project portfolio (as of July 2020)
         Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs)
R&D Consortium for NTDs and 3 major infectious diseases
R&D Consortium for Pandemic and Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR)
WIPO Re:Search 17 Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator 19
COVID-19 Therapeutics Accelerator 21
NTD Drug Discovery Booster 18 TB Drug Accelerator 20
AMR Screening Consortium 22
Early research stage
Chagas vaccine (using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020) 1
Non-clinical
Chagas vaccine (using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020) 3
Clinical
    Chagas disease
E1224 Chagas Disease project (PhaseIIstudy) 4
 Screening of novel compounds 2
  Leishmaniasis
    Filariasis
AWZ1066S 5
   Mycetoma
E1224 Eumycetoma project (PhaseII/IIIstudy) 6
     Inhibitor of Plasmodium DHODH 7
BRD5018 10
SJ733 (PhaseIstudy) 15
   3 Major Infectious Diseases
Malaria
Screening of novel compounds for malaria 8
E1511 11
 Malaria vaccine (using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020) 9
TLR9 antagonist
for cerebral malaria 12
 Novel compound for artemisinin resistant malaria 13
 SJ733 (IV) 14
   Tuberculosis
Inhibitor of Mycobacterium tryptophan synthase 16
            ■Main partners of the projects
1, 9, 12 Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz) (Brazil)
2, 4, 6,18 Drugs for Neglected Disease initiative (DNDi ) (Switzerland)
3 Sabin Vaccine Institute (U.S.)
5, 13 Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine (U.K.), University of Liverpool (U.K.) 7, 10 Broad Institute (U.S.), Medicines for Malaria Ventur(e MMV)(Switzerland) 8, 11 Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) (Switzerland)
14, 15 University of Kentucky (U.S.), Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) (Switzerland)
16 Broad Institute (U.S.), Colorado State University (U.S.), University of Chicago (U.S.)
17 World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) (Switzerland), BIO Ventures for Global Healt(h BVGH)
(U.S.)
19, 20, 21 Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (U.S.)
22 Global Antibiotic Research and Development Partnership (GARDP) (Switzerland)
Please visit the following link for details on projects ▶ https://www.eisai.com/sustainability/atm/research.html
■ Pricing Policy that Emphasizes Affordability
Eisai has formulated various flexible pricing policies that to purchase Eisai’s products at affordable prices.
enable patients in developing and emerging countries
67
Regarding Fycompa®, antiepileptic agent, and Aricept®,

a treatment for Alzheimer’s disease, we introduced a unique system in India, where in the past many patients have had to pay the full cost of medical expenses out-of-pocket. The treatments are provided for free to patients for a certain period of time, and a full-scale administration of the treatment is implemented once efficacy is confirmed. For antiepileptic agent Zonegran®, we have started a patient support program “Livefree” for patients who need financial support for long-term treatment in India in 2017. In this program, we provide various types of support and tools such as treatment
cost subsidies, free examinations, and disease management support for patients. In addition, Eisai has introduced tiered pricing, with the “Patient Access Program” for the anticancer agent Lenvima® in 8 Asian countries. In this model, co-payment is set at several tiers in accordance with the income level and health insurance availability of the patients, ranging from the full price to free of charge, depending on the conditions. During the four-year period, Lenvima® was supplied to approximately 2,400 patients cumulatively via tiered pricing.■ Enhancement of Corporate Value and Solutions to Social Issues through Initiatives for Improving ATM Input Output Outcome
      Intellectual capital
●Accumulation of knowledge from drug creation activities over many yearsHuman capital
●Employees’ strong motivation to contribute to patients’ well-being supported by the hhc philosophyProduction capital
●Utilization of the Vizag Plant in India for low-cost productionSocial and Relationship capital
●Economic growth in developing and emerging countries due to improvement of health and welfare, and increase in middle-income class
●Enhancement in the value of Eisai’s corporate brandHuman capital
●Improvement in employees’ skills and motivationFinancial capital
●Reduced cost of manufacturing due to increased operation rate at the Vizag Plant
●(Very long-term perspective) Profits created through businesses in developing and emerging countries●Supply of LF treatment DEC tablets free of charge
●Activities for raising awareness of lymphatic filariasis
●Supply of products based on affordable and tiered pricing strategies
     Social and Relationship capital
●Partnership with the WHO or international research institutionsFinancial capital
●Strong balance sheet
 For the purpose of facilitating the improvement of ATM, Eisai utilizes many different types of capital as input and converts them into many different forms of output (products and services), such as DEC tablets, through business activities. As a result, we pursue the creation of positive outcomes such as the improvement of health, welfare and economic growth by increasing the size of the middle-income populations in developing countries and emerging countries. Eisai also seeks to enhance the value of its corporate brand, improve employees’ skills and motivation, and reduce costs by increasing the operation rate of the Vizag Plant as
positive internal outcomes. Eisai believes that efforts to improve ATM will increase capital to an extent that is greater than the amount of input, through the creation of added value. Eisai’s initiatives for improving ATM go beyond the framework of CSR activities and aim at creating long-term value. Supplying DEC tablets free of charge will initially be a loss and thus negatively affect profits and ROE in the short term. However, from a very long-term perspective, we estimate that it will boost our net present value (NPV) to a positive level through the creation of the outcomes described above.■ Highly Evaluated Eisai’s Initiatives for Improving ATMThe Access to Medicine Foundation, an international non-profit organization which analyses how the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies are addressing access to medicine, biennially researches and publishes the Access to Medicine Index. In 2018, Eisai was ranked 8th, rising three places in the ranking from 11th in 2016. Among Eisai’s activities, Eisai’s continued commitment to combat NTDs was selected as the best practice.
In addition, Eisai has
been selected for the MSCI
Japan ESG Select Leaders
Index as a company with
outstanding ESG ratings, and has maintained an AA ranking in the ESG Index for 7 consecutive years since 2014. In this Index, the area of Access to Health Care was highlighted as one of Eisai’s strengths.
 68
Eisai Integrated Report 2020