Strategy for Talent Innovation
83 points Employees’ empathy toward Corporate Mission and Vision exceeded all industries’ average Result from Employee Engagement Survey “wevox” in May 2020
 Eisai’s strategy is to develop human resources who cultivate confidence and pride through proactive and challenging work, and voluntarily contribute to creation of new value with empathy toward corporate philosophy. We renewed the definition of global human resources who work on the global stage. We would like to form a borderless group of talents who can actively engage with people regardless of time difference or location, build trust, and continue to create innovation while adapting to changes. Toward this end, we will further promote reforms to create a better work environment so that diverse human resources can work actively, and realize a flexible work style.
■ Hiring and Training Digital Talent in ‘EWAY 2025’ FUTURE
Under the current medium-term business plan ‘EWAY 2025,’ we are promoting drug creation using digital technology which we call “5D (Data Driven Drug Discovery and Development) drug creation,” establishment of a dementia ecosystem platform, and enhancement of the link between daily living domain and medical domain using digital technology. In ‘EWAY FUTURE,’ the latter part of the 10-year business plan ‘EWAY 2025,’ the digital transformation will be in full- scale operation. We focus on fostering leaders who promote digital transformation, and increasing the digital literacy of employees. In addition, we will promote mid-career recruitment of digital talent such as data scientists and engineers, to prepare for the creation of new business models.
●The number of mid-career recruitment100 80 60 40 20 0
89
  16
fiscal 2016
2734
 fiscal 2017 fiscal 2018 fiscal 2019Voice of a Mid-Career Employee with Expertise in the Digital Field
Q Why did you decide to join Eisai?
A. Generating innovation through data science was one of the hottest areas in the IT industry in 2016, when I joined Eisai. At that time, I had responsibility for setting up a data science team. While gaining such experiences, I started to have a strong desire to “help people with the power of data,” then I found Eisai. I decided to join the company since I felt empathy toward Eisai’s vision of “contribute to patients’ well-being with data.”
Q What is your impression of the Company since you have joined?
Keishi Akada
hDAC 5D Integration Unit
 A. I felt the strong determination of the company to bring innovation with big data
and AI. I had opportunities to experience many challenging projects, including one
that was recognized and led to the invaluable experience of receiving an award directly from the CEO.
Q What do you hope to achieve at Eisai?
A. The pharmaceutical industry is facing the necessity to achieve discontinuous growth, utilizing data to create new drugs. This situation is the same as what I had expected before joining the company, and I am reaffirming my determination to realize self-innovation, and innovation in drug discovery, as well as innovation at Eisai.69
 ■ Fair Opportunities and Rewards
We offer various programs to support employees’ professional growth at every age and career stage. Employees can improve their abilities by actively taking advantage of such opportunities to achieve results. The remuneration and appointment system ensures that employees who have made substantial achievements are fairly rewarded regardless of their age. As a result, the number of employees in management who are in their 30s or younger is increasing every year.
■ Progress of Work Style Reform
We position the objectives of work style reform as
“realizing work styles that allow employees to maximize
their independence, and increase productivity by
improving engagement and maximizing output.” To do
so, we are promoting various initiatives. We are creating
an environment which enables employees to adopt work
styles that balance both life and work, in which each
employee’s life events and diverse values are accepted.
We also have introduced systems that offer a wider
choice of work styles from the perspective of supporting
employees to maximize their performance by balancing
work and childcare, nursing care, and illness.
For the details of positive work environment, please visit our website at
▶ https://www.eisai.com/sustainability/employee/environment/index.html On the other hand, we are taking extremely seriously
the fact that the Company underwent certification of a work-related accident in February 2019. In response to this, we have been pro-actively making efforts to eliminate long working hours, in line with the organizational or individual situations since March 2019. Currently, average monthly overtime hours per non-
●The number of employees in management who are in their 30s or younger
   196
206
 181
 fiscal 2018 fiscal 2019 fiscal 2020
■ Promoting Diversity in Human Resources (Acceleration of Diversity)
management employee are around 10 hours. We also manage working hours of managers and employees with deemed working hours and discretionary labor by monitoring “health management time,” which was introduced with the aim of securing employees’ health appropriately. The initiatives to eliminate long overtime work are making steady progress.
As our efforts to comply with the Act on the Arrangement of Related Acts to Promote Work Style Reform, which came into effect in 2019, we have implemented the following measures;
1) Revision of the “36 Agreement” to set the number of hours below the maximum time specified by law and unify it across all business establishments
2) Establishment of “interval hours”
Furthermore, as a next step in work style reform that goes beyond just reducing overtime work, we are considering a new work style making full use of digital technology. This will include how the ideal office environment should be, based on the lessons learned from the situations caused by COVID-19.
 Eisai believes that diversity is a source of innovation, and has developed a climate that allows employees with a wide range of values to carry out activities regardless of their nationality, gender, age or other characteristics, since the “Eisai Diversity Declaration” was issued in 2012.
Sharing of global values, and facilitation of participation and advancement of female employees in the workplace in Japan, were addressed as issues in promoting diversity.
As regards sharing of global values, we are fostering a sense of unity and human resource development across countries through the “E-GOLD program” led by the CEO, and the “E-ACE program” led by the CTO (Chief Talent Officer), which are selective development programs to develop global leaders across the regions and functions, and the international employee exchange program of “Global Mobility Program” within the Eisai
Group. Moreover, we are running the “Global Challenge Program” in the pharmaceutical business division in Japan, for selected employees who wish to work in an international setting in the future, to develop intercultural skills.
●The number of participants in “Global Challenge Program” (cumulative)
 100 80 60 40 20 0
95
  24
fiscal 2016
fiscal 2017
fiscal 2018
fiscal 2019
78 52
  70
Eisai Integrated Report 2020
Company Introduction Management Strategies Value Creation Activities Financial Base Initiatives to Enhance Non-Financial Capital Appendix

  Voice of an Employee with Foreign Nationality
Q Why did you decide to join Eisai?
A. I chose to work in the pharmaceutical industry since I wanted to take part in improving access to medicine. Attracted to the company’s strong determination to contribute to patients by creating medicine from scratch and proving them free of charge, and the ability to execute projects, I decided to join Eisai.
Q What is your impression of the Company since you have joined? A. My workplace has a culture that encourages challenges and allows a new
Wei Wang
 employee to take on important tasks. I learned a great deal while feeling nervous in
the first year at Eisai, such as when I was assigned as a contact point for the
diethylcarbamazine (DEC) tablets provision program, I held telephone conferences
with colleagues in India and the U.K., and gave a presentation at a conference in front of executives including the CEO, and external advisors. I would like to contribute to the elimination of LF, by working closely with the World Health Organization (WHO) and internal personnel to steadily deliver DEC tablets to those who are in need.
Q What do you hope to achieve at Eisai?
A. I have learned from my current assignments that issues of access to medicine cannot be solved fundamentally just by the provision of medicine. Under the ownership of the governments of each country, maintenance of the environment of local areas and disease awareness are also essential. In the future, I would like to contribute to the development of developing countries through improving sustainable healthcare standards, by formulating strategies that meet the needs of those countries.
Sustainability Department
  Voice of an Employee who Applied for Talent Development Programs
Q Which talent development program did you use?
A. I used “Job Challenge,” which was recruited for internally. As a medical representative (MR), I was taking pride in handling our global products, and started to have a strong interest in overseas business through an opportunity to take part in the “Global Challenge Program” at our Thai subsidiary. This experience led to me moving from being an MR to taking up my current duties as a result of internal transfer.
Q Has your motivation changed through participation in the program?
 Kiyoto Miyamori
Asia and Latin America Region Department
A. I am currently in charge of management operations in countries in the Asia and Latin America Region (ALA), mainly South Korea and Malaysia. By expanding new products in the market and realizing affordable pricing, I would like to take initiatives to achieve a further contribution to patients’ well-being.
A. Through the internal training program at our Thai subsidiary, I saw treatment
disparities in Asian countries, and started to have a strong desire to solve this,
which prompted me to apply for “Job Challenge.” This has led to me having great motivation for my current duties. I feel joy when working to realize “hhc” through engaging in a wide range of duties from business management to business development.
Q What do you hope to achieve at Eisai?
 71

As regards the facilitation of the
participation and advancement of
female employees in the
workplace, we have been
continuously working to encourage
female employees to take on
challenges to become leaders or
managers. Such initiatives include
participation in mentoring programs with external mentors and selective leader development program, or holding seminars by inviting various female role models from outside. We are also actively working to support all employees who are participating in childcare, including male employees, by holding seminars regarding “Iku- bosses” (managers who willingly let their subordinates participate in childcare regardless of gender), promoting awareness of the childcare leave system among managers, and so on. In addition, we are actively
■ Employee Engagement
In order to create a work environment in which all employees work proactively, voluntarily challenging themselves with a high level of engagement, we conduct an engagement survey “wevox,” a tool developed and operated by Atrae, Inc., as an index to grasp the issues and areas for improvement.
In the results of “wevox” conducted in May 2020, the total engagement score was 74, which was 3 points higher than the all-industry average. In particular, in the survey item of “empathy for corporate mission and
working on the mid-career recruitment of female managers and manager candidates. As a result, the ratio of women in management positions has steadily risen from 3.1% at the end of March 2012 to 10.4% in April 2020, and we have achieved the target of 10% set in April 2016.
●Ratio of female employees in management (as of April 1, each year*)
 (%) 12
10 8 6 4 2 0
fiscal 2016
fiscal 2017
fiscal 2018
9.3
fiscal 2019
10.4
fiscal 2020
    6.1
6.9
8.0
    ■ Initiatives to Support Employees’ Health and Life after Retirement (1) Health-focused management and company-wide prohibition of smoking
In view of protecting the health of our employees, Eisai and the Eisai Health Insurance Society have established the Collaborative Health Project, and support employees’ health in cooperation with occupational health physicians, medical staff and other relevant parties. The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry selected Eisai as an outstanding Health and Productivity Management Organization in the large enterprise category (White 500) because Eisai had been practicing initiatives in line with local health issues and initiatives to improve health for the third consecutive year. In June
(2) Enhancement of pension management
To support the stable living of employees after retirement, our pension plan is managed by the Eisai Corporate Pension Fund, which is independent of our company, in an organization consisting of the representatives of the company and labor union, while monitoring the asset balance for the pursuit of stable assets and profits.
2019, we issued the Eisai Health Declaration, and we are aiming to achieve no smoking at all offices by October 2020 as key strategies with improvement of employees’ healthcare literacy.
The fund announced the acceptance of the Japanese version of the Stewardship Code*1 in February 2018 and signed the PRI*2 in December 2019, and has been executing ESG investment.
*1 Principles of behavior required of institutional investors to fulfill their responsibility as an asset management trustee
*2 Principles for Responsible Investment
* Calculated based on the number of employees disclosed in the Securities Report
vision,” the score was 83, which was 9 points higher than all-industry average, and it was confirmed that the management policies and strategies based on the “hhc” philosophy have achieved high penetration among the employees. By contrast, the score of the survey item of “workload” was 59, which was 5 points lower than the all-industry average, which has driven the Company to try to understand the current situation and to make efforts to accelerate work style reform. 72
Eisai Integrated Report 2020