Environmental Conservation
We work on our contributions to the realization of a decarbonized society,
a society harmonized with nature, and the establishment of a recycling-oriented society by proactively using environmental conservation technologies.
We support the efforts made by our customers for environment conservation,
as well as continuing to reduce the environmental load generated by our own business activities.   Realization of a decarbonized society
Takasago Thermal Engineering is committed to the realization of a decarbonized society in its business activities based on the Basic Policy for the Environment through the active use of energy saving and CO2 saving technologies and the optimization of facility operation in cooperation with customers. Meanwhile, we ensure compliance with all relevant environmental laws and work to prevent environmental pollution while also actively promoting efforts to reduce energy use and CO2 emissions in the company through our production activities on construction and other sites as well as activities in offices. As a result, we reduced CO2 emissions from HVAC systems delivered to customers by 105,200 tons-CO2 while also achieving CO2 emission reductions of 45,200 tons-CO2 through resource-saving efforts at the construction stage in fiscal 2018.
* For our Basic Policy for the Environment and environmental management system, see the CSR pages of our website.
● Reduction of waste
We regard waste as precious domestic resources and aggressively strive for 3R in production sites and offices to recover useful resources from waste and use them effectively. In addition, we thoroughly control waste until final disposal.
*3R means Reduction, Reuse and Recycling.
● Production sites
We worked to reduce construction facility waste from contract work through such initiatives as the use of prefabricated facilities, elimination of packaging, promotion of recycling and thorough separation of waste. Our recycling rate in fiscal 2018 was 88%, which met the target. We will endeavor to further promote the sorted collection of waste to increase the recycling rate.
● Thorough control of CFCs and industrial waste
We started to collect CFCs in fiscal 1995, ahead of other members of the industry. In fiscal 2018, we collected 100% of the CFCs to be collected in 316 sites, which weighed approximately 30 tons in total. The amount of CFCs we have collected since the start of the activities is equivalent to 738 tons. We also controlled all of the construction facility waste manifests in 923 contract work sites. In the meantime, we have turned 92% of the manifests into an electronic format.
Consideration for ecosystem
We recommend the purchase of products with low environmental burdens (green procurement) to customers and buy environmentally friendly office supplies out of consideration for biodiversity and the ecosystem. In addition, we are involved in tree planting and other forest conservation activities through local environmental initiatives. Moreover, we have developed a flushing technique involving no water discharge to reduce the environmental burden of effluent discharged from construction sites and are working to put the technique into practical use and disseminate it.
● Proposal of products with low environmental burdens (green procurement) to customers
To support green purchasing by customers, we provide them with related data including information on environmental burdens of the items designated as the targets of green procurement in a notification of the Ministry of the Environment and a table to compare environmental burdens. We have established guidelines for green procurement and developed a database in the internal network. The database shows environmental data on freezers and other HVAC devices by manufacturer and by model in a comprehensible manner to support customers in green purchasing. We made 298 proposals in fiscal 2018.
●100% green purchasing for 13 items of the designated office supplies
Again in fiscal 2018, we achieved 100% green purchasing in the procurement of 13 designated products including copying paper. We will continuously work to enhance our green purchasing efforts to reduce environmental burdens.
● Practical use of the flushing technique involving no water discharge
We conduct various research and development activities to reduce the impact of effluent and exhaust gas on the biological environment during construction work and in the operation of facilities after completion. With respect to effluent treatment, we developed a technique to purify the effluent containing zinc eluted from coated zinc as a result of flushing in pipes at the completion of piping and return the effluent to the pipes instead of discharging it. The technique was introduced to 47 construction sites in fiscal 2018.
Targets and achievements of environmental conservation activities
In fiscal 2018, we implemented environmental conservation activities to meet the quantitative target set for each of the activity items in construction sites
and offices. As a result, we met the target for all items. We will further promote environmental conservation activities to further improve them in fiscal 2019.
● Targets and achievements of environmental activities in fiscal 2018
:AchievedGoals Description of Activity Control Items Control Actual Evaluation Standard result
of activities
 Proposing energy savings at design
and construction stages
Saving energy at offices
Reducing amount of construction materials
Proposing energy savings in design
Reducing equipment capacity in construction
Reduce energy usage
at head office,
mainbranches, sales branches, and R&D center
Reducing volume of piping, ductwork, andequipment scaffolding in construction
Implementing and proposing green procurement*4
Participating in local environmental activities
Commercializing and deploying technologies that contribute to biodiversity
Implementing zero-emissions activities*5 for industrial waste at construction sites
Thoroughly managing industrial waste manifests
Thoroughly managing CFC collection process manifests
new construction
refurbishment
Amount of energy saved*1 Baseline*2 energy consumption
Amount of energy saved*1 Baseline*2 energy consumption
Amount of energy saved*3 Energy consumption in original design
Reduction of power consumption at offices
Reduced volume of materials
1- Materials used for ductwork, piping, and scaffolding in original design
Number of sites at which proposals were made
Number of potential sites
Support for local cleanup activities and events
Testing deployment
of the no water discharge flushing method
Recycling rate Final disposal volume
1- Total waste volume
10%
30%
10%
270 kwh or less per person, per month
10%
90%
One
or more activities per branch
40 cases
22%
 32%
 15%
 100%
19%
  100%
 100%
47 cases
  Number of implementing sites Total number of contracting sites
Number of sites at which CFC collection process manifests are managed
Total number of sites at which CFC collection is implemented
85%
100%
100%
88%
100%
 100%
           Efforts to help establish
a recycling-oriented society
         43 TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2019
TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2019 44