Employee Satisfaction
In accordance with the management policy
“Contribution to society through personal harmony and creativity,”
we make efforts for systematic and organized human resource development and strive to create an environment in which employees can work actively.
Basic concept for human resource development
Operation of a fair personnel evaluation system
Our personnel evaluation system aims to properly evaluate targets and their achievement level and thereby motivate employees and facilitate human resource development. Specifically, we set targets appropriate for the respective occupational abilities and roles of employees and evaluate their achievements through interviews with their superiors to operate the evaluation system in a convincing way. We also give evaluator training to all management staff to improve the skills of the evaluators for the setting of proper targets, application of consistent evaluation standards, etc.
Based on the social background such as a declining labor force population in Japan due to the low birthrate and a rise in the age at which people may receive pension benefits, as well as the diversification of personal lifestyles, we introduced a flexible age-limit system where employees can select the age of retirement with 65 set as the upper limit to extend the retirement age in fiscal 2019 to enable employees to work actively while finding the job rewarding even after the age of 61. We help employees develop more fulfilling career plans through initiatives including the organization of career design training at the time when employees select their retirement age.
For the realization of work-life balance
Enhancement of leave systems
For the establishment of a working environment where people can work with a sense of security, it is essential to fully consider the health and safety of employees and promote their work-life balance. To this end, we have
improved relevant systems through concerted efforts of labor and management.
● Leave systems
In fiscal 2019, we started to grant five days of annual paid holidays each year in a planned manner and also introduced a system of paid holidays that can be taken by the hour to allow employees to take annual paid holidays more flexibly. We have other leave systems such as a vacation given as a reward for many years of service (20, 30 and 40 years), refreshment leave and anniversary leave. For the cases where employees need to take a leave of absence due to non-work related injury or illness, we have established a system with which we grant the annual paid holidays for the last ten years that have not been taken to the employees as a special leave so that they can concentrate on their treatment. We also have a volunteer leave system and encourage employees to take refreshment leave for a consecutive week in order to create an environment where employees can take holidays with a sense of security.
Enhancement of the childcare and nursing care system
To ensure that employees can balance work and family life, we have introduced a leave system and a reduced working hour system for employees engaged in childcare or nursing care of family members. In fiscal 2019, we also established a system to appoint the employees who cannot be easily relocated because of childcare or nursing care as employees to work in a specific area with no transfers. Furthermore, we enable our employees to use day-care centers in the premises of other companies. We have also concluded an agreement with an NPO "Umi wo Koeru Care no Te" to organize nursing care workshops and provide opportunities to consult for free across Japan. In addition, we encourage male employees to take childcare leave for raising children with family cooperation. Moreover, we promote the achievement of work-life balance through the establishment of systems to facilitate response to changes in the family circumstances such as leave for the care of sick children and nursing care leave.  To contribute to the realization of a decarbonized society through environmental engineering as a pioneer in the building facility business, Takasago Thermal Engineering is committed to the development of human resources with abilities to "create the best product quality and develop technology using creativity," as mentioned in our management principles. In line with our philosophy that "people are our most important assets" in our Basic Policy for Human Resource Development, we conduct employee education in a systematic and organized manner and strive to create an organizational culture that cultivates a mindset to enjoy taking on new challenges, as well as inventive ingenuity.
Educational programs tailored to individual career stages
In order to develop human resources who will create our future, we have established the Takasago Academy, at which we offer practical and multifaceted educational programs in a planned manner by combining various types of training (Off-JT: off the job training) and various on-site experiences (OJT: on the job training).
Deepening technical training
● Training system chart
At the Takasago Academy, individual human resources seek to acquire necessary capabilities and business skills and foster ethics so that they can work actively at all stages from the time of joining the company through retirement. We reformed new employee education in the training programs by job type in fiscal 2018. In the revised programs, new employees participate in a common curriculum for two years after joining the company regardless of whether they are technology-related or administrative employees. After the period, they are assigned to the respective departments to help them pursue diverse career paths. In the position-based training programs, while focusing on management skills, we offer opportunities to acquire an MBA degree and implement the Young Board Project to train next-generation leaders, Transformative Manager Seminars for management candidates, Transformative Leader Seminars for young employees and other programs to continuously develop human resources who will play the main role in our future management. By continuing to expand the training programs for employees, we will try to be a company that learns and keeps growing.
New employee experience learning
at the Fuji Education and Training Center
  Introduction of a flexible age-limit system to extend the retirement age to 65
    New employees to 2nd-year employees
3rd to 5th-year employees
Career development period
Mid-level class
Management staff
Senior management
Retirement
New employee education
Basic technical training
Deepening education
Career design
Transformative leader seminar
Transformative manager seminar
External study of MBA in Japan
 Management seminar
training
Global seminar
Information security training, compliance training, harassment training
Leadership improvement training
Presentation skill improvement training
 Facilitation training
Programs to support the acquisition of official qualifications, distance learning, language s
tudy, etc.
 Takasago Thermal Engineering encourages male employees to take childcare leave and I had also wished to take childcare leave if the opportunity was given. When I found out that my wife was pregnant and then applied for the leave, my superiors and colleagues in the section kindly accepted it. While I worried most about my duties during the leave, there was no problem thanks to support from my superiors and colleagues. Full participation in childcare allowed me to feel the daily growth of my child and realize anew how tough childcare is. The experience was very significant for me and also broadened my view to have a favorable impact on my job after I returned to work. I strongly suggest to male employees who will become fathers that they should take childcare leave.
Voice of a male employee who took childcare leave
  Yoshiaki Tajima, Sales Section, Fourth Office, Tokyo Main Office
 45 TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2019
TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2019 46

To prevent sexual and other forms of harassment including discrimination against pregnant employees and abuse of authority, we send messages of top management and clarify our stance to never allow any forms of harassment. We have set up consultation counters on and off the company premises to address the matter and also conduct regular questionnaire surveys to check whether there is any harassment in the workplace. Moreover, we continuously provide training to enhance awareness of the prevention of harassment and endeavor to develop a comfortable work environment where all employees can fully demonstrate their abilities.

Efforts to become a company with physically
and mentally healthy and vigorous employees
To become a company where all executives and employees are physically and mentally healthy and work energetically ("Well-being company"), we take various initiatives including the issuance of a "health declaration" by the CEO. In April 2019, we set up the Health Care Office to further help executives and employees maintain and improve their health. In the office, an industrial physician and public health nurse are stationed to give advice on physical and mental health to executives and employees when necessary. The office is also involved in the support of balancing treatment and work, follow-up actions after health checkups and education and enlightenment activities to improve health literacy.
Efforts to ensure occupational safety
Basic concept for occupational health and safety
In 2000, we established our safety and health philosophy, "Safety is the top priority in carrying out all business tasks." Under this philosophy, we strive for health and safety activities in construction sites based on the basic approach "The employees working for Takasago Thermal Engineering and their families must never suffer from accidents at construction sites."
Analysis and identification of risks
and measures to address them
We have introduced risk assessment for safety and health management. In fiscal 2019, with the slogan "the elimination of fall accidents," we are taking measures including the effective use of health and safety work procedure manuals, confirmation of health and safety management activities by business operators and enhancement of safety awareness.
The Safety/Quality Management Group, which was established for the strengthening of safety and health activities, engages in on-site patrols to evaluate activities for the achievement of priority targets while also planning and managing measures taken commonly across the company to ensure safety and checking the situation of construction site management to provide instructions based
on the review of it.
In addition, we raise awareness of safety and health activities through the Company-wide Safety and Health Conference held annually.
Company-wide Safety and Health Conference
Safety records by year
In fiscal 2018, despite the activities of the Safety/Quality Management Group (on-site patrols and checks), 51 accidents (7 lost-time injuries and 44 non-lost-time injuries) occurred. We will improve our activities with a focus on the elimination of fall accidents, which can directly lead to a serious accident, the elimination of accidents at the time of transporting heavy objects, which increased in the previous fiscal year, and the elimination of accidents caused by unskilled workers, which have been increasing recently.

Education, follow-up and collaboration
with Kowakai to eliminate accidents
The Safety/Quality Management Group checks the management items specified in the safety priority targets and gives instructions based on the results. Those efforts have produced certain results including the improvement of safety management of young employees, who have been increasing in recent years. In fiscal 2019, we will have each of the branches conduct patrols to enhance its safety management and we will provide adequate education and conduct follow-up activities to prevent accidents.
Kowakai, which is composed of our partner companies, has also implemented activities for the improvement of health and safety since 2003, including the transmission of information on technologies related to health and safety, PR activities and notification of relevant laws and regulations to ensure compliance with them.