Harmony with Society
Our basic concept for social contribution is to fulfill our social responsibility as a good corporate citizen by engaging voluntarily in social contribution activities.
We inform all executives and employees of the basic policy and actively become involved in the support of local environmental activities as well as art and cultural activities and other initiatives to pursue harmony with the local communities.



Takasago Thermal Engineering is continuously involved in local cleanup activities in various parts of Japan through cooperation with group companies and partner companies. They give us precious opportunities to communicate with local people. In fiscal 2018, a total of 895 persons participated in those cleanup activities.
Eco-cap campaign
Our business offices collect caps of PET bottles ("eco-caps") and send them to Ecocap Movement, which is an NPO approved by the Cabinet Office, to support various social contribution activities including medical support, donation of vaccines, support of persons with disabilities and environmental education of children.
The recycling of "eco-caps" also helps conserve the environment because it prevents CO2 emissions that would have been caused if the caps had been incinerated.

* The incineration of "eco caps" of 1 kg generates CO2 of 3.15 kg.
Operation of vending machines
with a donation function
We have operated vending machines with a donation function since fiscal 2016. The total annual amount of "green funds" raised in fiscal 2018, which are used for tree-planting activities and international contributions in the environmental field, was 615,450 yen.
To promote culture and art, we sponsor and support festivals, celebrations and relevant action groups.
Concert for Children
(photo courtesy of Seiji Ozawa Matsumoto Festival Executive Committee)

Fair and highly transparent management
We make efforts for thorough consciousness and practice,
with a recognition that compliance is an essential element of CSR management.
In addition, we are making efforts for measures to prevent management risks from arising, and minimizing the impact of crises.

Compliance
Based on the recognition that the establishment of compliance is the foundation of CSR management, we are continuously working to enhance the awareness of compliance and ensure it in daily activities.
We have also set up the Compliance Committee chaired by the executive in charge of the Corporate Operations Headquarters to ensure thorough compliance with corporate ethics. In addition, we develop and promote the compliance system through such initiatives as the transmission of information from the Compliance Office and dissemination of the consultation and reporting counters.
The Takasago Thermal Engineering Group has established the "Ten Group Action Guidelines" and we distribute a portable booklet "Group Corporate Code of Ethics" to executives and employees to use it for daily duties, in-house training and other purposes.

We conduct risk management in order to prevent all risks from materializing and to minimize damage in case a risk actually materializes to cause a crisis.
To prevent risks from materializing, we established the Risk Management Committee chaired by the officer in charge of the Corporate Strategy Headquarters, in which the CEO serves as the chief officer, in accordance with the Risk Management Regulations. The committee is responsible for the determination of the risk management policy, the identification of risks and the assessment of the risks based on the probability of occurrence and their impact on business management while also developing risk mitigation measures and managing their progress to ensure the effectiveness of risk management. We have developed a system to minimize damage and loss in case a risk materializes to cause a crisis in accordance with the Crisis Management Regulations. In risk management, we give first priority to the risks that especially have a large impact on business management and can occur with a high probability as focused key risks. We are enhancing the PDCA cycle in which progress and problems are reviewed every quarter and fed back for risk reduction activities.