In April 2014, the Business Continuity Plan (BCP) was established in preparation for a large-scale earthquake. We have determined procedures for initial responses and restoration efforts to organize the business continuity system within the target time after the occurrence of a large-scale earthquake. In addition, we have developed a system to fulfill our social responsibility as a building constructor at the time of a disaster, such as
assistance for the recovery of hospitals and other facilities of a highly public nature as well as the supply chains of our customers.
In FY2018, we carried out initial training at the head office and the Nagoya branch (Nagoya city, Aichi prefecture) to prepare our initial response in case a capital earthquake should occur.
We are working on a so-called BCM* to enhance the
effectiveness of the BCP.
* BCM (Business Continuity Management): Activities that enhance the effectiveness of a BCP such as implementing training and strengthening necessary business resources whereas BCP means a plan to continue operations when there is a disaster.

To prevent the leakage of personal information, customer and supplier information and all other information handled in the course of business operations, we have developed our Information Security Policy to clarify our policy on information security in the whole group, as well as Confidentiality Regulations on the maintenance of confidentiality, Social Media Guidelines for Individuals on the use of social media and the Emergency Response Manual to specify the basic actions to be taken in case of
an information related accident. We work to familiarize relevant persons with them.
Moreover, we take technical measures for the improvement including the encryption of all PCs installed in the offices of construction sites, which have closer contact with customer information, and promote the strengthening of the information management system through the establishment of the Information Security Management Office. Other initiatives include the implementation of information security education to enhance the awareness of information management and the issuance of an information security pamphlet.