Foundations Supporting the Business
Enhancement of Corporate Governance
In its basic policy on corporate governance, Takasago Thermal Engineering aims to ensure the legitimacy, transparency and promptness of management and increase management efficiency
in order to earn the trust of society and raise its mid- to long-term corporate value.● Corporate governance system   Election and dismissal
Election Election and dismissal and dismissal
General Meeting of Shareholders   Decision-making and supervision
Board of Directors
11 directors (including 4 outside directors)
    Chairman and Representative Director, CEO
 Advisory Council
 Representative directorsOutside directorsOutside corporate auditors
  Nomination Compensation Committee
2 representative 4 outside directors directors
    Business execution
Management Committee
    Chairman and Representative Director, CEO
Internal Control Committee
 Executive Executive Executive Officers Officers Officers
Various Committees
Group companies
  Business execution divisions
   Operational audits Accounting audits
Accounting audits
Accounting auditors
Audit & Supervisory Board
5 corporate auditors (including 3 outside corporate auditors)
  Corporate governance system
Takasago Thermal Engineering has a Board of Directors and an Audit & Supervisory Board. We have adjusted the number of directors and shortened their term, which is one year at present, and also introduced an executive officer system to clarify management decision-making and supervisory functions as well as business execution functions for prompt and flexible management.
The Board of Directors currently consists of 11 members (including four outside directors) and its meeting is held once a month in principle and on an as-needed basis. At the meetings, the Board of Directors passes resolutions on the matters specified by laws and the articles of incorporation as well as important matters based on the Board of Directors Regulations to supervise the execution of duties by the directors.
Through these activities, the board aims to improve management efficiency and ensure the legitimacy and adequacy of business execution.
The Audit & Supervisory Board currently consists of five members (including three outside corporate auditors). Its meeting is held once a month in principle and an extraordinary meeting is also held when necessary. The Audit & Supervisory Board supervises the execution of duties by the directors through the reporting of audit results to the Board of Directors and other activities.
We have also established the Management Committee to enhance deliberation on important matters concerning management and make more prompt decisions on the allocation of management resources, as well as the Internal Control Committee to promote the improvement and operation of the internal control system of Takasago Thermal Engineering and its group in a cross-sectoral manner.
In addition, we have set up the Nomination Compensation Committee as an arbitrary advisory body for the Board of Directors. The committee deliberates on the new appointment, reappointment and dismissal of directors, corporate auditors and executive officers of Takasago Thermal Engineering and its subsidiaries to make recommendations to the board (however, the new appointment or reappointment of corporate auditors requires the approval of the Audit & Supervisory Board) as well as the remuneration of the directors and executive officers of our company and its subsidiaries while also checking the policy for the plan on CEO successors developed by the CEO and its progress. A majority of the committee must be outside directors.
Furthermore, we have formed the Advisory Council as an arbitrary advisory body for the Board of Directors, which helps activate the board through such activities as the examination of the structural balance of the Board of Directors as a whole, the analysis and assessment of its effectiveness and the check of the policy for training to directors and corporate auditors and the provision of information.
In addition to the activities mentioned above, corporate auditors coordinate with accounting auditors and the
Internal Audit Office to enhance corporate governance by conducting effective audits through active communication between them.
(1) Corporate auditors
The corporate auditors monitor the implementation status of governance, attend the Board of Directors’ meetings and other important meetings, review important approval documents and visit business sites for on-site audits in accordance with the audit policy and audit plan set by the Audit & Supervisory Board. They also strive to increase the effectiveness of the audits to monitor the execution of duties by the directors through coordination with accounting auditors and the Internal Audit Office and other efforts. For subsidiaries, the corporate auditors exchange information with the directors and corporate auditors of subsidiaries at group-wide meetings of the Management Committee and the Group Audit & Supervisory Board and other occasions. Outside corporate auditors obtain and provide information from an independent standpoint and strive for monitoring from an external perspective. On the other hand, full-time corporate auditors conduct monitoring based on their familiarity with our operations. The corporate auditors are thus enhancing the effectiveness of audits from their respective positions.
(2) Internal audits
Having established as a section under the direct control of the CEO, the Internal Audit Office (with six staff members) conducts systematic audits on the appropriateness and efficiency of business operations from an independent standpoint based on the Internal Audit Regulations. With respect to subsidiaries, it engages in the exchange of information and other activities on an as-needed basis. The Internal Audit Office reports the results of audits to the Representative Director, CEO and also checks the measures to be taken based on the results and the implementation of improvement. It also evaluates the operational status of internal control concerning the financial reporting of our company and important consolidated subsidiaries. While working closely with corporate auditors and accounting auditors, the office works to conduct effective internal audits.
(3) Accounting auditors
The certified public accountants engaged in the execution of our accounting audit work are Mr. Atsuki Kanezuka and Mr. Junichi Kimura, who belong to KPMG AZSA LLC. Mr. Kanezuka and Mr. Kimura have served as our accounting auditors for two and three years, respectively. They also have six certified public accountants as their assistants along with six other assistants.
Policy on the appointment of executives
In the nomination standards, candidates for directors are required to have qualities including: insight on business management and excellence in foresight, vision and objective judgment; abilities to demonstrate leadership for the sustainable growth of the group and improvement of the corporate value; potential to make an active contribution to the development of the next generation of management personnel; integrity, popularity, high ethical standards and courage; physical and mental health to have no problem to execute their duties; and the absence of specific problems such as special business interests. Those conditions are examined comprehensively to evaluate the candidates.
Candidates for corporate auditors are required to have qualities including: the quality to fulfill the duties
of corporate auditors; high ethical standards; physical and mental health; and the absence of specific problems such as special business interests, which are examined in a comprehensive manner for the nomination of the candidates.
When executive officers are appointed, we comprehensively evaluate candidates based on their competency. For example, they are required to have the following qualities: high levels of expertise and achievements and abilities to be in charge of important management duties for the business strategy; abilities to demonstrate leadership for the sustainable growth of the group and improvement of the corporate value; potential to make an active contribution to the development of the next generation of management personnel; integrity, popularity, high ethical standards and courage; physical and mental health to have no problem to execute their duties; and the absence of specific problems such as special business interests.    51 TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2019
TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2019 52
External officers
External Directors
43
persons
persons
(out of 5 auditors)
(out of 11 directors)
External AuditorsValue Creation Development of Foundations Supporting
and Performance the Medium-term the Business Basic Information
Business Plan
Internal Audit Office
Foundations Supporting the Business   Remuneration of executives
As to the remuneration of directors and corporate auditors, we set the upper limit for the total amount of the remuneration, etc. of all the directors and corporate auditors by resolution at a shareholders' meeting.
For the medium- to long-term growth of our business and continuous and sustainable increases in our corporate value and common interests of shareholders, we have resolved on adopting a policy to ensure that the remuneration system for our directors gives a healthy incentive to them in consideration of various issues including trends on corporate governance, survey data provided by external specialized agencies and the remuneration level in other companies. The specific levels are decided by resolution of the Board of Directors after deliberations in the Nomination Compensation Committee. The remuneration of directors consists of basic remuneration, a bonus as a short-term (annual) incentive and a trust-type stock-based compensation system as a medium- to long-term incentive. The composition is set in consideration of the relevant policy.
Outside directors receive only basic remuneration while no bonus or trust-type stock-based compensation system is provided.
The basic remuneration is determined as a fixed amount according to the position of each of the directors.
As to the bonus, on April 1, 2019, we introduced a mechanism to change the amount from 50% to 150% of the basic
● Image of the composition
of the remuneration of directors
amount for each position based on the performance in the previous fiscal year and qualitative assessment of the individual executives in order to improve morale for the achievement of single-year performance targets and other purposes.
The trust-type stock-based compensation system aims to further enhance motivation to contribute to the improvement of medium- to long-term performance and corporate value. Points are granted according to the position of the director every year and the shares of our company that are equivalent to the total points are issued at the time of resignation. The remuneration of executive officers also consists of basic remuneration, a bonus as a short-term (annual) incentive and a trust-type stock-based compensation system as a medium-to long-term incentive as in the case of directors. The levels are decided by resolution of the Board of Directors after deliberations in the Nomination Compensation Committee. The directors (excluding outside directors) and executive officers make efforts to acquire our shares by voluntary contribution through the Official Shareholding Association. Remuneration, etc. of corporate auditors is basic remuneration only and the amount of the basic remuneration of each corporate auditor is decided through consultation with corporate auditors based on the comprehensive examination of the content, volume and difficulty of his/her duties, the degree of responsibility, etc. In view of their duties, etc., corporate auditors receive no bonus or trust-type stock-based compensation system or other stock-based remuneration.
Executive remuneration (FY2018)
● Amount of remuneration and other compensation for directors (excluding outside directors)
Constructive dialogue
Takasago Thermal Engineering makes full use of opportunities to give explanations and have constructive dialogue in the stock market in an effort to promote the understanding of our business management. We will continue to share the information obtained through the dialogue in the company and also consider the incorporation of the information into our business management when necessary.
Our policy on constructive dialogue with shareholders is as mentioned below.
(1) For the dialogue with shareholders, we appoint the Representative Director, CEO as the person who controls the dialogue, the General Manager of Corporate Operations Headquarters as the person responsible for handling the information, the Head of the Public Relations Division as the person in charge of timely disclosure and the Head of the Accounting Finance Division as the person in charge of annual securities reports, etc. (the structure is shown in the schematic diagram of the outline of the timely disclosure system later in this page).
(2) The sections mentioned above, which belong to the Corporate Planning Division or the Corporate Operations Headquarters, share information and issues on a daily basis through regular meetings and other opportunities for the promotion of coordination while making efforts to take appropriate actions.
(3) In addition to biannual financial results briefing sessions, we plan and organize opportunities for dialogue such as briefing sessions for investors on an as-needed basis. We also participate in external events for investors.
(4) Directors and senior executives will obtain information directly through attendance at briefing sessions for investors, development of analyst reports and other channels and receive reports from responsible sections regularly and when necessary.
(5) In order to prevent insider trading, we strictly adhere to the Insider Trading Management Rules, which stipulate regulations concerning matters such as compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other related laws as well as the management of internal information. When we have dialogue, we try to manage the information in a way to avoid being suspected of giving any insider information while disclosing information not selectively but fairly. We set the period from the following day of the end of the settlement term (quarterly and full-year) to the date of the announcement of financial statements as a "period of silence." In the meantime, we obtain knowledge on the prevention of insider trading and give education to update the knowledge.
Outline of the timely disclosure system
Our internal system for the timely disclosure of corporate information is described below.
(1) The representative and the person responsible for handling the information endeavor to ensure the timeliness, legitimacy, accuracy and fairness of the information to be disclosed. The information is discussed and reported at the Management Committee and Board of Directors meetings as necessary.
(2) The person in charge of timely information disclosure complies with the Timely Disclosure Rules and relevant laws on a daily basis and also collects information from related sections in a prompt and comprehensive manner for the execution of his/her duties. He/she also makes efforts to prepare proper disclosure materials and enhance the disclosure such as investigation of cases of information disclosure in other companies.
(3) Corporate auditors and accounting auditors provide advice and instructions on information disclosure to us in addition to periodical audits. We also seek opinions from third-party experts, etc. when necessary.
(4) We have established the Insider Trading Management Rules and the Disclosure Policy (Information Disclosure Rules) as internal rules, as well as the Group Corporate Code of Ethics, which mentions that they must be strictly followed. Through these and other initiatives, we strive for the prevention of insider trading in our group including affiliates as well as compliance with the fair disclosure rules.
● Schematic diagram of an outline of the timely disclosure system
Name of Representative
Representative Director, CEO
Name of the person in charge of information handling General Manager
of Corporate Management Headquarters
      Bonus (short-term incentive)
Variable compensation
Stock-based compensation (medium- to long-term incentive)
343
● Amount of remuneration and other compensation
for outside directors
 53 TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2019
TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2019 54