
AHRESTY REPORT 
2020 
For the year ended March 31, 2020 
 

RESEARCH SERVICE 
TECHNOLOGY 
We aim to create an affluent society by pursuing each of these areas and integrating them. 
Our corporate name, Ahresty, comes from “RST.” It was created by linking together the pronunciation of the first letters in Research, Service, and Technology. Research means continuous research, investigation, and development of new technologies, new markets, and new sales techniques. Service means providing warm, attentive service through personal interaction. Technology means truly excellent technology that incorporates both physical and soft aspects and is highly beneficial for society. 
These three areas of Research, Service, and Technology cannot be considered independently. Both technology and a spirit of service are necessary to accomplish the research involved in R&D. To explain it in another way, research, service, and technology are intricately linked and each supports the others. It is an organic relationship in which each component refines the others to produce an end product that is even better than the sum of its components. 
We have therefore adopted this concept of integrated Research, Service, and Technology as our corporate philosophy and named the company Ahresty to encompass it in our corporate name. We intend to use this corporate philosophy, wisely to fulfill our mission of being of service to society in many different ways, through our many products. 
The Tag line “Casting Our Eyes on the Future” embodies our business attitude of always moving forward by taking the initiative in Research and Development, Service and Technology and by keeping all of our attention here at Ahresty focused on our customers, the global environment and the future of Ahresty itself, to realize the corporate philosophy represented in our name. The word “Casting” in the tag line combines the meaning of “to throw one’s gaze” with its other meaning of “to shape molten metal in a mold” which is our main line of business, die casting. 

2 
Corporate Philosophy 
Let us take pride in our work, respect theory and experimentation, value originality and invention and offer superior products and service to our customers 
RST Way - Five criteria for action 
The RST Way’s five criteria for action—conscientious, proactive, speedy, learning, and challenge —are the basis of each employee’s way of thinking and action to realize the Corporate Philosophy. 
Conscientious Proactive Speedy Learning Challenge 
CONTENTS 
2 | Corporate Philosophy 4 | Top Message 6 | Ahresty’s Value Creation 
12 | Progress in the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan 15 | Consolidated Financial Highlights 
16 | Efforts by Business Segments 
20 | For Sustainable Growth 
29 | Corporate Information 
30 | Closing Special Feature: Sustainability Dialogue Ahresty’s corporate activities and the SDGs 
We earnestly and sincerely make efforts for our customers and all stakeholders. We strive to understand diverse opinions, thoughts and values, listening to them with open minds. 
We are self-driven and enthusiastically strive for success. Each of us takes the initiative so that our actions lead to significant improvements. 
We act quickly, sensing changes in social needs and the global market. We consistently strive to enhance and reform our work methods and our technologies. 
We constantly evolve to reach our goals. We advance ourselves by having inquiring minds to achieve expectations. 
We work unflinchingly on aggressive targets to achieve them. We consistently challenge ourselves through theories and experiments without fear of failure, respecting originality and invention. 

AHRESTY REPORT 2020 3 

Top Message 
For Shareholders & Investors 
Drive Transformation Toward Becoming “Ahresty Contributing to Weight Reduction of Automobiles” 
Business Performance for FY2019 and Response to Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
I sincerely offer my deepest condolences to those who have lost their lives due to the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. I also sincerely express my gratitude to healthcare workers, and pray for early recovery of patients hospitalized. I earnestly hope that vaccines and treatments for COVID-19, which has had tremendous impacts on our lives and economies, will be de- veloped and delivered as fast as possible. 
In FY2019, we suffered a decline in sales due to steep drops in auto sales for our major customers and the sluggish auto markets in India and China. In terms of profits as well, the result was very disappointing, such as a rever- sal of deferred tax assets since a decrease in our future sales is projected. Furthermore, as the coronavirus pandemic was spreading across the globe, starting with the plants in China in February 2020, all die casting plants out- side Japan suspended or reduced production volume sharply. However, the plants in China have resumed production from mid-February, followed by the U.S plant from mid-May, the plant in Mexico from late May and the plant in India from early June, so all plants have now resumed production. Unfor- tunately, partially because new car demand fell sharply, we have not yet reached full-scale operation and are now implementing flexible operation under the production structure that have been established to respond to the demand. In Japan, administrative departments have considerably expanded the use of teleworking and off-peak commute since late March. We will continue to adopt new ways of working based on lessons learned from our response to “new lifestyle”. 
Although an unprecedented decline in auto sales in the first half of FY2020 has been projected, the demand is expected to recover slowly over a period from the fourth quarter to FY2021. There are also some positive factors, such as each nation’s large economic stimulus package, and shifting from public transportation to private cars. We will proceed with necessary trans- formation from perspectives of “with corona (coexistence with corona)” and “post-corona” both. 
Initiatives for 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan 
Ahresty Corporation will mark the 100th year anniversary of its foundation 
in 2038. Looking ahead eighteen years later when CASE* should make advance, in order to become “Ahresty contributing to weight reduction of automobiles” with a key focus on electric vehicles, we will execute the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan aiming at the 10-Year Vision “Winning Ab- solute Customers’ Trust 2025” based on the three pillars below. 
1 Implement business strategies with an eye on the future automotive market 
We strive to earn a high reputation on quality from our customers. To this end, we are working to reinforce the assurance within one’s own process and promote the sharing of excellent systems and work methods across the Group. In FY2019 as well, we have attained some high evaluations from our customers both in and outside of Japan. In terms of sales, in addition to conventional internal combustion engine (ICE), we are actively working to acquire orders for components for electric vehicles, such as hybrid vehicles, plug-in hybrid vehicles and battery electric vehicles, which should contribute to our sales for FY2021 onwards. We are also actively working on technol- ogy development and proposal to contribute to reducing the weight of au- tomobiles. 
2 Enhance earnings strength by improving productivity and quality To enhance earnings strength, we strive to strengthen our foundation by building a lean production system with higher productivity while reducing waste and loss in each process. Also, we have studied Optimal Produc- tion Condition Control (OPCC) to further increase productivity, as a result, achieving significant improvement in quality of engine and transmission components. Going forward, we will apply findings and knowledge acquired through OPCC activities to other fields and sites across the Group to enhance our earnings strength. 
3 Develop human resources that underpin corporate growth To create a corporate culture where every employee can observe personal growth and take pride in their work, we are promoting development of hu- man resources based on the strategic human resources development plan (human resources roadmap), and have education systems in place so that employees across all sites around the world can receive training whose levels are consistent across the sites, using the same textbooks. Also, we 
  
Directors 
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Chief, Manufacturing Command 
Junji Ito 
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, General Administrative Command 
Shinichi Takahashi 
 
4 

are promoting safety education through anzen-dojo (a measure to help im- plement safer conduct) and improvement in work environments to realize a workplace where employees can work safely and with peace of mind. 
For Sustainable Growth —Initiatives to Increase Corporate Value 
To achieve sustainable growth as a company which society needs, the Ahresty Group believes that it is important for us to address social challeng- es through our business activities. In the aluminum die casting business, the Ahresty Group strives to reduce our environmental burden in the production process, including reduction in CO2 emissions, water usage and waste generated, through introduction of melting furnaces with high efficiency, operational control for heat treating furnaces, and increase in productivity, in addition to use of secondary alu- minum alloy, which is excellent in recyclability and energy efficiency, as pri- mary material. By using aluminum for automotive components, the weight will be nearly half of one made from iron, achieving a lightweight car with higher fuel efficiency. 
Also, the Ahresty Group has established the management structure that allows transparent and fast decision making, aiming to increase our cor- porate value. To enhance fairness, transparency and objectiveness of the process for nomination of director and determination of compensation and reinforce our corporate governance, in January 2019, we established the Nomination and Compensation Committee that consists of more than half of committee members from outside the Group, as an optional advisory body of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the Ahresty Group has adopted a stock compensation plan for Executive Officers and above to share the value with shareholders and investors and increase the linkage with the business performance. 
The world economy situation is extremely uncertain due to the coronavirus pandemic, and our business climate is very severe. However, we would like to turn this crisis into an opportunity for transformation and will strive to strengthen our business foundation while refining the basis of monozukuri (manufacturing). We are counting on your continued support. 
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Chief, Sales Command 
Naoyuki Kaneta 
President & CEO 
Arata Takahashi 
*CASE: Connected, Autonomous/Automated, Shared, and Electric 
Director, Managing Executive Officer, General Manager, Tokai Plant, President, Ahresty Pretech Corporation 
Shinichi Gamou 
     
AHRESTY REPORT 2020 5 
 

Ahresty’s Value Creation 
Ahresty’s Businesses and Strengths 
“Creating High Quality Products.” Fully integrated production system and Ahresty’s strengths 
Since the company was founded in 1938, Ahresty has mainly focused its business on manufacturing alumi- num die cast products for use in automobiles. Our streamlined production process improves productivity and maintains quality along the entire process, from aluminum alloy ingot production to design and manufacture of molds, casting, and machine processing. We also manufacture and sell MOVAFLOR, a proprietary raised floor system, and peripheral equipment for die cast production. We have also standardized our systems for quality, production, and maintenance at all locations and provide consistent production quality worldwide. 
[ Ahresty’s Production System ] 
Manufacturing Process 
Japan 
India 
Aluminum Alloy Ingot Production 
    
[ Designing ] 
[ Die Manufacturing ] 
Technical Center: Supporting Consistent 
Achieving the optimal shape 2,250-ton casting machine through CAE for use in experiments 

USA 
Thailand 
Mexico 
China 
       
System that drives meticulous design and analysis 
 
6 
The same production quality achieved in Japan and five overseas countries Ahresty has operations at eight sites in five countries, namely, the United States, Mexico, China, India and Thailand, in addition to 13 sites in Japan. We have systems in each country to ensure that we offer products of the same quality from a single drawing in response to the needs of the automobile industry, where commonization of parts and globalization of production have been accelerating. This not only helps our customers reduce man-hours for development but also enables complementary production between plants across borders, including Japan, and the capability to flexibly respond to changes in production due to fluctuations in sales volumes. 
Contributing to weight reduction of vehicles 
Demand for aluminum die-cast products is expected to expand glob- ally, in response to the trends to reduce the weight of automobiles and tighter fuel economy regulations. Ahresty owns over 100 large casting machines in Japan and overseas. For production of large, complex items, we cooperate with our customers from the devel- opment stage to reduce the weight of vehicles. In addition to con- ventional engine blocks and transmissions, we are also engaged in developing body parts and parts for electric vehicles for the future automobile market. 
  
Manufacture and Sales of Peripheral Equipment for Die Cast Production 
Hold the No.1 share for clean rooms in Japan! 
MOVAFLOR proprietary raised floor system 
     
[ Die Casting ] 
Production Quality Worldwide 
Observing and analyzing various phenomena through an electronic microscope 
[ Machining ] 
[ Delivery ] 
Auto Parts 
   
Material property assessments carried out by various testing machines 
Support structure for a highly productive manufacturing process 
Establishing the optimal production conditions through cause-and-effect management 
 
Developing Ahresty's own production methods 
Anticipating advances in die-casting and future customer needs, we invest in research and development of new production methods and products. The unique production methods Ahresty has developed include the HiGF method, which achieves a higher vacuum within a cavity than conventional low-pressure die-casting methods, and can therefore be used to produce higher quality, large thin-walled products, and the NI method, which enables production of mechan- ically superior products and contributes to reducing the weight of suspension-related parts, associated with improved fuel efficiency and operational safety. 
Development of human resources that underpin our MONOZUKURI Global human resources development is essential for globally inte- grated MONOZUKURI, or manufacturing. Ahresty has established a system that allows employees at all sites to receive systematic ed- ucational and training programs of the same quality, including Glob- al RST Learning, designed to pass on the skills accumulated since its founding, Global Kaizen Meeting, for which engineers from all bases gather together, and training programs for plant supervisors and executive candidates. Ahresty focuses its efforts specifically on human resources development to ensure improvements to its tech- nology and quality. 
AHRESTY REPORT 2020 7 
     

8 
AHRESTY REPORT 2020 9 
Ahresty’s Value Creation 
Ahresty’s History 
Aiming to be the most trusted supplier “Conscientious” is part of the DNA we have inherited 
Shimura Aluminum Co., Ltd., Ahresty’s predecessor, was founded with a capital of 400,000 yen as a small factory in Itabashi, Tokyo, with three employees. “Do not tell a lie for the convenience of business” and “Always propose what is best for the benefit of customers” are the words of the late Aiji Takahashi, our founder. This conscientious stance resulted in gaining the trust of the public, serving as the driving force for the subsequent develop- ment of the company. 
September 2008 
Lehman’s Fall 
March 2011 
Great East Japan Earthquake 
FY2019 
Sales weight 
165,166tons FY2019 
120.5 
FY2019 
Employees 
persons 
2000 - Aiming to contribute to weight reduction of vehicles. 
Net sales (billion yen) 
Sales weight (tons) 
Employees (persons) 
(Fiscalyear) 2001 2002 
1938 - Founded 
1938 
Shimura Aluminum Co., Ltd., Ahresty’s predecessor, found- ed in Itabashi, Tokyo Started manufacturing alu- minum alloy ingots, die cast products and aluminum sand mold castings. 
1943 
21 sites in six countries 
Fuso Light Alloys Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Corpora- tion) established. 
Awarded in NADCA International Die-Casting Awards. 
Founder: Aiji Takahashi 
Stock listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 
1962 
Launched MOVAFLOR, first raised floor system in Japan. 
1964 
ICEPET developed by Fuso Light Alloys won the Champion Award at the International Home Show. 
1983 
Corporate Philosophy codified 
[ Business expansion and global presence ] 
•Hamamatsu Plant started operation. •Japan Precision Die Mold Mfg. Co., Ltd. 
(now Ahresty Die Mold Hamamatsu Corporation) (manufacturing dies) established. •Tokai Seiko Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Pretech Corporation) (processing) established. •Kyoto Die Casting Co., Ltd. Toyohashi Plant (now Tokai Plant) started operation. •Tochigi Fuso Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Tochigi Corporation) established. 
•Ditec Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi Corporation) (manufacturing dies) established. 
•Kumamoto Fuso Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Kumamoto Corporation) established. •Ditec Co., Ltd., Kumamoto Plant (now Ahresty Die Mold Kumamoto Corporation) started operation. •Kumagaya Plant (production of aluminum alloy ingots) started operation. •Higashimatsuyama Plant started operation •Pascal Trading Co., Ltd. (now Ahresty Techno Service Corporation) 
(manufacturing and sales of die-casting peripheral equipment) established. 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 2009 2010 
2011 
2012 
1997 
Mass production of aluminum die- cast monocoque frame for scoot- ers started for the first time in the world. 
1999 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 2017 2018 2019 
1961 
1988 - Renamed Ahresty Corporation. 
1988 
Company name changed from Fuso Light Alloys Co., Ltd. to Ahresty Corporation. 
1989 
Awarded Deming Prize for the year 1989 (Small and Mid-range Industries). 
1996 
Mass production of alternator brackets for au- tomobiles by the NI (New Injection) method (Ahresty’s proprietary casting method) started. 
•Ahresty Wilmington Corporation (US) established. 
•Thai Ahresty Die Co., Ltd., an affiliated company for manufacturing dies in Thailand, established. 
2003 
Received the Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award in the 20th Materials Process Technology Commendation. 
2004 
Started RST Gakuen (academy) aimed at early development of engineers. 
2006 
Technical Center opened in Toyo- hashi, Aichi. 
•Thai Ahresty Engineering Co., Ltd. (design / Thailand) established. •Guangzhou Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. (China) established. •Ahresty Corporation merged with Kyoto Die Casting Co., Ltd. •Ahresty Precision Die Mold (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. 
(dies / China) established. •Pascal Industry Co., Ltd. and Sugahara Precision Industry Co., Ltd. 
merged and renamed Ahresty Yamagata Corporation. •Ahresty Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) established. •Ahresty India Private Limited (India) established. •Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. (China) established. •Integrated Hamamatsu Plant and Toyohashi Plant, 
and consolidated organizations as Tokai Plant. 
2014 
Listing of the shares changed from the Second Sec- tion to the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 
2018 
Celebrated the 80th anniversary. 
March 2020 
COVID-19 pandemic 
Net sales 
6,780 
billion yen 

Ahresty’s Value Creation 
Processes for Sustainable Growth 
Ahresty’s management resources 
Financial capital 
Strengths 
Customer base 
Human resources 
Research and development capabilities 
Global network 
Partnerships 
Financial base 
[ Ahresty 10-Year Vision ] Winning absolute customers’ trust 2025 
Pursue MONOZUKURI, provide products and services that are excellent in QCDD; Quality, Cost, Delivery, and Development, and contribute to customers’ business development. Always think customers first and respond to expectations and trust. 
[ 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan ] 
INPUT 
   
Equity attributable to shareholders of Ahresty Corporation: 57.1 billion yen 
Human capital 
Employees: 6,780 persons 
Production capital 
21 sites in six countries Die cast machines: over 200 units 
Intellectual capital 
Technologies and know-how accumulated since founding 
Social capital 
[Major customers] Over 350 companies in 11 countries [Major suppliers] Approx. 450 companies 
   
Implement business strategies with an eye on the future automotive market 
 
Enhance earnings strength by improving productivity and quality 
Develop human resources that underpin corporate growth 
 
[ SDGs to be focused on as priority themes ] 

10 
RISK 
Changes in the business environment and risks facing Ahresty 
Over 90% of Ahresty’s aluminum die-cast products are installed in automobiles. As the automobile industry is undergo- ing a once-in-a-century transformation, affected also by significant market fluctuations due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the environment surrounding Ahresty is dramatically changing. Escalation of the electrification of vehicles such as HVs, PHVs, and EVs in response to the growing public awareness of global warming, is associated with changes in power- trains, which is likely to be a major risk for Ahresty, and we should be prepared for this risk. 

Values that Ahresty offers 
Corporate Philosophy 
    
Customers 
Contributing to weight reduction of vehicles 
  
Shareholders, investors 
Employees 
Partners 
Local communities 
Enhancing medium- to long-term corporate value 
Diversity (Diverse work styles) 
OUT COME 
RESEARCH SERVICE 
TECHNOLOGY 
We aim to create an affluent society by pursuing each of these areas and integrating them. 
   
Global environment 
Reducing environmental impact 
Collaboration in creating new values 
Contributing to sustainable growth 
  
From reducing risk to creating new opportunities 

CHANCE 
In such a business environment, we will identify and utilize our competitive advantages and management resources and work to solve social issues through our business activities, thereby not only reducing the risks facing us but also creating earnings opportunities. Aluminum is one-third of the weight of iron. By further developing Ahresty’s aluminum die casting technology, and thereby contributing to reducing the weight of vehicles to satisfy the needs of car manufacturers, we believe that Ahresty will be able to achieve sustainable growth along with society. 

AHRESTY REPORT 2020 11 

Progress in 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan 
Implement business strategies with an eye on the future automotive market 
In addition to conventional product groups, we focus efforts on the development and sales of structural materials that satisfy customer needs in response to the trends to reduce the weight of vehicles and tighter fuel economy regulations. We also aim to achieve a higher level of quality and productivity by enhancing our technological capabilities in each process, thereby gaining increased trust from customers. 
⇒ P16-17. Aiming to contribute to reducing the weight of vehicles 
Improving MONOZUKURI capabilities based on the technology roadmap In view of the changes in the automotive market, we will focus our efforts on developing structural materials and parts for electric ve- hicles, in addition to conventional engine blocks, transmissions and other parts for vehicles with internal combustion engines, so as to cater to customer needs regarding the trend to reduce the weight of automobiles and tighter fuel economy regulations. To support this, we will enhance our technological capabilities in each of the man- ufacturing processes, including casting, processing, molding and alloying, based on the technology roadmap, thereby improving our MONOZUKURI capabilities and ensuring competitive advantages by solving technological issues. 
Expected needs 
FY2019 Customer Satisfaction Survey results (excerpts) 
Survey period: December 2019 to January 2020 Survey target: Major customers in Japan Responses obtained: 35 persons from 32 companies 
■Satisfied ■Somewhat satisfied ■Cannot say ■Somewhat dissatisfied ■Dissatisfied Product quality 

0 
Ahresty Competitors 
On-time delivery 
0 
Ahresty Competitors 
Response 
Ahresty Competitors 7 
25 50 47 
30 27 
75 
75 
23 30 
100(%) 
100(%) 
100(%) 
100(%) 

17 


B: Engines 
M: Transmissions 
S: Structural components 
E: Parts for electric vehicles 
Global supply capacity 
○ 
○ 
○ 
○ 
Lighter and thinner 
̶ 
○ 
○ 
△ 
Contamination 
△ 
△ 
̶ 
○ 
Strength, toughness, extension 
̶ 
̶ 
○ 
△ 
(Battery case) 
0 
25 
25 
50 
50 33 
50 
47 
75 
75 

23 
40 
 
Problem solving, measures for improvement 
0 
Ahresty Competitors 7 
25 50 
20 33 33 
 
Major awards in FY2019 
•“Special Award” from Toyota Industries Corporation 
•“Best Performance Award” from JATCO Mexico, S.A. de C.V. for the 2nd consecutive year ❶ 
•“Overall Performance” from Maruti Suzuki India Limited for the 3rd consecutive year ❷ 
•“Quality Cooperation Award” from GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. ❸ 
•Excellence Award from Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Thermal Systems 
•CHALLENGING SPIRIT AWARD from Honda Transmission Mfg. 
•“Overseas Support Contribution Award” from Aisin AW Co., Ltd. 
❸ 
❹ 

❶ 

12 
Aiming to gain high customer evaluations 
Ahresty has been working on formulating Ahresty Standards, common rules for the Group, with the aim of bringing MONOZUKURI (manufacturing) of the same quality level to all of its operation sites worldwide. We believe that the key to this goal is to adhere to the basics of MONOZUKURI and improve the assurance level for the completion of each process. For new products, we will further strengthen ties with the design team to improve our production preparations, aiming to ensure stable quality and improve productivity in mass production. 
In fiscal 2019, we were able to reduce the number of complaints, non- conforming items, and process failures related to new products by more than 30% over the previous year. For mass production, we have been working to reduce variations in quality in manufacturing processes by examining the process quality control sheet and actual operations, thereby improving each process. Ahresty will make continuous efforts to constantly provide products of stable quality, so as to gain a higher level of trust from our customers. We believe that high evaluations by our customers will help each of the employees working at Ahresty to take pride in their manufacturing and develop an increased motivation for work. 
❷ 
 
•“Overseas Contribution Award” from Suzuki Motor Corporation for the 2nd consecutive year 

•Naoya Takao of the Advanced Production Engineering Department received the Japan Foundry Engineering Society’s Tokai Award. 
•Study on the mechanism of cooling hole cracking in die casting molds by Masaki Miura’s team in the Engineering Department received the 2018 Onoda Prize from the Japan Die Casting Association. ❹ 

Enhance earning strength by improving productivity and quality 
We will promote productivity improvements and reduce manufacturing costs by implementing MONOZUKURI with Optimal Process Condition Control (OPCC).We will also introduce streamlining and manpower savings in the production system, inventory reductions and other initiatives with the aim of improving our price competitiveness. 

Improving productivity with OPCC 
To implement MONOZUKURI processes under Optimal Process Con- dition Control, or OPCC, we are working to improve productivity and reduce the defect rate. The process fields in which we will pursue OPCC in the three years of the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan include design of materials and dies, process design, setting manu- facturing conditions and equipment/dies maintenance and operational management. In these processes, we will identify tasks that will re- duce cycle times, reduce defects, improve the utilization rate, improve maintenance management and other purposes, prioritize them based on past activity data and start implementing measures that will pro- duce greater effects, thereby improving productivity and quality. 
Activities for OPCC 
(1) Using statistical quality control (SQC) to produce optimal manufacturing conditions 
For each of the priority products, a 2D code is given in the casting pro- cess, so that the measured values of various production parameters correspond to the product quality. We form hypotheses on the mech- anisms by which defects are generated, and verify them by employing design of experiments and statistical approaches. Identifying the re- lationship between each influencing factor and the quality and tak- ing the appropriate measures substantially lowers the defect rate in delivered materials, which improves the percentage of items that can be sent directly to customers’ production lines with no adjustments. 
Optimal condition 
(2) Introducing utility monitors for a stable supply and preventive maintenance 
To maintain the optimal production condition for die cast machines, Ahresty has been installing utility monitors on its production lines. By capturing detailed fluctuations in utilities, the monitors not only acquire data on the supply condition on the infrastructure side but also demand data on the machine side. Monitoring both the supply and demand sides enables a stable supply of products. Analyzing the collected data will contribute to effective preventive maintenance of equipment and to reducing the consumption of energy resources such as water and electricity in the future. 
At the 5th Global Kaizen Meeting, engineers from all the global sites discussed the theme “Introducing util- ity monitors.” 
Comprehensive streamlining of the production system and manpower savings We are working to establish a system to produce good products efficient- ly, through comprehensive streamlining and manpower savings. We will eliminate unnecessary processes and operations by introducing Kaizen, automating inspection processes, and through the use of “karakuri” mechanisms, thereby reducing costs and increasing value-added opera- tions, thus improving productivity and reducing manufacturing costs. 
Examples of manpower savings through Kaizen in work processes Reducing distances workpieces are moved when preparing casting fit- tings, palletizing, repositioning dollies for returning materials, etc., elimi- nating operations with high workloads, such as overturning heavy mate- rials for inspection, and other Kaizen initiatives to identify and improve unnecessary processes at production sites enabled casting operations and appearance inspections to be integrated, resulting in significant sav- ings in manpower. 
       
Air shower and Karakuri inspection board 
AHRESTY REPORT 2020 13 

Develop the human resources that underpin corporate growth 
We will improve working conditions to create workplaces where no work-related accidents or injuries occur and where employees can work safely and comfortably in a healthy mental and physical state. We will also develop globally competitive human resources to create a company that enables employees to grow together with the company while finding their work rewarding and taking pride in it. 
⇒ P24. Developing a corporate culture in which employees can observe their personal development and find their work rewarding 
 
Using ergonomics to create workplaces where workloads are low We have improved the workplace environment to reduce operations involving high physical workloads and making the workplace safe and comfortable for workers. Targeting mainly operations that re- quire the use of heavy tools or the handling of heavy items, we are implementing Kaizen initiatives to reduce workloads while employ- ing automation and Karakuri mechanisms to improve the production efficiency. The effects of Kaizen improvements are evaluated by ask- ing actual workers for feedback. 
Planned cases for improving casting gate removal in three years 
Developing comfortable working conditions 
To develop comfortable working conditions, we improved ambient temperatures by installing air-conditioners and other equipment that heats up or cools down, and reduced noise, including mainly the noise of hammering and air lines in the casting process. 
Case of improvement: Initiative to reduce noise 
We shortened the time air lines are used in the manufacturing process by employing a technique that applies a small amount of mold-release agent to lower noise levels. We will introduce this technique in many of our facilities. 
Eliminating work-related accidents and injuries 
Ahresty has established Ahresty Safety Awareness codes based on the principle of safety first and production activities are conducted following Safety Awareness. Adopting the safety slogan “Find potential hazards in your workplace! Think and act safely by observing the rules!” for the three years from fiscal 2019 to 2021, Ahresty as a whole aims to develop a safe and comfortable working environment through carrying out a variety of safety activities, including providing safety training programs, conducting safety patrols, improving equipment safety functions and providing basic education to prevent fires and accidents. 
(Cases) 
150 100 50 0 
Planned cases for improvements related to heavy materials and unergonomic postures in three years 
   
Future improvement plan 
    
66 
 
2019(20)2Q 3Q 4Q(21)2Q 3Q 4Q 1Q 1Q 
(Cases) 
500 400 300 200 100 
0 
Case of improvement: Introduced a Karakuri device that eliminates the use of hammers Introduced a Karakuri device (employing leverage to amplify the stepping force by 10 to 20 times) for removing casting gates, eliminating the use of metal hammers. 
Industrial accidents 
■Number of accidents involving lost working time ■Number of accidents not involving lost working time Rate of accidents involving lost working time and those that did not Rate of accidents involving lost working time (Cases) 
60 50 40 30 20 

Future improvement plan 
      
173 

2019(20)2Q 3Q 4Q(21)2Q 3Q 4Q 1Q 1Q 
(Rate) 
6 5 4 
0.99 3 3 2 

10 1 13 
0.19 
0 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 0 
*Rate = Number of accidents × 1,000,000 / Total working hours *Starting from FY2017, also includes the number of accidents related to poor 
ergonomics. *Starting from FY2018, also includes the number of accidents on our premises involving 

14 
contracted construction workers. 

Consolidated Financial Highlights 
Sales / Ratio of overseas sales 
■Net sales Ratio of overseas sales 120,577million yen 
Operating income / Operating income margin 
■Operating income Operating income margin 
Net income / Net income margin 
■Net income Net income margin (685million yen) / (0.6%) 
(million yen) (%) 
5,000 5 4,000 4 3,000 3 2,000 2 1,000 1 
00 
/ 45.2% (%) 
100 
80 
60 
40 
20 
0 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Fiscal year) 
764million yen 
(million yen) 
7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000 
0 
/ 0.6% 
  
(million yen) 
150,000 120,000 90,000 60,000 30,000 0 
(%) 
10 8 6 4 2 
            
0 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Fiscal year) 
(1,000) 
(1) 
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Fiscal year) 
 
Significant decrease from the previous year mainly due to the decrease in global production volumes of car manufacturers, our main customers, and the decline in aluminum market conditions. 
Return on equity (ROE) / Return on assets (ROA)*1 Return on equity Return on assets 
Income decreased despite efforts to reduce manufacturing costs by improving productivity through reductions in costs and expenditures, which could not cover the significant decrease in sales. 
Operating cash flow / Free cash flow*2 ■Operating cash flow Free cash flow 
Income substantially decreased due to the increase in tax expenses and other factors associated with a reversal of deferred tax assets of approx. 1 billion yen, which was carried out as a result of a careful examination of the collectability of future deferred tax assets. 
Net interest-bearing debts / Equity ratio 

(1.2%)/(0.6%) 2 40 
16,474millionyen /(1,217millionyen) 
■Net interest-bearing debts Equity ratio 29,529millionyen /46.5% 
  
(%) 
8 6 4 
(million yen) 
24,000 20,000 16,000 12,000 
(million yen) 
10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 
(million yen) (%) 
40,000 100 
           
0 (2) (2,000) 
8,000 4,000 2,000 
30,000 20,000 10,000 
0 
80 60 
20 
0 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Fiscal year) 

00 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Fiscal 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Fiscal 

year) year) Net loss was recorded mainly due to the substantial Operating CF maintained at about the same level decrease in net sales and reversal of deferred tax as the previous year while free CF fell negative as assets, with ROE and ROA both falling negative. a result of an increase in investments in response 
to new orders. 
Number of shares and shareholders Distribution by type of shareholder 
Interest-bearing debts increased along with an increase in investments but the equity ratio and other indicators of financial performance remained at healthy levels. 

Authorized shares: 60,000,000 shares Issued shares: 26,076,717 shares Shareholders: 6,031 
Financial instruments firms 2.0% Other institutions 
12.0% 
Foreign corporations, etc. 
19.2% 
26.3% 
Individuals and others 
40.5% 
Financial institutions 
*1 The Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting and relevant Guidelines have been applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. These accounting standards have been retroactively applied to the figures for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. 
*2 Free cash flow = Cash flows from operating activities – Cash flows from investing activities 
(As of May 31, 2020) 
 
AHRESTY REPORT 2020 15 

Efforts by Business Segment
Die Casting Business
Aiming to Contribute to reducing the weight of vehicles
Taking advantage of our management resources and strengths mainly in BMSE (Block: engine blocks, Mission: transmission, Structure: structural components, and Electric: parts for electric vehicles), our optimal sales activities are tailored to the needs of each region and customer.
 Business Environment and Market Conditions
In fiscal 2019, car sales significantly declined both in Japan and overseas due to the impact of sluggish car exports in Japan, which continued from fiscal 2018, and economic slowdowns in China and India. Under these circumstances, along with the global spread of COVID-19, our orders received and production volumes decreased substantially. Meanwhile, the percentage of electric vehicles (EVs) and hybrid vehicles (HVs) in the total number of new vehicles sold has been growing year by year, and the need for lighter automotive parts will continue to increase as a key to reducing CO2 emissions and extending the cruising distance of EVs, as well as a solution to the increases in vehicle body weight associated with strengthening the vehicle body frame to improve collision safety and improving col- lision-prevention devices.
Results for Fiscal 2019
Die Casting Business: Japan
In the Japanese automobile market, the production volume of car manufacturers, our main customers, fell short of that of the previ- ous year due to a slowdown in domestic demand and a decrease in exports for North America and Southeast Asia, which affected our business, leading to a decrease in orders received. Net sales came to ¥59,500 million (down 12.5% year on year) partly due to a decline in the condition of the aluminum market. On the profitability side, despite our efforts to reduce manufacturing costs, etc., the segment recorded a loss of ¥444 million (a segment profit of ¥871 million was recorded a year earlier) due to the significant impact of the decrease in net sales.
Die Casting Business: North America
In the North American automobile market, the production volume of car manufacturers continued to be slightly short of that of a year earlier. However, mainly due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19 at the end of the fiscal year, the vehicle production volume ended up significantly lower than the previous year. At the Company’s plant in the United States, sales volume substantially decreased due to the impact of this market slowdown and strikes associated with the suspension of operation at some of our customers. Meanwhile, the plant in Mexico also faced a decrease in sales due to the impact of weak sales recorded by car manufacturers, the Company’s main customers. Consequently, net sales in the North American segment stood at ¥30,633 million (down 23.0% year on year) partly due to a decline in the conditions of the aluminum market in both countries in North America. On the profitability front, despite the impact of the decrease in sales volume, the segment recorded profit of ¥635
million (up 416.3% year on year), mainly reflecting a decrease in the burden of depreciation and amortization.
Die Casting Business: Asia
In China, while overall car sales continued to decrease, a decline in sales of Chinese local car manufacturers in particular had a sig- nificant impact on orders received by the Company. Meanwhile, in India, affected by the tightened lending standards for auto loans and enhanced emissions control, which restrained purchases, car sales continued to fall short of that of the previous year, leading to a sig- nificant decrease in our orders received. In addition to the impact of these decreases in car sales in China and India, due to the impacts of a fall in aluminum prices, Asian sales fell 20.4% year on year to ¥23,846 million. In terms of profitability, the segment recorded a profit of ¥3 million (down 99.8% year on year) due to the significant impact of the decrease in net sales.
Fiscal 2019 Results by Segment
Sales 59,500
(Unit: Million yen)
(8,498)
(1,315)
(9,167)
511
(6,125)
(1,837)
          Segment income/loss
(444)
 Sales 30,633
       Segment income/loss
635
 Sales 23,846
Segment
income/loss 3
       16
Japan
North America
Asia
Year ended March 2020 Results
*The Mexico Plant in the North America segment and two plants in China in the Asia segment settle their accounts in December.
YoY changes          Initiatives for 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan Policies and Strategies
Based on our pillar policy of securing sales mainly of BMSE parts, Ahresty has carried out various initiatives, including planning/im- plementing optimal product groups and sales strategies tailored to each region and customer, capturing customer needs and developing technologies in the S segment, increasing orders and enhancing pro- duction capacity in the E segment and reinforcing sales activities to acquire new European and American customers.
Orders for products in the B and M segments for our major customers in Japan increased mainly for Toyota Motor Corporation. Our Indi- an operation has received large orders (total of five items including engine parts and transmission parts). In the E segment, mass pro- duction of some products has started and further growth in this seg- ment is expected. We will enhance our sales activities to increase orders for the S and E segments by paying careful attention to the trends in the automotive industry and our customers.
For major overseas customers, the sales environment changed dra- matically mainly due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in addition to the sluggish market conditions. We narrowed down our product groups by examining the amounts invested and development capabilities and conducted focused sales activities. Through “selec- tion and concentration” of our sales strategies, we increased the rate at which we receive orders.
However, despite unified efforts by the sales, engineering and man- ufacturing departments to improve productivity, reduce the defect rate and enhance our technological capabilities according to the BMSE technology roadmap to achieve the targets, sales for the die casting business for fiscal 2019, affected by fluctuations in aluminum prices and foreign exchange, turned out to be lower than the target. Although COVID-19 makes the future outlook unclear, the automo- bile industry is undergoing a once-in-a-century transformation and significant improvements in automobile fuel economy are required in response to the tightening of environmental regulations in various countries and from the viewpoint of environmental preservation, resulting in a greater need to reduce weight. Aluminum die-cast products, which are light and have a high degree of design freedom, have a significant potential to reduce the weight of automobiles. To contribute to reducing vehicle weight mainly through electrification, Ahresty will endeavor to fulfill this important role by conducting pro- active sales activities.
Representative products for this year
TNGA 1.5L crankcase for new Toyota Yaris
(Casting / processing: Tokai Plant / Ahresty Pretech, Ahresty Ya- magata Dies: Ahresty Die Mold Kumamoto)
* TNGA: Toyota New Global Architecture
 * For hybrid vehicles
New business with Toyota Motor East Japan started
New Yaris
 Ahresty Yamagata started a new business with Toyota Motor East Japan, a company dedicated to production of the Toyota Group’s compact cars. Mass production and delivery of products began in May 2020, along with production by the Tokai Plant and Ahresty Pretech.
Outlook for Fiscal 2020
Faced by changes in the external environment, acceleration of cus- tomer trends towards internal production and local sales and man- ufacturing and escalating competition with competitors, Ahresty will focus its sales promotions on parts for electrified vehicles (HVs, PHVs and EVs) and electrification-related parts, taking advantage of its management resources and strengths, and will make group-wide efforts to become a good strategic partner for our major customers both in Japan and overseas. We will also solve specific problems at each of our manufacturing sites and improve their revenues and asset turnover rates, thereby securing profits for Ahresty as a whole.
 AHRESTY REPORT 2020 17
   Efforts by Business Segment
Aluminum Business
Optimal production know-how creates unrivaled alloy plants
Further develop MONOZUKURI technologies by employing accumulated knowledge and data to improve productivity and earnings.
 Business Environment and Market Conditions
In the midst of a slowdown in the Japanese economy, affected by sluggish domestic sales of automobiles after the consumption tax hike and a decline in exports, as well as a decrease in overseas pro- duction by Japanese car manufacturers, demand for castings and die-cast products for automobiles, which are our mainstay products, declined. Adding to this the global spread of COVID-19, further wors- ening the business environment, resulted in a significant decrease in demand.
Results for Fiscal 2019
In the Aluminum business, net sales decreased 14.7% year on year to ¥3,993 million due to a lower unit sales price affected by the decline in the aluminum market price, although sales volume main- tained about the same level of sales in weight as that of the previous year. On the profitability side, segment profit increased 50.9% year on year to ¥169 million, reflecting lower material prices attributable to a fall in the market price of aluminum.
Initiatives for 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan Policies and Strategies
Under the basic policy of “winning customers’ absolute trust by 2025” in the Ahresty 10-Year Vision, our Kumagaya Plant has been working to improve productivity and reduce costs in manufacturing ingots. With the goal of “improving productivity by employing op- timal alloy production plans and melting methods” included in the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan, studies were made of the components and melting yields of each material in fiscal 2019 to identify problems and implement improvements, thereby reducing the number of times re-alloying is needed. We also revised the melt- ing method to increase the work efficiency and melting speed. By standardizing the revised method, we were able to improve produc- tivity. We will continue to promote initiatives to improve productiv- ity and reduce costs under the safety-first principle, with the aim of making our alloy plants unrivaled in MONOZUKURI.
Outlook for Fiscal 2020
As the COVID-19 pandemic has cooled markets around the world, in- cluding Japan, the aluminum market is suffering severely with low prices and small demand. However, we expect the market to turn for the better along with a recovery in economic activities and a rise in demand in all industries. In the automobile industry, in particular, with its strong demand for weight reduction, expectations are high for aluminum materials. We will therefore take this opportunity to ex- pand demand and promote production activities to better satisfy the needs of our customers. In fiscal 2020, based on the data on melting for each material obtained in fiscal 2019 in addition to the knowledge accumulated so far, we will further deepen our technological know- how to further improve productivity and increase earnings.
Environmentally friendly material, aluminum
standardizing the revised method, we were able to improve produc- tivity. We will continue to promote initiatives to improve productiv- ity and reduce costs under the safety-first principle, with the aim of making our alloy plants unrivaled in MONOZUKURI.
Outlook for Fiscal 2020
As the COVID-19 pandemic has cooled markets around the world, in- cluding Japan, the aluminum market is suffering severely with low prices and small demand. However, we expect the market to turn for the better along with a recovery in economic activities and a rise in demand in all industries. In the automobile industry, in particular, with its strong demand for weight reduction, expectations are high for aluminum materials. We will therefore take this opportunity to ex- pand demand and promote production activities to better satisfy the needs of our customers. In fiscal 2020, based on the data on melting for each material obtained in fiscal 2019 in addition to the knowledge accumulated so far, we will further deepen our technological know- how to further improve productivity and increase earnings.
    Kumagaya Plant with plenty of green
   18
Aluminum is a valuable resource, which can be recycled and reused over and over again. At our Kumagaya plant, die casting products that have been produced in the die casting plant and finished their life on the market, come back to have their life renewed as new material. We have set specific environmental targets for our production activities to reduce the environmental impact of our manufacturing processes.
⇒ P26. An environment-friendly company

Efforts by Business Segment
MOVAFLOR (Proprietary Products Business)
Keeping the No. 1 share in raised floor systems
for clean rooms in Japan for over 10 consecutive years!
Achieved the sales target for FY2019 mainly due to a large order received for clean rooms for semiconductor plants. Promoting sales to expand sales in China and other Asian markets
 Business Environment and Market Conditions
In fiscal 2019, the raised floor system (aluminum) market in Japan de- clined significantly to 72% of the previous year, mainly due to a de- crease in the number of construction projects as a result of the slow- down in the Japanese economy. In fiscal 2020 and beyond, despite uncertainties remaining due to the impact of COVID-19, demand for data centers associated with the expansion of the use of automated driving and the spread of IoT, AI, 5G and other cloud services, and the demand for clean rooms for manufacturing semiconductors are expected to grow.
Results for Fiscal 2019
In the Proprietary Products business, net sales decreased 12.5% year on year to ¥2,603 million, mainly reflecting a decrease in orders for projects of the Company’s main customers, namely a clean room at a semiconductor-related company and a data center at a telecom- munications company. On the profitability front, segment profit de- creased 11.9% year on year to ¥277 million chiefly due to the impact of decreased orders.
Initiatives for 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan Policies and Strategies
We will secure the top share in the raised floor system market in Japan. We conducted strategic sales promotion activities based on an analysis of markets and customers, and obtained continuous orders for a large clean room project for semiconductor plants. As a result, we achieved our sales targets for FY2019. We are also increasing sales activities to develop new customers for fiscal 2020 and 2021.
Overseas, with the aim of expanding sales in China and other Asian markets, we worked to develop new customers and expand our sales
“MOVAFLOR” boasts a wide range of delivery records
Ahresty developed the first raised floor system, “MOVAFLOR”, in Japan in 1962 and has been devoted to the quality research and development of raised floor systems thereafter for nearly half a century. MOVAFLOR is delivered to all prefectures of Japan from Hokkaido to Okinawa Prefecture, and is widely used in clean rooms, data centers, factories, offices, etc. We are proud to hold the No. 1 market share for clean rooms in Japan for over 10 years. It has applied in the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building, Tokyo Sky Tree, Yokohama Landmark Tower, Kansai International Airport, etc.
Hold the No.1 share for clean rooms in Japan!
MOVAFLOR proprietary raised floor system
channels, taking advantage of the strengths we have worked to develop in our MOVAFLOR business, and enhanced far-sighted sales promotion capabilities by promoting human resources development. We are also working to develop competitive new products, which are scheduled to be launched in fiscal 2020. We will thus make continuous efforts to expand sales on a global scale.
Outlook for Fiscal 2020
While continuing strategic sales activities in Japan, we will also conduct sales activities focusing on China and Southeast Asia. In China, which is a big market, we will make the most of Ahresty’s MOVAFLOR production base in the country. Aiming to achieve better quality, more competitive prices, and higher productivity than all our competitors, we will strengthen ties with Chinese customers, proac- tively offer technological proposals and quotations from the design drawing stage, and aggressively conduct other activities based on interdepartmental collaboration between manufacturing and sales to expand our sales channels.
       AHRESTY REPORT 2020 19
  For Sustainable Growth
We believe that in order to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities and grow sustainably, it is important for Ahresty to address social issues through its business activities taking advantage of its strengths.
 High
Priority tasks  Issues selected as having a big impact on Ahresty and Ahresty’s stakeholders to be addressed as priority goals
Issues to be promoted in daily work operations
  Monitoring tasksMonitoring tasks
Impact on Ahresty
High
Priority tasks
  Acquiring greater trust and achieving sustainable growth
To win greater trust from its stakeholders by responding to their expectations and to achieve sustainable growth by solving social issues through its business activities, Ahresty decided to hold a Sus- tainability Meeting in March 2020. At this meeting, which is held twice each year, KPIs of Ahresty’s priority tasks approved by the Board of Directors are examined and determined, monitoring tasks are decided, and PDCA management and the handling of other is- sues are discussed. The tasks decided at the Sustainability Meet- ing will be promoted by relevant departments and committees in the Ahresty Group. In fiscal 2020, we will focus on examining and determining KPIs for priority tasks, deciding monitoring tasks, and implementing relevant measures.
Social issues that Ahresty should address
At Ahresty, social issues that should be addressed are classified based on two criteria—their impact on stakeholders and their im- pact on Ahresty, in light of the SDGs that form the common goals of the international community decided at the UN Sustainable Devel- opment Summit. With the approval of the Board of Directors, Ahres- ty has selected Goal 7 and Goal 13 of these SDGs as priority tasks that may contribute significantly to solving social issues and that are closely related to manufacturing aluminum die castings, Ahresty’s main business. In manufacturing processes, we will improve produc- tion efficiency and reduce the amount of fossil fuel resources used, thereby raising the rate of improvement of energy efficiency. We will also help reduce the weight of cars and improve fuel efficiency through manufacturing and sales of our products, with the aim of reducing CO2 emissions to mitigate the impact of climate change. For monitoring tasks, we will continue to advance various initiatives in our daily business activities, including enhancing our corporate governance structure and developing a corporate culture in which employees can observe their personal development and find their work rewarding.
 • Deciding priority tasks Board of Directors
  • Held twice a year
• Examining and deciding KPIs
for priority tasks
• Deciding monitoring tasks • PDCA management
• Checking content of
disclosed information
Sustainability Meeting
[Chairperson] Director in charge of General Administrative Command
[Members] Representatives of relevant committees and departments
 Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all
Reducing the use of fossil fuels by improving production efficiency
⇒ Improving energy efficiencyTake urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts
Our aluminum die-cast products contribute to reducing the weight of vehicles.
⇒ Reducing CO2 emissions to mitigate the impact of cli- mate change20
* Additional departments or committees are called depending on the social issues being addressed.

For Sustainable Growth
Corporate Governance
Improving Corporate Governance
Ahresty is making efforts to improve its corporate governance, thereby boosting profitability of the entire Ahresty Group and improving its management and capital efficiency and increasing its corporate value.
Ahresty believes that the basic policies of corporate governance should be to clarify its management responsibilities and account- ability to all of its shareholders and other stakeholders and to es- tablish a management system capable of making decisions promptly with a high level of transparency. Ahresty also focuses its efforts on improving its internal control and risk management systems, and establishing a management system capable of supervising the busi- ness activities of the entire Group.
Since it became a company with an audit and supervisory commit- tee in 2015, Ahresty has implemented various initiatives to enhance its corporate governance, including the introduction of a restricted stock compensation plan and evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors (questionnaire survey) in 2018 and setting up of the Nomination and Compensation Committee in 2019 to discuss the appointment/dismissal of directors, remunerations and require- ments for director candidates.
Our basic policy on return of profits is to provide appropriate returns to shareholders while bolstering the financial structure and manage- ment base for business development in the medium and long terms. In the first half of fiscal 2019, in addition to an interim dividend pay- ment, Ahresty carried out a buyback of its shares (worth 300 mil- lion yen (about 2% of outstanding shares)). We regret that we are unable to pay year-end dividends in view of the rapid changes in the external environment caused by the outbreak of COVID-19 in the fourth quarter. However, we will make continuous efforts to further improve our corporate governance while working to increase our corporate value and returns to our shareholders.
Corporate Governance Code formulated.
Stewardship Code 2014 formulated.
Corporate governance system
  Directors who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee
Board of Directors (10 directors)
 Directors
(excluding directors who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
5 5
(including 4 Independent Directors)
2 4
    Nomination and Compensation Committee (6 members)
 Inside Directors
  Independent Directors
 History of corporate governance reforms
Corporate Governance 2018 Code revised.
 2019
Nomination and Compensation Committee started working.
  2018
Restricted stock compensation plan introduced. Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors (questionnaire survey) introduced.
 2015
  2016
Improvements to governance in
line with Corporate Governance Code.
 2015
Became a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee.
  Director
(Audit and Supervisory Committee member)
Hiroshi Ishimaru
Ahresty became a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee in 2015. The purpose of this shift was to improve its governance. We have appointed four Independent Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Commit- tee members to listen to opinions of outsiders from a broad viewpoint, thereby improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Ahresty has implemented various initiatives to improve governance, such as introducing an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors in 2018 and setting up of the Nomination and Com- pensation Committee in 2019, and it will make continuous efforts to deepen management’s understanding of the purpose of the Corporate Governance Code and to increase transparency and effectiveness of our governance.
 AHRESTY REPORT 2020 21Impact on Ahresty’s stakeholders
  Analysis and evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
At the Board of Directors meetings, active discussions are held on management strategies, corporate governance, capital investment and various other management issues and business execution, while opinions are exchanged with Independent Directors. In fiscal 2019, 13 meetings of the Board of Directors were held.
Ahresty evaluates the effectiveness of its Board of Directors to rein- force the supervising function of the Board of Directors and increase its effectiveness. The role of the Board of Directors is constantly discussed in view of changes in the business environment and ex- pansion of our business on a global scale, and a questionnaire survey was introduced to enable the directors themselves to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Items in the self-evaluation questionnaire for the Board of Directors
Proper composition of members Proper proposals
Free and vigorous discussions Training of newly appointed directors
Provision of information on internal and external business environments
Allowing sufficient time for deliberation Updating management/business strategies
Reporting and handling risks
Establishing/observing and proper monitoring/supervision of the code of conduct and other rules
Effectiveness of the whistle-blowing system
Performance indicators
Reference to external information Reviewing adequacy of the quality and quantity of information
Setting proper annual goals for senior management
Evaluation results and future initiatives
The evaluation concluded that the composition of the Board of Directors was appropriate and that its effectiveness was ensured, and active discussions were held mainly on the Medi- um-Term Management Plan and other manage- ment strategies. Further improvements to the quality of information were pointed out as a task for the future.
• Review information regarding management and business strategies and performance monitoring
• Improve training for directors
Executive remuneration under the restricted stock compensation plan
With a view to achieving the 10-Year Vision and the medium-term management plan, Ahresty introduced a restricted stock compensa- tion plan in FY2018 to (i) provide executives with an incentive to con- tinuously improve the corporate value of Ahresty, (ii) facilitate their sense of shared values with shareholders and (iii) establish greater linkage with medium- to long-term performance goals. The restrict- ed stock compensation plan consists of performance-linked shares with transfer restrictions, which are subject to Ahresty achieving its medium- to long-term performance goals, and work-continua- tion-linked shares with transfer restrictions subject to continuous service as directors of Ahresty over a certain period of time.
Under the restricted stock compensation plan, a certain amount of the restricted stock is designed to reflect the degree to which the medium-term management plans are attained, performance results and other factors. Ahresty will strive to improve its performance re- sults and promote further value sharing with its shareholders from the medium- to long-term perspectives.Composition and operation of Board of DirectorsManagement strategies and business strategiesRisks and risk managementCorporate ethicsMonitoring performanceEvaluation and compensation for management      Transfer restriction period
Performance-linked shares with transfer restrictions
Three years, in principle, to match the period of the medium-term management plans
30 years
Work conditions
Work-continua- tion-linked shares with transfer restrictions
   Conditions for lifting transfer restrictions
Work conditions Work performance conditions
*Work performance conditions: Evaluated based on the manage- ment indicators specified in the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan (sales, operating income margin, return on assets (ROA), and return on equity (ROE))  Evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors Overall evaluation resultsFuture initiatives22  Risk Management
Ahresty’s action principle for risk management is to avoid risks that may seriously affect its business management and address any risk that arises promptly and properly in a manner that will not undermine the safety, health or interest of any stakeholder so as to achieve a quick recovery while working to protect its management resources and minimize any damage from the risk, thereby ensuring the conti- nuity of its business management. Based on the Risk Management Rule it has established regarding risks associated with its business activities, Ahresty identifies, analyzes and evaluates risks regularly in light of the environment and trends both inside and outside the Company, holds discussions on priority activities and their aims, and checks improvements to risk management systems and frameworks for the entire Group.
Identifying and responding to risks
Ahresty selected 11 risk items as its risk management items for fiscal 2019 and appointed departments to be responsible for each risk. These included “transactions and compliance,” “disasters,” and “products and services.” By clarifying the degree of impact and causes of each risk, Ahresty has been working to enhance preven- tion, initial response and measures for recovery.
FY2019 risk management items and initiatives to enhance responses (excerpts)
Formulated guidelines for responses to ty- phoons and heavy rain and implemented measures against disasters, such as the introduction of emergency communication devices.
Formulated guidelines on how to respond to the COVID-19 new coronavirus, and imple- mented measures to prevent the infection of employees, including introducing telework- ing and staggered commuting hours. Also clarified measures to prevent the spread of the virus by infected employees that would enable business to continue in the event of an emergency.
Established internal rules, strengthened management of information devices, and limited access to information, thereby pre- venting leakage of information due to inter- nal fraud or external cyberattacks, etc.
Compliance
Ahresty considers the trust of its stakeholders to be the starting point in conducting all of its business activities, and follows a man- agement philosophy of making constant efforts to raise its corpo- rate value. The Compliance Principles and the Ahresty Group Code of Conduct have been established as standards to be observed by all executives and employees. By repeatedly communicating these standards with the proper timing and in a suitable manner, Ahresty aims to prevent illegal acts in advance. We will not only observe and adhere to laws and company rules but also engage in fair and honest business activities, in compliance with our corporate ethics and the standards of ethical behavior expected by society.
Compliance Promotion Framework
Ahresty has established a Global Compliance Committee to pro- mote compliance at all of its business locations globally. The Global Compliance Committee holds regular meetings twice each year and extra meetings as necessary to plan and implement all aspects of the Group’s compliance framework and to discuss compliance-relat- ed problems for the entire Group and decide on solutions. Each site or department is also required to establish a compliance committee to implement a series of initiatives to plan, promote, and evaluate activities appropriate for the compliance risks of the site or depart- ment. For employees, training programs using e-learning or by other means that are designed to raise their awareness of compliance are offered in a timely manner, such as when they join the company or when they are promoted. Ahresty has also established a Compliance Reporting System and set up points of contact for consultations re- lating to all aspects of compliance both inside and outside the com- pany, to create an environment in which employees feel no reserva- tions in using the system. To protect the privacy of informants and prevent them from suffering discrimination, Ahresty has established Guideline for Compliance Reporting System and handles all cases according to this guideline.
   Risk management item
 Disasters
(Typhoon, heavy rain)
Measures to ensure business continuation
 Occupational safety and health
(Infectious diseases)
 Information security
(Leakage of information)
 AHRESTY REPORT 2020 23

For Sustainable Growth 
Society 
Developing a corporate culture in which employees can observe their personal development and find their work rewarding 
For the sustainable growth of Ahresty, we believe that it is crucial to develop a corporate culture in which each employee can grow through their work, and have pride and motivation in their work and workplace. 
Occupational Safety and Health Policy 
Top Management’s Commitment 
Top management will establish occupational safety and health management systems to develop and maintain a working environment where all associates at the Ahresty Group can work without risk to health and safety. Top management will also establish a Safety & Health Management Committee at each site, which reflects associate feedback to the systems to promote continual improvement. 
Our Declaration 
We at Ahresty will: 
1.Work with Ahresty Safety Awareness in mind; 2.Work toward occupational safety and health goals to achieve a healthy workplace with 
zero accidents; 3.Comply with occupational safety and health requirements, such as national and local 
laws and regulations; and 4.Strive to develop a safety working environment and raise safety awareness through in- 
volvement in occupational safety and health activities, such as risk assessment, educa- tion and training, HHK and KY activities. 
      
For higher quality and improved productivity Development of human resources that underpin our MONOZUKURI To achieve high quality and productivity in manufacturing, Ahresty is committed to systematic human resources development according to its strategic human resources plan (human resources roadmap) both inside and outside of Japan. The training system consists of common education programs and specialized education programs, which are designed to teach a range of professional skills. They allow employees to receive systematic training of the same quality at all sites both inside and outside of Japan. From FY2016 we rolled out RST Gakuen (academy) which passes on knowhow about MONOZUKURI built up since Ahresty’s foundation, thus developing the Global RST Learning, a training structure under which all our employees can receive the same level of training globally. We recommend that training on the importance of standards should be made available to all employees. Moreover, we train the team leaders of our manufacturing process- es to be G/E Trainers, enabling them to acquire the abilities neces- sary to analyze the current situation and find concrete solutions to problems and to offer guidance and instruction to their team. We also hold a Global Kaizen Meeting, where engineers from all bas- es gather together to exchange technologies and mutually improve their skills through the presentation of Kaizen cases and group dis- cussions. Through these programs and events, Ahresty works to de- velop human resources who support manufacturing in various ways. 
Changes in the number of on-site supervisors qualified as G/E Trainers 
■Overseas ■Japan (persons) 
160 
120 
80 
40 
0 
2015 
2016 
2017 
146 
51 
95 
2018 2019 
   
24 
Quality Month activities 
Ahresty Safety Awareness 1.Safety must be prioritized more than 
any other aspect. 
2.Safety is more important than any other aspect. 
3.Safety is always more important than efficiency of production. 
4.Safety starts with arrangement, orderliness and cleaning. 
5.Ahresty does not need associates who cannot prioritize safety. 
To contribute to improving the quality of its products and services, Ahresty has allocated a Quality Month (November), which is broad- ly promoted to raise quality awareness and disseminate activities to promote quality control. During Quality Month, activities include holding quality KYT/AKS activities, encouraging Quality Awareness Proposals and other initiatives to raise quality awareness. The num- ber of Quality Awareness Proposals gathered has increased year by year and reached 1,833 from individuals and 210 from groups in fiscal 2019. Outstanding proposals are used to improve product quality, work efficiency and work quality. 
 
Developing human resources and response to diversified workstyles With the population increasingly aging and with the declining birth- rate, recruiting, developing and retaining competent human resourc- es is crucial for the improvement of corporate value. Ahresty be- lieves that allowing each employee to play an active role that makes the most of their capabilities results in growth for the company. 
Improving the personnel system 
A new personnel system was introduced in April 2019 to respond to diversifying workstyles and to enable the personal development of each employee. The new personnel system features a Course Sys- tem that allows each employee to select a workstyle that fits their lifestyle, career vision and personal situation. We also revised the job class, salary, bonus, and evaluation systems and introduced a Class System in which the areas of job responsibility are divided into expert duties and management duties and employees are sorted into performance-based classes in a role-based hierarchy. We have also introduced allowances that follow the principle of equal pay for equal work and revised the leave system. 
Response to diversifying workstyles 
At Ahresty, all female employees may take maternity leave before and after childbirth and child care leave. Male employees are also encouraged to take childcare leave. To support female employees in playing an active role throughout the different stages of their life, Ahresty is working to establish an environment in which employees feel comfortable in taking maternity and childcare leave, and which allows them to work reduced hours after their leave until their chil- dren are in the third year of elementary school, helping them to bal- ance childcare and work. Ahresty has also introduced various other programs to promote flexible workstyles, including a flextime pro- gram, teleworking (home working), and a nursing care leave system. 
Together with the Community Training human resources who will move the manufacturing industry forward In July 2018, Ahresty India, an Indian subsidiary of Ahresty, was certified as a Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and opened Ahresty JIM. The Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) is implemented under the Manufacturing Skill Transfer Promotion Programme, which was signed by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan and the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship of India (MSDE) in November 2016, to train human resources who can devel- op the manufacturing industry in India. In fiscal 2019, Ahresty JIM admitted 53 new students who will study Japanese-style MONOZU- KURI and play core roles at the manufacturing sites. 

Human resources data (As of March 31, 2020) Number of Group employees and percentage of overseas employees 
Percentage of 
overseas 6,780 employees 
Percentage of female employees taking maternity leave before and after childbirth and child care leave. 
100% 
Reemployment rate of employees retiring at the age of 60 
83.3% 
Ahresty JIM 
   
Employees 
 
persons 
65.2% 
(4,421 persons) 
73.9% 
6.06% 
Average overtime hours 
9:40 h / month * Figures other than the number of Group employees and percentage of overseas employees are nonconsolidated data. 
Percentage of employees taking paid leave 
Turnover rate 
AHRESTY REPORT 2020 25 

For Sustainable Growth 
Environment 
An environment-friendly company 
In creating an environment-friendly company, Ahresty engages in various initiatives to prevent pollution and save energy and resources in its manufacturing processes. 
Ahresty Environmental Policy 
	1.	We are aware that our activities of development, production, sales, and disposal are related to and influence the global environment, and we establish the environmental purpose, goal, and implementation plan, revise them as necessary, and constantly strive for improvement in our environmental conservation activities.  
	2.	We observe environmental regulations, rules, and agreements of federal and local governments, stakeholders etc., and establish our own standards within feasible technical and economical range, and strive for further environmental protection.  
	3.	We give special priority to the following aspects and make effort to protect the environment and prevent pollution. 
	.	(1)  We thoroughly manage and constantly improve the facilities and processes related to air pollution and water contamination.  
	.	(2)  We maintain a 100% recycle rate in regard to waste materials.  
	.	(3)  We promote the reduction of the total amount of waste materials, the expansion of aluminum recycling business,  and contribute to recycling-oriented society.  
	.	(4)  We aim to reduce CO2 emission, and are conscious of global warming.  
	.	(5)  We aim to develop and design environmentally friendly products and commodities.  
	4.	We constantly stimulate awareness for environmental issues among our employees with respect to environmental protection by means of providing training as well as internally communicating the policy.  
	5.	We enhance a harmonious relationship with society by striving toward environmental conservation of the local community.  

Environmental Targets and Results for plants in Japan in fiscal 2019 
To reduce the environmental impact of our manufacturing processes, we have set specific environmental targets for our production activities. 
* Target achievement level: 1 (not achieved) < 5 (achieved) 
Eliminate non-conforming external leaks and complaints. 
Set targets for each site. *Continue monitoring and implementing 
activities to improve the recycling rate. 
Set targets for each site. * For overseas business sites, set a target of reducing by at least 1.0% over FY2019. *Continue monitoring and implement- 
ing activities required to improve the energy consumption rate calculated by positively evaluating actions to reduce peak electricity demand. 
Set targets for each site. * For overseas business sites, set a target of reducing by at least 1.0% over FY2019. 
Set a target for the number of times each business site must organize social contri- bution activities related to the environment. *Social contribution activities related to 
the environment refer to activities for community clean-ups and to preserve Satoyama, socio-ecological production landscapes. 
Introduce greening activities that im- prove the landscape at each site, refer- ring to the Ahresty greening guidelines. 
    
Environmental category 
 
Atmosphere, water quality, noise, etc. 

Waste materials 
FY 2019 targets 
Prevent environmental problems such Eliminate non-conforming external leaks Non-conforming external leaks and com- 
as atmospheric pollution, and complaints. plaints were eliminated. water contamination and noise pollution. 
FY 2019 results 
Evaluation* 
FY 2020 targets 

Reduce total waste generation rate by Reduce the total amount 1% or more over the previous fiscal year. The target was achieved at six out of the 
of waste materials. *Continue monitoring and implementing 11 targeted business sites. activities to improve the recycling rate. 
5 
3 
     
Saving energy and natural resources 
Reduce CO2 emissions to counter global warming. 
Reduce CO2 emission intensity by 4% compared with fiscal year 2015 (or a 1% reduction compared with the previous fiscal year for business sites that have already met the target). 
Alternatively, consultations with the sec- retariat for all companies. *Continue monitoring and implement- 
ing activities required to improve the energy consumption rate calculated by positively evaluating actions to reduce peak electricity demand. 
The target was achieved in four out of the 11 targeted business sites. * The power coefficient is fixed. 
2 
         
Reduce water consumption per ton of Reduce the consumption of water production. Of the six targeted business sites, two 
used in processes. *Target value should be determined by sites met the target. each business site. 
2 
     
Other 
Introduce social contribution activities. 
Set a target for the number of times each business site must organize social contri- bution activities related to the environment. *Social contribution activities related to 
the environment refer to activities for community clean-ups and to preserve of Satoyama, socio-ecological production landscapes. 
Eleven of the 13 business sites met their targets. About 80 plans were held in all compa- nies. 
4 
          
Increase greening activities that improve Increase greening of sites. the landscape at each site, referring to 
the Ahresty greening guidelines. 
Greening activities that improve the land- scape were increased at all sites, result- ing in active communication both inside and outside the company. 
5 
 
26 
Environmental targets in 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan 
*Ahresty has also set environmental targets at its overseas plants, including reducing CO2 and water consumption, in the same target categories as those adopted in Japan to carry out global environmental management. 

Raising environmental awareness 
Ahresty hosts various educational events and communication activ- ities related to the environment to raise its employees’ environmen- tal awareness. 
Ahresty Green Convention 
Ahresty Green Convention is an assembly held under the Environ- mental Policy for reporting on cases of improvements in a broad range of environment-related fields. Effective activities reported at the Convention are introduced at other business sites and then throughout the Group, with the aim of helping reduce the environ- mental impact and preserve the environment in local communities. 
Cases of improvements reported at the 17th Ahresty Green Convention 
Reduction of gas consumption by heat-treating furnaces 
Reduction of environmental impact by shortening work- ing hours and saving resources when manufacturing re- use dies and multipurpose dies 
Countermeasures for water leaks, automated water quali- ty adjustment of the plant’s circulating water, JECSS return water collection to reduce per-unit water consumption 
Activities to reduce water consumption Reduction of cost of disposing of wood pallets 
Reduction of tap water consumption 
Countermeasures for deterioration of waste water treatment machines 
Reduction of power consumption by introducing LED lighting Report on social contribution activities. Reduction of waste cutting oil concentrated liquid waste 
Active contribution to conservation activities 
In response to our employees’ wish to contribute to environmental protection outside the workplace, Ahresty is introducing activities to protect the natural environment, including clean-ups of neighboring areas, and activities to preserve biodiversity, such as the protec- tion of Socio-Ecological Production Landscapes (Satochi-satoyama) through planting trees and thinning forests. 
Results of initiatives (plants in Japan) 
CO2 emissions* 
The figures show the consump- tion of fuel and electric power after conversion to CO2 emis- sions. The line graph shows the CO2 emissions calculated using the conversion factors published by the electric power companies. 
* At the six main plants in Japan 
Unit CO2 emissions* 
■Conversion factors: fixed values Conversion factors: published values 
(thousand t-CO2) 
120 100 80 60 40 20 
0 2015 2016 2017 2018 
■Conversion factors: fixed values Conversion factors: published values 
96.1 
91.8 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
881.8 
856.1 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
1,485 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
279 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
86.0 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
       
The basic CO2 emissions unit is (kg-CO2/Production weight t) calculated by dividing the CO2 1,000 emissions by the production 800 weight, indicating the amount 
600 
        
Ahresty Tochigi 
Location 
Theme 
of CO2 emitted in producing 1t. 

* At the six main plants in Japan 400 To evaluate the effects of CO2 200 emission reduction activities, CO2 0 conversion factors are calculated 2015 2016 based on the past fixed value. 
Discharged materials (t) 
Discharged materials shows 2,500 all the materials discharged 2,000 from business offices, in- 1,500 cluding valuable materials 1,000 and waste, except steel and 500 aluminum. 
0 
2017 2018 
2017 2018 
2017 2018 
2017 2018 
 
Ahresty Die Mold Hamamatsu 
  
Tokai Plant 
  
Kumagaya Plant 
 
Higashimatsuyama Plant 
   
Ahresty Kumamoto 
 
Ahresty Pretech 
 
Technical Center 

2015 2016 
 
Tokyo Head Office 
 
Ahresty Yamagata 
  
Water consumption (Thousand m3) Water consumption shows 400 
 
the amount of clean water 300 and groundwater consumed. 200 Reduction in the use of water resources has been 100 included in our targets since 
fiscal 2011. 0 
Percentage of (%) employees with 100 Ahresty eco Licenses 80 
60 
internal examination system designed to improve its em- 0 ployees’ awareness of the environment. 
2015 2016 
2015 2016 
        
Ahresty has established the Ahresty eco License, a unique 40 
20 

AHRESTY REPORT 2020 27 

Material Flows
Production activities require energy and materials and involve emissions.
Ahresty allocates costs to measures to reduce the environmental impact in its manufacturing processes, including the introduction of equipment for reducing the impact.
Aluminum resources
31,249t
Aluminum alloy ingots
157,426t
Fuels
(heavy oil, kerosene, etc.)
14,520kl
Electricity 123,210kWh
Gas 3,850t
Clean water 121,742m³
Groundwater 157,177m³
Chemical materials
(materials subject to internal reporting)
9,364kg
INPUT (consumption)
  Environmental conservation costs
Categories
Main initiatives
Investments
Expenses
(1) Costs incurred by the business site areas(1) - 1
Pollution prevention costsManagement, updating and introduction of wastewater treatment facilities, maintenance and management of waste gas treatment and dust collection equipment and noise control measures132,801
56,597
(1) - 2
Global environmental conservation costs
Energy (electricity and heavy oil) saving activities, the introduction of energy saving facilities, the greening of the plant environment and the monitoring of electric power consumption
190,200
33,081(1) - 3
Resources recycling costsRecycling of water, treatment (separation a nd disposal) of waste, and use of recycled oil
35,112
260,616(1) Subtotal
358,113
350,294(2) Upstream and downstream costsPurchasing of green materials0
53,857
(3) Management activities costs
Environmental Committee, internal auditing, measuring of the levels of smoke, dioxin, exhaust gas and noise, internal education and training and maintenance of ISO14001 certification
0
8,048(4) Research and development costsAlloy association (environmental conservation theme) and examinations of substances contained in ingots that have a negative environmental impact0
625
(5) Social activities costs
Holding of plant tours, community cleaning activities, community communication activities, volunteer activities and NPO donations
0
6,832(6) EnvironmentaldamagecountermeasurecostsPollution load charges0
2,967
(2) to (6) Subtotal
0
72,329(7) (Income)UpstreamanddownstreamcostSales of valuable materials (steel scrap, waste plastic, shell, waste oil, waste paper, etc.)0
58,612
Total358,113
422,62328
Reporting period: From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020 (Unit: thousand yen)
* Investments are those made in fixed assets, such as facilities, and expenses are those incurred with regard to other matters.
78,025t
29,225t
125
52t
OUTPUT (production and emissions)
 Product production volume
Aluminum alloy ingots Production volume [Kumagaya Plant]
Die production volume (including components) [Die group]
CO2 105,047t-CO2
Discharged water 79,862m³
Waste
(recycling)
1,433t
Waste
(final disposal) Corporate Information
Corporate Profile
Directors
President, CEO
Arata Takahashi
Representative Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer Junji Ito
Representative Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer Shinichi Takahashi
Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer Naoyuki Kaneta
Director, Managing Executive Officer Shinichi Gamou
Director
(Audit & Supervisory
Committee member)
Hiroshi Ishimaru
Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officer
Koji Arai
Executive Officer
Tsuruo Tsuji
Executive Officer
Takanori Mabuchi
Executive Officer
Hideki Nariya
Executive Officer
Satoshi Tagai
Company name Capital Established Employees
Ahresty Corporation ¥6,964 Million November 2, 1943 Consolidated : 6,780 Single Entity : 936
Independent Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee member) Akihiko Shido
Independent Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee member) Shuhei Shiozawa
Independent Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee member) Masahito Saotome
Independent Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee member) Akiyoshi Mori
Sites Information
[ Japan ]
Head Office and Technical Center
Product Design, Research and Development ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Tokyo Head Office
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Tokai Plant
Die Casting
ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Higashimatsuyama Plant
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Kumagaya Plant
Aluminum Alloy Ingots Production ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Tochigi Corporation
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Ahresty Kumamoto Corporation
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Ahresty Yamagata Corporation
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
[ USA ]
  Ahresty Die Mold Hamamatsu Corporation
Die Casting Dies
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi Corporation
Die Casting Dies
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Die Mold Kumamoto Corporation
Die Casting Dies
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Pretech Corporation
Machining and Part Assembling of Die Cast Products ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Ahresty Techno Service Corporation
Manufacture and Sales of Peripheral Equipment for Die Cast Production
ISO 14001 / ISO 9001
Ahresty Wilmington Corporation
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
[ Mexico ]
Ahresty Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling, Die Casting Dies ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
[ China ]
Guangzhou Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd.
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd.
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling, Raised Floor Production
ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
Ahresty Precision Die Mold (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
Die Casting Dies ISO 9001
[ India ]
Ahresty India Private Limited
Die Casting, Machining, Part Assembling ISO 14001 / IATF 16949
[ Thai ]
Thai Ahresty Die Co., Ltd.
Die Casting Dies ISO 9001
Thai Ahresty Engineering Co., Ltd.
Design of Die Castings, Die Casting Dies and 3D Modeling
 AHRESTY REPORT 2020 29Types of costs
 Closing Special Feature
Sustainability Dialogue
Representative Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Shinichi Takahashi
Independent Director
(Audit & Supervisory Committee member)
Shuhei Shiozawa
 Chairman, Sustainability Meeting (Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer in charge of General Administrative Command)
Shinichi Takahashi
President, Tokyo International University Professor Emeritus, Keio University Independent Director
(Audit & Supervisory Committee member)
Shuhei Shiozawa
  Ahresty’s corporate activities and the SDGs Achieving sustainable growth while acquiring greater trust and solving social issues
Ahresty has established an organizational structure that will start working on the SDGs from fiscal 2020 toward achieving sustainable growth. The following is a dialogue on Ahresty’s initiatives for SDGs between Shuhei Shiozawa,
Independent Director and the President of Tokyo International University, and Shinichi Takahashi,
Representative Director and Executive Officer in charge of promoting SDGs.
   Facilitator
J-Eurus IR Co., Ltd. After working for a major distribution company, joined J-Eurus IR Co., Ltd. in 2010. Involved in projects to support IR activities, surveys to identify shareholders in Japan and overseas, interviews with institu-
 Harayama: First, I think that it is not only companies, but society as a whole who have become increasingly interest- ed in SDGs in recent years. What do you think lies behind this trend?
Shiozawa: I think that environmental issues are increasingly recognized as urgent problems. These problems cannot be solved solely by national or local governments but require commitments of the whole of society, including businesses and individuals. I guess people are beginning to
share this sense of crisis. And companies are required to make efforts to achieve sustainable development through their respective business activities, and leverage such efforts to ensure the growth of the companies themselves. Technological and organizational capabilities of companies are expected to play a key role in addressing the social issues.
Harayama: Are any specific requests actually being raised by society? Takahashi: Today, we are required to
be more accountable than ever for our SDGs initiatives. In Japan, the principle of “Sanpo Yoshi,” or three-way satisfac- tion, has taken root since the Edo Period. Good for the seller, good for the buyer, and good for society. There are many companies doing business under the principle that it is natural for a company to contribute to society as it grows. And we did not think it necessary to proudly announce this principle. However, on a global scale, Japanese companies should
Maki Harayama
tional investors and other research and analysis, and overseas IR/SR support.
  30
 be able to clearly demonstrate their con- tributions to the world. Ahresty contrib- utes significantly to solving social issues through its businesses. I think we need to make this fact known.
Harayama: You have picked up mitigat- ing the impact of climate change and improving energy efficiency from the SDGs as your priority tasks. Why did you choose these two goals?
Takahashi: We examined the SDGs based on their relationship with manu- facturing aluminum die castings, Ahres- ty’s main business, and the potential to contribute to social issues, and selected the goals that are most relevant from both of these perspectives. For mitiga- tion of the impact of climate change, I think Ahresty can contribute in three points. First point is about CO2 emissions in our manufacturing processes. We will improve our manufacturing efficiency. This will be closely related to reducing CO2 emissions, a cause of global warm- ing, as well as reducing costs. Next, over 90% of our products are installed in cars. Cars generate CO2 while driving. We will provide our technologies to reduce the weight of cars and improve their fuel efficiency, consequently reducing CO2 emissions. I think that Ahresty’s technol- ogies may also contribute to promoting the shift to mobility that runs with clean energy, as represented by CASE. Shiozawa: I think that its contribution to reducing vehicle weight is what is most expected of Ahresty. Ahresty has the technological capabilities to do this. Addressing the tasks through its busi- ness activities is the most efficient way, associated with a high degree of contri- bution not only for the company itself but also for society as a whole. Lighter cars and improved fuel economy are good for both consumers and Ahresty. And they will lead to solving social issues. This is absolutely the “Sanpo-Yoshi,” three-way satisfaction. We must maintain the San- po Yoshi principle in our sustainability initiatives.
Takahashi: Next is improving energy efficiency. We use fossil fuels when melting aluminum. We will improve the
melting efficiency as much as possible. Also, if we raise the percentage of good aluminum die-cast products, we can re- duce the energy necessary for casting, which will directly result in improved profitability for our business. This initia- tive will have a significant impact on our business through controlling operations in our plants. And if we accelerate such control, we can make a greater contribu- tion to solving social issues.
Shiozawa: This is also Sanpo Yoshi. When energy efficiency is improved, costs will be lowered, helping to enhance competitiveness for customers. If ener- gy consumption is reduced, it is good for society. Aluminum manufacturing con- sumes energy. I think it is good that a business associated with a particularly large amount of energy consumption is working to reduce it.
Harayama: For the future, what do you expect of Ahresty? And what should Ahresty aim for?
Shiozawa: It is definitely the utilization of its unique technologies. I expect that Ahresty will lead the initiatives related to weight reduction and CASE through aluminum die-casting. This is difficult for other companies. To further sophisti- cate the technological capabilities it has cultivated to date, Ahresty should have a clear vision of the future and make focused R&D investments. By doing so, I think Ahresty will take a leadership po- sition in the world.
Takahashi: As a milestone, we will cel- ebrate our 100th anniversary in 2038. I want Ahresty to become a company that can contribute to society and help its employees to take pride in their work. To this end, commitment to the SDGs is essential. In this commitment, we place the highest priority on the growth of people. Technologies are utilized by people. Growing people will lead to in- novative and highly-efficient production equipment and technologies, resulting in innovative products. And they will help solve social issues. We will make compa- ny-wide efforts toward this goal.
   Independent Directors
Independent Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee member)
Akihiko Shido
Chairman and CEO of Yorozu Corporation, Director of Univance Corporation (outside director), Director of MarkLines Co., Ltd. (out- side director)
Reason for appointment: In consideration of his extensive experience and insight as a manager of a globally expanding automobile parts corporation, he was judged as appropri- ate for the post.
Independent Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee member)
Shuhei Shiozawa
President of Tokyo International University, Professor Emeritus of Keio University, Direc- tor of Kenedix, Inc. (outside director), Director of KYB Corporation (outside director)
Reason for appointment: In consideration of his extensive experience and insight as a university president and professor of eco- nomics specializing in theoretical economics and financial theory, he was judged as appro- priate for the post.
Independent Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee member)
Masahito Saotome
Director of Nippon Light Metal Holdings Com- pany, Ltd., Director and Executive Officer of Nippon Light Metal Co., Ltd.
Reason for appointment: In consideration of his extensive work experience and insight cultivated by serving as a manager of a non- ferrous metal corporation, he was judged as appropriate for the post.
Independent Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee member)
Akiyoshi Mori
Attorney at law, Mori & Kikuchi Law Office
Reason for appointment: In consideration of his extensive experience as an attorney at law and specialized knowledge concerning corporate legal affairs, he was judged as ap- propriate for the post.
           AHRESTY REPORT 2020 31
 
Ahresty Report 2020
32
 Financial Section
Contents
Overview of Business Performance 33
Consolidated Balance Sheets 35
Consolidated Statements of Income and
Statements of Comprehensive Income 37
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 39 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 41 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 42
         
33
Overview of Business Performance
Ahresty Report 2020
34
Results of Operations
During the fiscal year under review, the world economy initially maintained a steady growth as a whole due to the solid employment situation mainly in advanced countries. However, in addition to concerns about uncertainty in US-China trade friction, the global outbreak of COVID-19 starting in January 2020 caused a sharp decline in the latter half of the year. The Japanese economy was also strongly affected by these factors and had to suffer a decrease in external demand and a slowdown in exports. Moreover, a decrease in domestic demand due to the series of natural disasters that hit various areas in Japan and the impact of the COVID-19 new coronavirus pandemic at the end of the fiscal year significantly worsened the domestic economy.
The business environment surrounding the automobile industry, which is our main customer, faced a significant deceleration in car sales due to the impact of prolonged U.S.-China trade friction on the world economy and the economic uncertainties for the future of the Chinese and Indian economies, together with the spread of COVID-19 in the fourth quarter that affected our die casting business sites other than China and Mexico, where the fiscal year ends in December. The sales volume in the Company’s die casting business was also affected by this significant deceleration of car sales and was lower than that in the previous year both in Japan and abroad.
As a result, the Group recorded consolidated net sales of ¥120,577 million (down 17.1% year on year), operating income of ¥764 million (down 76.3% year on year), and recurring income of ¥406 million (down 86.0% year on year). Also, due to tax expenses as a result of reversal of deferred tax assets and other factors, net loss attributable to owners of parent turned out to be ¥685 million (previous year marked net income of ¥421 million).
Under these severe situations, the Group is determined to steadily implement measures based on its 1921 Medium-term Management Plan, which started this fiscal year, to improve profitability by raising productivity through cost cutting and reduction of expenses. To tackle the rapid decrease in sales volume due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19, the Group will reform its production systems in response to changes in sales volume, control capital investment, reduce costs, and implement other necessary urgent measures to improve profitability.
Consolidated performance for year ended March 2020 (April 1, 2019–March 31, 2020) (Amounts of less than 1 million yen are rounded off)
(1) Consolidated Operating Results
Net sales million yen
145,428
Operating income
million yen % million yen
3,228 (31.6) 2,905
Net income attributable to owners of parent
million yen % 421 (87.8)
% 0.2
Recurring income %
(% shows change from previous term)
 Year ended March 2020
120,577
(17.1)
764
(76.3)
406
(86.0)
(685)
–
 Year ended March 2019
(34.5)
 Net income per share
Fully diluted net income per share
Return on equity
Return on total assets
Operating profit on sales
 Year ended March 2020
(26.77)
–
(1.2)
0.3
0.6
 Year ended March 2019
yen yen % % %
2.2 2.2
16.26 16.07 0.7     Year ended March 2020: (3,175) million yen (–%)
     Note: Comprehensive income
    Year ended March 2019: (3,574) million yen (–%)
For reference: EBITDA
Year ended March 2020: 15,093 million yen (-21.5%)
Year ended March 2019: 19,239 million yen (-1.9%)
* EBITDA = operating income + depreciation and amortization
Investment gain or loss under equity method Year ended March 2020: – million yen
Year ended March 2019: – million yen
(2) Consolidated Financial Position
Year ended March 2019
Total assets
million yen 128,222
Net assets
million yen 61,293
Equity ratio
% 47.7
Cash flows from financing activities
million yen (1,392)
Net assets per share
yen 2,357.98
Year-end balance of cash and cash equivalents
million yen 2,901
  Year ended March 2020
 123,054
 57,364
 46.5
 2,244.49
   For reference: Shareholders’ equity
Year ended March 2020: 57,177 million yen
Year ended March 2019: 61,105 million yen
(3) Consolidated Cash Flows
Year ended March 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
million yen 16,018
Cash flows from investing activities
million yen (14,150)
  Year ended March 2020
 16,474
 (17,691)
 2,162
 3,732
   Outlook for fiscal year ending March 2021
The figures for our business forecasts were calculated based on the assumption that demand bottomed out in the first quarter and will gradually recover in the second half. Although the spread of the infectious disease has yet to see an end in many countries, including Japan, where the situation is still critical with fears of a second wave of the pandemic rising, the government shows no intention of re-announcing a state of emergency or posing other social restrictions. However, the decrease in our net sales is expected to have a serious impact on our profits.
To tackle the rapid decrease in sales volume due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19, the Group will make further efforts to reform its production systems in response to changes in sales volume, control capital investment, reduce costs, and implement other necessary urgent measures to improve profitability for the future.
Our foreign exchange assumption for the second quarter and beyond is: 105.0 yen to the USD, 15.0 yen to the CNY, and 1.45 yen to the INR.
 For the year ending March 2021 forecast
 87,900
 (4,000)
 (3,450)
 (4,400)
 For the year ended March 2020 actual Change ratio (%)
Segment
Die Casting Business: North America Aluminum Business
Elimination of intersegment transactions
Sales 120,577
(27.1)
Operating Income 764
Ordinary Income 406
–
(Millions of Yen) Net Income
(685) –
Changes
(32,677)
(4,764)
(3,857)
(3,715)
Current fiscal year 30,633
3,993 –
Next fiscal year 20,100
3,300 –
Current fiscal year 635
169 122
Next fiscal year (100)
50 100
Sales
(Millions of Yen) Segment Income
–
   Die Casting Business: Japan
 59,500
 43,300
 (444)
 (3,500)
 Die Casting Business: Asia
23,846
19,000
3
(750)
Proprietary Products Business
2,603
2,200
277
200
     
35
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 Note:The translations of yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥108.10 to $1.00, the average exchange rate during period. U.S. dollar figures less than a thousand dollars are rounded down to the nearest thousand dollars.
(Assets)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2020)
$38,549 22,184 33,332 12,815
326,063
(154,471) 1245,119 360,267
(392,084) 52,009 (2,807) 114,569 18,806 23,758 5,121 49,776 $1138,335
 Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
Cash and time deposits
Electronically recorded monetary claims – operating
Partly finished goods
Others 1,363
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2020)
¥4,167 2,398 3,603 1,385
35,247
(16,698) 134,597 38,944
(42,384) 5,622 (303) 12,384 2,032 2,568 553 5,380 ¥123,054
 Current Assets
  ¥4,028 3,249 4,760
Trade notes and accounts receivable
*3
22,382
17,922
165,794
 Merchandise and products
3,463
3,115
28,819
Raw materials and inventories
3,070
2,810
25,999
Allowance for doubtful accounts
 (50)
(154)
(1,432)
 Total current assets
Tangible fixed assets
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
Machinery and delivery equipment
Machinery and delivery equipment, net Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
Land
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
Construction in progress
Intangible fixed assets
Investments in securities
Others
Total investments and other assets
Total assets
*1
42,267
(15,808) 130,943 39,430
(41,573) 5,461 (121) 8,982 2,067 4,232 515 6,486 ¥128,222
  Fixed Assets
Buildings and structures
30,624
31,565
292,003
Buildings and structures, net
14,816
14,867
137,532
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
(91,512)
(95,652)
(884,851)
Tools, furniture and fixtures
49,981
50,214
464,522
Tools, furniture and fixtures, net
8,408
7,830
72,438
Lease assets
421
1,046
9,680
Lease assets, net
300
742
6,873
 Total tangible fixed assets
 77,399
80,392
 743,690
  Investments and other assets
 Deferred tax assets
1,762
2,280
21,096
Allowance for doubtful accounts
 (24)
(21)
(200)
  Total fixed assets
 85,954
87,806
 812,272
   (Liabilities)
Notes and accounts payable Short-term loans
Accrued income taxes
Provision for product warranties Total current liabilities Long-term loans
Deferred tax liabilities
Others
Total liabilities (Net Assets)
Common stock
Retained earnings
Total shareholders’ equity
Difference on revaluation of other marketable securities Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share warrants
Total liabilities and net assets
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
¥11,162 5,740 872 70 46,490 14,798 1,872 663 66,928
6,964 40,071 57,002
2,015 (397) 187
¥128,222
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2020)
¥9,284 10,273 304 46 43,390 15,672 2,434 1,154 65,689
6,964 38,806 55,564
926 (360) 187
¥123,054
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2020)
$85,889 95,035 2,814 426 401,396 144,985 22,516 10,681 607,672
64,423 358,988 514,013
8,566 (3,336) 1,735
$1,138,335
   Current Liabilities
    Electronically recorded obligations – operating
7,522
5,994
55,449
Current portion of long-term loans
10,199
7,750
71,698
Bonus allowances
2,143
1,848
17,097
Others
 8,779
 7,889
 72,983
  Long-term liabilities
   Long-term accounts payable
154
327
3,030
Net defined benefit liability
2,949
2,709
25,061
 Total long-term liabilities
  20,438
  22,298
  206,276
     Shareholders’ equity
Additional paid-in capital
10,206
10,206
94,413
Treasury stock
 (239)
 (412)
 (3,811)
  Other accumulated comprehensive income
   Foreign currency translation adjustments
2,484
1,047
9,685
 Total other accumulated comprehensive income
  4,102
  1,612
  14,914
  Total net assets
  61,293
  57,364
  530,663
       Ahresty Report 2020
  36

37
Consolidated Statements of Income and Statements of Comprehensive Income
Ahresty Report 2020
38
(Consolidated Statements of Income )
Cost of goods sold *1 Selling, general and administrative expenses
Salaries and bonuses
Provision for bonuses
Research and development expenses *2 Total selling, general and administrative expenses
Non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
Foreign currency exchange loss
Total non-operating expenses Extraordinary gains
Gain on sales of investment securities
Gain on revision of retirement benefit plans Total extraordinary gains
Loss on sales of fixed assets
Loss on revision of retirement benefit plans Total extraordinary losses
Income taxes and enterprise taxes
Total income taxes
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
1004,040
31,463 3,003 5,088
104,315
1,063 812
1,879 7,094
502 1,406 5,343 2,462 665 3,684 6,984 11,765
 Previous consolidated fiscal year
(April 1, 2018 through March 31, 2019)
130,613
3,290 354 561 11,586
205 Others 107
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
108,536
3,401 324 550 11,276
114 87
203 766
54 152 577 266 71 398 754 1,271
¥(685)
 Net sales
¥145,428
¥120,577
 $1115,425
  Gross profit
 14,814
12,040
 111,385
 Transportation expenses
1,948
1,720
15,919
Retirement and severance expenses
199
201
1,863
Depreciation and amortization
312
387
3,580
Other expenses
 4,918
4,691
43,395
  Operating income
 3,228
764
 7,069
 Interest income
102
108
1,007
Dividends received
Gain on sales of scraps
156
97
906
 Total non-operating income
 571
409
 3,789
 Interest expenses
531
462
4,277
Others
 71
101
937
  Recurring income
 2,905
406
 3,764
 Gain on sales of fixed assets
*3
64
23
218
Subsidy income
134
347
3,214
Gain on insurance adjustment
 207
–
–
  Extraordinary losses
 *4
292 894
2,194 – 2,600 311 – 3,760 1,722 1,324 ¥421
Impairment loss
*5
3,293
60
556
Expenses for advance loan repayments
 154
–
–
  Income before income taxes and others
 1,745
586
 5,423
 Deferred income taxes
 (397)
516
4,781
  Net income (loss)
 421
(685)
 (6,342)
 Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
$(6,342)
  (Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income)
Other comprehensive income
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Total other comprehensive income * Comprehensive income attributable to: Non-controlling interests
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
(13,298) (23,036)
$ –
 Previous consolidated fiscal year
(April 1, 2018 through March 31, 2019)
(1,684) (3,995)
¥ –
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
(1,437) (2,490)
¥ –
 Net income (loss)
 ¥421
¥(685)
 $(6,342)
  Difference on revaluation of other marketable securities
(2,320)
(1,089)
 (10,076)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
 8
36
338
  Comprehensive income
(3,574)
(3,175)
 (29,379)
Owners of parent
(3,574)
(3,175)
(29,379)
      
39
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Ahresty Report 2020
40
Previous consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2018 through March 31, 2019)
(Millions of yen)
Total shareholders’ equity
(621) (0) (150)
(Millions of yen)
Total net assets
(621) (0) (4,146)
(Millions of yen)
Total shareholders’ equity
(685) 62
(1,438)
 Balance at beginning of current fiscal year
¥6,939
¥10,180
¥40,272
¥(238)
¥57,153
 Changes
Cash dividend from retained earnings
Purchase of own shares Total changes
Changes
Cash dividend from retained earnings
Purchase of own shares Total changes
Common stock
25
Additional paid-in capital
25
Shareholders’ equity Retained earnings
(621)
(200)
Treasury stock
(0) (0)
Share warrants
–
 Issuance of new shares
 25
25
50
Net income attributable to owners of parent
 421
421
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
  Balance at end of current fiscal year
 ¥6,964
¥10,206
¥40,071
¥(239)
¥57,002
Other accumulated comprehensive income
Differenceon
securities
(2,320) (1,684)
Totalother accumulated comprehensive income
(3,995)
revaluation of
other marketable adjustments
Foreigncurrency Remeasurements
of defined benefit plans
8
translation
 Balance at beginning of current fiscal year
¥4,335
¥4,168
¥(406)
¥8,098
¥187
¥65,439
  Issuance of new shares
 50
Net income attributable to owners of parent
 421
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
 (2,320)
(1,684)
8
(3,995)
(3,995)
 Balance at end of current fiscal year
 ¥2,015
¥2,484
¥(397)
¥4,102
¥187
¥61,293
Current consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
Common stock Additional paid-in capital
– –
Shareholders’ equity Retained earnings
(685) (64)
(1,265)
Treasury stock
 Balance at beginning of current fiscal year
¥6,964
¥10,206
¥40,071
¥(239)
¥57,002
 Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
127 (172)
 Cash dividend from retained earnings
 (514)
(514)
Purchase of own shares
 (300)
(300)
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
  Balance at end of current fiscal year
 ¥6,964
¥10,206
¥38,806
¥(412)
¥55,564
Other accumulated comprehensive income
(Millions of yen)
Total net assets
(685) 62
(3,928)
Difference on revaluation of other
marketable adjustments securities
(1,089) (1,437)
Total other accumulated comprehensive income
(2,490)
Foreign currency Remeasurements
of defined benefit plans
36
Share warrants
–
translation
 Balance at beginning of current fiscal year
¥2,015
¥2,484
¥(397)
¥4,102
¥187
¥61,293
 Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
Cash dividend from retained earnings
(514)
Purchase of own shares
 (300)
Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
 (1,089)
(1,437)
36
(2,490)
–
(2,490)
 Balance at end of current fiscal year
 ¥926
¥1,047
¥(360)
¥1,612
¥187
¥57,364
Current consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
 Balance at beginning of current fiscal year
$64,423
$94,413
$370,693
$(2,213)
$527,316
 Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
Changes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Disposal of treasury stock Total changes
Common stock
–
Additional paid-in capital
–
Shareholders’ equity Retained earnings
(6,342) (600)
(11,705)
Treasury stock
1,179 (1,598)
Total shareholders’ equity
(6,342) 578
(13,303)
 Cash dividend from retained earnings
 (4,761)
(4,761)
Purchase of own shares
 (2,777)
(2,777)
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
  Balance at end of current fiscal year
 $64,423
$94,413
$358,988
$(3,811)
$514,013
Difference on revaluation of other marketable securities
(10,076)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(13,298)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
338
Total other accumulated comprehensive income
(23,036)
Share warrants
–
Total net assets
(6,342) 578
(36,340)
Other accumulated comprehensive income
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
 Balance at beginning of current fiscal year
$18,642
$22,984
$(3,675)
$37,951
$1,735
$567,004
  Cash dividend from retained earnings
(4,761)
Purchase of own shares
 (2,777)
 Changes (net) in non-shareholders’ equity items
 (10,076)
(13,298)
338
(23,036)
–
(23,036)
 Balance at end of current fiscal year
 $8,566
$9,685
$(3,336)
$14,914
$1,735
$530,663
    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 41
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
 42
Millions of yen
Previous consolidated Consolidated fiscal fiscal year year under review
(April 1, 2018 through (April 1, 2019 through
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Consolidated fiscal year under review (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
5,423 556
(210) (2,070)
2,170 (3,214)
– 44,656
(30,381) (2,887)
1,456
1,530 (13,890)
– –
9,972 1,115 (1,968)
(580,586) (97,166) (4,748)
20,001 7,687 34,525
  Cash flows from operating activities
  Income before income taxes and others
Impairment loss
Increase (decrease) in provision for product warranties
Interest and dividend income
Loss (gain) on sales and retirement of tangible fixed assets Subsidy income
Expenses for advance loan repayments
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes and others Others
Interest and dividends received
Income taxes paid
Expenses for advance loan repayments paid
Proceeds from insurance income
March 31, 2019) 1,745
3,293 (17) (307)
247 (134) 154
1,586 (2,382)
292 287 256
(2,594) (154)
233
– 107
(555)
(60,380) (15,510) (619) (1,392)
270 2,901
March 31, 2020)
586 60
(22) (223)
234 (347)
– 4,827
(3,284) (312)
157
165 (1,501)
– –
1,078 120
(212)
(62,761) (10,503) (513)
2,162 831 3,732
Depreciation and amortization
16,011
14,329
132,556
Increase (decrease) in bonus allowances
18
(279)
(2,583)
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability
91
(116)
(1,074)
Interest expenses
531
462
4,277
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
(2,194)
(54)
(502)
Gain on insurance adjustment
(207)
–
–
Loss (gain) on revision of retirement benefit plans
–
(80)
(741)
Decrease (increase) in inventories
(17)
1,619
14,983
Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses
(33)
(383)
(3,544)
Increase (decrease) in long-term accounts payable - other
(434)
173
1,601
 Subtotal
 18,531
17,346
 160,468
 Interest paid
(544)
(431)
(3,990)
Income taxes refund
76
363
3,360
Proceeds from subsidy income
214
531
4,916
 Cash flows from operating activities
 16,018
16,474
 152,396
 Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets Others
Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of short-term loans Repayment of long-term debt Dividends paid
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
※   
Payments into time deposits
(1,113)
(462)
(4,273)
Expenditures from purchases of tangible fixed assets
(15,490)
(18,374)
(169,979)
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
2,901
159
1,476
 Cash flows from investing activities
 (14,150)
(17,691)
 (163,656)
 Proceeds from short-term loans
60,861
67,362
623,145
Proceeds from long-term debt
14,318
9,094
84,128
Purchase of own shares
(0)
(300)
(2,777)
Others
 (62)
(215)
(1,994)
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 (205)
(113)
 (1,053)
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
 2,630
2,901
 26,837
   1. Scope of consolidation
(1) Consolidated subsidiaries consist of 15 companies: Ahresty Tochigi Corporation, Ahresty Kumamoto Corporation, Ahresty Yamagata Corporation, Ahresty Wilmington Corporation, Ahresty Techno Service Corporation, Ahresty Die Mold Hamamatsu Corporation, Ahresty Die Mold Tochigi Corporation, Ahresty Die Mold Kumamoto Corporation, Thai Ahresty Die Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd., Ahresty Pretech Corporation, Ahresty Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., Ahresty India Private Limited, Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. and Ahresty Precision Die Mold (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
(2) The main non-consolidated subsidiary: Thai Ahresty Engineering Co., Ltd.
It has been excluded from the scope of consolidation as they have no significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements in terms of total assets, sales, current term net profit or loss (in accordance to their equity), and retained earnings (in accordance to their equity).
2. Equity method affiliates
There are no main non-consolidated subsidiaries accounted for using the equity method. There are no affiliates. The equity method is not applied to investments in Thai Ahresty Engineering Co., Ltd. among the non-consolidated subsidiaries, because the investments had only a slight influence on net income/loss (an amount in accordance with equity), retained earnings (an amount in accordance with equity), etc. and did not have sufficient importance overall.
3. Business years of consolidated subsidiaries
The closing date for consolidated subsidiaries was December 31 for Thai Ahresty Die Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd., Ahresty Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. and Ahresty Precision Die Mold (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
In order to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements, the financial statements used for these subsidiaries were as of their closing dates, except for important transactions that took place in the period before the consolidated closing date, which were adjusted as necessary for consolidation.
4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(1) Evaluation standards and evaluation methods for key assets
(a) Marketable securities
Other marketable securities
Securities with market value
Market value method based on the market price on the closing date (variance of estimate is treated with the total net assets input method and the cost of such securities sold is determined by the moving average method)
Securities without market value Moving average cost method
(b) Derivatives − market value method (c) Inventories
The Company and consolidated some subsidiaries evaluate according to cost method based primarily on the average method (the carrying value on the balance sheet is written down to reflect the effect of lower profit margins), while other consolidated subsidiaries evaluate according to lower of cost method based on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.
(2) Depreciation methods for important depreciable assets
(a) Tangible fixed assets (excluding lease assets)
Tangible fixed assets other than die casting mold that are included in tools, furniture and fixtures: Straight-
   line method
Die casting mold that are included in tools, furniture and fixtures: Mainly the production output method Main useful lives are as follows:
Buildings and structures: Between 2 years and 50 years Machinery and delivery equipment: Between 2 years and 20 years
   
43
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
44
Tools, furniture and fixtures (excluding die casting mold for which the production output method is
adopted): Between 2 years and 20 years
(b) Intangible fixed assets (excluding lease assets) − straight-line method
The straight-line method is employed for software used in-house, based on the availability period of five
years.
(c) Lease assets
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the assumption that the useful life equals
the lease term and the residual value equals zero.
(3) Standards for important allowances
(a) Allowances for doubtful accounts
To provide against doubtful accounts, the estimated amount of unrecoverable accounts is reported by employing the loan loss ratio for regular bonds. Recovery rates are calculated individually for specific doubtful accounts and bonds.
(b) Bonus allowances
In order to appropriate bonus payments for employees for the current fiscal year, the parent company and consolidated subsidiaries report this allowance based on projected payment figures.
(c) Allowance for product warranties
In preparation for expenses for charge-free repairs, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries record the provision based on estimates of different kinds of repairs and the ratio of the expenses to sales in the past.
(4) Accounting method for employees’ retirement benefits
(a) Period approximation method for the estimated amount of employees’ retirement benefits
For the calculation of employees’ retirement benefit liabilities, the Group has adopted fixed amount standards as a method of approximating the estimated amount of employees’ retirement benefits to the period up to the end of the consolidated fiscal year under review.
(b) Amortization methods for actuarial difference and prior service costs
Prior service costs are amortized based on the straight-line method over a specified period (10 years) within the average remaining service period of employees at the time when such costs are incurred.
Actuarial difference is amortized based on the straight-line method over a specified period (15 years) within the average remaining service period of employees at the time of its occurrence in each consolidated fiscal year, and it is allocated proportionately from the fiscal year following the respective fiscal year of its occurrence.
(5) Standard for recognizing revenue and expenses
Standard for recognizing revenue and costs associated with construction contracts
(a) Construction contracts for which benefits can be ascertained in relation to the completed portion at the end
of the fiscal year under review:
Percentage-of-completion method (percentage of completion based on cost incurred compared to the estimated total cost)
(b) Other construction: Completed contract method
(6) Currency conversion standards for key total assets or liabilities in foreign currencies
Cash, assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are converted into yen based on the spot exchange rate on the consolidated closing date, and the exchange difference is treated as profit or loss. Total assets and liabilities of consolidated subsidiaries overseas are converted into yen based on the spot exchange rate on the consolidated closing date. Income and expenses are converted into yen based on the average exchange rate during period, and the exchange difference is included in the net assets of the foreign currency translation adjustment.
(7) Hedge accounting
(a) Hedge accounting methods
The deferral hedge accounting method is applied. Foreign exchange contracts are appropriated when they meet the requirements for this method, and interest rate swaps are treated as exceptions when they meet the requirements for this method.
(b) Hedge measures and hedge targets
a. Hedge measures − interest rate swap
Hedge targets − long-term loans paid by variable interest rates
b. Hedge measures − foreign exchange contracts
Hedge targets − debts and credits in foreign currencies
(c) Hedge policies
For long-term loans paid at variable interest rates, derivatives trading is used to avoid the risk of variable interest rates. The interest rate swap provides against the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates at the time of import and export. The company’s accounting department conducts internal reviews in employing hedge methods.
(d) Methods for evaluating hedge effectiveness
The effectiveness of hedge transactions is evaluated by the degree of variability between the cumulative amount of either the hedge target market fluctuation or cash flow fluctuation and the cumulative amount of either the hedge means market fluctuation or cash flow fluctuation. However, the evaluation of effectiveness is omitted for interest rate swaps treated as exceptions.
(8) Depreciation method and period of goodwilll
Goodwill is depreciated by straight-line method over a period of five years. If the difference to be eliminated is
minor, it is depreciated as a lump sum in the consolidated fiscal year including the date of accrual.
(9) Scope of funds in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Cash on hand, deposits that can be withdrawn as necessary, and short-term investments that are easily convertible, have low risk of value fluctuation and are due for redemption within three months of the date of acquisition are included in the scope of funds.
(10) Other key considerations for creating the Consolidated Financial Statements
Accounting procedures for consumption tax, etc.
Consumption tax and local consumption tax are treated by the tax exclusive method.
(Changes in Accounting Policy)
(Application of ASU No. 2014-09 (Revenue from contracts with customers))
From the beginning of the consolidated fiscal year under review, the U.S. subsidiary, to which the U.S. standards are applied, started to adopt ASU No. 2014-09 (Revenue from contracts with customers). According to this standard, upon the transfer of the promised goods or services to customers, revenue is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the subsidiary expects to be entitled in exchange for such goods or services.
The impact of application of this standard on the Group’s financial conditions and operating performance is insignificant.
(Application of IFRS 16 (Leases))
From the beginning of the consolidated fiscal year under review, the Group started to apply IFRS 16 (Leases) to the Group companies, excluding the Company and its domestic subsidiaries that adopt the Japanese standards and the U.S. subsidiary to which the U.S. standards apply. As a result, all leases will be recognized as assets or liabilities by borrowers, in principle.
The impact of application of this standard on the Group’s financial conditions and operating performance is insignificant.
(Unapplied accounting standards, etc.)
Of the accounting standards that were published before the end of the fiscal year under review, those which are not applied to the Group are as described below. A note on insignificant accounting standards is omitted.
1. The Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in Japan
“Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29 on March 30, 2018, Accounting Standards Board of Japan)
“Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30 on March 30, 2018, Accounting Standards Board of Japan)
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) in the United States have jointly developed comprehensive accounting standards for revenue recognition and published
    
45
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
46
“Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (IFRS 15 in IASB and Topic 606 in FASB) in May 2014. Given that IFRS 15 and Topic 606 are applied from the fiscal year that begins on or after January 1, 2018 and the fiscal year that begins on or after December 15, 2017, respectively, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) has developed comprehensive accounting standards for revenue recognition and published them along with the implementation guidance.
The basic policy of the ASBJ on its development of accounting standards for revenue recognition is said to be to establish accounting standards, with the incorporation of basic principles of IFRS 15 as a starting point, from the standpoint of comparability between financial statements, which is one of the benefits of promoting consistency with IFRS 15, and to add alternative treatments to the extent to which comparability is not damaged if there is an item in which consideration should be given to practices conducted in Japan thus far.
(2) Scheduled date of application
We plan to apply the accounting standards from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Impact of the application of the accounting standards, etc.
The amount of impact of applying the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition, etc. on the financial statements of the Company is currently under review.
“Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement No. 31, March 31, 2020, Accounting Standards Board of Japan)
(1) Overview
With regard to “key sources of estimation uncertainty,” of which disclosure is required by the International Accounting Standards (IAS) No.1 Presentation of Financial Statements (hereinafter, “IAS 1”) Article 125 issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) in 2003, in response to the request to consider also requiring disclosure of such information in Japanese standards in the notes as highly useful information for users of financial statements, the Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates (hereinafter, “the Accounting Standard”) was developed and released by the Accounting Standards Board of Japan.
In developing the Accounting Standard, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan adopted a basic policy of not expanding individual notes but presenting the key principle (purpose of disclosure) and allowing each business entity to determine the specific details of the information to be disclosed in light of the purpose of disclosure. The Board developed the standard in reference to the provisions of Article 125 of IAS 1.
(2) Scheduled date of application start
The application is scheduled to start at the end of the fiscal year ending March 2021.
“Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections” (ASBJ Statement No. 24, March 31, 2020, Accounting Standards Board of Japan)
(1) Overview
In response to the proposal to consider enhancing the notes with regard to “accounting principles and procedures that are adopted when the provisions of the relevant accounting standards, etc. are not clear,” the Accounting Standards Board of Japan made necessary revisions and released the Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections.
When enhancing the notes with regard to “accounting principles and procedures that are adopted when the provisions of the relevant accounting standards, etc. are not clear,” the provisions of the Annotations on Corporate Accounting Principles (1-2) shall be continuously applied in order to avoid affecting the practices that have been maintained when the provisions of the relevant accounting standards, etc. are clear.
(2) Scheduled date of application start
The application is scheduled to start at the end of the fiscal year ending March 2021.
2. Overseas Consolidated Subsidiaries
“Leases” (FASB Topic 842)
(1) Overview
These accounting standards demand that a lessee record all leases as assets and liabilities on its balance sheet, in principle. There is no material change in the accounting of the lessor.
(2) Scheduled date of application
FASB Topic 842 is to be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Impact of applying these accounting standards
The impact of applying these accounting standards on the Company’s consolidated financial statements is currently under evaluation.
(Changes in presentation methods)
(Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows)
“Purchase of own shares,” which was included in “Others” under “Cash Flows from Financing Activities” in the previous consolidated fiscal year, was separately recorded starting from the consolidated fiscal year under review because its importance in monetary value had increased. To reflect this change in the method of presentation, reclassification of the financial statements of the previous fiscal year has been conducted.
As a result, (62 million yen) presented in “Others” under “Cash Flows from Financing Activities” was reclassified into (0 million yen) for “Purchase of own shares” and (62 million yen) for “Others.”
(Additional information)
(Accounting estimates related to the spread of COVID-19)
Due to the global COVID-19 pandemic, an event that is having a broad impact on our economic and corporate activities, a significant decline in automobile demand is expected worldwide.
As for the Group’s accounting estimates, such as the valuation of impairment losses on fixed assets and the collectability of deferred tax assets, since it is difficult at this moment to predict how this infectious disease will spread and when it will end, we have made the best possible estimates in view of the present status of orders received at each site, based on the assumption that the serious damage from the disease will continue until about September 2020 and the impact thereof will last for a while during the remaining period of the fiscal year ending March 2021. As a result, for the consolidated fiscal year under review, we have recorded an impairment loss of 60 million yen and reduced deferred tax assets by 2,028 million yen.
Please note that the above assumption is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The impact of COVID-19 may affect the Group’s business performance and financial conditions more seriously if it is prolonged or aggravated in the future.
(Partial revision of retirement benefit scheme)
For some of our consolidated subsidiaries, during the consolidated fiscal year under review, accounting treatment was employed in line with the transfer of the lump-sum termination allowance plan to the defined contribution pension plan, as well as the introduction of a point system for the defined benefit retirement annuity plan.
For the accounting treatment in line with the transfer of plans, etc., “Guidance on Accounting for Transfer between Retirement Benefit Plans” (ASBJ Guidance No. 1, December 16, 2016) and “Practical Solutions on Accounting for Transfer between Retirement Benefit Plans” (Practical Solutions No. 2, February 7, 2007) are applied.
As a result of this transfer of plans, accounts payable and long-term accounts payable, which are included in “Others” under current liabilities, increased by 66 million yen and 265 million yen, respectively, net defined benefit assets included in “Others” under investments and other assets increased by 234 million yen, and net defined benefit liability decreased by 177 million yen. Also, we recorded 152 million yen in “gain on revision of retirement benefit plans” as an extraordinary gain and 71 million yen in “loss on revision of retirement benefit plans” as an extraordinary loss.
(Accounting treatment in line with the introduction of a consolidated taxation system)
The Company and some of its consolidated subsidiaries applied for approval of the introduction of a consolidated taxation system during the consolidated fiscal year under review, and it was decided that the consolidated taxation system will be applied from the subsequent consolidated fiscal year. Therefore, starting from the fiscal year under review, in accordance with the Practical Solution on Tentative Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting Under the Consolidated Taxation System (Part 1) (Practical Solutions No. 5, January 16, 2015) and the Practical Solution on Tentative Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting Under the Consolidated Taxation System (Part 2) (Practical Solutions No. 7, January 16, 2015), accounting treatment assuming the application of a consolidated taxation system has been employed.
    
47
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
48
Notes on Consolidated Balance Sheets
*1. Figures related to unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates are as follows. As of March 31, 2019
*2. Notes receivable transfer by endorsement
As of March 31, 2019
*3. Matured notes on the last day of a fiscal year
Matured notes on the last day of a fiscal year are accounted for on the assumption that they are settled on the clearance date. Because the last day of the fiscal year under review was a non-business day of financial institutions, matured notes on the next fiscal year end are included in the ending balance.
As of March 31, 2019 As of March 31, 2020
Notes on Consolidated Statements of Income
*1. Amount after write-down of year-end inventory to reflect the effect of lower profit margins. The write-down of inventory shown below is included in cost of goods sold.
As of March 31, 2019 As of March 31, 2020
*2. Research and development expenses included in the administrative expenses
As of March 31, 2019 As of March 31, 2020
No research and development expenses were included in the manufacturing costs incurred for the current period.
As of March 31, 2020
As of March 31, 2020
 Investments in securities (share)
  ¥36
  million
  ¥36
  million
   Notes receivable transfer by endorsement
  ¥629
  million
  ¥188
 million
  Trade notes receivable
 ¥68
 million
    −
   ¥297
  million
  ¥400
  million
   ¥561
  million
  ¥550
  million
  *3. Breakdown of gains on the sale and disposal of fixed As of
Machinery and delivery equipment Land
Total
assets
March 31, 2019
¥24 million ¥33 million ¥64 million
As of March 31, 2020 ¥7 million
¥0 million ¥23 million
As of March 31, 2020 ¥137 million ¥266 million
  Building and structures
 ¥0
million
¥0
 million
 Tools, furniture and fixtures
¥4
million
¥16
million
Others
¥0
million
¥0
million
  *4. Breakdown of losses on the sale and disposal of fixed assets
As of March 31, 2019
Machinery and delivery equipment ¥256 million Total ¥311 million
*5. Impairment loss
The Group posted impairment losses for the asset groups below.
 Building and structures
 ¥21
 million
¥21
 million
 Tools, furniture and fixtures, others
¥33
million
¥106
million
   Previous consolidated fiscal year (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
(1) Assets for which an impairment loss was recognized
Location
Ahresty Corp. Higashimatsuyama Plant (Namegawa-machi, Hiki-gun, Saitama)
(2) Grouping method
Use
Business assets
Type
Machinery and delivery equipment
Land
Construction in progress
Machinery and delivery equipment
Intangible fixed assets
Impairment loss (millions of yen) 1,988
15 256 216 3
     Tools, furniture and fixtures
132
Ahresty Wilmington Corp. (Ohio, U.S.A.)
Business assets
Lease assets
7
Building and structures
44
Tools, furniture and fixtures
15
 Total
  3,293
 The Ahresty Group conducts the grouping of business assets by business unit whose income and expenditures
are figured out continuously, and conducts the grouping of idle assets and assets to be disposed of individually.
(3) Background of how the Group came to recognize an impairment loss and the calculation of a recoverable value
Ahresty Wilmington Corp. conducted an impairment test based on the U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles because of a delay in improving its profitability. As a result, the company reduced the book value of its business assets to their recoverable values and posted the amount of the reduction as an impairment loss. The recoverable value is measured by the value in use and calculated by discounting future cash flows by 11.5%.
Higashimatsuyama Plant reduced the book value for some of its business assets from which the initially anticipated revenues became no longer able to be expected due to a fall in the utilization rate to their recoverable values and posted the reductions as an impairment loss. For the recoverable value, the net realizable value based on the real estate appraisal value is used.
Current consolidated fiscal year under review (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
(1) Assets for which an impairment loss was recognized
Location
Ahresty Corp. Higashimatsuyama Plant (Namegawa-machi, Hiki-gun, Saitama)
(2) Grouping method
Use
Business assets
Type
Tools, furniture and fixtures
Machinery and delivery equipment
Intangible fixed assets
Impairment loss (millions of yen) 4
31 0
     Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd. (Anhui, P.R.China)
Business assets
Building and structures
4
Tools, furniture and fixtures
2
 Total
  60
 The Ahresty Group conducts the grouping of business assets by business unit whose income and expenditures
are figured out continuously, and conducts the grouping of idle assets and assets to be disposed of individually.
(3) Background of how the Group came to recognize an impairment loss and the calculation
For Hefei Ahresty Casting Co., Ltd., an impairment test was conducted in accordance with the international accounting standards because of its sluggish performance compared to the initial plan. As a result, the book value of the business assets it owns was written down to the recoverable amount, and the reduced amount was recorded as an impairment loss.
For the Higashimatsuyama Plant, impairment loss was recorded in the previous year due to the decline in profitability. During the fiscal year under review, efforts were made to improve profitability through reform of the
Building and structures
Machinery and delivery equipment
612
15
    
49
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
50
production system. However, as a result of the delay in recovery of revenues due to the impact of slowdown in domestic demand, etc., the Company reduced the book value of some of its business assets with no prospect for profits for the fiscal year under review to a recoverable amount, and posted the reductions as an impairment loss.
For the recoverable value, the net realizable value based on the real estate appraisal value and the movable property appraisal value is used.
Notes on Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
* Recycling and tax effect relating to other comprehensive income
As of March 31, 2019
As of March 31, 2020 ¥(1,509 million) ¥(1,563 million) ¥(1,089 million) ¥(1,437 million)
 Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities:
   Amount arising during fiscal year under review Before tax effect adjustment
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Amount arising during fiscal year under review Amount for the current term
Before tax-effect adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
¥(1,597 million) ¥(3,490 million) ¥(2,320 million) ¥(1,684 million)
Recycling
¥(1,893 million)
¥(54 million)
Tax effect
¥1,170 million
¥474 million
Foreign currency translation adjustment:
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax:
¥(51 million)
¥8 million ¥119 ¥8 million ¥36
¥51
million million million
Reclassification remeasurements
¥59 million
¥68 million
Tax-effect
¥0 million
¥(83 million)
 Total other comprehensive income
 ¥(3,995 million)
 ¥(2,490 million)
 Notes on Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Previous consolidated fiscal year (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
1. Type and number of issued shares, and the type and number of shares of treasury stock
 Issued shares
     Common stock (Note 1) Treasury stock
Total
Number of shares at end of previous fiscal year
26,027,720
160,364
Increase in number of shares in fiscal year
48,997
1,983
Decrease in number of shares in fiscal year
−
−
Number of shares at end of fiscal year
26,076,717
162,347
Total
26,027,720
48,997
−
26,076,717
Common stock (Note 2)
160,364
1,983
−
162,347
 Notes: 1. 48,997 shares, an increase in the total number of shares outstanding of common stock, represent an increase due to the issuance of new shares as the restricted stock compensation.
2. 1,983 shares, an increase in treasury shares of common stock, represent an increase due to the purchase of shares constituting less than one unit and the free acquisition of some of the common stock allotted as the restricted stock compensation.
2. Share warrants and own share warrants
Classification
3. Dividends
Share warrant type
Type of shares underlying share warrants
Number of shares underlying share warrants (number of share)
End of previous Increase during Decrease during Number at fiscal year fiscal year fiscal year end of fiscal year
Balance at end of fiscal year (millions of yen)
Submitting company (parent company)
 Share warrants as stock options
−
−
−
−
−
187
 Total
− − − − − 187
 (1)Dividend payments (Resolution)
Meeting of the Board of Directors on November 14, 2018
Type of shares
Common share
Amount of dividend (millions of yen)
259
Source of dividend
Retained earnings
Dividend per share (yen)
10
Record date
September 30, 2018
Effective date
December 3, 2018
 Meeting of the Board of Directors on May 11, 2018
Common share
 362
Retained earnings
14
March 31, 2018
June 4, 2018
   (2)Dividends with a record date falling in the fiscal year under review and with an effective date belonging to the following fiscal year
(Resolution) Type of shares Amount of dividend Source of Dividend Record date (millions of yen) dividend per share (yen)
Consolidated fiscal year under review (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
1. Type and number of issued shares, and the type and number of shares of treasury stock
Effective date
Number of shares at end of fiscal year
26,076,717
602,289
 Meeting of the Board of Directors on May 15, 2019
 Common share
 310
 Retained earnings
12
March 31, 2019
June 3, 2019
  Issued shares
     Common stock (Note 1) Treasury stock
Total
Number of shares at end of previous fiscal year
26,076,717
162,347
Increase in number of shares in fiscal year
−
560,676
Decrease in number of shares in fiscal year
−
120,734
Total
26,076,717
−
−
26,076,717
Common stock (Note 2)
162,347
560,676
120,734
602,289
 Notes: 1. The increase of 560,676 common shares in treasury stock is due to the acquisition of the Company’s own shares, the purchase of shares of less than a unit, and the acquisition free of charge of a part of common shares allocated in the restricted stock compensation plan.
2. The decrease of 120,734 common shares in treasury stock is due to the disposal of the Company’s own shares in the restricted stock compensation plan.
2. Share warrants and own share warrants
Share Classification warrant type
Total
Type of shares underlying share warrants
Number of shares underlying share warrants (number of share)
End of previous Increase during Decrease during Number at fiscal year fiscal year fiscal year end of fiscal year
Balance at end of fiscal year (millions of yen)
Submitting company (parent company)
 Share warrants as stock options
−
−
−
−
−
187
 − − − − − 187
     
51
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
52
3. Dividends
(1)Dividend payments
(Resolution)
Meeting of the Board of Directors on November 7, 2019
Type of shares
Common share
Amount of dividend (millions of yen)
203
Source of dividend
Retained earnings
Dividend per share (yen)
8
Record date
September 30, 2019
Effective date
December 2, 2019
 Meeting of the Board of Directors on May 15, 2019
Common share
 310
Retained earnings
12
March 31, 2019
June 3, 2019
   (2)Dividends with a record date falling in the fiscal year under review and with an effective date belonging to the following fiscal year
N/A
Notes on Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
* Relationship between the final balance of cash and cash equivalents and the account amounts listed in the consolidated balance sheets
 Cash on hand and with banks
 ¥4,028
million
 ¥4,167
million
 Time deposits with a deposit term of more than 3 months
As of March 31, 2019 As of March 31, 2020 ¥(1,127 million) ¥(435 million)
Cash and cash equivalents
 ¥2,901
 million
¥3,732
 million
Notes on Lease Transactions
The Company has omitted notes for lease transactions because the Company believes there is a bit significant need in this report for such disclosure.
Notes on Financial Instruments
1. Information about use of financial instruments
(1) Policy on use of financial instruments
The Group raises necessary capital (mainly bank loans), in light of its capital investment plan. It invests temporarily surplus funds primarily in financial assets that are highly liquid and raises short-term working capital by obtaining bank loans. The Group uses derivatives to guard against the following risks but does not engage in speculative transactions.
(2) Types of financial instruments and risks arising from these financial instruments
The Group is exposed to credit risk through its trade notes and accounts receivable from customers, in other words, its operating receivables. It is also exposed to foreign currency fluctuation risk through foreign currency denominated operating receivables that arise when conducting business overseas.
Investments in securities are mostly the shares of companies that we have business relations with and that are subject to a risk of market price fluctuations.
Trade notes and accounts payable, in other words, operating payables, and electronically recorded debt are mostly due within one year. The Group is exposed to foreign currency fluctuation risk on certain foreign currency denominated payables.
The Group obtains loans mainly for the purpose of raising capital for capital investment. The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on certain loans but uses derivative transactions to guard against this risk (interest rate swap transactions).
The derivatives used by the Group is interest rate swap transactions to guard against the risk of changes in interest payments on loans.
For further information on hedge accounting including our hedging methods and hedged transactions, hedging policy and method for assessing hedge effectiveness, please refer to “(7) Hedge accounting” of “4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”
(3) System for managing risks arising from financial instruments (a) Managing credit risk
The Group’s sales division periodically monitors the status of operating receivables from major customers and manages due dates and outstanding balances for individual customers with the aim of early identification and mitigation of concerns over recovery arising as a result of deterioration in financial position, etc.
The Group understands that it has hardly any credit exposure on derivative transactions, as it deals only with financial institutions that have high ratings.
(b) Managing market risk
The Group uses interest rate swap transactions to mitigate the risk of changes in interest payments on its loans.
We review our investments in securities continuously, checking the market values of the securities and the financial situation of the issuers (business partners) regularly and taking market conditions and our relations with business partners into account.
The division responsible for executing and managing derivative transactions engages in derivative transactions with the approval of the person with decision-making authority, in accordance with management regulations which specify trading authority, trading limit and other trading procedure. The division reports monthly trading figures to the director with jurisdiction.
(c) Managing liquidity risk arising from fund procurement
The division in charge prepares and updates a fund procurement plan in a timely manner based on reports from each division and manages liquidity risk by means such as ensuring on-hand liquidity.
No liquidity risk management is carried out in relation to domestic consolidated subsidiaries as they are linked into a cash management system (CMS) and obtain loans via the parent company.
(4) Supplementary explanation about fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments may be their value based on market price or a rationally estimated value
    
53
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
54
in cases where no market price exists. Since variables are taken into consideration when estimating fair value, fair value may fluctuate due to the adoption of different assumptions, etc.
2. Fair value of financial instruments
Carrying amounts in the consolidated balance sheets, fair values and differences between carrying amounts and fair values are as follows.
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
  (1) Cash and time deposits
 4,028
 4,028
 –
  (2) Trade notes and accounts receivable Total assets
(2) Electronically recorded debt
(4) Long-term loans
Derivative transactions
Carrying amount in the consolidated balance sheets
(¥ millions) 22,382 30,600
7,522 24,997 –
Fair value
(¥ millions) 22,382 30,600
7,522 24,978 –
Fair value
(¥ millions) 17,922 24,615
5,994 23,429 –
Difference
(¥ millions) –
–
– (19) –
Difference
(¥ millions) –
– – 5 –
(3) Investments in securities
4,190
4,190
–
(1) Trade notes and accounts payable
11,162
11,162
–
(3) Short-term loans
5,740
5,740
–
Total liabilities
49,423
49,404
(19)
 Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Carrying amount in the
  (1) Cash and time deposits
 4,167
 4,167
 –
  (2) Trade notes and accounts receivable Total assets
(2) Electronically recorded debt
(4) Long-term loans
Derivative transactions
consolidated balance sheets
(¥ millions) 17,922 24,615
5,994 23,423 –
(3) Investments in securities
2,525
2,525
–
(1) Trade notes and accounts payable
9,284
9,284
–
(3) Short-term loans
10,273
10,273
–
Total liabilities
48,975
48,981
5
 Notes : 1. Methods for estimating fair value of financial instruments and trading in securities and derivatives
Assets
(1) Cash and time deposits, (2) Trade notes and accounts receivable
Recognized at their carrying amounts, as carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these
instruments.
(3) Investments in securities
The prices of shares on the stock exchange are considered the market values of the shares. Liabilities
(1) Trade notes and accounts payable, (2) Electronically recorded debt, (3) Short-term loans
Recognized at their carrying amounts, as carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these instruments.
(4) Long-term loans
For the fair values of long-term loans payable at fixed interest rates, the total amount of the principal and interest is discounted using a rate that is assumed to be applied when a similar loan is newly borrowed. For the fair values of long-term loans payable at variable interest rates that are subject to the special treatment of interest rate swaps, the total amount of the principal and interest that were accounted for as a single item with the relevant interest rate swap is discounted with a rate that is assumed to be applied when a new, similar loan is taken out.
Derivative transactions
See “Notes on Derivative Transactions”.
2. Financial instruments whose market values are considered very difficult to determine As of March 31, 2019
(¥ millions) Shares in non-consolidated subsidiaries 36
As of March 31, 2020
(¥ millions) 36
  Shares of unlisted shares
 5
 5
  These securities do not have any market prices, and it is very difficult to determine their market values. They are not therefore included in (3) Investments in securities.
3. The amount of monetary claims and securities with maturity to be redeemed after the consolidated closing date Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
Within one year
(¥ millions) Trade notes and accounts receivable 22,382
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Within one year
(¥ millions) Trade notes and accounts receivable 17,922
More than one year, within five years
(¥ millions) –
More than one year, within five years
(¥ millions) –
More than five years, within ten years
(¥ millions) –
More than five years, within ten years
(¥ millions) –
More than 10 years
(¥ millions) –
More than 10 years
(¥ millions) –
  Cash and time deposits
 4,028
 –
 –
 –
  Total
 26,410
 –
 –
 –
   Cash and time deposits
 4,167
 –
 –
 –
  Total
 22,089
 –
 –
 –
 4. Schedule of repayment of short-term loans and long-term loans after the consolidated account closing date Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
 Short-term loans
5,740
–
–
–
–
–
  Long-term loans
Within one year
(¥ millions) 10,199
More than one year, within two years
(¥ millions) 6,663
More than one year, within two years
(¥ millions) 6,076
More than
two years, within three years
(¥ millions) 4,336
More than
two years, within three years
(¥ millions) 4,293
More than three years, within four years
(¥ millions) 2,026
More than three years, within four years
(¥ millions) 3,991
More than four years, within five years
(¥ millions) 1,772
More than four years, within five years
(¥ millions) 1,311
More than five years
(¥ millions) –
More than five years
(¥ millions) –
Total
 15,940
6,663
4,336
2,026
1,772
–
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Within one year
(¥ millions) Long-term loans 7,750
Notes on Marketable Securities
1. Marketable securities for trading
N/A
 Short-term loans
10,273
–
–
–
–
–
  Total
 18,023
6,076
4,293
3,991
1,311
–
2. Securities held to maturity that have market value
N/A
    
55
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
56
3. Other securities that have market value
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
  1. Share
 4,148
 1,064
3,084
 Consolidated
balance sheet amount is above acquisition cost
Consolidated
balance sheet amount is below acquisition cost
Type
2. Bonds Subtotal Type
2. Bonds
Subtotal
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
(¥ millions)
− 4,148
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
(¥ millions)
− 41
Acquisition Cost
(¥ millions) −
1,064
Acquisition Cost
(¥ millions) −
60
Difference (¥ millions)
− 3,084
Difference (¥ millions)
− (19)
3. Other
−
−
−
    1. Share
 41
 60
(19)
3. Other
−
−
−
Total
4,190
 1,125
 3,064
 Note: Unlisted stocks (5 million yen on the consolidated balance sheet) are not included in the table above because they have no market price and it is very difficult to determine their fair value.
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
  1. Share
 2,393
 841
1,551
 Consolidated
balance sheet amount is above acquisition cost
Consolidated
balance sheet amount is below acquisition cost
Type
2. Bonds Subtotal Type
2. Bonds
Subtotal
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
(¥ millions)
− 2,393
Consolidated Balance Sheet Amount
(¥ millions)
− 132
Acquisition Cost
(¥ millions) −
841
Acquisition Cost
(¥ millions) −
182
Difference (¥ millions)
− 1,551
Difference (¥ millions)
− (50)
3. Other
−
−
−
    1. Share
 132
 182
(50)
3. Other
−
−
−
Total
2,525
 1,024
 1,501
 Note: Unlisted stocks (5 million yen on the consolidated balance sheet) are not included in the table above because they have no market price and it is very difficult to determine their fair value.
4. Other marketable securities sold
Previous consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2018 through March 31, 2019)
Sales amount (million yen)
(2) Bond
(ii) Corporatebond −
(3) Other −
Current consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
Sales amount (million yen)
(2) Bond
(ii) Corporatebond −
(3) Other −
Total gain on sales (million yen)
− −
Total gain on sales (million yen)
− −
Total loss on sales (million yen)
− −
Total loss on sales (million yen)
− −
 (1) Stock
 2,901
 2,194
 −
 (i) Government bond, local government bond, etc.
−
−
−
(iii) Other
−
−
−
Total
 2,901
 2,194
 −
  (1) Stock
 159
 54
 −
 (i) Government bond, local government bond, etc.
−
−
−
(iii) Other
−
−
−
Total
 159
 54
 −
 Notes on Derivative Transactions
1. Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied
(1) Currency-related transactions
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019) N/A
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020) N/A
(2) Interest rate
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019) N/A
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020) N/A
2. Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied
Interest rate
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
Hedge accounting method
Type of transaction
Main hedge target
Value of contracts
(¥ millions)
Value of contracts for longer than a year
(¥ millions)
Market value
(¥ millions)
  Special accounting methods for interest rate swaps
  Interest rate swap, receipt of floating rates, payment of fixed rates
  Long-term loans payable
  206
  75
  (Note)
  Note: Interest rate swaps accounted for by special accounting methods are accounted for with the hedge target, long-term loans payable. The market value of the interest rate swaps is therefore included in the market value of the long-term loans payable.
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Hedge accounting method
Type of transaction
Main hedge target
Value of contracts
(¥ millions)
Value of contracts for longer than a year
(¥ millions)
Market value
(¥ millions)
  Special accounting methods for interest rate swaps
  Interest rate swap, receipt of floating rates, payment of fixed rates
  Long-term loans payable
  75
  −
  (Note)
  Note: Interest rate swaps accounted for by special accounting methods are accounted for with the hedge target, long-term loans payable. The market value of interest rate swaps is therefore included in the market value of long-term loans payable.
Notes on Employees’ Retirement Benefits
1. Overview of retirement benefit scheme
The company and some of its consolidated subsidiaries have established an approved retirement annuity system and a termination allowance plan as our defined benefit systems. The company and some of its subsidiaries also have defined contribution retirement benefit schemes. Upon the retirement of employees, there are instances where premium severance payments not covered in the retirement benefit liabilities are made. Some of its consolidated subsidiaries also adopt a simple method for calculating retirement benefit liabilities.
For some of our consolidated subsidiaries, during the consolidated fiscal year under review, accounting treatment was employed in line with the transfer of the lump-sum termination allowance plan to the defined contribution pension plan as well as the introduction of a point system for the defined benefit retirement annuity plan.
For the accounting treatment in line with the transfer of plans, etc., “Guidance on Accounting for Transfer between Retirement Benefit Plans” (ASBJ Guidance No. 1, December 16, 2016) and “Practical Solutions on Accounting for Transfer between Retirement Benefit Plans” (Practical Solutions No. 2, February 7, 2007) are applied.
As a result of this transfer of plans, we recorded 152 million yen in “gain on revision of retirement benefit plans” as an extraordinary gain and 71 million yen in “loss on revision of retirement benefit plans” as an extraordinary loss.
    
57
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
58
2. Defined benefit system
(1) Adjustment statement of the balance of retirement benefit liabilities at the beginning and end of the current fiscal year (excluding systems that adopt the simplified method described in (3))
  (¥ millions)
Service cost
Actuarial difference
Past service cost incurred
Balance of retirement benefit liabilities at the end of the current fiscal year
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
252 10 0
3,978
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
253 (182) 27
3,925
 Balance of retirement benefit liabilities at the beginning of the current fiscal year
 3,892
 3,978
 Interest expenses
11
13
Retirement benefits payments
(187)
(160)
Others
(0)
(3)
 (2) Adjustment statement of the balance of pension assets at the beginning and end of the current fiscal year (excluding systems that adopt the simplified method described in (3))
  (¥ millions)
Expected return on pension plan assets
Contributions from the business owner
Balance of pension assets at the end of the current fiscal year
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
38 220
2,018
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
23 221
2,043
 Balance of pension assets at the beginning of the current fiscal year
 1,955
 2,018
 Actuarial difference
(14)
(101)
Retirement benefits payments
(181)
(118)
 (3) Adjustment statement of the balance of net defined benefit liability under the system whereby the simple method is adopted at the beginning and end of the current fiscal year
  (¥ millions)
Retirement benefit expenses
Decrease due to transfer to the defined contribution plan
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
154 −
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
121 (408)
 Balance of net defined benefit liability at the beginning of the current fiscal year
 930
 989
 Retirement benefits payments
(95)
(78)
Balance of net defined benefit liability at the end of the current fiscal year
 989
 624
 (4) Adjustment statement of the balance of retirement benefit liabilities and pension assets at the end of the current fiscal year and net defined benefit liabilities and assets related to employees’ retirement benefits that are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
  (¥ millions)
Pension assets
Retirement benefit liabilities of the unfunded pension
Net defined benefit liability
Net liabilities and assets recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
(2,018) 1,911
2,949 2,949
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
(2,043) 1,596
2,709 2,506
 Retirement benefit liabilities of the funded pension
 3,055
 2,953
 1,037
909
Net liabilities and assets recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
2,949
2,506
Net defined benefit asset
−
(203)
 (5) Retirement benefit expenses and their breakdown
Previous consolidated fiscal year
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
13 62
121 11
  (¥ millions)
Interest expenses
Recognized actuarial difference
Retirement benefit expenses calculated by the simple method
Others
(From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) 11
31 157
50
 Service cost
 252
 253
 Expected return on pension plan assets
(38)
(23)
Recognized prior service cost
2
4
Loss (gain) on revision of retirement benefit scheme
−
(80)
Retirement benefit expenses related to the defined benefit system
 466
 362
 (6) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
The details of the items (before tax effects) that have been recorded in the remeasurements of defined benefit plans are as follows.
Previous consolidated fiscal year
(¥ millions) (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
143
   Prior service cost
 2
 (23)
 Actuarial difference
5
Total
 8
 119
 (7) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
The breakdown of items recorded in the remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before tax impact deduction) is as follows:
  (¥ millions)
Unrecognized actuarial difference
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
(477)
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
(334)
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
29% 5%
 Unrecognized prior service cost
 (2)
 (26)
 Total
 (480)
 (360)
 (8) Matters related to pension assets
(i) Main breakdown of pension assets
The ratio of the main categories against the total pension assets is as follows:
   Bonds
 25%
 24%
 Shares Others
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
33% 3%
Insurance assets (general account)
39%
42%
Total
 100%
 100%
 (ii) Method for establishing the rate of the long-term expected return on pension plan assets
To determine the rate of the long-term expected return on pension plan assets, the current and expected allocation of pension assets and the current and expected future rate of long-term return from a variety of assets that constitute pension assets have been taken into account.
(9) Matters related to the actuarial calculation basis The main actuarial calculation basis
Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
Expected rate of increase Primarily 3.6%
3. Defined contribution retirement benefit system
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020)
Primarily 3.6%
   Discount rate
 Primarily 0.2%
 Primarily 0.2%
 Rate of long-term expected return on pension plan assets
 2.5%
 2.5%
 The required contribution amount of the company and some of the consolidated subsidiaries was ¥390 million as the previous consolidated fiscal year and ¥385 million as the current consolidated fiscal year.
    
59
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
60
Notes on Stock Option
1. The amount and account of expenses related to stock options
N/A
2. Description and scale of stock options and changes
(1) Description of stock options
Position and number of persons granted stock options
 Date of resolution
 November 15, 2006
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 8,600 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
2006 stock options
Directors of the Company: Five persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
November 30, 2006
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From December 1, 2006 To November 30, 2036
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 3,500 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
35
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 3,419
Amount of capitalization 1,710
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  2007 stock options
 Date of resolution
  July 26, 2007
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 11,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 10, 2007
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
51
1 per share
(Note 4) (Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 11, 2007 To August 10, 2037
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 5,100 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 2,220
Amount of capitalization 1,110
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
  July 25, 2008
 Position and number of persons granted stock options
2008 stock options
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 18, 2008
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
109
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 19, 2008 To August 18, 2038
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 10,900 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
2009 stock options
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 573
Amount of capitalization 287
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
  July 24, 2009
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
 Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 17, 2009
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 18, 2009 To August 17, 2039
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 9,800 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
98
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 370
Amount of capitalization 185
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  2010 stock options
 Date of resolution
  July 12, 2010
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
 Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Five persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
July 28, 2010
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
108
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From July 29, 2010 To July 28, 2040
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 10,800 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 569
Amount of capitalization 285
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
      
61
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
62
 Date of resolution
 July 20, 2011
 Position and number of persons granted stock options
2011 stock options
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 8, 2011
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
163
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 9, 2011 To August 8, 2041
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 16,300 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
2012 stock options
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 410
Amount of capitalization 205
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
 July 24, 2012
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 8, 2012
No condition has been set with respect to length service.
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 9, 2012 To August 8, 2042
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 16,300 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
163
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 235
Amount of capitalization 118
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  2013 stock options
 Date of resolution
 July 22, 2013
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 24,000 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 9, 2013
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
200
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 10, 2013 to August 9, 2043
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 20,000 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 583
Amount of capitalization 292
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
  July 28, 2014
 Position and number of persons granted stock options
2014 stock options
Directors of the Company: Four persons Corporate auditors of the Company: Two persons
August 19, 2014
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 48,600 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
416
1 per share
(Note 4)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director and corporate auditor of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 20, 2014 to August 19, 2044
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 41,600 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
2015 stock options
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 668
Amount of capitalization 334
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
   Date of resolution
 July 24, 2015
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 44,800 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Six persons (incl. One Director, who is Audit & Supervisory Committee member)
August 18, 2015
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 19, 2015 to August 18, 2045
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 41,700 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Position and number of persons granted stock options
417
1 per share
(Note 6)
(Note 5)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 768
Amount of capitalization 384
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  2016 stock options
 Date of resolution
 July 25, 2016
 Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 57,300 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Directors of the Company: Six persons (incl. One Director, who is Audit & Supervisory Committee member)
August 10, 2016
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
533
1 per share
(Note 6)
(Note 5)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 11, 2016 to August 10, 2046
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 53,300 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 598
Amount of capitalization 299
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
      
63
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
64
 Date of resolution
 July 12, 2017
 Position and number of persons granted stock options
2017 stock options
Directors of the Company: Seven persons (incl. One Director, who is Audit & Supervisory Committee member)
August 10, 2017
No condition has been set with respect to length of service.
526
1 per share
(Note 6)
(Note 5)
Number of stock options by share type (Note 1)
Common shares: 52,600 shares
Grant date
Target length of service
Number of share warrants (warrants) (Note 2)
Vesting conditions
Losing the positions of director of the Company
Period for exercising rights
From August 11, 2017 to August 10, 2047
Class and number of shares subject to share warrants (Note 2)
Common stock 52,600 shares
Amount to be paid for the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Note 2)
Conditions for the exercise of share warrants (Note 2)
Matters relating to the delivery of share warrants associated with organization restructuring actions (Note 2)
Offer price and the amount of capitalization when shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants (yen) (Notes 2, 3)
Offer price 660
Amount of capitalization 330
Matters relating to the transfer of share warrants (Note 2)
The approval of the Board of Directors is required for the transfer of share warrants.
  Notes: 1. Converted to the number of shares
2. Information on the last day of the fiscal year under review (March 31, 2020) is stated. Because there is no change in the
information to be stated as of the end of the previous month (June 30, 2020), which is the date of submission, from the information on the last day of the fiscal year under review, the description of information as of the end of the previous month, the date of submission, is omitted.
3. (1) The amount of stated capital to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants shall be half of the maximum amount of increase in stated capital that is calculated in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 1 of the Rules of Corporate Accounting, and fractions less than one yen arising from the calculation shall be rounded up.
(2) The amount of capital reserves to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants shall be an amount obtained by reducing the amount of stated capital to increase provided for in (1) above from the maximum amount of increase in stated capital stated in (1) above.
4. (1) Share warrant holders may exercise share warrants only during the period from the day following the day when they have relinquished their position both as a director and a corporate auditor of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Exercise Commencement Date”) to the day when 10 days have passed after the Exercise Commencement Date within the exercise period.
(2) Notwithstanding the statement in (1) above, the share warrant holders may exercise share warrants only during the period stipulated in 1 or 2 below in the case provided for in 1 or 2 (however, for 2, excluding cases where share warrants of the stock company listed in (a) through (e) in Article 236, Paragraph 1, (viii) of the Companies Act are issued).
1 If the Exercise Commencement Date does not arrive before a year before the last day of the exercise period arrives, from a year before the last day of the exercise period to the last day of the exercise period
2 If a proposal to approve a merger agreement by which the Company will become a disappearing company or a proposal to approve a share exchange agreement or a share transfer plan by which the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary is approved at a general meeting of shareholders of the Company (if a resolution is made by the Board of Directors of the Company in cases where the resolution of the general meeting of shareholders is unnecessary), for 15 days from the day following the date of approval
(3) The share warrant holders shall exercise all share warrants in a lump.
(4) If a share warrant holder has abandoned share warrants, he/she may not exercise such share warrants.
(5) Other conditions shall be established by a share warrant allotment agreement to be concluded between the Company and
the share warrant holders based on a resolution of the Board of Directors. 5. Treatment when organization restructuring actions are taken
In cases where the Company conducts a merger (limited to cases where the Company will disappear as a result of the merger), an absorption-type company split, an incorporation-type company split, a share exchange or a share transfer (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Organization Restructuring Actions”), the Company shall deliver share warrants of the stock company listed in (a) through (e) in Article 236, Paragraph 1, (viii) of the Companies Act (hereinafter referred to as the “Company Subject to Reorganization”) to the share warrant holders of the share warrants that remain when the Organization Restructuring Actions become effective (hereinafter referred to as the “Remaining Share Warrants”) for each case. In this case, the Remaining Share Warrants shall disappear, and the Company Subject to Reorganization shall issue new share warrants. However, this shall be limited to cases where a provision to the effect that the share warrants of the Company Subject to Reorganization shall be delivered in accordance with the conditions below is set forth in the absorption-type merger agreement, the consolidation-type merger agreement, the absorption-type company split agreement, the incorporation-type company split agreement, the share exchange agreement or the share transfer plan.
(1) Number of share warrants of the Company Subject to Reorganization to be delivered
The same number as the number of share warrants held by the share warrant holders of the Remaining Share Warrants shall be delivered in each case.
(2) Class of shares of the Company Subject to Reorganization subject to share warrants Common stock of the Company Subject to Reorganization
(3) Number of shares of the Company Subject to Reorganization subject to share warrants
It will be determined by taking into consideration the conditions, etc. of the Organization Restructuring Actions.
(4) Value of property to be contributed upon the exercise of share warrants
The value of property to be contributed upon the exercise of each share warrant to be delivered shall be an amount obtained
by multiplying the amount to be paid after reorganization that is set forth below by the number of shares of the Company Subject to Reorganization subject to the each share warrant to be determined in accordance with (3) above. The amount to be paid after reorganization shall be 1 yen per share of the Company Subject to Reorganization that can be delivered upon the exercise of each share warrant to be delivered.
(5) Period when share warrants can be exercised
The period when share warrants can be exercised shall be from the date of commencement of the period when share warrants for subscription can be exercised, or the effective date of the Organization Restructuring Actions, whichever comes later, to the expiration date of the period when share warrants for subscription can be exercised.
(6) Matters relating to stated capital and capital reserves to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants
1The amount of stated capital to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants for subscription shall be half of the maximum amount of increase in stated capital that is calculated in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 1 of the Rules of Corporate Accounting, and fractions less than one yen arising from the calculation shall be rounded up.
2The amount of capital reserves to increase in cases where shares are issued by the exercise of share warrants for subscription shall be an amount obtained by reducing the amount of stated capital to increase provided for in (1) above from the maximum amount of increase in stated capital stated in (1) above.
(7) Restrictions on the acquisition of share warrants by transfer
The acquisition of share warrants by transfer shall require the approval by the resolution of the Board of Director of the Company Subject to Reorganization.
6. (1) Share warrant holders may exercise share warrants only during the period from the day following the day when they have relinquished their position as a director of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Exercise Commencement Date”) to the day when 10 days have passed after the Exercise Commencement Date within the exercise period.
(2) Same as (2) in (Note 4) above. (3) Same as (3) in (Note 4) above. (4) Same as (4) in (Note 4) above. (5) Same as (5) in (Note 4) above.
(2) Scale of stock options and changes
Stock options existed in the fiscal year under review (ended March 31, 2020). The number of stock options is converted to the number of shares.
a. Number of stock options
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock options options options options options options options options options options options options
At end of previous fiscal year 3,500 5,100 10,900 9,800 10,800 16,300 16,300 20,000 41,600 41,700 53,300 52,600 Expired −−−−−−−−−−−− Not yet vested 3,500 5,100 10,900 9,800 10,800 16,300 16,300 20,000 41,600 41,700 53,300 52,600 At end of previous fiscal year − − − − − − − − − − − − Exercise of rights − − − − − − − − − − − − Unexercised −−−−−−−−−−−−
 Before vesting date (number of share)
 Granted
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
Vested
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
After vesting date (number of share)
Vested
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
Expired
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
 b. Unit price information
Average stock price at time of exercise (yen)
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock options options options options options options options options options options options options
−−−−−−−−−−−−
 Exercise price (yen)
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
 Fair unit value on grant date (yen)
 3,418
2,219
572
369
568
409
234
582
667
767
597
659
3. Method for estimating the fair unit value of stock options
There were no new stock options granted in the current consolidated fiscal year.
4. Method for estimating the number of vested stock options
Since it is inherently difficult to estimate the number of stock options expected to expire, only the actual number of stock options that have expired is reflected.
    
65
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ahresty Report 2020
66
Notes on Tax Accounting
1. Breakdown of major causes for deferred tax assets and liabilities
Accrued expenses
Accounts payable – other (amount that has not been transferred to defined contribution pension plan)
Previous consolidated fiscal year
Current consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2020) (¥ millions)
69 8
493 1,146 2,266 706 8,528
(2,586)
4,442 (827) (623)
(1,225) (4,596)
  (March 31, 2019) 73
130
Excess deductible amount in bonus allowances
Unrealized profits for fixed assets
Over-depreciation 2,570
(¥ millions)
 Deferred tax assets
    Net defined benefit liability
836
704
Long-term accounts payable – other (amount that has not been transferred to defined contribution pension plan)
−
92
484 1,143
Unrealized profits for inventories
68
49
Loss carried forward (Note 2)
1,554
2,273
Provision for product warranties
31
17
Impairment loss
Deferred tax assets subtotal
Valuation reserve pertaining to the sum of deductible temporary differences
Deferred tax assets total Property replacement reserve
Fixed assets reserve
Exchange rate differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities of overseas consolidated subsidiaries
Deferred tax liabilities total
752 8,125
(1,671)
5,005 (861) (270)
(1,669) (5,115)
Other
480
698
Valuation reserve pertaining to tax loss carried forward (Note 2)
(1,448)
(1,499)
Subtotal of valuation reserves (Note 1)
(3,119)
(4,085)
Deferred tax liabilities
Special depreciation reserve
(28)
(50)
Net unrealized gains on securities
(925)
(451)
Other
(1,359)
(1,418)
Net deferred tax assets
 (110)
 (153)
 Notes: 1. Valuation reserves increased ¥966 million from the previous consolidated fiscal year. The major factor for the increase was an increase in the valuation reserve pertaining to tax loss carried forward at the domestic subsidiary.
2. Amounts of tax loss carried forward and deferred tax assets by the deadline for carrying forward Previous consolidated fiscal year (March 31, 2019)
Up to 1 year (million yen)
Valuation reserve −
More than 1 year and up to 2 years (million yen)
−
More than 2 years and up to 3 years (million yen)
−
More than 3 years and up to 4 years (million yen)
−
More than 4 years and up to 5 years (million yen)
(31)
More than 5 years (million yen)
(1,417)
Total (million yen)
(1,448)
 Tax loss carried forward (*1)
−
−
−
−
98
1,455
(*2) 1,554
 Deferred tax assets
 −
−
−
−
67
37
(*2) 105
(*1) The tax loss carried forward is an amount obtained by multiplying the effective statutory tax rate.
(*2) For the tax loss carried forward of ¥1,554 million (an amount obtained by multiplying the effective statutory tax rate), deferred tax assets of ¥105 million are posted. For this tax loss carried forward, valuation reserve is not recognized
for the portion that is determined to be recoverable based on the expected future taxable income, etc.
Consolidated fiscal year under review (March 31, 2020) More than 1
More than 2 years and up to 3 years (million yen)
(2)
More than 3 years and up to 4 years (million yen)
(39)
More than 4 years and up to 5 years (million yen)
(22)
More than 5 years (million yen)
(1,435)
Up to 1 year (million yen)
Valuation reserve −
year and up to 2 years (million yen)
−
Total (million yen)
(1,499)
 Tax loss carried forward (*1)
−
−
2
39
201
2,030
(*2) 2,273
 Deferred tax assets
 −
−
−
−
179
595
(*2) 774
(*1) The tax loss carried forward is an amount obtained by multiplying the effective statutory tax rate.
(*2) For the tax loss carried forward of ¥2,273 million (an amount obtained by multiplying the effective statutory tax rate), deferred tax assets of ¥774 million are posted. For this tax loss carried forward, valuation reserve is not recognized
for the portion that is determined to be recoverable based on the expected future taxable income, etc.
2. Breakdown by item of major causes for important differences between the burden rates of corporate tax at the statutory effective tax rate and after the application of deferred tax accounting
Previous consolidated fiscal year Current consolidated fiscal year
   Statutory effective tax rate
 30.6
 30.6
 (adjustments)
Items that will never be included as profits, such as dividend revenue
Tax credits for research and development expenses
Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance
Retained earnings of overseas consolidated subsidiaries
Amount of impact of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in the United States
Impact of exchange rate fluctuations at overseas consolidated subsidiaries
Burden ratio of corporate tax after application of deferred tax accounting
(Notes on Business Combination) Not applicable
(March 31, 2019) (%)
(3.3)
(4.8) 36.2 2.0
(0.1)
(5.8) 75.9
(March 31, 2020) (%)
(1.6)
(5.7) 183.3 3.8
−
(22.2) 217.0
Items that will never be included as losses, such as entertainment expenses
6.3
10.1
Per capita residential tax
1.7
4.5
Employees salary increase tax deduction, etc.
(0.1)
−
Difference in statutory tax rates of consolidated subsidiaries
17.8
19.6
Foreign tax credit
(4.9)
1.1
Difference due to tax rate change as a result of consolidated taxation
−
(1.6)
Other
0.3
(4.9)
  (Notes on Asset Retirement Obligations)
The Company has omitted notes for asset retirement obligations because the Company believes there is a bit significant need in this report for such disclosure.
(Notes on Rental Properties)
The Company has omitted notes for rental properties because the Company believes there is a bit significant need in this report for such disclosure.
Segment Information
1. Overview of reported segments
The reported segments of the Company are those units for which separate financial information can be obtained among the constituent units of the Company and for which the Board of Directors of the Company regularly carries out examinations to determine the allocation of management resources and assess the business performance.
The Company manages the Die Casting Business, the Aluminum Business, and the Proprietary Products Business.
In the Die Casting Business, the Company develops comprehensive strategies by regions: Japan, North America, and Asia, and is engaged in business activities accordingly.
As a result, the Company has five reported segments: Die Casting Business: Japan, Die Casting Business: North America, Die Casting Business: Asia, Aluminum Business, and Proprietary Products Business.
In the Die Casting Business, the Company is mainly engaged in manufacturing and sales of auto parts, general engine parts, industrial machinery parts, and dies in Japan, North America and Asia. In the Aluminum Business, the Company
    
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 67
Ahresty Report 2020
68
is engaged in smelting and sales of aluminum alloy ingots. In the Proprietary Products Business, it sells access floors and its accessories.
2. Methods for calculating net sales, profits or losses, assets, liabilities and amounts for other items by reported segment
Profits in the reported segments are figures based on operating income. Intersegment sales and transfers are based on current market values.
3. Information related to net sales, profits or losses, assets, liabilities and amounts for other items by reported segment
Previous consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2018 through March 31, 2019)
 Sales
 (1) Customers
Japan 67,998
North America 39,801 39,811 32,954 6,052
3,858
Asia 29,971
31,887 37,943 4,183
5,787
Reported segments Die Casting Business
Aluminum Business
4,679 9,204 3,019
44 67
Aluminum Business
3,993 7,093 2,388
46 55
Proprietary Products Business
2,976 2,982 2,194
4 26
Proprietary Products Business
2,603 2,605 1,282
10 −
(Millions of yen)
Total 145,428 155,587 130,946
16,209 16,528
(Millions of yen)
Total 120,577 128,111 125,215
14,490 19,377
(2) Intersegment
3,701
10
1,915
4,525
6
10,158
Total 71,699 Segment assets 54,834 Depreciation and amortization 5,925
Segment profits/loss
871
123
1,841
112
314
3,263
Other items
Impairment loss
289
3,012
−
−
−
3,302
Increase in tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets
6,788
 Current consolidated fiscal year (April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020)
Reported segments Die Casting Business
 Sales
 (1) Customers
Japan 59,500
North America 30,633 30,647 29,478 5,013
4,370
Asia 23,846
25,258 38,291 3,918
5,701
(2) Intersegment
3,005
13
1,411
3,100
2
7,533
Total 62,505 Segment assets 53,773 Depreciation and amortization 5,500
Segment profits/loss
(444)
635
3
169
277
642
Other items
Impairment loss
39
−
20
−
−
60
Increase in tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets
9,249
 4. Total amount in reported segments, difference from the amount posted in consolidated financial statement and important details in the difference (Difference adjustment)
Net sales
Elimination of intersegment transactions
Assets
Elimination of intersegment transactions
Assets in the consolidated financial statement
Previous consolidated fiscal year
(10,158)
Previous consolidated fiscal year
(5,339) 128,222
(Millions of yen)
Current consolidated fiscal year
(7,533)
(Millions of yen)
Current consolidated fiscal year
(4,709) 123,054
Profit
Elimination of intersegment transactions
Previous consolidated fiscal year
(35)
(Millions of yen)
Current consolidated fiscal year
122
 Total sales in reported segments
 155,587
 128,111
 Total profit in reported segments
 3,263
 642
 Net sales in the consolidated financial statement
 145,428
 120,577
 Operating income in the consolidated financial statement
 3,228
 764
  Total assets in reported segments
 130,946
 125,215
 Company-wide assets
2,615
2,548
 Other items
Impairment loss 3,302
Related Information
fiscal year fiscal year (9) −
fiscal year 3,293
fiscal year 60
(Millions of yen) Total amount in Adjustment Amount recorded in consolidated
reported segments financial statements Previousconsolidated Currentconsolidated Previousconsolidated Currentconsolidated Previousconsolidated Currentconsolidated
fiscal year fiscal year
 Depreciation and amortization
16,209
14,490
(198)
(160)
16,011
14,329
 The statement is omitted because the same information is presented in segment information.
2. Information by regions
(1) Sales
60
Increase in tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets
 16,528
19,377
(206)
(141)
16,322
19,235
Consolidated fiscal year under review (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
1. Information by products and services
Japan North America Asia Other regions
(Millions of yen) Total
 65,699
  30,624
  23,890
  363
  120,577
  Notes: 1. Sales are presented in categories by countries or regions based on the addresses of customers
2. Net sales in North America and Asia include net sales of ¥16,337 million in the United States that make up 10% or more of net sales on the consolidated income statement, net sales of ¥14,286 million in Mexico and net sales of ¥19,901 million in
China.
(2) Tangible fixed assets
Japan North America Asia Total
(Note) Tangible fixed assets in North America and Asia includes tangible fixed assets of ¥15,841 million in Mexico that makes up 10% or more of tangible fixed assets on the consolidated balance sheet and tangible fixed assets of ¥21,288 million in China.
3. Information by major customers
(Millions of yen) Name of customer Sales Titles of the related segments
[Related Party Information]
Transactions between the company submitting consolidated financial statements and related parties
Officers and major shareholders (limited to individuals) of the company submitting consolidated financial statements
(Millions of yen)
 32,009
  23,454
  24,928
  80,392
   Subaru Corporation
  17,345
  Die casting business: Japan
  Consolidated fiscal year under review (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Capital or Type Name investments (million yen)
Business or occupation
Ownership of voting rights (owned) (%)
Relationship with the interested party
Transaction
Amount of transaction (million yen)
Ending Item balance
(million yen)
 Officer
Arata Takahashi
−
President and CEO of the Company
(owned) Direct 3.7
−
In-kind contribution of monetary compensation claim
16
−
−
(Note) The in-kind contribution of monetary compensation claim is based on the restricted stock compensation plan (transfer restriction period: 3 year).
   
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 69
Ahresty Report 2020
70
Per Share Information
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
(26.77 yen)
   Net assets per share
 2,357.98
yen
 2,244.49
yen
 Net income or loss per share 16.26 yen
Diluted net income per share
 16.07
 yen
–
 Notes: 1. For fully diluted net income per share, no figure is recorded for the fiscal year under review as it is a net loss per share, although latent shares exist.
2. The following shows the basis of calculation of net income or loss per share and diluted net income per share.
   Net income per share
   Net income or loss attributable to owners of parent (million yen)
Net income or loss attributable to owners of parent (related to common shares) (million yen)
Diluted net income per share
Increase in number of common shares
Important Subsequent Events
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
421
421
304,130
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
(685)
(685)
–
Amount that does not belong to ordinary shareholders (million yen)
–
–
Average number of shares during the period
 25,900,783
 25,615,168
 Net income attributable to owners of parent (million yen)
–
–
Outline of latent shares without dilution effect not taken into account for calculation of diluted net income per share
 –
 –
 (Disposition of treasury shares as stock compensation)
At its meeting held on July 22, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company passed a resolution on the disposition of treasury shares (hereinafter the “Disposition of Treasury Shares”) as stock compensation as follows.
1. Overview of the disposition
(1) Date of disposition August 7, 2020
(2) Class and number of shares to be disposed of 156,541 shares of the Company’s common stock (3) Disposition price ¥359 per share
(4) Total amount of disposition ¥56 million
(5) Persons subject to allotment and number thereof and number of shares to be allotted
Directors (excluding directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members):
Five persons; 133,172 shares
Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding independent directors): One person; 6,657 shares
Executive officers: Four persons; 16,712 shares
(6) Other N/A
2. Purpose and reason for the disposition
At its meeting held on May 30, 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company resolved to introduce a restricted stock compensation plan (hereinafter the “Plan”) as a new compensation plan for the directors (excluding independent directors, hereinafter the “Target Directors”) and executive officers of the Company for the purpose of providing them with an incentive to work on the sustainable enhancement of the Company’s corporate value, further promoting the sharing of value with shareholders, and further increasing the linkage with medium- to long-term performance targets.
At its meeting held on July 22, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company passed the following resolution: Based on the plan, the Company will provide a monetary compensation claim to the Target Directors and executive officers, and the Target Directors and executive officers will pay all of the monetary compensation claims as in-kind contributions. The Company will then subscribe for its common shares to be allotted with the Disposition of Treasury Shares.
3. Overview of the Plan
The Target Directors and executive officers will pay all of the monetary compensation claims provided to them based on the Plan as in-kind contributions and will receive the issuance or disposition of the Company’s common shares. The total number of common shares that the Company will issue or dispose of to the Target Directors based on the Plan will be 240,000 shares or less, and the amount to be paid in per share will be the closing price of the Company’s common shares at the Tokyo Stock Exchange on the business day before the date of resolution at the Board of Directors’ meeting (if the transaction is not closed on that day, the closing price on the transaction date immediately prior to that day).
For the issuance or disposition of the Company’s common shares based on the Plan, the Company will enter into a restricted share allotment contract (hereinafter the “Allotment Contract”) with the Target Directors and executive officers, and its content will include the following: (1) The Target Directors and executive officers may not transfer, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Company’s common shares allotted to them under the Allotment Contract for a certain period of time; and (2) If a certain event occurs, the Company will acquire its common shares without compensation.
This time, the Company has decided to give the Target Directors and executive officers monetary compensation claims of ¥56 million in total and 156,541 shares of its common stock based on the resolution made at the Board of Directors meeting held on July 22, 2020 for the purpose of promoting talented human resources as an officer and further motivating each Target Director and executive officer, taking into consideration the purpose of the Plan, the business performance of the Company, the degree of contribution of each Target Director and executive officer, the scope of their work responsibilities, and various other circumstances.
Current status of production, orders received, and sales
(1) Production results
Production results by segment for the past two consolidated fiscal years are shown below.
     Segment
Die Casting Business: North America
Aluminum Business Total
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) Amount (¥ millions)
37,998 8,048 139,136
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020) Amount (¥ millions)
28,406 6,189 113,576
Increase/(decrease) %
(25.2) (23.1) (18.4)
 Die Casting Business: Japan
 63,705
 54,988
 (13.7)
 Die Casting Business: Asia
28,031
23,254
(17)
Proprietary Products Business
1,352
736
(45.6)
 Notes: 1. Monetary amounts are based on manufacturing costs, as available prior to inter-segment eliminations. 2. Consumption tax is not included in these amounts.
(2) Results of orders received
A significant part or our businesses depends on make-to-stock production based on informal orders received from customers, which are delivered (and sales recorded) for formal orders received several days prior to the date of delivery. Therefore the listing of results on orders received has been omitted.
   
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 71
Ahresty Report 2020
72
(3) Sales results
Sales results by business segment for the past two consolidated fiscal years are shown below.
     Segment
Die Casting Business: North America
Aluminum Business Total
Previous consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) Amount (¥ millions)
39,801 4,679 145,428
Current consolidated fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020) Amount (¥ millions)
30,633 3,993 120,577
Increase/(decrease) %
(23) (14.7) (17.1)
 Die Casting Business: Japan
 67,998
 59,500
 (12.5)
 Die Casting Business: Asia
29,971
23,846
(20.4)
Proprietary Products Business
2,976
2,603
(12.5)
 Notes: 1. Transactions among segments have been balanced out.
2. Sales results by major customers for the past two consolidated fiscal years and the ratio of their sales to overall sales are as
follows.
Previous consolidated fiscal year
(From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Current consolidated fiscal year
(From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Amount (¥ millions) %
    Customer Amount (¥ millions) % 3. Consumption tax is not included in the above amounts.
 Subaru Corporation
  19,406
  13.3
  17,345
  14.4
     
The Tag line “Casting Our Eyes on the Future” embodies our business attitude of always moving forward by taking the initiative in Research and Development, Service and Technology and by keeping all of our attention here at Ahresty focused on our customers, the global environment and the future of Ahresty itself, to realize the corporate philosophy represented in our name.
The word “Casting” in the Tag line combines the meaning of “to throw one’s gaze” with its other meaning of “to shape molten metal in a mold” which is our main line of business, die casting.
Ahresty Corporation
Tokyo Head Office
Nakanosakaue Sunbright Twin 5F, 2-46-1 Honcho, Nakano-ku, Tokyo, 164-0012, Japan
TEL. +81-3-6369-8660 FAX. +81-3-5358-5331
Issue: October, 2020