Enhance earning strength by improving productivity and quality 
We will promote productivity improvements and reduce manufacturing costs by implementing MONOZUKURI with Optimal Process Condition Control (OPCC).We will also introduce streamlining and manpower savings in the production system, inventory reductions and other initiatives with the aim of improving our price competitiveness. 

Improving productivity with OPCC 
To implement MONOZUKURI processes under Optimal Process Con- dition Control, or OPCC, we are working to improve productivity and reduce the defect rate. The process fields in which we will pursue OPCC in the three years of the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan include design of materials and dies, process design, setting manu- facturing conditions and equipment/dies maintenance and operational management. In these processes, we will identify tasks that will re- duce cycle times, reduce defects, improve the utilization rate, improve maintenance management and other purposes, prioritize them based on past activity data and start implementing measures that will pro- duce greater effects, thereby improving productivity and quality. 
Activities for OPCC 
(1) Using statistical quality control (SQC) to produce optimal manufacturing conditions 
For each of the priority products, a 2D code is given in the casting pro- cess, so that the measured values of various production parameters correspond to the product quality. We form hypotheses on the mech- anisms by which defects are generated, and verify them by employing design of experiments and statistical approaches. Identifying the re- lationship between each influencing factor and the quality and tak- ing the appropriate measures substantially lowers the defect rate in delivered materials, which improves the percentage of items that can be sent directly to customers’ production lines with no adjustments. 
Optimal condition 
(2) Introducing utility monitors for a stable supply and preventive maintenance 
To maintain the optimal production condition for die cast machines, Ahresty has been installing utility monitors on its production lines. By capturing detailed fluctuations in utilities, the monitors not only acquire data on the supply condition on the infrastructure side but also demand data on the machine side. Monitoring both the supply and demand sides enables a stable supply of products. Analyzing the collected data will contribute to effective preventive maintenance of equipment and to reducing the consumption of energy resources such as water and electricity in the future. 
At the 5th Global Kaizen Meeting, engineers from all the global sites discussed the theme “Introducing util- ity monitors.” 
Comprehensive streamlining of the production system and manpower savings We are working to establish a system to produce good products efficient- ly, through comprehensive streamlining and manpower savings. We will eliminate unnecessary processes and operations by introducing Kaizen, automating inspection processes, and through the use of “karakuri” mechanisms, thereby reducing costs and increasing value-added opera- tions, thus improving productivity and reducing manufacturing costs. 
Examples of manpower savings through Kaizen in work processes Reducing distances workpieces are moved when preparing casting fit- tings, palletizing, repositioning dollies for returning materials, etc., elimi- nating operations with high workloads, such as overturning heavy mate- rials for inspection, and other Kaizen initiatives to identify and improve unnecessary processes at production sites enabled casting operations and appearance inspections to be integrated, resulting in significant sav- ings in manpower. 
       
Air shower and Karakuri inspection board 
AHRESTY REPORT 2020 13 
