For Sustainable Growth
Corporate Governance
Improving Corporate Governance
Ahresty is making efforts to improve its corporate governance, thereby boosting profitability of the entire Ahresty Group and improving its management and capital efficiency and increasing its corporate value.
Ahresty believes that the basic policies of corporate governance should be to clarify its management responsibilities and account- ability to all of its shareholders and other stakeholders and to es- tablish a management system capable of making decisions promptly with a high level of transparency. Ahresty also focuses its efforts on improving its internal control and risk management systems, and establishing a management system capable of supervising the busi- ness activities of the entire Group.
Since it became a company with an audit and supervisory commit- tee in 2015, Ahresty has implemented various initiatives to enhance its corporate governance, including the introduction of a restricted stock compensation plan and evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors (questionnaire survey) in 2018 and setting up of the Nomination and Compensation Committee in 2019 to discuss the appointment/dismissal of directors, remunerations and require- ments for director candidates.
Our basic policy on return of profits is to provide appropriate returns to shareholders while bolstering the financial structure and manage- ment base for business development in the medium and long terms. In the first half of fiscal 2019, in addition to an interim dividend pay- ment, Ahresty carried out a buyback of its shares (worth 300 mil- lion yen (about 2% of outstanding shares)). We regret that we are unable to pay year-end dividends in view of the rapid changes in the external environment caused by the outbreak of COVID-19 in the fourth quarter. However, we will make continuous efforts to further improve our corporate governance while working to increase our corporate value and returns to our shareholders.
Corporate Governance Code formulated.
Stewardship Code 2014 formulated.
Corporate governance system
  Directors who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee
Board of Directors (10 directors)
 Directors
(excluding directors who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
5 5
(including 4 Independent Directors)
2 4
    Nomination and Compensation Committee (6 members)
 Inside Directors
  Independent Directors
 History of corporate governance reforms
Corporate Governance 2018 Code revised.
 2019
Nomination and Compensation Committee started working.
  2018
Restricted stock compensation plan introduced. Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors (questionnaire survey) introduced.
 2015
  2016
Improvements to governance in
line with Corporate Governance Code.
 2015
Became a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee.
  Director
(Audit and Supervisory Committee member)
Hiroshi Ishimaru
Ahresty became a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee in 2015. The purpose of this shift was to improve its governance. We have appointed four Independent Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Commit- tee members to listen to opinions of outsiders from a broad viewpoint, thereby improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Ahresty has implemented various initiatives to improve governance, such as introducing an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors in 2018 and setting up of the Nomination and Com- pensation Committee in 2019, and it will make continuous efforts to deepen management’s understanding of the purpose of the Corporate Governance Code and to increase transparency and effectiveness of our governance.
 AHRESTY REPORT 2020 21Impact on Ahresty’s stakeholders
  Analysis and evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
At the Board of Directors meetings, active discussions are held on management strategies, corporate governance, capital investment and various other management issues and business execution, while opinions are exchanged with Independent Directors. In fiscal 2019, 13 meetings of the Board of Directors were held.
Ahresty evaluates the effectiveness of its Board of Directors to rein- force the supervising function of the Board of Directors and increase its effectiveness. The role of the Board of Directors is constantly discussed in view of changes in the business environment and ex- pansion of our business on a global scale, and a questionnaire survey was introduced to enable the directors themselves to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Items in the self-evaluation questionnaire for the Board of Directors
Proper composition of members Proper proposals
Free and vigorous discussions Training of newly appointed directors
Provision of information on internal and external business environments
Allowing sufficient time for deliberation Updating management/business strategies
Reporting and handling risks
Establishing/observing and proper monitoring/supervision of the code of conduct and other rules
Effectiveness of the whistle-blowing system
Performance indicators
Reference to external information Reviewing adequacy of the quality and quantity of information
Setting proper annual goals for senior management
Evaluation results and future initiatives
The evaluation concluded that the composition of the Board of Directors was appropriate and that its effectiveness was ensured, and active discussions were held mainly on the Medi- um-Term Management Plan and other manage- ment strategies. Further improvements to the quality of information were pointed out as a task for the future.
• Review information regarding management and business strategies and performance monitoring
• Improve training for directors
Executive remuneration under the restricted stock compensation plan
With a view to achieving the 10-Year Vision and the medium-term management plan, Ahresty introduced a restricted stock compensa- tion plan in FY2018 to (i) provide executives with an incentive to con- tinuously improve the corporate value of Ahresty, (ii) facilitate their sense of shared values with shareholders and (iii) establish greater linkage with medium- to long-term performance goals. The restrict- ed stock compensation plan consists of performance-linked shares with transfer restrictions, which are subject to Ahresty achieving its medium- to long-term performance goals, and work-continua- tion-linked shares with transfer restrictions subject to continuous service as directors of Ahresty over a certain period of time.
Under the restricted stock compensation plan, a certain amount of the restricted stock is designed to reflect the degree to which the medium-term management plans are attained, performance results and other factors. Ahresty will strive to improve its performance re- sults and promote further value sharing with its shareholders from the medium- to long-term perspectives.Composition and operation of Board of DirectorsManagement strategies and business strategiesRisks and risk managementCorporate ethicsMonitoring performanceEvaluation and compensation for management      Transfer restriction period
Performance-linked shares with transfer restrictions
Three years, in principle, to match the period of the medium-term management plans
30 years
Work conditions
Work-continua- tion-linked shares with transfer restrictions
   Conditions for lifting transfer restrictions
Work conditions Work performance conditions
*Work performance conditions: Evaluated based on the manage- ment indicators specified in the 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan (sales, operating income margin, return on assets (ROA), and return on equity (ROE))  Evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors Overall evaluation resultsFuture initiatives22  Risk Management
Ahresty’s action principle for risk management is to avoid risks that may seriously affect its business management and address any risk that arises promptly and properly in a manner that will not undermine the safety, health or interest of any stakeholder so as to achieve a quick recovery while working to protect its management resources and minimize any damage from the risk, thereby ensuring the conti- nuity of its business management. Based on the Risk Management Rule it has established regarding risks associated with its business activities, Ahresty identifies, analyzes and evaluates risks regularly in light of the environment and trends both inside and outside the Company, holds discussions on priority activities and their aims, and checks improvements to risk management systems and frameworks for the entire Group.
Identifying and responding to risks
Ahresty selected 11 risk items as its risk management items for fiscal 2019 and appointed departments to be responsible for each risk. These included “transactions and compliance,” “disasters,” and “products and services.” By clarifying the degree of impact and causes of each risk, Ahresty has been working to enhance preven- tion, initial response and measures for recovery.
FY2019 risk management items and initiatives to enhance responses (excerpts)
Formulated guidelines for responses to ty- phoons and heavy rain and implemented measures against disasters, such as the introduction of emergency communication devices.
Formulated guidelines on how to respond to the COVID-19 new coronavirus, and imple- mented measures to prevent the infection of employees, including introducing telework- ing and staggered commuting hours. Also clarified measures to prevent the spread of the virus by infected employees that would enable business to continue in the event of an emergency.
Established internal rules, strengthened management of information devices, and limited access to information, thereby pre- venting leakage of information due to inter- nal fraud or external cyberattacks, etc.
Compliance
Ahresty considers the trust of its stakeholders to be the starting point in conducting all of its business activities, and follows a man- agement philosophy of making constant efforts to raise its corpo- rate value. The Compliance Principles and the Ahresty Group Code of Conduct have been established as standards to be observed by all executives and employees. By repeatedly communicating these standards with the proper timing and in a suitable manner, Ahresty aims to prevent illegal acts in advance. We will not only observe and adhere to laws and company rules but also engage in fair and honest business activities, in compliance with our corporate ethics and the standards of ethical behavior expected by society.
Compliance Promotion Framework
Ahresty has established a Global Compliance Committee to pro- mote compliance at all of its business locations globally. The Global Compliance Committee holds regular meetings twice each year and extra meetings as necessary to plan and implement all aspects of the Group’s compliance framework and to discuss compliance-relat- ed problems for the entire Group and decide on solutions. Each site or department is also required to establish a compliance committee to implement a series of initiatives to plan, promote, and evaluate activities appropriate for the compliance risks of the site or depart- ment. For employees, training programs using e-learning or by other means that are designed to raise their awareness of compliance are offered in a timely manner, such as when they join the company or when they are promoted. Ahresty has also established a Compliance Reporting System and set up points of contact for consultations re- lating to all aspects of compliance both inside and outside the com- pany, to create an environment in which employees feel no reserva- tions in using the system. To protect the privacy of informants and prevent them from suffering discrimination, Ahresty has established Guideline for Compliance Reporting System and handles all cases according to this guideline.
   Risk management item
 Disasters
(Typhoon, heavy rain)
Measures to ensure business continuation
 Occupational safety and health
(Infectious diseases)
 Information security
(Leakage of information)
 AHRESTY REPORT 2020 23