For Sustainable Growth 
Society 
Developing a corporate culture in which employees can observe their personal development and find their work rewarding 
For the sustainable growth of Ahresty, we believe that it is crucial to develop a corporate culture in which each employee can grow through their work, and have pride and motivation in their work and workplace. 
Occupational Safety and Health Policy 
Top Management’s Commitment 
Top management will establish occupational safety and health management systems to develop and maintain a working environment where all associates at the Ahresty Group can work without risk to health and safety. Top management will also establish a Safety & Health Management Committee at each site, which reflects associate feedback to the systems to promote continual improvement. 
Our Declaration 
We at Ahresty will: 
1.Work with Ahresty Safety Awareness in mind; 2.Work toward occupational safety and health goals to achieve a healthy workplace with 
zero accidents; 3.Comply with occupational safety and health requirements, such as national and local 
laws and regulations; and 4.Strive to develop a safety working environment and raise safety awareness through in- 
volvement in occupational safety and health activities, such as risk assessment, educa- tion and training, HHK and KY activities. 
      
For higher quality and improved productivity Development of human resources that underpin our MONOZUKURI To achieve high quality and productivity in manufacturing, Ahresty is committed to systematic human resources development according to its strategic human resources plan (human resources roadmap) both inside and outside of Japan. The training system consists of common education programs and specialized education programs, which are designed to teach a range of professional skills. They allow employees to receive systematic training of the same quality at all sites both inside and outside of Japan. From FY2016 we rolled out RST Gakuen (academy) which passes on knowhow about MONOZUKURI built up since Ahresty’s foundation, thus developing the Global RST Learning, a training structure under which all our employees can receive the same level of training globally. We recommend that training on the importance of standards should be made available to all employees. Moreover, we train the team leaders of our manufacturing process- es to be G/E Trainers, enabling them to acquire the abilities neces- sary to analyze the current situation and find concrete solutions to problems and to offer guidance and instruction to their team. We also hold a Global Kaizen Meeting, where engineers from all bas- es gather together to exchange technologies and mutually improve their skills through the presentation of Kaizen cases and group dis- cussions. Through these programs and events, Ahresty works to de- velop human resources who support manufacturing in various ways. 
Changes in the number of on-site supervisors qualified as G/E Trainers 
■Overseas ■Japan (persons) 
160 
120 
80 
40 
0 
2015 
2016 
2017 
146 
51 
95 
2018 2019 
   
24 
Quality Month activities 
Ahresty Safety Awareness 1.Safety must be prioritized more than 
any other aspect. 
2.Safety is more important than any other aspect. 
3.Safety is always more important than efficiency of production. 
4.Safety starts with arrangement, orderliness and cleaning. 
5.Ahresty does not need associates who cannot prioritize safety. 
To contribute to improving the quality of its products and services, Ahresty has allocated a Quality Month (November), which is broad- ly promoted to raise quality awareness and disseminate activities to promote quality control. During Quality Month, activities include holding quality KYT/AKS activities, encouraging Quality Awareness Proposals and other initiatives to raise quality awareness. The num- ber of Quality Awareness Proposals gathered has increased year by year and reached 1,833 from individuals and 210 from groups in fiscal 2019. Outstanding proposals are used to improve product quality, work efficiency and work quality. 
 
Developing human resources and response to diversified workstyles With the population increasingly aging and with the declining birth- rate, recruiting, developing and retaining competent human resourc- es is crucial for the improvement of corporate value. Ahresty be- lieves that allowing each employee to play an active role that makes the most of their capabilities results in growth for the company. 
Improving the personnel system 
A new personnel system was introduced in April 2019 to respond to diversifying workstyles and to enable the personal development of each employee. The new personnel system features a Course Sys- tem that allows each employee to select a workstyle that fits their lifestyle, career vision and personal situation. We also revised the job class, salary, bonus, and evaluation systems and introduced a Class System in which the areas of job responsibility are divided into expert duties and management duties and employees are sorted into performance-based classes in a role-based hierarchy. We have also introduced allowances that follow the principle of equal pay for equal work and revised the leave system. 
Response to diversifying workstyles 
At Ahresty, all female employees may take maternity leave before and after childbirth and child care leave. Male employees are also encouraged to take childcare leave. To support female employees in playing an active role throughout the different stages of their life, Ahresty is working to establish an environment in which employees feel comfortable in taking maternity and childcare leave, and which allows them to work reduced hours after their leave until their chil- dren are in the third year of elementary school, helping them to bal- ance childcare and work. Ahresty has also introduced various other programs to promote flexible workstyles, including a flextime pro- gram, teleworking (home working), and a nursing care leave system. 
Together with the Community Training human resources who will move the manufacturing industry forward In July 2018, Ahresty India, an Indian subsidiary of Ahresty, was certified as a Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and opened Ahresty JIM. The Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) is implemented under the Manufacturing Skill Transfer Promotion Programme, which was signed by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan and the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship of India (MSDE) in November 2016, to train human resources who can devel- op the manufacturing industry in India. In fiscal 2019, Ahresty JIM admitted 53 new students who will study Japanese-style MONOZU- KURI and play core roles at the manufacturing sites. 

Human resources data (As of March 31, 2020) Number of Group employees and percentage of overseas employees 
Percentage of 
overseas 6,780 employees 
Percentage of female employees taking maternity leave before and after childbirth and child care leave. 
100% 
Reemployment rate of employees retiring at the age of 60 
83.3% 
Ahresty JIM 
   
Employees 
 
persons 
65.2% 
(4,421 persons) 
73.9% 
6.06% 
Average overtime hours 
9:40 h / month * Figures other than the number of Group employees and percentage of overseas employees are nonconsolidated data. 
Percentage of employees taking paid leave 
Turnover rate 
AHRESTY REPORT 2020 25 
