For Sustainable Growth 
Environment 
An environment-friendly company 
In creating an environment-friendly company, Ahresty engages in various initiatives to prevent pollution and save energy and resources in its manufacturing processes. 
Ahresty Environmental Policy 
	1.	We are aware that our activities of development, production, sales, and disposal are related to and influence the global environment, and we establish the environmental purpose, goal, and implementation plan, revise them as necessary, and constantly strive for improvement in our environmental conservation activities.  
	2.	We observe environmental regulations, rules, and agreements of federal and local governments, stakeholders etc., and establish our own standards within feasible technical and economical range, and strive for further environmental protection.  
	3.	We give special priority to the following aspects and make effort to protect the environment and prevent pollution. 
	.	(1)  We thoroughly manage and constantly improve the facilities and processes related to air pollution and water contamination.  
	.	(2)  We maintain a 100% recycle rate in regard to waste materials.  
	.	(3)  We promote the reduction of the total amount of waste materials, the expansion of aluminum recycling business,  and contribute to recycling-oriented society.  
	.	(4)  We aim to reduce CO2 emission, and are conscious of global warming.  
	.	(5)  We aim to develop and design environmentally friendly products and commodities.  
	4.	We constantly stimulate awareness for environmental issues among our employees with respect to environmental protection by means of providing training as well as internally communicating the policy.  
	5.	We enhance a harmonious relationship with society by striving toward environmental conservation of the local community.  

Environmental Targets and Results for plants in Japan in fiscal 2019 
To reduce the environmental impact of our manufacturing processes, we have set specific environmental targets for our production activities. 
* Target achievement level: 1 (not achieved) < 5 (achieved) 
Eliminate non-conforming external leaks and complaints. 
Set targets for each site. *Continue monitoring and implementing 
activities to improve the recycling rate. 
Set targets for each site. * For overseas business sites, set a target of reducing by at least 1.0% over FY2019. *Continue monitoring and implement- 
ing activities required to improve the energy consumption rate calculated by positively evaluating actions to reduce peak electricity demand. 
Set targets for each site. * For overseas business sites, set a target of reducing by at least 1.0% over FY2019. 
Set a target for the number of times each business site must organize social contri- bution activities related to the environment. *Social contribution activities related to 
the environment refer to activities for community clean-ups and to preserve Satoyama, socio-ecological production landscapes. 
Introduce greening activities that im- prove the landscape at each site, refer- ring to the Ahresty greening guidelines. 
    
Environmental category 
 
Atmosphere, water quality, noise, etc. 

Waste materials 
FY 2019 targets 
Prevent environmental problems such Eliminate non-conforming external leaks Non-conforming external leaks and com- 
as atmospheric pollution, and complaints. plaints were eliminated. water contamination and noise pollution. 
FY 2019 results 
Evaluation* 
FY 2020 targets 

Reduce total waste generation rate by Reduce the total amount 1% or more over the previous fiscal year. The target was achieved at six out of the 
of waste materials. *Continue monitoring and implementing 11 targeted business sites. activities to improve the recycling rate. 
5 
3 
     
Saving energy and natural resources 
Reduce CO2 emissions to counter global warming. 
Reduce CO2 emission intensity by 4% compared with fiscal year 2015 (or a 1% reduction compared with the previous fiscal year for business sites that have already met the target). 
Alternatively, consultations with the sec- retariat for all companies. *Continue monitoring and implement- 
ing activities required to improve the energy consumption rate calculated by positively evaluating actions to reduce peak electricity demand. 
The target was achieved in four out of the 11 targeted business sites. * The power coefficient is fixed. 
2 
         
Reduce water consumption per ton of Reduce the consumption of water production. Of the six targeted business sites, two 
used in processes. *Target value should be determined by sites met the target. each business site. 
2 
     
Other 
Introduce social contribution activities. 
Set a target for the number of times each business site must organize social contri- bution activities related to the environment. *Social contribution activities related to 
the environment refer to activities for community clean-ups and to preserve of Satoyama, socio-ecological production landscapes. 
Eleven of the 13 business sites met their targets. About 80 plans were held in all compa- nies. 
4 
          
Increase greening activities that improve Increase greening of sites. the landscape at each site, referring to 
the Ahresty greening guidelines. 
Greening activities that improve the land- scape were increased at all sites, result- ing in active communication both inside and outside the company. 
5 
 
26 
Environmental targets in 1921 Medium-Term Management Plan 
*Ahresty has also set environmental targets at its overseas plants, including reducing CO2 and water consumption, in the same target categories as those adopted in Japan to carry out global environmental management. 

Raising environmental awareness 
Ahresty hosts various educational events and communication activ- ities related to the environment to raise its employees’ environmen- tal awareness. 
Ahresty Green Convention 
Ahresty Green Convention is an assembly held under the Environ- mental Policy for reporting on cases of improvements in a broad range of environment-related fields. Effective activities reported at the Convention are introduced at other business sites and then throughout the Group, with the aim of helping reduce the environ- mental impact and preserve the environment in local communities. 
Cases of improvements reported at the 17th Ahresty Green Convention 
Reduction of gas consumption by heat-treating furnaces 
Reduction of environmental impact by shortening work- ing hours and saving resources when manufacturing re- use dies and multipurpose dies 
Countermeasures for water leaks, automated water quali- ty adjustment of the plant’s circulating water, JECSS return water collection to reduce per-unit water consumption 
Activities to reduce water consumption Reduction of cost of disposing of wood pallets 
Reduction of tap water consumption 
Countermeasures for deterioration of waste water treatment machines 
Reduction of power consumption by introducing LED lighting Report on social contribution activities. Reduction of waste cutting oil concentrated liquid waste 
Active contribution to conservation activities 
In response to our employees’ wish to contribute to environmental protection outside the workplace, Ahresty is introducing activities to protect the natural environment, including clean-ups of neighboring areas, and activities to preserve biodiversity, such as the protec- tion of Socio-Ecological Production Landscapes (Satochi-satoyama) through planting trees and thinning forests. 
Results of initiatives (plants in Japan) 
CO2 emissions* 
The figures show the consump- tion of fuel and electric power after conversion to CO2 emis- sions. The line graph shows the CO2 emissions calculated using the conversion factors published by the electric power companies. 
* At the six main plants in Japan 
Unit CO2 emissions* 
■Conversion factors: fixed values Conversion factors: published values 
(thousand t-CO2) 
120 100 80 60 40 20 
0 2015 2016 2017 2018 
■Conversion factors: fixed values Conversion factors: published values 
96.1 
91.8 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
881.8 
856.1 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
1,485 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
279 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
86.0 
2019 
(Fiscal year) 
       
The basic CO2 emissions unit is (kg-CO2/Production weight t) calculated by dividing the CO2 1,000 emissions by the production 800 weight, indicating the amount 
600 
        
Ahresty Tochigi 
Location 
Theme 
of CO2 emitted in producing 1t. 

* At the six main plants in Japan 400 To evaluate the effects of CO2 200 emission reduction activities, CO2 0 conversion factors are calculated 2015 2016 based on the past fixed value. 
Discharged materials (t) 
Discharged materials shows 2,500 all the materials discharged 2,000 from business offices, in- 1,500 cluding valuable materials 1,000 and waste, except steel and 500 aluminum. 
0 
2017 2018 
2017 2018 
2017 2018 
2017 2018 
 
Ahresty Die Mold Hamamatsu 
  
Tokai Plant 
  
Kumagaya Plant 
 
Higashimatsuyama Plant 
   
Ahresty Kumamoto 
 
Ahresty Pretech 
 
Technical Center 

2015 2016 
 
Tokyo Head Office 
 
Ahresty Yamagata 
  
Water consumption (Thousand m3) Water consumption shows 400 
 
the amount of clean water 300 and groundwater consumed. 200 Reduction in the use of water resources has been 100 included in our targets since 
fiscal 2011. 0 
Percentage of (%) employees with 100 Ahresty eco Licenses 80 
60 
internal examination system designed to improve its em- 0 ployees’ awareness of the environment. 
2015 2016 
2015 2016 
        
Ahresty has established the Ahresty eco License, a unique 40 
20 

AHRESTY REPORT 2020 27 
