About Tsukishima Kikai Value Creation Strategy Value Creation Results Business Foundation Financial Data
 The costs associated with sludge treatment account for a large share of maintenance and management costs for small and medium-sized sewage treatment plants, putting pressure on local government finances. In response to the need for low cost and sludge volumes reduction technologies to gather sludge at small and medium-sized sewage treatment plants and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism of Japan sought technologies under a project targeting the development of innovative sewage technologies, and our technology has been chosen from among the public.
The Group’s proposal will reduce fossil fuel consumption by using heat from sewage sludge while cutting sludge treatment costs. Facility design and construction will
take place in Muroran city, Hokkaido in FY2020, and
■ Building regional resource recycling-based societies
demonstration test is set to start in FY2021. By installing
a dewatering and drying system and biomass boiler at a small or medium-sized sewage treatment plant, we will verify reductions in sludge treatment costs by using heat inside the sewage treatment plant and reducing sludge volumes. Additionally, sludge from nearby sewage treatment plants, wood, and other local biomass resources will be used to establish a wide-area regional recycling model.
In addition to promoting effective use of sewage sludge at small and medium-sized sewage treatment plants, Tsukishima Kikai will establish wide-area systems for reducing lifecycle costs as part of efforts to build regional resource recycling- based societies.
Dewatered sludge
Dryer
Dried sludge
Combustion ash
In urban areas that generate large volumes of sewage sludge, incineration of sewage sludge is conducted using mainly fluidized-bed incinerators. This requires the use of large blowers to inject air from beneath the fluidized bed (sand). Next-generation sludge incineration systems supply air inside the incinerator using energy from the incinerator’s exhaust gas, with no need for blowers, providing power savings of 40-60% compared to previous systems. In addition, they
■ Next-generation sludge incineration system
Combustion exhaust gas
reduce emissions of dinitrogen monoxide (N2O), a greenhouse gas generated in sewage sludge incineration with a global warming potential (GWP) of approx. 300 times that of CO2
by 50% due to high combustion efficiency. As described above, we are steadily accumulating proven technologies offering outstanding performance for energy conservation and greenhouse gas reductions. We have received 11 orders for these systems.
         Moisture
Dewatered sludge
Incinerator
Air
Compressor
Turbocharger
Transmits rotational force of turbine blades to compressor blades
Exhaust
Turbine
Eliminates need for fans (induced draft fans) to draw exhaust gas from the incinerator.
Compressed air
Draws in air from the center through blade rotation and compresses air through centrifugal force generated by rotation.
Eliminates need for blowers (fluidizing blowers) to inject air into the incinerator.
Core of system
Rotates blades by combustion exhaust gas
      Sewage
      Sludge
Dehydrated sludge
Reducing use of fossil fuels through sewage sludge-to-fuel systems
  We are also involved in the business of reducing greenhouse gases by cutting use of fossil fuels by using sewage sludge as a carbon neutral solid fuel, for which we have received eight orders to date. Once the ordered systems are all start-up, this will lead to reduction of coal use of approx. 20,000 t/year from production of approx. 38,000 t/
year of solid fuel. Combining the portion corresponding to the adoption of the sludge-to-fuel systems at sewage treatment plants with that from reduced use of coal through use of solid fuel, this leads to a greenhouse gas emission reduction of approx. 84,000 t-CO2/year, equivalent to emissions from approx. 24,000 ordinary households.
  Nearby sewage treatment plants   Sewage treatment plant
  Dewatering equipmentWastewater treatment
Digestion tankBiomass boilerRegional biomass
Effective use
■ Sludge-to-fuel business
Sewage sludge
    Sewage treatment plants
 Research project
Research for demonstration of low-cost sludge reduction technology using biomass boilers to contribute to the wide-area linkage of small and medium-sized sewage treatment plants
Joint partners
Tsukishima Kikai Co., Ltd., Nippon Steel Cement Co., Ltd., Takasago Thermal Engineering Co., Ltd., Muroran city, and Muroran Institute of Technology
Demonstration location
Ranto Sewage Treatment Plant (Muroran City, Hokkaido)
Demonstration period
Starting FY2020
Stable long-term recycling system
Sewage sludge-to-fuel system
Reduces emissions of N2O with a GWP of approx. 300 times that of CO2 by
50%
  Reduction in coal use:
approx.
20,000
t /year
Reduction in greenhouse gas emissions:
approx. 84,000t-CO2/year
Sewage sludge fuel
(Coal alternative)
Sewage sludge pellets
      29 / Integrated Report 2020
Integrated Report 2020 / 30

We are currently deploying a 20-year power generation business involving the purchase of carbon neutral digestion gas from municipalities, generated through methane fermentation of sewage sludge, and the sale of electricity using the feed-in-tariff (FIT) system, allocating the revenues from power sales to cover the costs of digestion gas fees and investment in power generation equipment. We are a pioneer in this business model, securing the top share of the Japanese market with a track record of 17 projects. The total generating capacity to date is approx. 14,600 kW, equivalent to the power consumed by approx. 24,500 ordinary households.