As the time approaches to renovate Japan’s aging water supply and sewage system infrastructure, strengthening earthquake resistance and preparing for frequent torrential downpours and other natural disasters are urgent priorities. On the other hand, as the number of personnel involved in the water purification and sewage treatment continues to decline due to Japan’s decreasing workforce, it is essential to maintain the water supply and sewage system infrastructure, a major social infrastructure, through public-private partnerships while using private sector expertise and capital.
Tsukishima Kikai’s life cycle business includes PFI and DBO projects that integrate construction with long-term maintenance, as well as multiyear comprehensive O&M contracts. We were among the first companies involved in joint public-private partnerships, such as the drainage treatment PFI project at the Samukawa Water Purification Plant in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan’s first water/sewage PFI project. We now have many years of experience and expertise in this area.
Tsukishima Technology Maintenance Service Co., Ltd., which handles operation & maintenance at some 100 of water purification and sewage treatment facilities across Japan, is socially responsible for ensuring such facilities continue to function to the extent possible even in the event of emergencies. Tsukishima Technology Maintenance Service has formulated a risk management plan for normal times
and business continuity plan (BCP) to improve its capacity to respond to emergencies, and it carries out periodic drills related thereto. The company also maintains the structure needed
to stockpile emergency supplies and equipment (e.g., food, generators) and dispatch personnel, equipment, and supplies to affected sites in the event of an emergency.
As part of efforts to automate everyday site operations
and reduce labor requirements, the company has established an intensive monitoring center that supervises multiple sites simultaneously and introduced the use of smart technologies in on-site work. In one example, site workers wear smart glasses to share high-resolution audio-visual data with engineers at the head office to ascertain status details. Providing workers on site with support through audio-visual communication enables fast and effective response, even in remote locations.