Petrochemical products are used across a wide range
of applications involving resins, films, and mechanical products. The waste liquid generated in petrochemical plants manufacturing raw materials for such products is difficult
to treat using standard wastewater treatment methods, creating demand for special treatment. We hold leading shares of the domestic and international markets for waste liquid combustion systems used to treat this waste liquid, holding a 70% share of the Japanese market. With broad and expanding demand for petrochemical products into the future, particularly in rapidly growing emerging markets, we will continue to focus on sales expansion for the waste liquid combustion systems both in Japan and around the world.

Both people’s daily lives and industrial activities generate a wide range of solid waste, generating in turn demand for
its proper treatment. Solid waste treatment facility can be used to treat a diverse range of solid waste, including plastic waste and sludge. Melting kilns can efficiently and safely treat a wide range of waste, including medical waste, glass shards, and other difficult to recycle waste, PVCs, waste oil, and waste liquid, by melting them together. They also contribute to building a recycling-based society by making it possible to recover rare metals from the melt residue.

Hydrochloric acid recovery and concentration systems are used to recover hydrochloric acid as industrial raw material from exhaust gas produced in the incineration of waste containing chlorine that is difficult to burn, such as vinyl chloride monomer (VCM) and plastic waste. We have developed and refined these systems since the 1960s, delivering more than 100 systems to date to customers
in Japan and around the world. We expect to apply these technologies in various areas, including plastic waste treatment, a growing issue worldwide.
DAIDO CHEMICAL ENGINEERING CORP. deploys acid recovery systems for use by manufacturers of electronic components, iron & steel, and chemicals. While acids such as hydrochloric acid, sulfuric acid, nitric acid, hydrofluoric acid, and boric acid are used repeatedly in production lines, as their impurity content increases, they become unusable and must be disposed of as waste. Recovering reusable acids through the process of concentration, crystallization, and dialysis of waste acid liquids and then returning them to production lines can help reduce waste liquid volumes and waste emissions.

We have various exhaust gas treatment technologies that help prevent air pollution. For example, such technologies enabled a rational process of generating ammonium sulfate, a leading fertilizer ingredient, through contact between exhaust gas containing ammonium generated from steel mill coke ovens and sulfuric acid, by balancing environmental protection with effective use of exhaust gas components.