                                                                                                                                                Integrated Report
2 018
Year ended March 31, 2018
                                                                                                          
  UBE Group Profile
Establishment   1897
Businesses   Chemicals, pharmaceuticals, cement & construction materials,
machinery, and energy & environment
Consolidated results for fiscal 2017, ended March 31, 2018
Net sales
Operating profit
Net income per share* (Primary)   ¥301.65
¥695.5 billion ¥50.2 billion
  Employees
10,799 (consolidated) 3,555 (non-consolidated)
 *The Company consolidated every 10 shares into one share, effective October 1, 2017.
UBE Group History
1897 Established in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture as a coal mining operation
1914 Machinery business begins by manufacturing and maintaining coal mining machinery 1923 Inaugurates cement operations by drawing on the abundant limestone resources of Ube’s
surrounding areas as well as coal from Ube
1933 Chemical business starts by manufacturing ammonium sulfate for chemical fertilizers 1942 Establishes Ube Industries, Ltd.
1993 Invests in Spanish caprolactam manufacturer
1997 Starts nylon and caprolactam production in Thailand
Contents
Introduction and Management Message
Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Initiatives to Create Value
and Drive Sustainable Growth
ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Financial Section
Network
Investor Information
Basic Approach to Sustainable Growth 1 To Our Stakeholders: The UBE Group’s Management Policies 2 Financial Strategy 7 Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 8 The UBE Group’s Business Model 10 The UBE Group’s Value Creation Process 12
       Key Elements of the UBE Group’s Value Creation:
Materiality
Manufacturing and Natural Capital 14 R&D and Intellectual Capital 16 Human Capital 18 Social Capital 20
22
     Medium-Term Management Plan 25
Overview 26
Segment Strategies 28
Basic Stance on Corporate Citizenship 36
Outside Directors and Auditors Forum 37
Corporate Governance 40
Human Resources 44
Coexisting with Communities 46
Environment and Safety Management 48
Process Safety and Disaster Prevention /
Occupational Safety and Health 49
Environmental Preservation 50 Product Safety and Quality Assurance 54 Consolidated 10-Year Financial Summary 56 Business and Other Risks 58
60 61
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements regarding UBE’s plans, outlook, strategies, and results for the future. All forward-looking state- ments are based on judgments derived from information available to the Company at the time of publication.
Certain risks and uncertainties could cause the UBE Group’s actual results to differ materially from any projections presented in this report. These risks and uncertainties include, but are
not limited to, the economic circumstances sur- rounding the Company’s business, competition, product development, exchange rates, and revision of related laws and regulations.
Fiscal years are years ended March 31
of the following calendar year: for example, fiscal 2017 in the text is the year ended March 31, 2018.
                
   Introduction and Management Message
Basic Approach to Sustainable Growth
The UBE Group’s Business Principles
“Coexistence and Mutual Prosperity” “From Finite Mining to Infinite Industry”
The UBE Group Vision
Wings of technology and spirit of innovation.
That’s our DNA driving our global success.
The UBE Group will embrace a frontier spirit in seeking to achieve coexistence with the global community driven by the limitless possibilities of technology, while continuing to create value for the next generation through manufacturing.
What We Want to Become in 10 Years
An enterprise that continues to create value for customers
Medium-Term Management Plan
Two basic policies of “Change & Challenge 2018”
        Strengthen the business foundation to enable sustainable growth
Address and be part of the solution for resource, energy, and global environmental issues
          Shareholders
Proper disclosure and shareholder returns such as dividend payment
Customers
Providing safe and high-quality products and solutions
Business Partners
Fair and impartial dealings
Employees
Optimizing work environments in terms of salaries, motivation, growth, and work–life balance
Communities
Coexistence, maintaining the environment, creating jobs, and paying our taxes
          Editorial Policy
From fiscal 2017, the Company is publishing an Integrated Report to replace its annual and CSR reports. The new publication focuses on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) information, as well as other non-financial and financial information that has significant impacts on corporate value.
The new format comprises five sections that deepen understanding of the UBE Group’s management policies, business model, capital (operating resources), materi- ality, and ESG initiatives. These sections
are Introduction and Management Message, Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth, Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth, ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth, and the Financial Section.
Reference Guidelines
International Integrated Reporting Framework of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)
Reporting Period
This report covers fiscal 2017, ended March 31, 2018, and also includes activities and information before and after that term.
Scope of Coverage
Ube Industries, Ltd., consolidated subsidiaries and non-consolidated subsidiaries
About us / Investors
Management policies, finances, results, and shareholder information and investor relations (IR) materials are available in the Investor Relations section of the UBE Group’s website: http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/corporate/
CSR / Environment and Safety
Information regarding CSR initiatives, environmental and safety initiatives, contributions, compliance, and corporate governance are available in the CSR Activities section of the UBE Group’s website:
http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/csr/
1

          Medium-Term Management Plan
   FY2016 FY2017 (Results) (Results)
¥616.5 ¥695.5 34.9 50.2 33.3 50.7
24.1 31.6 5.7% 7.2% 8.7% 10.5%
36.0% 24.9%
12,100 12,100 1.4% 1.5% 13.6 13.2
FY2018
(Target) rate
Progression
      Economic Value
Net sales (Billions of yen)
Operating profit (Billions of yen)
Ordinary profit (Billions of yen)
Profit attributable to owners of parent (Billions of yen)
Return on sales (ROS)
Return on equity (ROE)
Total return ratio*
Greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) (1,000t - CO2e/y)
Percentage of female managers
R&D expenses (Billions of yen)
¥750.0 92% 50.0 100% 49.0 103%
29.0 108% more than 6.5% 110% more than 9.0% 116% more than 30% —
        Yuzuru Yamamoto President and CEO
          Environmental and Social Value
     2
* Total return ratio = (Cash dividends + Share repurchase) / Profit attributable to owners of parent

  Introduction and Management Message
To Our Stakeholders
The UBE Group’s Management Policies
The Strengths Underpinning the Group’s Long-Term Value Creation Capabilities
Responsiveness
to Changes in the
Operating Climate
and the Underlying
Power of Our People
The UBE Group celebrated its 120th anniversary
in 2017, which represented an outstanding oppor- tunity to renew its commitment to growth in the years ahead. We have faced numerous challenges over the years. When demand switched away from coal to oil as a prime energy source and the coal mining that had been our core business since
our foundation was no longer viable, we moved forward to the next stage with our chemicals, cement & construction materials, and machinery businesses. The Oil Shocks prompted a review of fossil fuels as a primary energy source for Japan, leading to imports of coal and a swift switch from oil back to coal. Such developments illustrate the large and small ways in which we have constantly responded to changes in the operating climate and have continued to progress with our businesses.
A solid responsiveness that has enabled us to
Power of our people is vital
to pursue sustainable growth
overcome business environment changes and our ensuing ongoing development has been central to our corporate culture throughout our history.
Another factor in our development to date has been the power of our people. Our ability to foster our human resources to pursue sustainable growth will shape whether we can continue to progress. With the world facing the great challenge of global warming, representing a strong headwind for our core coal business, the capabilities of our people will be vital to responding to change and transform- ing our businesses. By continuing to strengthen human resources we seek to accommodate change in pursuing sustainable growth.
Highlights of Progress with Change & Challenge 2018 Medium-Term Management Plan
Chemical Business Steadily Getting Back on Track to Growth
Summary of Progress in Second Year of the Medium-Term Management Plan
Our medium-term management plan will end in fiscal 2018. A key focus is to restore our chemicals business to growth, and we are pushing ahead with business portfolio management efforts that entail restructuring our businesses for growth.
We made considerable progress overall in fiscal 2017, the second year of that initiative, as we ini- tially expected. In terms of developing fields, we saw steady progress. On the active growth busi- nesses front, we upgraded our Spanish nylon plant as well as separator facilities at the Sakai Factory. Platform business efforts included switching the production method for cyclohexanone, a raw material for caprolactam, at the Ube Chemical Factory.
Key positive external factors were expanded price spreads from favorable conditions in the caprolactam market and a temporary expansion in price spreads for synthetic rubber owing to a time lag from a rise in raw materials prices the previous fiscal year. Internally, it is worth noting that we did better than planned in rebuilding the profitability of restructuring businesses. As a result of these fac- tors, we reached the operating profit target of ¥20 billion for our chemicals business a year ahead of the final target of Change & Challenge 2018.
       Number of Employees (Consolidated)
As of March 31, 2018
Reportable segment
Chemicals Pharmaceutical
Europe 460
Asia 1,008
Japan 9,248
Americas 83
            4,878 117
2,954 1,827 187 Other 437 Corporate 399
10,799
      Cement & Construction Materials
Machinery
Energy & Environment
3

 Progress by Business Portfolio Categorization
Developing Fields
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
616.5 0.5 166.4 (0%) 181.5
   (0%) (24%) (22%)
21.8 (4%)
(25%)
135.0
FY2016 (Results)
FY2017 (Results)
FY2018 (Forecast) (Medium-term management
plan target)
FY2016 (Results)
FY2018 (Forecast) (Medium-term management
plan target)
Active Growth Businesses Platform Businesses Restructuring Businesses
740.0 695.5
750.0
1%
Operating Profit
30 7 (0%)
(Billions of yen)
34.9
11.7 (33%)
50.2
50.0 44.0
25.3 (4%)
23.2 (3%)
0.6 (2%)
-1.7 (-5%)
3.1 2.0 (6%) (5%)
26%
69%
4%
 19.7 (39%)
37%
60%
4%
    459.3 (74%)
503.0 (72%)
532.2 (72%)
17.1 (39%)
  24.4 (70%)
28.5 (57%)
25.7 (58%)
 Completing Change & Challenge 2018 Tasks
In fiscal 2018, the final year of Change & Challenge 2018, our main priority will be to recoup the mas- sive investments that we have made to date. Under the previous medium-term management ini- tiative, we formulated investment plans. We made major investments in growth through fiscal 2017, the second year of Change & Challenge 2018, and seek to reap the rewards in fiscal 2018. We may encounter some profitability setbacks compared with fiscal 2017, one example being that price
spreads on synthetic rubber may return to normal after the temporary expansion experienced in fiscal 2017, but facilities startups as planned should con- tribute to earnings. The degree to which the chemi- cals business has recovered will form the founda- tion for the next medium-term management plan and will be an important barometer for the issues we tackle down the road. While undertaking initia- tives and addressing other issues, we plan to com- plete the tasks of Change & Challenge 2018 in fiscal 2018 and formulate its successor.
Free cash flow Free cash flow (Medium-term management plan target)
Progress of Investment Plan and Cash Flow Plan
Operating cash flow
Investment cash flow (Billions of yen)
FY2018
FY2017 (Results)
FY2018
-1.2
(-2%) (-2%)
-0.9 -1%
 The total of free
cash flows (FY2016–FY2018) 100 is expected to double the medium-term management
(Billions of yen) 176.0 80
40
200
167.8
184.3
   50.9
126.8
 59.9
26.0
 51.9
12.0
  26.0
  00
 plan target
-100
-200
-116.9
FY2013 –FY2015 management plan (Results)
-74.8
FY2016 –FY2017 Total (Results)
-124.3
FY2016 –FY2018
Total (Forecast)
-40
FY2016 –FY2018 -80 (Medium-term
management
plan target)
-150.0
 4

  Our Next Medium-Term Management Plan
Positioning the Next Three Years Based on Long-Term Perspectives
We will formulate our next medium-term manage- ment plan with a view to its impact over a decade down the road. The reason for this is because it is unrealistic in process industries to expect to
be able to formulate plans, invest, and reap the rewards in just three years. We therefore look ahead a decade to tackle changing customer needs and reinforce existing businesses with a view to expanding our product and marketing areas and cultivating new businesses, determining our priorities in the first three years of that time- frame. By approaching our businesses from long time horizons, we seek to deliver profitable and sustainable growth as an enterprise that can keep producing value for customers.
Statement on Quality Check Improprieties Uncovered Earlier this Year
Improprieties in quality checks of some of the Group’s products came to light. We quickly estab- lished an investigative committee comprising attor- neys with no conflicts of interest and an outside director in response to this issue. The committee identified two main causes for the improprieties. The first was an inadequate awareness of the Company’s overall quality approach. The second was that the quality assurance system was vulner- able to improprieties. The committee presented recommendations on preventing such an issue from recurring.
The Group takes these incidents very seriously, and is deploying measures to prevent a recurrence while endeavoring to strengthen governance and its quality management structure.
Our Stance on Safety
Focusing on Safety
and Disaster
Prevention
Safety is fundamental to business activities, and we accordingly focus on occupational safety at our facilities and those of our business partners.
Our plants operate with equipment at high tem- peratures and pressures, including high-pressure gas facilities, and accidents could cause enormous damage to business sites and neighborhoods. We formulate measures in keeping with national gov- ernment guidelines to prevent industrial accidents.
Tackling Environmental Issues
Cutting Greenhouse Gases as Part of Contributions to a Better World
Overcoming environmental issues is an enduring management focus for the UBE Group, so we have long taken action in this regard. Under the current medium-term management plan, we have endeav- ored to lower greenhouse gas emissions. For example, we installed facilities to generate power from waste heat at the Kanda Cement Factory. We also adopted phenolic processes for cyclohexanone
   By approaching our businesses from long time horizons, we seek to deliver profitable and
sustainable growth as an enterprise that can keep producing value for customers.
      5

 manufacturing. Our efforts have extended to devel- oping and supplying environmentally friendly prod- ucts, a good example being weight-reducing mate- rials for automobiles. One factor in taking such action is that investments and operations that
do not help tackle environmental issues make no business sense.
We produce greenhouse gas emissions through our operations. We accordingly recognize the risks of global warming, formulate countermeasures, and will take the opportunity to generate new business growth by further developing and supplying envi- ronmentally friendly technologies and products.
We will help conserve the environment by increasing industrial waste recycling volumes and rates, thereby lowering final disposal.
Ensuring that We Pursue a Sustainable Growth Path
Fostering Our Human Resources
It is naturally essential to cultivate our human resources to underpin our pursuit of sustainable growth.
People change jobs infrequently in Japan, so properly hiring and fostering them is important and should be a particular focus for us domestically. On reflection, we have focused too much to date on training specialists. We look to offer people more opportunities to grow and fulfill their potential by exposing them to diverse business experiences. We wish to cultivate employees by motivating them and mobilizing their talents so they can become even more responsive to change and create new value.
At the same time, we will devote increasing attention to hiring and fostering local employees outside Japan. Overseas sales already account for more than 50% of consolidated chemicals business sales, and our foreign operations will inevitably expand.
Serving Our Stakeholders
Driving Corporate
Growth Based on
Coexistence and
Mutual Prosperity
In keeping with the spirit of coexistence and mutual prosperity, which is one of our business principles, we believe that continuing to create products and services that are valuable for our customers and sharing the benefits accrued from those endeavors with stakeholders are of the utmost importance to pursuing sustainable growth.
We have largely completed the foundations for the Group’s expansion, and are set to build new businesses on those underpinnings. It is vital for us to implement strategies based on long-term perspectives that empower us to reap the rewards of our efforts, and we greatly appreciate the long- term support and encouragement of our share- holders and other stakeholders in our endeavors.
August 2018
Yuzuru Yamamoto President and CEO
      While formulating countermeasures against the risks of global warming,
we will further develop and
supply environmentally friendly technologies and products.
 6
 
  Introduction and Management Message
Financial Strategy
Steadily Enhancing Our Financial Soundness and Efficiency
Fiscal 2017 saw the Company reach the financial objectives of its medium-term management plan a year ahead of schedule and enhance performance. Expanded price spreads for caprolactam and syn- thetic rubber factored into this progress. We have maintained financial discipline, increasing our capi- tal and lowering interest-bearing debt. We have also greatly increased our earnings, with the chem- icals business being a prime driver. In the year under review, we lifted our return on sales (ROS) from 5.7% to 7.2% as well as boosted our return on equity (ROE). We will continue striving to enhance our financial soundness and efficiency
Reaching Our ROE Targets
In the previous annual report, I stated that we look to reach our ROE target by improving our ROS. By increasing ROS and our capital as mentioned earlier, we attained ROE in fiscal 2017 of 10.5%, which is significantly higher than the 9.0% that
we targeted for fiscal 2018, the final year of our medium-term management plan. We are not rest- ing on our laurels, however, and recognize that we must work constantly to improve capital efficiency.
Making Our First Share Buyback
Providing stable and sustainable dividends is pivotal to our policy on shareholder returns. While balancing financial soundness and preparations for investing in the future, we seek to maintain a con- solidated total return ratio of more than 30%. In fiscal 2017, we changed the number of shares constituting one unit, consolidated shares, and increased dividends. We also implemented a share buyback for the first time in view of our financial soundness and earnings and cash flow levels.
Fiscal 2018 to Test Our Mettle
While we expect earnings to decline in fiscal 2018, after stripping out non-recurring factors from the previous year, we should actually improve our underlying performance. We will endeavor to capi- talize on the fruits of measures to date and reach our targets.
to increase corporate value.
Dividends per Share
60.8%
¥5 ¥5 ¥5 ¥5 ¥5 ¥5
Total Return Ratio
 29.1%
21.9%
2010 2011 2012 2013
2014 2015 2016
Note: The Company consolidated every 10 shares into one share, effective October 1, 2017.
UBE
(Yen)
4,000
3,000
2,000
1,000
0
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
TOPIX
(Yen)
2,400
1,800
1,200
600
0
27.7%
¥75
24.9%
2017 (FY)
        41.1%
36.1%
¥6
36.0%
        Note: The Company consolidated every 10 shares into one share, effective October 1, 2017. Stock prices are adjusted for consolidaton.
Working to steadily enhance our financial soundness
and efficiency and sustainably improve capital efficiency
Masayuki Fujii
Group CFO, General Manager of Corporate Planning & Administration Office
  7

 Introduction and Management Message
Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Highlights
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
650.5
2013
Operating Profit
(Billions of yen)
24.4 24.1
3.8
Operating Margin
695.5
2017 (FY)
301.65
(%)
 641.7 641.7
616.5
50.2
7.2
     41.4
6.5
2015
34.9
5.7
       Net Income per Share (Primary) *1
ROA *2
(Yen)
12.16
2013
Equity Capital *3
(Billions of yen)
241.7
2013
ROE
(%)
2014 2015 2016
2013 2014
2016 2017 (FY)
10.5 8.7
7.6
  263.3 266.5
286.5
40.4
2016
210.4 195.5
22.85
 18.06
7.2 5.8
 13.85
5.5
3.6
6.5
2015
216.6
0.81
2015
 315.3
Interest-Bearing Debt
(Billions of yen)
245.8 239.7
1.02
0.91
2013 2014
Debt/Equity Ratio
(Times)
3.8
5.5
  2014 2015 2016
2017 (FY)
Equity Ratio
(%)
2013 2014
2016 2017 (FY)
      34.5
 37.0
    2014
39.2
2015
42.4
2017 (FY)
0.73
0.62
2016 2017 (FY)
 Topics for Fiscal 2017
Notes: 1. The Company consolidated every 10 shares into one share, effective October 1, 2017.
2. ROA = (Operating profit + Interest and dividend income + Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method) / Average total assets 3. Equity capital = Net assets – Share subscription rights – Non-controlling interests
Decided to install waste heat power generation facilities at Isa Cement Factory in Mine, Yamaguchi Prefecture
Won Excellence Award at the Gubernatorial Alliance Summit in Tokushima for Youth Support to Revitalize Japan
Decided for the first time to buy back shares
Received Semiconductor of the Year 2017 Grand Prix Award for n-type organic semiconductor material for printed organic integrated circuits (ICs)
Celebrated the Company’s 120th anniversary Held a charity concert
Changed the number of shares constituting one unit from 1,000 shares to 100, and consolidated every 10 shares into one share
2017 April
May •CSR
•Cement & Construction Materials
    •IR June •R&D
•Corporate October •CSR
•IR
          8
3.8

Non-Financial Highlights
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Waste and By-Product Use Usage Amount per
(1,000t - CO2 e/y) 14,200
Waste and by-product used as raw materials
Waste used as alternative fuel
(1,000t/y)
Ton of Cement
(kg/t)
290
3,010
2017 (FY)
R&D Personnel
(People)
13.2
830
2017 (FY)
 12,200 12,500
12,100 12,100
2016 2017 (FY)
443 438 441 450
217 268 294 295
3,281 3,152 3,113 3,067
2013 2014 2015 2016
448
           2005 2014
Number of Certified Engineers
2015
Chemicals High-pressure gas manufacturing and maintenance managers Machinery Certified skilled professionals
Cement & Construction Materials Authorized concrete engineers,
R&D Expenses
(Billions of yen)
13.9 13.8 13.7
(Number of employees)
1,048
744
374
2014
Authorized chief concrete engineers
13.6
     1,092 1,107
1,095
842
418
2017 (FY)
326
2015 (FY)
905
866
  842
 848
  789
825
 386 393
2015 2016
2013 2014 2015 2016
  Number of Patent Applications (Parent Company)
Percentage of Female Managers* (Parent Company)
(Cases)
415
2011
(%)
393
2013
2.8
  378
  308
2012
1.4
1.5
2017 (FY)
   0.8
1.1
 2014
2013 2014
2015 2016
* Figures for Ube-Kohsan Central Hospital Corp. are not included from fiscal 2014.
 November
2018 January
February March
• Chemicals
• Pharmaceutical • CSR
• Chemicals
• Machinery
• Chemicals
• Chemicals
•Cement & Construction Materials
Completed caprolactam intermediate production method conversion at the Ube Chemical Factory
Filed for manufacturing and marketing approval of DE-117, a glaucoma and ocular hypertension drug candidate
Received Chairman’s Award from the Japan Industrial Health & Safety Association
Launched a Chinese electrolyte joint venture with Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation
UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd., decided to expand injection molding machine facility in Ann Arbor, Michigan
Completed upgrade at Spanish nylon plant and started production
Concluded 12-volt automotive lithium-ion battery (LiB) joint development agreement with Mazda Motor Corporation and ELIIY Power Co., Ltd.
UBE Material Industries, Ltd., decided to construct a factory in Thailand
               9

  Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
The UBE Group’s Business Model
The UBE Group has five business segments. We started out in coal mining in 1897. Since then, we have built superior cost competitiveness through our segments jointly using electric power facilities, ports and harbors, and other infrastructure and by leveraging the power of our people to cultivate cre- ative technologies and innovative manufacturing capabilities and provide diverse value to society. Our segments will con- tinue to collaborate to generate new value that contributes to sustainable social progress.
We aim to innovate even more by leveraging our time-honored creative technologies and innovative manufacturing capabilities.
Global Network
Major Production Sites
Grao de Castellon ● Spain
Europe 1
Asia Japan 25
Shanghai ● China Rayong ● Thailand
           Chemicals and Pharmaceutical Businesses
We have progressed over the years by drawing
on our roots in manufacturing fertilizer from coal to supply prod- ucts that match contemporary needs.
The broad lineup of the Chemicals Com- pany extends from nylon resin and synthetic
rubber to such advanced offerings as LiB materials, polyimide, and gas separation membranes, as well as
We will create new added value through collaboration between our businesses.
Cement & Construction Materials Business
Here, we progressed by focusing on the cement and
resources business by drawing on the Ube area’s abundant reserves of coal and on limestone from Ube’s sur-
We are transferring the technologies and expertise we cultivated in the Ube district to business sites around the world.
Machinery Business
We started out with coal mining machinery and
refined our production technol- ogies by manufacturing essential
machinery for the cement and chemi- cals businesses. We are highly regarded for the injection molding machines and die-
casting machines that we supply to automobile manufacturers around the world, as well
as such other offerings as transporta- tion machinery, crusher equipment,
and bridges. Advanced proprie- tary technologies underpin
our high reliability.
Electricity
       The Pharma- ceutical Division harnesses organic
synthesis technology to undertake drug discovery, contract
pharmaceuticals, and generics businesses.
environmentally friendly fine
chemicals.
  rounding areas. We are endeavoring to maxi- mize profitability by drawing on comprehensive
strengths with Group companies in such areas as manufacturing ready-mixed concrete, transporting
cement, and sales. We have developed numer- ous building materials products that draw
on our chemicals business knowledge. The Cement & Construction Materi-
als Company underpins social infrastructure and lifestyles.
Electricity, thermal energy, coal, and limestone
Energy & Environment Business
     Electricity, thermal energy, and coke
     10
This business constitutes our infrastructure in the Ube area and is a source of growth for each of our companies.
As well as selling coal outside, we engage in power wholesaling. We are endeavoring to reduce our environmental footprint through solar power, biomass, and other energy sources.

     Target Business Domains
Chemicals
Pharmaceutical
Cement & Construction Materials Machinery
●●
●●
  Michigan ● U.S.A. Americas
1
Calblock®
Antihypertensive agent
Healthcare
Food, pharmaceuticals, and sophisticated lifestyles
Effient®
Platelet inhibitor
●
Talion®
Anti-allergy agent
●
Polywrap
Safe and secure additive-free food wrap
●
Synthetic Rubber (BR)
Group production capacity: Ranking fifth worldwide
                  Ammonia
Group production capacity: Ranking first in Japan
Caprolactam
Supplying top-quality, highly competitive nylon raw materials
●
Nylon 6
            One of the world’s top manufacturers
●
Gas Separation Membranes
Japan’s sole gas separation membrane manufacturer
Mobility
Automobiles, railways, and aviation
Environment and Energy
Conserving resources and energy, and recycling
                                            ●●
Injection Molding Machines
A top reputation in the global market among automobile
manufacturers and other companies
Polyimide Film
70% share of the market for chip-on-films for LCD television panels
●
                                         ●
Separators
10% share of the global market
●
Polycarbonate diol (PCD), polyurethane dispersion (PUD) No. 1 share in the PCD market
Construction and Infrastructure
Infrastructure, living environments, and smart cities
Ready-Mixed Concrete
Our key strength is a nationwide network of ready-mixed concrete plants
        11

  Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
The UBE Group’s Value Creation Process
 Changes in operating climate
Global warming and other environmental issues:
Toward a sustainable economy
Population growth in emerging nations, expansion of middle class, and urbanization: Food, water, resources, infrastructure, and energy shortages
Aging populations in developed nations
Switch to shale gas and other energy sources
Diversifying work practices
The UBE Group builds new value by leveraging its technologi- cal and manufacturing capabilities in response to changes in the operating climate and the resulting social issues. We aim to contribute to sustainable growth by resolving these issues.
 FY2017
Capital components of enterprise value
  Risks and
Opportunities
See pages 28-35, 58, and 59 for details.
Proprietary technologies and manufacturing clout
Research Raw materials and procurement development
   Financial Capital
Underpinning enterprise value with a sound financial position
Equity Capital ¥286.5 billion*
See page 7 for details. *As of April 1, 2017
    Manufacturing Capital
Infrastructure, businesses, human resources, and expertise concentrated in the Ube area
5 sites in Japan
4 sites overseas
See pages 14 and 15 for details.
   Human Capital
Respecting diverse people and values
See pages 18,19, 44, and 45 for details.
    Intellectual Capital
Broad technological foundations
R&D Expenses ¥13.2 billion
See pages 16 and 17 for details.
See pages 26, 27, 56, and 57 for details.
Performance
    Social and Natural Capital
Prizing ties with stakeholders
Products and technologies that contribute to the environment
See pages 20, 21, 28-35, 46, and 47 for details.
  Materiality
See pages 22-24 The UBE Group’s for details. Business Principles
                  12
  Bedrock of value creation      
  
 Strategy and Resource Allocation
Medium-Term Management Plan “Change & Challenge 2018” See page 25 for details.
Production Product and solutions
provision and quality assurance
FY2017
Impact on capital components of enterprise value
       Products and Solutions
See pages 28-35 for details.
Profit before income taxes
¥45.0 billion
Free cash flow ¥39.4 billion
 ROE 10.5%
Number of people who are newly qualified* that underpin front-line capabilities 114
* High-pressure gas manufacturing
and maintenance managers (Chemicals)
Authorized concrete engineers, Authorized chief concrete engineers (Cement & Construction Materials)
Certified skilled professionals (Machinery)
  Number of patent applications
*FY2015
326*
 Percentage of total sales derived from eco businesses
27%
     Corporate Governance, CSR (ESG)
See pages 36-55 for details.
   “Coexistence and Mutual Prosperity” “From Finite Mining to Infinite Industry”
Savings from resource reuse and energy conservation
¥6.3 billion
                         Value provided to society
Global warming countermeasures: Environmentally friendly products and solutions (including LiBs and environmentally friendly tires)
Environmental contributions:
Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) initiatives
    Contributions to more
compact, lighter, and
more durable products
(such as from replacing metals with
nylon and other resins and concrete pavement)
Addressing healthcare
and food issues:
Contributing to health,
food hygiene, and food production (such as in
terms of pharmaceuticals, food packaging films, and fertilizers)
Contributing to a recycling-oriented society: Pushing forward with resource cycles (including for raw materials for cement)
Contributing to regional communities:
Creating jobs, paying taxes, and engaging in regional development
                  Capital reinjections into new value creation
      13

    Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Key Elements of the UBE Group’s Value Creation: Manufacturing and Natural Capital
Concentrating Production Facilities and Infrastructure in Ube
Ube City in Yamaguchi Prefecture is the manufacturing heartland of the UBE Group. It is here that we started out, and we benefit from its position as a hub for everything from coal storage facilities to chemicals, pharmaceuticals, cement, and machinery factories to electric power plants and research laboratories.
Benefits of business concentration
• Competitive edge and lower environmental impact from sharing infrastructure
• Collaboration between segments
• An ideal location whose features include ample water resources and a harbor that can accommodate large vessels
Key Facilities in the Ube Area Note: The colored dots show the relationship between segments and the surrounding area.
A mother factory and diverse
other operations located
in Ube play vital roles as sources of technology, know-how, and human resources for UBE Group companies everywhere.
         Chemicals
Pharmaceutical
Cement & Construction Materials Machinery
Energy & Environment
Kosan-Ohashi Highway Bridge
West Okinoyama Limestone Center
Limestone storage and shipping base
Road for the exclusive use of the UBE Group
Linking Isa and Ube, the longest private road in Japan
●
UBE Material Industries, Ltd. (Plant 2)
Manufacture and sales of magnesium hydroxide slurry, etc.
    ●●●
Okinoyama Coal Center (Coal Storage Base 1) Import and sales of coal inside and outside Japan
●●●
                       14
Okinoyama Coal Center (Coal Storage Base 2)
● ● ●
UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd.
● ● ●
Okinoyama Limestone Center
Limestone storage and shipping base

        Spain
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal (UCE)
Manufacture and sales of caprolactam, ammonium sulfate, nylon, and fine chemical products
          Our Thai, Spanish, and other production operations overseas have deployed manufacturing technologies, know-how, and human resources cultivated
in Ube in delivering high-quality
products to the world.
Thailand
UBE Chemicals (Asia) Public Company Limited (UCHA) THAI SYNTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED UBE Fine Chemicals (Asia) Co., Ltd.
Manufacture and sales of caprolactam, ammonium sulfate, nylon, synthetic rubber, and fine chemical products
            US Power Co., Ltd.
Megasolar power plant
Shipping facility
for Ube Cement Factory
●●●● ●●●●
Ube Cement Factory Ube Chemical Factory (East)
● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
UBE Material Industries, Ltd. (Plant 1)
Manufacture and sales of magnesia clinker, etc.
● ● ●
UBE-Fujimagari Factory
(UBE Ammonia Industry, Ltd.) Manufacture and sales of ammonia and industrial gases
●●●●
Coal-fired power plant
Meiwa Plastic Industries, Ltd.
Manufacture and sales of phenolic resins and others
UBE Steel Co., Ltd.
Manufacture and sales of casting products, etc. ●
Corporate Research & Development Research and other activities centered
    ●
  UBE-MC Hydrogen Peroxide Limited
Manufacture and sales of hydrogen peroxide
 ●
  Ube Chemical Factory (West)
Manufacture of nylon and
caprolactam, specialty
products, etc.
●●●● ●●●●
   on chemical and pharmaceutical products
                                                    Supplier of power to the entire UBE Group
in the Ube region and IPP business
(Pharmaceutical factory: Manufacture of pharmaceuticals) ●●●
Ube Head Office
15

      Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Key Elements of the UBE Group’s Value Creation: R&D and Intellectual Capital
Pushing Forward with Strategic
R&D and Intellectual Property
Initiatives to Build Tomorrow’s Businesses
The Corporate Research & Development Division is leading work in basic and advanced technologies. In-house companies and divisions handle existing product technologies. Our basic technology strengths encompass organic, inorganic, polymer chemistry, processing, and mass production fields. In advanced technol- ogies, we leverage higher-order structural control, functional design, and evalua- tion technologies to generate new businesses. We pursue strategic intellectual property initiatives that are vital to corporate growth and strive to avoid infringing on the intellectual property of others.
      R&D
Our Strengths
As mentioned earlier, the UBE Group operates in
a wide range of fields, supplying bulk products as well as such high-value-added offerings as active pharmaceutical ingredients. Our R&D competitive advantages are the technologies cultivated in diverse businesses and our numerous sources of informa- tion. We pursue R&D that uniquely fuses findings in a range of business fields. For example, we develop construction infrastructure repair materials that employ organic materials. We also create and calibrate lightweight resins for injection molding machines.
Positioning and Strategies
Our fundamental R&D policy is to enhance cus- tomer value over the short, medium, and long terms by driving manufacturing technology advances in existing businesses and expanding in peripheral fields and beyond while building businesses across industries and in new domains. We are reinforcing
Morihisa Yokota
General Manager of
Corporate Research & Development,
with responsibility for Intellectual Property Dept.
collaboration in research, development, production, and marketing while concentrating work in existing business areas at in-house companies and divisions to align goals while clarifying responsibilities and accelerating R&D progress. At the same time, the Corporate Research & Development Division special- izes in R&D to generate new businesses. In the pro- cess, we compensate for limited internal resources by drawing on external resources, engaging exten- sively in open innovation through industry, govern- ment, and academia partnerships, and undertaking long-term research through national projects.
Key Focuses of Four Business Domains
Here, we present the R&D focuses of four business domains we have targeted under our medium-term management plan.
• Mobility: Automotive weight-reduction components and materials
We are exploring innovative materials that are cheaper than carbon fiber–reinforced plastics.
                16
   
      Business Domains
Mobility
Environment and energy
Construction and infrastructure
Healthcare
Developing Businesses
New battery materials (LTO)
• Concrete study to increase scale of facilities
CMC for next-generation jet engines (Tyranno Fiber®)
• Establish framework for mass production, develop high-performance fibers for aircraft engines
Strontium carbonate nanoparticles for optical films
• Aim for rapid market introduction through function verification and customer assessment
Environmental, renovation, and new concrete materials
• Develop heavy metal immobilizer, neutral solidification
material, and other materials
New Businesses
Automotive weight-reducing materials and components • Develop composites
Heat management-related components and materials
• Develop high-performance insulating
materials
Advanced renovation systems
• Develop materials and construction methods that prevent peeling and have waterproof coatings
      Development of new cell culturing technology using polyimide porous membrane
• Rapid commercialization of bioreactor components and materials for manufacturing of biomedicines (establish and accelerate the project organization)
• Develop components and materials for next-generation healthcare appli- cations, leveraging the functionality of polyimide porous membrane
 We are selecting materials that are suitable for injection molding machines with a view to mass production.
• Environment and energy: New insulation materials
We look to develop materials that perform better than existing commercial offerings and deliver a smaller carbon footprint. We are also evaluating such eco-friendly raw materials as inorganic
and biomass.
• Construction and infrastructure: Advanced renovation systems
We are developing transparent anti-peeling
and waterproof coating materials that enhance appearance and can be applied to site construc- tion methods.
• Healthcare: Bioreactor components and materials
We are developing new cell culturing technology that draws on the functionality of our proprietary polyimide porous membrane in efforts to swiftly commercialize bioreactor components and materials.
Intellectual Property (IP)
Ube Industries’ initiatives to reinforce and optimally leverage IP aim to enable us to create new busi- nesses and bolster competitiveness, thereby helping to build and expand enterprise value.
We seek to maximize our enterprise and IP value by formulating IP strategies according to our business strategies and by implementing the plan–do–check–act (PDCA) cycle of IP strategy activities. Furthermore, to strengthen IP research and analysis capabilities, we are working to improve operational efficiency, including in R&D departments, by utilizing tools with artificial intelli- gence (AI) functions and to utilize IP portfolios Note 1 and open/close strategies Note 2 while promoting IP activities that contribute to business revenue. At
the same time, we are promoting global IP man- agement as the UBE Group, and are advancing the sharing of activity policies and IP information with Group companies in Japan and overseas.
Note 1: IP portfolios
Patents, copyrights, know-how, and other intellectual property that corporations can use to formulate strategies and assess competitiveness
Note 2: Open/close strategies
Management strategies that give companies competitive edges by making intellectual property open or closed
   Number of Newly Registered Patents
Number of Patents Held
(Cases)
1,774
443
2012
1,945
474
2013
2,013
397
2,276
312
(Cases)
2,430
253
2016 (FY)
      2014 2015
       17

     Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Key Elements of the UBE Group’s Value Creation: Human Capital
The Expertise and Enthusiasm of Our Diverse People
Are Our Greatest Asset
The UBE Group considers its people pivotal in driving business growth. They are also the Group’s greatest strength. Because our people are the key to delivering sustainable growth, we focus on cultivating them so they share a common com- mitment to maintaining outstanding expertise, are self-directed, and fearlessly
   left:
Charunya Phichitkul
Director
(Former Chairman and CEO)
right:
Hisashi Ueda
Executive Vice President
Thailand
UBE Chemicals (Asia) Public Company Limited (UCHA)
Charunya Phichitkul
Director (Former Chairman and CEO)
The vision of the Asia Operational Unit Note is to focus on operational excellence and innovative technology. In managing our human resources, we treasure teamwork, strengthening our competitiveness,
and fostering a highly productive corporate culture.
Our people are our most important asset, and we connect with them based on trust. Our family atmosphere is a key aspect of the corporate cul- ture that unites our people and underpins the strong teamwork that drives our improvement and cost reduction initiatives.
One of our management strengths is that we can obtain production, technical, and sales sup- port from Japan to keep enhancing our cost competitiveness and differentiate our products.
At the same time, we recognize that differences
in the perspectives of Thai and Japanese people about such things as employment, motivation, work–life balance, and lifetime employment present some challenges.
We want to expand the exchange of people in the technology and sales fields with those in such countries as Japan and Spain. I also think that exec- utive positions in Japan should be open to foreign nationals. Offering solid global career paths will help us to recruit and develop more talented people.
Hisashi Ueda
Executive Vice President
I oversee sales and marketing for nylon products and caprolactam, which is the raw material of Nylon 6. We sell these products not only in Southeast Asia but also Japan, elsewhere in Asia, and in North, Central, and South America. Another important role is to liaise with manufacturing and quality assurance units.
I really sense the dynamism that comes from operations that we maintain in the growth market that is Southeast Asia.
The languages, cultures, and business practices here differ from what we are used to in Japan, so there are many things to learn each day. I find it exciting to be involved in investment projects and other management matters, something I don’t get many opportunities to do in Japan.
Note: See the note on page 47 for the names of Asia Operational Unit companies.
     18

      pursue the challenges of change.
It is becoming increasingly important in developing human resources to embrace
diversity and broaden perspectives as well as create environments that accept dif- ferent work practices, thereby enabling our people to generate value. Non-Japanese executives head the Group’s overseas production units, where employees come from diverse cultural backgrounds. Differences in attitudes and languages foster
the exchange of ideas among employees and drive the creation of new value.
   Spain
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal (UCE)
Bruno de Bièvre
President
We encourage our managers to view problems as opportunities, take leadership in organizing a team, and make proper use of the company’s resources to address issues.
We foster a culture of honesty, respect, and openness to innovation, and promote hardwork, companionship, and shared passion for progress.
In management, difference of language remains a barrier to agile and good communication with UBE’s Headquarters in Japan. Cultures are differ- ent, yes, but once that is truly understood then
this can become an important asset for the UBE Group. Cultural diversity helps us to better under- stand a variety of customers, and to take the proper actions.
UBE’s competitive advantage is based on the continuous development of know-how. As such, we have increased training and coaching, and established our own in-house know-how institute.
The Global Business Leadership Program is
a successful initiative that is preparing our middle management to become UBE’s leaders in a world of increasing complexity.
Juan Salvador Martí
Senior Manager, Project Engineering
I am responsible for the projects of UCE’s Techni- cal Area. My role is to carry out projects on time and on budget without compromising safety, regu- lations, and in-house standards. UCE’s people contribute much to reaching our goals.
Our work delivers tangible and enduring results by and for everyone. I am proud that our achieve- ments symbolize the future of UCE.
I dream of contributing to social and environ- mental progress to benefit our families and genera- tions to come. I am convinced that we will reach our objectives through the cooperation of all our people.
  left:
Bruno de Bièvre President
right:
Juan Salvador Martí Senior Manager Project Engineering
   19

                                   Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Key Elements of the UBE Group’s Value Creation: Social Capital
Engaging with Stakeholders to Realize Sustainable Growth
In line with its commitment to coexistence and mutual prosperity, a key business principle, the UBE Group endeavors to build trust with stakeholders and fulfill
its social responsibilities worldwide.
Stakeholder Engagement
The UBE Group endeavors to engage as follows with its five key stakeholders.
    Stakeholders Customers
Suppliers Employees
Local communities and governments
Shareholders
Ube’s Mission
Provide safe, high-quality products and services that are useful to society at fair prices and swiftly react to customer needs
Engage in fair, honest transactions
Provide fair pay and stable employment, develop human resources, share information and tasks, and support improvement in quality of life
Provide stable, fair employment, pay taxes appropriately, and engage in dialogue with local communities and society
Continuously raise corporate value, provide timely, appropriate information disclosure, and maintain shareholder returns through stable, appropriate dividends and share buybacks
Main Means of Engagement
Communication through sales activities and providing information by various means (including the UBE Group’s website and product catalogs)
Communication through purchasing activities
Corporate briefings, the Central Labor-Management Conference, training, reporting and counseling systems, internal publications, and the Company intranet
Regional dialogue meetings, the local newsletter “Tsubasa,” charity concerts, and collaboration with academia
IR activities (results briefings, investor briefings, facility tours, etc.), the General Meeting of Shareholders, and providing information by various means (the UBE Group’s website, the Integrated Report, and the UBE Business Report)
                                   20

         Stakeholder Engagement Success Story
Contributing to Regional Progress through Research Collaboration with Yamaguchi University
An Academic’s Perspectives on Ube Industries’ Corporate Citizenship in Action
Ube Industries and Yamaguchi University have undertaken 263 joint research projects since con- cluding a comprehensive cooperative agreement
in April 2004. Collaboration has extended beyond contributing to business development to encom- pass academic presentations and papers and patent applications, as well as improvements in research and education at the university and note- worthy contributions to regional progress. I am truly grateful for what this relationship has achieved.
Key Benefits of Collaboration with Ube Industries
Ube Industries and the university are in close prox- imity. This has proven very useful in enhancing com- munication and bearing fruit, as we frequently visit their facilities and meet for collaborative research. University researchers are generally poor at assess- ing the value of their work from business and com- mercialization perspectives, so collaboration is useful for helping to transform ideas into reality.
Joint Research Now and Tomorrow
Yamaguchi University set up its Research Center
for Advanced Science and Innovation in 2015. Researchers from Ube Industries serve as profes- sors at this facility, and have done much to revitalize its operations. In recent times, there has been greater collaboration between the Company and the mechanical, electrical, and information technology (IT) experts of the university’s Faculty of Engineering to resolve technological issues at production sites.
Yamaguchi University supports the creation of cross-faculty research entities to bolster its organiza- tional capabilities. Our goal is to undertake joint research that has a great social impact. We look forward to making progress in the area of battery research through an entity that the university will
set up during 2018.
Professor Kenji Hori
Trustee and Vice-President for Academic Research Yamaguchi University
Professor Hori specializes in organic quantum chemistry, and is researching the development of synthetic routes that combine computational chemistry and cheminformatics. Since his appointment in fiscal 2016 as Vice-President, his roles have been primarily to oversee industry–academia collaboration and foster research.
Academic Profile
2000 Professor at Yamaguchi University Faculty of Engineering
2006 Professor at Yamaguchi University Graduate School of
Science and Engineering
2007 Deputy Head of Yamaguchi University Industry and
University Cooperation and Startup Support Organization
2009 Deputy Head of Yamaguchi University Industry and University Cooperation and Innovation Organization
2010 Dean of Yamaguchi University Faculty of Engineering
2012 Director of Yamaguchi University Graduate School of
Science and Engineering
2014 Assistant to President of Yamaguchi University
2016 Yamaguchi University Trustee and Vice-President and
     Director of Organization for Research Initiatives
21

  Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Materiality
Addressing Global Warming
  We aim to tackle environmental issues and enhance corporate value by cutting greenhouse gas emissions while expanding businesses
that contribute to the environment.
     The Paris Agreement was a historic step toward reduc- ing greenhouse gas emissions, creating a global framework to effectively eliminate all carbon
dioxide (CO2) emissions by the end of this
           UBE Group Issues
century.
The UBE Group has continued to roll
out measures to cut greenhouse gas emissions from its energy usage. We have steadily lowered such emissions since 1990.
Ube Industries is the sixth largest emitter of these emis- sions in Japan, so cutting them is a major challenge. One objective of our medium-term management plan is to address environmental issues while raising corporate value by reducing greenhouse gas emissions and expanding our environmental businesses.
Cutting greenhouse gas emissions is a major challenge for us as a company generating such emissions.
UBE Group’s responses
Medium-term management plan
    22

   Toward a Low-Carbon Business Structure
The coal-based business model that we employed in our early days gave us cost and geographical advan- tages. Global trends of coal usage now pose significant risks for our business. At the same time, we rec- ognize this as an opportunity to generate new business growth, and thereby consider it vital to transform into a low-carbon business structure. We will address this by setting new targets for 2030 and beyond.
            Address global environmental issues while raising corporate value, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and expanding environmental businesses
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
(1,000t - CO2e/y)
FY2005
14,200 FY2017
12,100
Cutting CO2 emissions by changing production processes
We are striving to conserve energy and cut CO2 emissions in several ways. For example, we are deploying waste heat power generation facilities at cement plants and are also expanding the use of thermal energy waste alternatives at cement plants. We are also switching to a selective phenol hydro- genation process to manufacture cyclohexanone.
Switching to waste heat power generation and a selective phenol hydrogenation process to manufacture cyclohexanone in our drive to cut CO2 emissions by approximately
220,000 metric tons
Developing products that contribute to the envi- ronment
For example, our LiB electrolytes and separators have contributed greatly to the growth of electric vehicles (EVs) in recent years. We place a high priority on developing more environmentally-friendly technolo- gies and products in the years ahead.
Fiscal 2017 sales of environmentally-friendly products totaled roughly ¥188.0 billion
Addressing climate change through R&D
Through the Company’s R&D activities, we are participating in the New Energy and Industrial Tech- nology Development Organization (NEDO)’s project for chemicals manufacturing processes based on inedible vegetable oils and in the Japanese Cabinet Office’s Cross-ministerial Strategic Innovation Promotion Program for energy carriers. We are developing chemical products incorporating wood biomass. We are also tackling climate change by participating in industry–academia–government initiatives to develop direct combustion (co- and mixed-firing) technologies that harness ammonia
as fuel.
                 23
  
 Materiality for the UBE Group
 Materiality Overview
In light of significant global trends, the UBE Group’s more than 120-year history, and the current business environment, the Group has identified materiality issues that will shape its ability to grow sustainably, as follows.
Item
Society
New business creation
Special Feature
Materiality
Enhancing the power of our people
Strengthening research and development
Explanation of Progress with Initiatives
People are central to the UBE Group’s growth over the medium and long terms. We consider it essential to enhance the capabilities of our people through recruitment, development, and experience. Please see pages 18, 19, 44, and 45 for details.
Creating new businesses is vital for the UBE Group to grow sustainably. Research and development is the foundation of such efforts. Please see pages 16 and 17 for details.
  Environment
  Governance
Global warming measures
Strengthening internal controls
As a business that generates a considerable amount of greenhouse gases, we undertake measures to combat global warming. Such measures are a focus of attention around the world. Please see pages 22, 23, and 51 for details.
See the following special feature on reinforcing such controls relating to quality.
  Strengthening Internal Controls in Light of Inappropriate Quality Inspection Practices
On February 21, 2018, the Company set up a committee comprising attorneys with no conflicts of inter- est and an outside director to investigate improprieties in the quality checks of low-density polyethylene. The committee expanded the scope of its probe to include Group companies. It also explored causes of the misconduct and assessed the suitability of measures to prevent a recurrence of this issue.
On June 7, the Company received and announced the committee’s report, as well as its recurrence prevention measures. The Group takes these incidents very seriously, and is deploying measures to pre- vent a recurrence while endeavoring to strengthen governance and its quality management structure.
Measures to Prevent Recurrences
1. The Board of Directors will strengthen quality-related governance
2. Management will articulate its emphasis on quality and lead efforts to change the corporate culture
3. Change the corporate culture by instilling an awareness of quality among all Group employees and by
ensuring that they make decisions from customer perspectives
4. Strengthen controls relating to Group quality assurance and reinforce cooperation between related
departments
5. Strengthen the quality-related infrastructure
Please visit the UBE Group’s website for more details on the report and recurrence prevention measures:
http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/news/2018/index.html
  Sustainable Development Goals
More than 150 world leaders adopted the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Devel- opment at the United Nations Sustainable Development Summit in New York in September 2015. The agenda includes 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and 169 targets.
24

 Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Medium-Term Management Plan
“Change & Challenge 2018” Medium-Term Management Plan
 What We Want to Become in 10 Years (around 2025)
“An enterprise that continues to create value for customers”
 Basic Policies
Numerical Targets of Fiscal 2018
Strengthen the business foundation to enable sustainable growth
Address and be part of the solution for resource, energy, and global environmental issues
 Developing Fields
Platform Businesses
641.7
0%
26%
23%
FY2015 (Results)
3%4% -4%4%
■ Active Growth Businesses: Market expansion is expected and UBE will pursue further growth in its fields of strength.
■ Platform Businesses: UBE will aim to maintain and expand stable income.
■ Restructuring Businesses: UBE will revamp the business models and undertake business restructuring.
Key Figures
Operating profit ¥50.0 billion Ordinary profit ¥49.0 billion
Key Indicators
Return on sales (ROS) more than 6.5% Return on equity (ROE) more than 9.0%
 Business Portfolio Segmentation
Target business domains: Environment and energy, mobility, construction and infrastructure, healthcare
Cement & Energy & Chemicals and Pharmaceutical Construction Materials Machinery Environment
●●●●●
  New battery materials, specialty inorganic materials (phosphor, optical materials, etc.), biomass fuel, aeronautical fields (Tyranno Fiber®), environmental materials (neutral solidification material, heavy metal immobilizer, etc.), biomaterials
 Active Growth Businesses
Restructuring Businesses
Net Sales
(Billions of yen) 750.0
Nylon, synthetic rubber, separators, high-performance coatings, pharmaceuticals
Polyimide, electrolytes
Fine materials (MOS-HIGE, etc.)
50.0 ■ 37%
Machinery servicing
Developing Fields: UBE will promote growth in these fields to turn them into future sources of income.
 Caprolactam and industrial chemicals, fine chemicals, separation membranes, ceramics
Cement and ready-mixed concrete, calcia and magnesia, recycling
Molding machinery, industrial machinery, steel products
Coal, power
  1%
Operating Profit
(Billions of yen)
41.4
39%
    74%
69%
67%
60%
 FY2018 FY2015 (Target) (Results)
FY2018 (Target)
-2%
-1%
  External Evaluations
MS-SRI (Morningstar Socially Certified as an Excellent Enterprise of Health Responsible Investment Index) and Productivity Management—White 500 As of June 30, 2018
 Note: The Excellent Enterprises of Health and Productivity Management—White 500 program was created by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and certified by Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
25

  Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Overview
Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
641.7
616.5
695.5
   266.7
Chemicals 305.4
Pharmaceutical 10.2
Cement & Construction Materials 238.8
Machinery 90.1
  9.2
10.9
237.3
73.4
71.6
69.0 59.7
Operating Profit 50.2 (Billions of yen)
41.4
             16.7 -30.9
12.5 -23.9
Energy &
Environment
71.3 3.8 Other 4.7 1.1
Elimination & -1.2 Corporate -25.2
3.6
2.8
0.7 -0.7
258.3
227.2
12.0
1.1
34.9
9.6
2.4
Chemicals 28.9
Pharmaceutical 2.1
Cement & Construction Materials 12.3
Machinery 5.5
Energy & Environment 2.3 Other 0.8
Elimination & Corporate –1.9
19.8
16.2
4.6
  26
2015
2016
2017 (FY)
2015
2016
2017 (FY)

 Raw materials and fuel prices rose overall during the year under review. High coal prices particularly affected the operations of the Cement & Construction Materials Company. On the upside, the UBE Group increased revenues and earnings against the backdrop of several key factors. These included improved conditions in the chemical products market amid strong demand and expanded sales of functional chemicals products. Another driver was that Chemicals Company results improved greatly in the absence of regular repairs at domestic ammonia products plants. Consolidated ordinary profit and profit attributable to owners of parent were record highs.
• Chemicals
Revenues and earnings up
Fiscal Year
Sales Operating Profit
• Cement & Construction Materials Revenues up and earnings down
Billions of yen
Billions of yen 2015 2016
Change from FY2016 18.2%
200.0%
Fiscal Year
Sales Operating Profit
2015 2016 2017 237.3 227.2 238.8 19.8 16.2 12.3
Change from FY2016 5.1%
-24.1%
  2017 266.7 258.3 305.4 12.0 9.6 28.9
      Nylon, Caprolactam, and Industrial Chemicals
• Nylon sales were up on price hikes in response to increased lactam costs, as well as because of generally solid shipments, particularly for food packaging films.
• Caprolactam sales increased, as more stringent environmental legislation in China resulted in tighter supplies and drove prices higher.
• Sales of industrial chemicals rose in the absence of regular ammonia products plant repairs in Japan and as a result of production and shipment gains amid solid demand.
Synthetic Rubber
• Synthetic rubber sales climbed amid prices increases in response to higher butadiene costs and generally solid shipments, particularly of products for the domestic tire market.
Battery Materials and Fine Chemicals
• Battery materials sales were up on greater sales volumes owing to expanded demand, primarily for automotive applications.
• Sales of fine chemicals grew amid generally higher volumes.
Polyimide and Specialty Products
• Polyimide sales increased on the strength of growth in film volumes, mainly for circuit boards.
• Sales of cement and ready-mixed concrete rose despite basically unchanged domestic demand, reflecting favorable sales of ready-mixed concrete. On the downside, higher coal costs hampered profitability.
• Price revisions drove higher sales of calcia, magnesia, and construction materials.
• Machinery
Revenues and earnings up
 Fiscal Year
Sales Operating Profit
Billions of yen 2015 2016 2017 73.4 71.6 90.1
4.6 3.6 5.5
Change from FY2016 25.8% 50.1%
   • Sales of molding and industrial machines increased on solid demand and contributions from a subsidiary that we consolidated in January 2017.
• Higher billet steel scrap costs drove billet prices up, causing steel products sales to rise.
• Energy & Environment Revenues up and earnings down Billions of yen
 Fiscal Year
Sales Operating Profit
2015 2016 2017 Change from FY2016 69.0 59.7 71.3 19.4%
3.8 2.8 2.3 -17.7%
   • Pharmaceutical
Revenues and earnings down
• Coal business sales were up, reflecting expanded volumes and transactions growth at our coal center, a storage and distribution facility. Another factor was favorable coal market conditions, which supported higher prices.
• Although we supplied roughly the same amount of electricity as the previous year, power sales increased on favorable coal market conditions. During the year, we conducted biennial repairs of our independent power producer (IPP) facility.
 Fiscal Year
Sales Operating Profit
Billions of yen 2015 2016 2017 9.2 10.9 10.2 1.1 2.4 2.1
Change from FY2016 -6.9%
-15.6%
   • Although volumes of in-house and contract phar- maceuticals were basically unchanged, segment sales declined owing to a decrease in royalty income.
27

     Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Business Strategies of Chemicals
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Generate at least ¥20 billion in operating profit.
• Spend management resources on expanding nylon, synthetic rubber, LIB separator, and high-performance coating businesses.
• Create unique value by integrating diverse materials and technologies.
• Strengthen and develop global marketing capabilities.
• Quickly materialize development themes through seamless cooperation among research, development, technology, production, and business.
Synthetic rubber
        Principal Products and Businesses
• Leverage information and communication technology (ICT) and cultivate human resources to solidify business underpinnings.
Strengths
• Our broad lineup extends from our core nylon and caprolactam product chain to specialty and fine products.
• We integrate diverse materials and technolo- gies to supply differentiated products and services worldwide.
• We have the technology and manufacturing know-how to meet sophisticated customer needs as a trusted joint development partner.
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2018
We aim to achieve or exceed ¥20 billion in operat- ing profit, which is the final year’s target of our three-year medium-term management plan.
Our strategy for the medium and long terms is to shift from commodity products that are vulnera- ble to market fluctuations to unique and added- value products, as well as products and services that provide customer solutions. We would thereby strengthen profitability and transform the business structure into one that can deliver steady growth even in business climate changes.
While the caprolactam market conditions should remain favorable in the near term owing to such factors as Chinese environmental regulations and raw materials shortages, we expect profit
 Synthetic rubber
Nylon and lactam chain
Battery materials and fine chemicals
Polyimide and specialty products
Opportunities
• Nylon resin
• Caprolactam
• Industrial chemicals
• Battery materials (Electrolytes and separators)
• Fine chemicals
• High-purity chemicals
• Polyimide
• Ceramics
• Separation membranes
• Tyranno Fiber®
• Telecommunications devices
     • Large-scale investments in fiscal 2017 should contribute to earnings growth.
• Sales are projected to rise for specialty prod- ucts, battery materials, and fine chemicals, with market conditions remaining favorable.
• In view of buoyant demand for LiB separators, we aim to significantly boost production and earnings of both raw films and coated films.
Challenges
• Improve quality assurance system and strengthen risk management and internal controls.
• Respond to strong demand by stabilizing production and minimizing avoidable losses.
 小池さん 1行 減りました
  Harvest from past investments
and seed for future growth
Masato Izumihara
Company President, Chemicals Company
 28

                    Separators (LiB material)
Caprolactam
PCD, PUD
Polyolefin multilayer film
Ammonium sulfate
               Polyimide film
                margins to narrow due to continuous capacity expansions in China.
Due to regular shutdown maintenance at the Fujimagari Factory of ammonia, we expect manu- facturing costs to rise because of higher mainte- nance expenses. Nonetheless, we seek to exceed the medium-term management plan’s target oper- ating profit through contributions from new facilities, increasing operation rates for existing facilities, and boosting sales volumes.
Particularly, we will harvest from major past investments for new nylon plants in Spain, for new LiB separator plants in Japan, for cyclohexanone production by phenolic processes, and for expan- sion of large-crystal ammonium sulfate production. For existing facilities such as for polyimide and gas separation membranes, we seek to expand sales by utilizing available capacities.
Active Growth Businesses
As for the synthetic rubber business, we plan to strengthen collaboration among manufacturing units in Thailand, Malaysia, and China. At the same time, we will explore local needs and make our best efforts to create customer value through differentia- tion and specialization.
We aim to fully reap the contribution from nylon plant capacity expansion in Spain last fiscal year. With regard to LiB separators, we expanded capacity at the Sakai Factory to meet customer demand growth. We will lower costs to further enhance profitability.
ESG-Related Initiatives
As for high-performance coatings, we will accelerate our global expansion and reinforce our proposal-oriented business model through collaboration with customers while cutting costs to improve earnings.
Restructuring Businesses
We have greatly improved the profitability of the polyimide business due to the demand growth for organic light-emitting diode (OLED) and other products. We will keep trying to lift earnings from film and varnish by improving technologies for stable production while cutting costs. As for the LiB electrolyte business, we will strive to swiftly benefit from business integration with Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation in China.
Regarding the administration side, we will strengthen management through the establish- ment of key performance indicators (KPIs) so we can respond swiftly to changes in the business climate and reach our earnings goals.
Reinforcing Our Management Foundation
We will prepare for the start of our next medium-term management plan by allocating management resources to key themes such as overhauling our quality management systems, reinforcing risk management and internal con- trols, leveraging ICT, and developing human resources.
Nylon resin
    • We adopted a new manufacturing method for cyclohexanone, an intermediate raw material for caprolactam. We thereby look to reduce annual CO2 emissions by approximately 190,000 metric tons. We will continue to develop and select processes that help safeguard the environment.
• We will supply products that lower environmental impact and contribute to society. Such offerings include eco-friendly high-performance coating materials, synthetic rubber and nylon that improve the fuel economy and lower the weight of automobiles, battery materials for electric and hybrid vehicles, and separation membranes for fuel cell vehicles.
29

    Global Product Supply Structure of the Chemicals Company
The Chemicals Company maintains production facilities in Spain and Thailand for caprolactam, nylon, fine chemicals, and other products. These products are supplied mainly to the European, Asian, and Latin American markets.
     Spain
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal (UCE)
In 1993, we invested in a caprolactam manufactur- ing company in Spain that later became a wholly owned subsidiary in 1996. The company manufac- tures and sells nylon, caprolactam, ammonium sulfate, fine chemicals, and other products.
Thailand
UBE Chemicals (ASIA)
Public Company Limited (UCHA)
UBE established two companies in Thailand in 1997 to manufacture and sell nylon and caprolac- tam, respectively, and thereafter merged into one company, UCHA. The company produces nylon and compounds, caprolactam, and ammonium sulfate. Other subsidiaries also located at the same site are THAI SYNTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED and UBE Fine Chemicals (Asia) Co., Ltd.
Grao de Castellon • Spain
      Other 16%
Fine chemicals 9%
Ammonium sulfate 18%
Major Products
(Net Sales in Fiscal 2017)
Other 3% Ammonium sulfate 21%
Caprolactam 26%
   Nylon resin / compound 31%
Caprolactam 26%
Growth Strategy
Nylon resin / compound 50%
   The company maintains a stable supply of high-quality products based on UBE’s technologies and know-how, and is expanding its nylon produc- tion capacity to expand sales to the Americas and other markets in the Atlantic region.
Supplies products matching local needs in the Southeast Asian market and expands production capacity according to market growth.
 Characteristics of Major Products in Each Region
        The company is one of Europe’s top manufacturers, with strengths in packaging film applications for meats and other food products.
The company is Spain’s sole manufacturer of this product, which is mainly sold in Europe and in Latin America.
Nylon
Caprolactam
Ammonium sulfate
The company possesses strengths in both extrusion molding and automotive compounds.
The company is Southeast Asia’s sole manufacturer of this product, which is mainly sold in this region.
Demand for this product is strong as fertilizer in Thailand, which has a strong agricultural industry.
The product is also sold in other Southeast Asian countries.
                 Rayong • Thailand
 The company accounts for 80% of Spanish production of this product, which it mostly sells as fertilizer for orange and olive groves, primarily in Spain and also in Latin
America.
       30
 
     Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Business Strategies of Pharmaceutical
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Bolster our in-house drug R&D pipeline and lifecycle management.
• Overhaul operational management to
address changes in the manufacturing climate (in-house, contract, and generics) and needs.
Principal Products and Businesses
Pharmaceuticals
(Active ingredients, intermediates)
Opportunities
Strengths
• We have drawn on the technologies we have amassed as a chemicals company to undertake independent drug discovery research that emphasizes efficiency and speed.
• We can leverage our ample contract manufac- turing experience to harness our capabilities in organic synthesis and industrialization to meet customer needs.
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2018
In the pharmaceutical business, we aim to transform our operations and stabilize earnings to meet unmet medical and other needs. In drug discovery research, we will pursue efficient and speedy R&D, selecting themes on the basis of value and differentiation. We will also enhance our PDCA cycles in exploring the fruits of research and will flexibly allocate human resources. We aim to develop new drugs with phar- maceuticals while seeking opportunities to generate drug discovery seeds from the fruits of independent research in line with the needs of global pharmaceu- ticals manufacturers.
To manufacture and sell active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, we will reinforce our marketing structure to secure new business opportu- nities, including for generic active pharmaceutical ingredients. We will take advantage of the quality control element of good manufacturing practices and our technological development capabilities relating
to organic synthesis, industrialization, and active pharmaceutical ingredients that we have accumu- lated over the years. We will also balance high quality and price competitiveness by harnessing manufac- turing facilities that can handle an array of chemical reactions while bolstering our domestic and interna- tional supply chain, which includes our contractors.
      • In-house pharmaceuticals • Contract pharmaceuticals • Generics
  • Pharmaceuticals manufacturers are reinforcing their new drug pipelines by broadly exploring and deploying external drug discovery seeds.
• These manufacturers are focusing on drug discovery R&D by outsourcing the development of active pharmaceutical ingredient and production technologies.
Challenges
• Bolster our pipeline of differentiated drug dis- covery seeds to maximize drug discovery value and increase success rates.
• Strengthen contract manufacturing for new drugs and active pharmaceutical ingredient marketing for generics, thereby lowering costs and solidifying our earnings platform.
  Calblock®
Effient®
      Yasushi Konno
General Manager of Pharmaceutical Div.
Talion®
  We will resolutely and swiftly pursue customer satisfaction in keeping with our commitment to enhancing
the quality of life through pharmaceuticals.
ESG-Related Initiatives
• We will leverage R&D, production, and supply of outstanding pharmaceuticals to contribute to the health of
people everywhere by delivering technology solutions that are essential to manufacturing pharmaceuticals.
31
                
  Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Business Strategies of Cement & Construction Materials
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Maintain and strengthen the profitability of core businesses.
• Bolster and extend our growth strategies.
• Maintain and enhance our operational infrastructure.
 Principal Products and Businesses
Cement
Resource recycling
Building materials
(Self-leveling materials, waterproofing materials, renovation and aseismic retrofitting)
Limestone
Ready-mixed concrete Calcia, magnesia
Specialty inorganic materials
Opportunities
• We will integrate production, sales, and logis- tics to cater to rising demand, particularly in urban areas, to generate solid earnings.
• We will maintain profitability by stably supplying materials that are vital for building social capital.
• We will optimize synergies by deploying a wide range of Groupwide businesses based on limestone.
Challenges
• Minimize profitability impacts of rising coal and heavy oil costs by streamlining operations and revising prices.
• Over the medium and long terms, uphold and reinforce the profitability of core businesses, bolster and extend our growth strategies, and maintain and enhance our operational infrastructure.
• Accelerate and strengthen efforts to address energy and environmental issues.
Strengths
• We maintain a solid infrastructural setup through our coal and power supply structure and large port facilities.
• We can optimize Group synergies through our diverse Groupwide product businesses.
• We are able to harness a wide range of waste substances and draw on our advanced techni- cal capabilities to conserve resources.
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2018
Our cement and construction materials are vital elements of social infrastructure, and by integrating production, sales, and logistics we can maintain profitability by stabilizing supplies of our offerings.
Although we anticipate construction related to the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games to generate some demand in fiscal 2018, the high costs of coal and heavy oil will likely drive significantly higher manufacturing expenses.
We will tackle these challenges by reconfirming our objectives and achievements and pursuing our goals under our medium-term management plan to fulfill our vision.
Maintain and strengthen the profitability of core businesses
• Install waste heat power generation facilities at the
Isa Factory to help cut costs and rationalize opera- tions (we started work in fiscal 2017 and plan to make these facilities operational in fiscal 2019).
      We will continue to support the Group
as a core infrastructure business by identifying,
demonstrating, and bolstering our inherent strengths.
Tadashi Matsunami
Company President, Cement & Construction Materials Company, with responsibility for Energy & Environment Div.
 32

     • Set up fourth-stage waste plastic treatment facili- ties at the Isa Factory to expand the use of waste products (work began in fiscal 2017 with a view to facilities going on line in fiscal 2018).
• Secure limestone resources by developing the Kanayamadai mining zone (mining scheduled to start in fiscal 2018).
• Upgrade the Ube Factory of UBE Material Indus- tries, Ltd., to rationalize production. (work began in fiscal 2016 and is scheduled to finish in fiscal 2019)
• Develop new organic construction materials products for construction and infrastructure.
• Optimize Group synergies by reinforcing collabo- ration between Group companies and rebuilding and integrating operations (we consolidated the construction materials business at Ube Industries in April 2018).
Bolster and extend our growth strategies
• Expand our business area by reinforcing over- seas operations (we reinforced ties with a stable buyer of cement exports and in April 2018 began constructing a Thai factory for MOS-HIGE, an automotive filler, with operations scheduled to start in fiscal 2019.
• Expand our business domains by increasing sales of environmental offerings including neutral solidifying materials and heavy metal insolubilized
Our cement factories recycle diverse waste and by-products as raw materials and they can burn and detoxify substances that conventional counterparts could not handle. Thus,
we are contributing to a recycling-oriented society.
Ready-mixed concrete
Self-leveling materials
   ESG-Related Initiatives
materials, enter the gypsum board recycling busi- ness, and develop and commercialize new prod- ucts and technologies.
Maintain and enhance our operational infrastructure
• In addition to strengthening R&D, cultivate human resources while building a management structure that remains robust in times of change, thereby enhancing our six operating fundamentals of earnings and capital, facilities, R&D, personnel development, information systems, and environmental safety.
This fiscal year, we will plan our next medium-term management plan. In the current business climate, we will endeavor to maintain and increase profits in existing businesses while clarifying specific approaches to expanding our business domains and areas. At the same time, we will act decisively to identify, demonstrate, and bolster our inherent strengths.
 • Following a move by the Kanda Factory, we decided to install waste heat power generation and waste plastic treatment facilities at the Isa Factory. These measures should lower annual greenhouse gas emissions by 90,000 metric tons.
• We are endeavoring to greenify former limestone quarries. Since fiscal 2008, we have planted citrus trees, ivy, and other vegetation on the slopes of the Kanda Mine. Since fiscal 2011, we have planted wild cherry trees and round leaf holly on the slopes of the Ube Isa Mine.
33

   Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Business Strategies of Machinery
  Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Reinforce product competitiveness in the global market.
• Focus on overall product lifecycles and expand service and support.
• Maximize earnings by reinforcing integrated management for the segment.
Principal Products and Businesses
• Molding machines (Die-casting machines, injection molding machines, extrusion presses)
• Industrial machinery and bridges • Steel products
• Control boards
• Machinery services
Opportunities
• We offer products that cater to the specific needs and specifications of our customers.
• We maintain numerous business sites in Japan and abroad and run a service and support structure that encompasses global markets.
Challenges
• Reinforce and globally deploy our lineup of product businesses.
• Strengthen overseas services and bolster profitability.
Strengths
• We have a robust record in serving the automo- tive, steelmaking, cement, electric power, and other key sectors, and have earned solid cus- tomer reputations for our efforts.
• We can draw on our domestic and overseas operations to cater to customer needs in every- thing from development through after-service.
Injection molding machines
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2018
Molding Machinery Business
Bridges
         Tokuhisa Okada Company President, Machinery Company
• In die-cast machinery, market new models for large machinery that can cater to aluminum automotive parts that meet the need for greater lightness. Roll out a new series for mid-sized machinery and step up collaboration.
• In injection molding machinery, build an optimal production structure that comprises UBE Machin- ery Corporation, Ltd., U-MHI Platech Co., Ltd., UBE Machinery Inc., and two original equipment manufacturing partners in China. Develop and globally expand sales of a common brand of mid-sized and large machinery. Integrate our businesses to become more competitive.
Industrial Machinery Business
• Reach quality, cost, and delivery levels suitable for large IPP projects.
• Draw on core technologies (combustion, pulveri- zation, and materials handling) to develop new products and technologies for the environmental and recycling markets.
Steel Products Business
• Establish a structure to raise monthly billet pro- duction capacity to 30,000 metric tons and expand recycling operations.
Machinery Services Business
• For molding machines, strengthen the activities of overseas units and integrate and streamline American, Indian, and other operations.
• In industrial machinery, deploy more services overseas and offer services for products of other companies.
We are focusing on reaping the rewards of activities under our medium-term management plan and reinforcing operations that
are experiencing increasingly adverse operating climates. We aim to build the foundations
for our next medium-term management plan.
ESG-Related Initiatives
• Companies in the Machinery segment are focusing on developing products that help protect the environment while providing a range of services. UBE Steel Co., Ltd., completely melts the industrial and medical waste from its manufacturing processes.
     34
 
     Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Business Strategies of Energy & Environment
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Help strengthen UBE Group earnings by
maintaining stable supplies of competitive energy (coal and electricity).
• Strengthen and enhance our infrastructure to drive sustainable growth.
Solar power plant
     Principal Products and Businesses
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2018
While CO2 emissions are a drawback, coal is positioned as an essential energy source under the Japanese government’s energy policies. The Energy & Environment segment’s main business is coal and coal-fired thermal power generation, and it is a key challenge for us to address the needs of a low-carbon economy while maintaining stable supplies of this competitive energy source.
We will tackle these challenges by increasing the operating efficiency of our coal centers and power plants. We will thereby enhance the inherent competitiveness of coal as an energy source for internal and external users, and consider it vital to use more biomass fuels for co-firing with coal to ameliorate CO2 emissions. We therefore recently decided to construct wood briquette fuel demon- stration facilities in the Ube area.
It is easy to co-fire this fuel with coal, and
we will use our coal centers and power plants to demonstrate a business model in which we mix, transport, crush and co-fire this fuel with coal. We thereby aim to position the Energy & Environment segment to accommodate social needs even in a low-carbon economy.
 Coal
Power
Opportunities
• Import and sales
• Coal center (storage and distribution)
• Independent power producer (IPP) • In-house power plant
  • Start demonstrating a business model that harnesses wood briquette fuel to help lower environmental impact.
• The coal and coal-fired thermal power genera- tion business can become more efficient and a stable source of competitive energy.
Challenges
• Respond to and contribute to a low-carbon economy.
• Manage facilities more efficiently.
Strengths
• Our infrastructure, including our ports, the nation’s largest coal center, power stations, and internal and external user networks.
• The cost competitiveness of our private and IPP plants, which have achieved the thermal power generating efficiency required under the Energy Conservation Act.
  We will create energy and environment businesses that do not harm social value, even in
  a low-carbon economy.
Yuuzo Hanamoto
General Manager, Energy & Environment Div. and Coal Business Unit
 ESG-Related Initiatives
  • We will build on efforts to lower environmental impact in addition to our biomass and solar power and micro-hydropower operations, by starting wood briquette fuel production to push forward with biomass fuel usage.
  35

ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Basic Stance on Corporate Citizenship
For more than 120 years, the UBE Group has retained its business principle of coexistence and mutual prosperity as the cornerstone of its operations.
We believe that our corporate governance, environmental protection, commu- nity contribution, and other initiatives will enable us to enhance corporate value, drive sustainable growth, and remain a good corporate citizen.
UBE Group Basic Policies for CSR
• Continually improve profits and earnings and maintain a sound financial position in order to increase corporate value
• Provide products, services, and systems that contribute to safety and the environment, reduce the use of harmful materials and waste, and institute policies for the prevention of global warming in order to contribute to the conservation of the global environment
• Establish compliance procedures to improve corporate governance and create a better working environment as a part of our activities to contribute to society
For more information on the UBE Group’s CSR, please check out our CSR Report.
http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/csr/
Sustainable Growth /
Increasing Enterprise Value / Coexist with Society
         Communities
Coexistence, maintaining the environment, creating jobs, and paying our taxes
Shareholders
Proper disclosure and shareholder returns such as dividend payment
            Employees
Optimizing work environments in terms of salaries, motivation, growth, and work–life balance
Coexistence and Mutual Prosperity
Business Partners
Fair and impartial dealings
Customers
Providing safe and high-quality products and solutions
            36
       
  ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Outside Directors and Auditors Forum
Well before the application of Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, the Com- pany proactively sought outside directors and endeavored to create a climate in which such people could fulfill their roles to improve corporate value. For this report, we asked outside directors to assess the Company’s progress toward sustainable growth and its challenges.
We aim to draw on diverse expertise from outside directors while enhancing corporate governance and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors to drive sustainable growth.
What do you think about the composition of the Board of Directors and its progress with deliberations?
Shoda:
Four of the eight members of the Board of Directors are outside directors, and the first noteworthy point is the diversity of the membership, including in terms of where people are from and their careers. In addi- tion, Chairman of the Board of Directors Michio Takeshita runs things in such a manner that it is easy for us all to state our opinions.
Kageyama:
In October each year, directors and executive officers do a management study group stayover to explore and agree on where the Company should head over the next 10 or 15 years. The manage- ment culture seems forward-looking.
Kusama:
The first key point to note about UBE’s approach is that while many corporations rushed to make good use of outside directors following the introduction of the Corporate Governance Code, the Company
has long had a setup for such directors. The Board maintains an open atmosphere, so even executive directors can express themselves freely in what- ever business units they represent.
Terui:
All this is certainly true. The Board is conducive
to free expression, even for outside directors.
I think this stems partly from the Board chairman being a non-executive director.
Suda:
We complained that the support structure was insufficient as the role of corporate governance increased, and the Company was swift to increase personnel numbers to address that. As well,
the work of outside auditors is becoming more substantive.
Ochiai:
Half of the outside directors are receptive to a monitoring model. As I think it’s inappropriate to retain a company with a board of auditors setup that seems incompatible with a monitoring model, I would like to see us swiftly switch to a monitoring model–based Board of Directors.
 Chairman of the Board of Directors & Director
a. Michio Takeshita
Outside Directors
b. Takashi Kusama c. Keikou Terui
d. Takashi Shoda
e. Mahito Kageyama
Outside Auditors
f. SeiichiOchiai g. Miyako Suda
f. d. c. e.
 g. a. b.
37

     38
Outside Director
Takashi Kusama
1971
Joined The Industrial Bank of Japan, Limited
1999
Executive Officer, The Industrial Bank of Japan, Limited
2003
President and Representative Director, Shinko Securities Co., Ltd. 2009
Chairman of the Board and Representative Director,
Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd. Resigned (2011)
2012
Outside Auditor, WOWOW Inc. (current position)
2013
Outside Director of the Company (current position)
Outside Director
Keikou Terui
1979
Joined Ministry of International Trade and Industry
(currently Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI)) 2008
Director-General for Technology Policy Coordination, Minister’s Secretariat, METI
2011
Director-General, Kanto Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry, METI 2012
Director-General for Regional Economic and Industrial Policy, METI 2013
President, Japan Utility Telemetering Association. Non-Profit Organization (current position)
2014
Outside Director of the Company (current position)
2016
Outside Director, Bridgestone Corporation (current position) Outside Director, Organo Corporation (current position)
Outside Director
Takashi Shoda
1972
Joined Sankyo Co., Ltd.
2001
Director, Sankyo Co., Ltd.
2003
President and Representative Director, Sankyo Co., Ltd. 2005
President & CEO, and Representative Director, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd.
2010
Representative Director and Chairman, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd. 2014
Senior Corporate Adviser, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd. (current position) 2015
Outside Director of the Company (current position)
2017
Outside Director, Daito Trust Construction Co., Ltd.
Takeshita:
The thinking of executive teams has changed dra- matically. Whereas previously they only discussed their own viewpoints, they now factor in the views of outside directors in their explanations during Board meetings. As the Chairman of the Board
of Directors I consider that a positive change.
What’s your assessment of UBE?
The Company targets ¥50 billion in operat- ing profit for fiscal 2018 in keeping with a basic policy under its medium-term man- agement plan of strengthening the business foundation to enable sustainable growth. How well is it progressing in that regard? What challenges should it tackle to generate growth?
Terui:
Many of the Company’s offerings are commodities, so the business structure is very susceptible to changes in the operating climate. That said, it is experiencing expansion with separators and other new products. And I look for growth to accelerate. Kusama:
If I have a bone to pick, it’s that I believe manage- ment needs to present a clearer vision of how big it plans the Company to become over the medium and long terms. In doing so, it might be one of our roles to cheer up employees to be more respon- sive to change in many ways.
Kageyama:
The Company progressed considerably in tacking the issue of business restructuring. UBE has a ton of unique technologies, and I think that it has tre- mendous potential in developing fields that can become earnings sources down the track.
Shoda:
I think corporations that rely heavily on the Japa- nese market will find the going tough, as the popu- lation is aging and birth rates are falling. I think UBE needs to step up efforts to cultivate its businesses globally.
Ochiai:
In my view, management needs to make some tough calls about UBE’s future as a conglomerate. Assessments and decisions would relate to things like whether the capital efficiency of business port- folios is rising sufficiently to satisfy shareholders. Then there would be the questions of whether or not the organization needs radical selection and concentration moves or whether the allocation of authority between headquarters and businesses
is appropriate.
Suda:
I recognize that prospects for sustainable growth are few and far between in the domestic market, making it hard to formulate growth strategies. I’m
a little concerned that the Company could find itself left behind in Asia and elsewhere unless it takes the first step soon to tackle risks so it can resolve various issues, and check if it works. And if not then get back on track.
Takeshita:
While the Company has improved its financial posi- tion, I get the feeling that it needs to devote more attention to reforming businesses while looking to expand and grow. I think it’s important to harness acquisitions, open innovations, R&D, and other tools to drive success.
How well is the Company progressing in building its risk management structure?
Shoda:
Risks are part and parcel of doing business. In that respect, I think it’s vital for the Company to take a systematic approach to them. It needs to reconfirm the specifics of risks, taking the ones that are worthwhile and working out how to manage them. Kageyama:
You can only manage risks in-house if your organiza- tion is transparent. That’s why the Board of Directors has committees that engage in data-driven delibera- tions and ensure management transparency.
Terui:
Risks not exactly about businesses themselves,

     such as those relating to corporate management approaches—work practice and information secu- rity issues being good examples of this—have become major social problems. I hope to see
an organization that can properly tackle such challenges.
Kusama:
UBE’s record with acquisitions to date suggests that the Company has built a structure that enables it to take risks. It’s important to provide awareness training about employee qualities and the corpo- rate philosophy so the Company can avert risks. Having employees who are honest and prepared to think deeply about UBE’s place in society is, I think, the most important asset for improving the Company.
Suda:
I’m not all that worried about the Company’s ability to deal with risks once they materialize. The chal- lenge is to prevent risks from becoming problems in the first place. As such, I think management needs to increase the awareness of risks among employees.
Ochiai:
Companies need to pinpoint risks while building and maintaining systems that prevent risks from materializing. Internal controls are about having risk management systems that actually work within companies. Such setups should be institutionalized rather than ad hoc, and in my view the first step for management teams must be to build the systems. Takeshita:
The biggest concern going forward would be per- sonnel shortages. I think the Company needs to look beyond Japan and make an effort to secure people at its overseas business sites.
What other issues should the Company address?
Kusama:
I contend that the Company doesn’t have to adhere fully to all guidelines, such as the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
and ISO 14001. It’s more important to determine what’s essential, particularly in view of the indus- tries in which UBE operates.
Terui:
The name of the medium-term management plan is Change & Challenge 2018, making it particularly important to change the corporate culture and pursue new challenges to generate distinctive
and competitive products, thereby contributing
to society.
Kageyama:
I completely agree with what Mr. Kusama said about ESG. Coexistence and mutual prosperity has been a central business principle since the Company’s inception, and UBE is fulfilling its cor- porate social responsibilities. Making those princi- ples a reality will drive corporate growth and con- tribute to society.
Shoda:
Management’s role is to increase the three ele- ments of corporate value, namely its financial, social, and human resources values. We directors also intend to consider how we can contribute to such improvements.
Suda:
UBE consumes a lot of coal in its operations. Given that overseas it may end up doing business only with companies that have reduced their CO2 emis- sions, I think UBE needs to accelerate efforts to tackle global warming.
Ochiai:
It is very important to maintain a healthy, transpar- ent, and vibrant corporate culture, and UBE needs to constantly keep this in mind. People should take a sense of pride in their work, in knowing that their actions are right and their work matters, even if no one can see it.
Takeshita:
To become more effective, the Board of Directors needs to pare down its deliberative agenda, dele- gate more authority to the president and other executives, and reinforce monitoring. We will consider everyone’s opinions while undertaking reviews and improvements.
Outside Director
Mahito Kageyama
1972
Joined The Sanwa Bank, Ltd.
1999
Executive Officer,
The Sanwa Bank Ltd.
2002
Senior Executive Officer,
UFJ Bank Ltd.
2003
Director and President,
TOMEN CORPORATION
2006
Representative Director and Executive Vice President,
Toyota Tsusho Corporation
2008
Chairman of the Board and Representative Director,
TOMEN ELECTRONICS CORPORATION
Resigned (2010)
2015
Outside Director of the Company (current position)
Outside Auditor
Seiichi Ochiai
1981
Professor, Seikei University Faculty of Law
1990
Professor, The University of Tokyo Graduate Schools for Law and Politics, and Faculty of Law
2007
Professor, Chuo Law School Registered as an attorney (Dai-Ichi Tokyo Bar Association)
Professor Emeritus, The University of Tokyo (current position)
2012
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (current position)
Outside Director of Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company (current position)
2013
Outside Auditor of the Company (current position)
Outside Auditor
Miyako Suda
1988
Professor, School of Economics, Senshu University
1990
Professor, Faculty of Economics, Gakushuin University
2001
Member of the Policy Board, the Bank of Japan
2011
Special Advisor, the Canon Institute for Global Studies (current position) 2014
Outside Director, Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company (current position)
2015
Outside Auditor of the Company (current position)
39

 ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Overview
 Organizational structure
Chairman of the Board of Directors*
Number of directors*
Number of corporate auditors*
Independent officers appointed*
Determination of compensation for each director
Determination of compensation for each corporate auditor
Outside officers (Independent officers)
Independent auditors
Corporate Governance
Company with Board of Corporate Auditors Michio Takeshita
8 (of which 4 are outside directors)
4 (of which 2 are outside corporate auditors) 4 outside directors, 2 outside auditors
• Compensation consists of base compensation and stock-based compensation.
• Total compensation for the year ended March 31, 2018 (4 directors excluding the independent directors): ¥218 million (base compensation: ¥189 million; stock options: ¥29 million)
• Compensation consists of base compensation.
• Total compensation for the year ended March 31, 2018 (3 auditors excluding the independent auditors): ¥57 million (base compensation: ¥57 million)
• Compensation consists of base compensation and retirement benefits.
• Total compensation for the year ended March 31, 2018 (6 officers): ¥68 million (base compensation: ¥68 million)
           • Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
 The UBE Group’s fundamental mission is to achieve sustainable growth and increase the corporate value of the Group over the long term. The confidence of shareholders, customers, business partners, employ- ees, communities, and other stakeholders is essential to this mission, so we have established effective cor- porate governance to maintain appropriate business activities that fulfill our obligations to stakeholders.
Board of Directors
In principle, a director who does not serve concur- rently as an executive officer serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors makes decisions about important management issues in accordance with laws, regulations, the Company’s articles of incorporation, and the rules
Corporate Governance Structure
                       Appointment supervision
* As of June 30, 2018
of the Board of Directors, and also supervises directors and executive officers to ensure they are performing their duties appropriately and efficiently.
Board of Corporate Auditors
Corporate auditors conduct audits based on auditing policies and auditing plans set each fiscal year to assess the decision-making process for key deci- sions and the execution of business. Corporate audi- tors attend Board of Directors’ meetings and other important meetings, examine important documents for approval, and receive reports on operations from directors and other officers. As a result of these and other activities, corporate auditors are able to evalu- ate whether directors are executing their professional duties in accordance with laws, regulations, and the Company’s articles of incorporation.
     Group CEO (President)
 High-Pressure Gas Safety Committee
  Auditing Department
  Corporate Planning & Administrative Office Internal Control
   Group Strategic Management Committee
  Ad hoc meetings
(Discuss budget and account settlement, capital investment plans, medium-term management plans, etc.)
                        
(Discuss important matters as needed)
                     
                     
                                            
                                    
                            
Board of Directors
(Chaired by a non-executive officer)
 Supervisory function
 Management strategy decision-making function
    Nominating Committee
(Chaired by an outside director)
 Evaluation and Compensation Committee (Chaired by an outside director)
 Appointment
Corporate Auditors
Auditing function
Audit
           
total power
            
Audit
 Executive Officers
    Accounting Appointment audit
Headquarters, Corporate Research & Development, Companies and Divisions
  Independent auditors
Company Operating Committee and Division Operating Committee
   40
General Meeting of Shareholders

 Outside Directors
UBE has appointed outside directors to add inde- pendent, third-party viewpoints to the decision-making process and to the monitoring of management to ensure efficiency, transparency, and objectivity from June 2005. UBE does not use a committee man- agement system, but employs a Nominating Com- mittee and Evaluation and Compensation Commit- tee that report to the Board of Directors. Each consists of six members (four outside directors and two directors) and is chaired by an outside director.
Executive Officers
UBE has been using an executive officer system to separate governance and management functions since June 2001. The President and CEO delegates authority to executive officers, who perform their duties based on management policies decided by the Board of Directors.
General Meeting of Shareholders and Exercise of Voting Rights
The Notice of Convocation is sent out three weeks prior to the General Meeting of Shareholders, but its contents are posted on the UBE Group’s web- site earlier. UBE provides access to mobile phone and Internet voting in addition to voting by mail so that shareholders unable to attend can also exer- cise their voting rights. UBE also uses an electronic voting platform for institutional investors.
At the General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2017, a total of 18,263 shareholders exercised their voting rights (including 17,226 shareholders who exercised voting rights in writing
Directors’ and Auditors’ Attendance at Board Meetings
and via the Internet), representing 77.9% of total voting rights.
Engagement with Shareholders:
Two-Way Communication through IR Activities
Principal IR activities in fiscal 2017 are listed below. The UBE Group conducts IR activities with the goal of timely, accurate, and fair disclo- sure, and believes that proactive communication and engagement with investors enhances corpo- rate value.
• Earnings briefing for institutional investors and securities analysts (after main briefing)
• Telephone conference for institutional investors and securities analysts (held quarterly)
• Overseas IR (visits with overseas investors, a total of three times yearly, in Europe, the United States, and Asia)
• Small meetings by the President and CEO (three times yearly)
• Individual meetings with institutional investors and securities analysts (about 200 times per year)
Detailed information is available in the Investor Relations section of the UBE Group’s website: http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/corporate/
Internal Control System
The Board of Directors has resolved the basic policies for the configuration of the UBE Group’s internal control system. Detailed information on the UBE Group’s Basic Policy for Establishing Internal Control is available in the UBE Group’s website: http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/corporate/ management/internalcontrol.html
Name
Michio Takeshita Yuzuru Yamamoto Hideyuki Sugishita Tadashi Matsunami Takashi Kusama Keikou Terui Takashi Shoda Mahito Kageyama Setsuro Miyake
Takanobu Kubota Atsushi Yamamoto Seiichi Ochiai Miyako Suda
Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors and Board of Corporate Auditors during Fiscal 2017
 Directors
Outside Directors
Auditors
Outside Auditors
13/13 times (100%) 13/13 times (100%) 13/13 times (100%) 13/13 times (100%) 12/13 times (92.3%) 13/13 times (100%) 13/13 times (100%) 13/13 times (100%)
3/3 times (100%)
3/3 times (100%) 13/13 times (100%) 8/8 times (100%) 10/10 times (100%) 5/5 times (100%) 13/13 times (100%) 8/8 times (100%) 12/13 times (92.3%) 8/8 times (100%)
of Board of Directors’ meetings
of Board of Corporate Auditors’ meetings of Board of Directors’ meetings
of Board of Corporate Auditors’ meetings of Board of Directors’ meetings
of Board of Corporate Auditors’ meetings of Board of Directors’ meetings
of Board of Corporate Auditors’ meetings of Board of Directors’ meetings
of Board of Corporate Auditors’ meetings
                   On June 28, 2018, Hideyuki Sugishita resigned, commensurate with the completion of his term as a director.
41

 Compliance
The UBE Group formulated its Personal Action Guidelines outlining the Company’s corporate ethics in 1998. The guidelines outline the standards and criteria for compliance in corporate activities, which directors and employees are expected to adhere to.
UBE appoints a Compliance Officer for the UBE Group and maintains the UBE Group Compliance Committee including general counsels as an advi- sory body. The UBE Group Competition Law Com- pliance Committee works to prevent acts that impede fair competition and to ensure the sound- ness of business operations, and the UBE Group Restricted Cargo and Export Management Com- mittee increases awareness within the Group of the need to prevent the unauthorized export or provi- sion of goods and technology that are restricted under export control laws and regulations designed to maintain international peace and stability.
Masato Izumihara
Senior Managing Executive Officer & Director, and Company President
UBE is working to upgrade and strengthen structures and frameworks for compliance. Initia- tives include the introduction of the “UBE C-Line,” a hotline that allows executive officers and employ- ees to directly report compliance issues without going through normal channels. This encourages the rapid finding and swift correction of compliance issues. By providing compliance-related informa- tion, e-learning, team coaching, and other pro- grams, UBE continuously educates and enlightens its employees.
In fiscal 2017, UBE conducted internal training and education on laws and regulations such as the Anti-Monopoly Act, Subcontract Act, and Unfair Competition Prevention Act. In addition, from fiscal 2015, on behalf of the Compliance Promotion Secre- tariat, in-house trained instructors conduct general compliance training at Group workplaces, with 2,900 employees receiving such training in fiscal 2017.
   Directors and Auditors
(As of June 30, 2018)
Mahito Kageyama
Outside Director
Michio Takeshita
Chairman of the Board of Directors & Director
Yuzuru Yamamoto
President & Representative Director, President & Executive Officer, and Group CEO
Takashi Shoda
Outside Director
of Chemicals Company
    42
Keikou Terui
Outside Director
Takashi Kusama
Outside Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
& Representative Director,
and Company President of Cement
& Construction Materials Company with responsibility for Energy & Environment Div.
Tadashi Matsunami

  Risk Management
UBE established the Risk Management Office in April 2017. In its first year, the office exhaustively identified risks that could impede efforts to reach business objectives, classified such risks by proba- bilities, impact scales, and other factors based on UBE’s own perspectives, and selected key critical risks. Specialized committees under the Group Strategic Management Committee are assigned
to such key critical risks in order to deploy the right countermeasures quickly.
The UBE Group Environment and Safety Com- mittee and the UBE Group Product Safety Committee formulate policies and promote various measures across the Group concerning safety and environ- mental protection and product safety and quality management, respectively. The Group CSR Commit- tee set up the Information Security, Risk Management, and other committees to tackle specific risks.
Directors, Auditors and Executive Officers
(As of June 30, 2018)
   Directors
Michio Takeshita Yuzuru Yamamoto Tadashi Matsunami Masato Izumihara Takashi Kusama Keikou Terui Takashi Shoda Mahito Kageyama
Takanobu Kubota Atsushi Yamamoto Seiichi Ochiai Miyako Suda
Yuzuru Yamamoto
Tadashi Matsunami Tokuhisa Okada Masato Izumihara Junichi Misumi
Masahiko Nojima Yukio Hisatsugu Makoto Koyama Hideo Tamada Makoto Aikawa Morihisa Yokota Genji Koga Hiroshi Nishida Masayuki Fujii Yasushi Konno Yuuki Nishida Hidetsune Miura Yoshiaki Ito Yuuzo Hanamoto Hisaaki Yokoo Masayoshi Ota Keiichi Nagata Masaro Suehiro Bruno de Bièvre Shigeru Ouchi Mitsuo Ono
 Representative Director Representative Director
         Auditors
Executive Officers
Outside and independent Outside and independent Outside and independent Outside and independent
Outside and independent Outside and independent
           Atsushi Yamamoto
Auditor
President & Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officers
Executive Officers
 Takanobu Kubota
 Auditor
                       Miyako Suda
Seiichi Ochiai
Outside Auditor
Outside Auditor
43

 ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Human Resources
  At UBE, we consider employees our most important resource for creating value and supporting sustainable growth. We therefore devote considerable attention to human resources development and endeavor to enhance our programs to ensure that all employees can lead fulfilling lives.
  Personnel System
UBE maintains a personnel system in which it clari- fies what it expects of employees and impartially evaluates individual effort. We seek to ensure that employees therefore fully understand what they need to do and create workplaces that are chal- lenging and motivating for all our employees.
implemented flextime, half days off, and other pro- grams as part of our commitment to encouraging a healthy work–life balance for our employees.
Employees
Expected roles
Self-driven and personally responsible
Establish a vision
Human resources ideal
Company
Abilities management
System
Childbirth leave
Childcare leave
Family nursing leave
Child nursing leave
Shortened working time
Description
Employees whose spouses have given birth can take four days of paid leave.
Leave can be taken until the day before the child’s first birthday (or the child’s second birthday, in certain circumstances).
The first seven days of leave are fully paid.
Employees can take leave to provide nursing care for family members
(up to a total of 365 days).
Employees can take leave to nurse children in the third grade of elemen- tary school or younger. (Five days per child can be taken each year,
up to a maximum of ten days a year.)
Employees can use this leave in half-day units.
The working hours of employees caring for children in the third grade of elementary school or younger or nursing family members can be short- ened by up to two hours per day.
Usage of Main Work–Life Balance System (Fiscal 2017)
Number of
Employees Who Used It
113
81.3% of those eligible
79
including 70 men
0
4
including 3 men
16
including 0 men
            44
Human Resources Development
 We augment on-the-job training, workshops and other off-the-job training, and self-improvement support programs with systems that empower our employees to perform at their best in an array of businesses and in an increasingly global operating climate. A good example is the Career Develop- ment Sheets that employees prepare every year, based on which they can discuss their prospects with supervisors. We rotate employees through posts to broaden their perspectives and expertise. We upgrade off-the-job training, including work- shops, in keeping with specific business needs to keep pace with changes in the operating climate.
Respect for Human Rights
The UBE Group Action Guidelines for Business Conduct state our commitment to respecting individuals while fostering mutual understanding and eliminating discrimination. We established the Human Rights Education Committee, which offers executive training and training opportunities to employees by business site and job classification and draws on e-learning tools in its programs.
All members of the Group endeavor to fully respect human rights in every aspect of our operations.
Enhancing Work Style Reform
Work style reform is an important management priority. We are accordingly reviewing Company- wide approaches to ensure high productivity and enhance the skills of all employees. We have
An external expert lectures at a seminar on enhancing work style reform
    Annual Paid Vacation Usage
67%
70%
74%
 61%
64%
 2013 2014 2015 2016
2017 (FY)

 Diversity Initiatives
Diversity is a key priority for UBE’s management. We accordingly seek to build a corporate culture that respects individuality and broad perspectives and treasures creativity and ambition.
Percentage of Employees with Disabilities
Hiring Breakdown
Number of People
As of March 31, 2018, 7.3% of parent company employees were women, up from 7.0% a year ear- lier. Females represented 1.5% of our manage- ment pool, up from 1.4% a year earlier. In fiscal 2016, we launched a three-year action plan based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace. The plan encompasses the following three benchmarks to provide greater opportunities for female employees and encourage males to engage more in family life.
(1) Women representing at least 20% of new grad-
uate hires for generalist positions
(2) A paid vacation usage rate of 70% or more
(3) At least 30% of eligible male employees taking
childcare leave
As part of our efforts to be more inclusive for
women, we have increased the number of female employees at our factories and overseas. Women are increasingly vital to our operations.
A female employee giving guidance to a new employee at one of our factories
A female employee overseeing operating plant equipment at one of our factories
(%)
Statutory
rate 2.05 2.0
2.44 2.41
 We endeavor to attract and retain diverse talent as part of efforts to overcome the looming chal- lenges of a declining labor force and a changing business climate.
We recruit people from a wide range of back- grounds without regard to such factors as national- ity or gender and provide work environments in which they can fulfill their potential.
2.18 2.08
  2013 2014
2015 2016
2017 (FY)
Addressing the Gender Gap
 Fiscal Year 2015
New graduate hires
(generalist positions) 46 (12)
Hires of non-Japanese nationals 2 (2)
2016 42 (9)
43 (5)
34 (2)
2 (0)
1 (1)
2017 46 (10)
63 (9) 12 (1) 2 (1) 2 (2)
4% 4% 3%
  New graduate hires
(key employee positions)
17 (2) Mid-career hires 53 (4) Hires with disabilities 5 (0)
    Numbers in parentheses are the number of female hires.
Employee Turnover in First Three Years
Joined in April 2013 Joined in April 2014 Joined in April 2015
Employing Non-Japanese Nationals
    Our domestic employees need to engage increas- ingly with their overseas colleagues amid the increasingly global nature of our business, and we accordingly hire foreign nationals to work in Japan so Japanese can acquaint themselves with differ- ent business and cultural practices.
Rehiring Retirees
We are making our workplaces more conducive to rehiring employees who have reached the standard retirement age so they can continue to share their experience and skills. We rehired 78.1% of new retirees in fiscal 2017.
Recruiting People with Disabilities
We do much to foster the employment of people with disabilities, and maintain the UBE Group Support Network for Employment of People with Disabilities. Through it, we place individuals within the Group through Libertas Ube, Ltd., a special- purpose subsidiary that we established in 1991.
  45

 ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Coexisting with Communities
The UBE Group contributes to local communities by working alongside them based on the spirit of coexistence and mutual prosperity that underpins its CSR efforts. This is in recognition that its viability depends heavily on engaging with local residents. Our report this year focuses on interaction between local commu- nities and our support for culture and the arts.
    Responsible Care (RC)* Regional Dialogue Meetings
Local member companies of the Japan Chemical Industry Association (JCIA) RC Committee hold biennial RC Regional Dialogue Meetings in each of that entity’s districts to deepen mutual understand- ing with local residents about environmental pres- ervation, process safety and disaster prevention, and other RC activities.
Our chemical factories are committee members in the western Yamaguchi, Sakai/Senboku, and Chiba districts. In fiscal 2017, we explained our activities for the year and exchanged views with participants from industry, government, academia, and the public in the 11th RC Regional Dialogue Meeting in the western Yamaguchi and Sakai/Senboku districts.
There were keynote speeches presented by two of the Graduate School of Sciences and Tech- nology for Innovation faculties at Yamaguchi Uni- versity at the November 2017 gathering in western Yamaguchi. One was by Professor Hiromori Tsutsumi, in which he discussed everything from
The 11th RC Regional Dialogue Meeting in western Yamaguchi
common everyday polymers up to leading-edge polymers. The other was by Associate Professor Takaya, covering the basics of measuring, assess- ing, and formulating measures to address odors and recent developments in this respect.
At the Sakai/Senboku district Regional Dia- logue Meeting in February 2018, a general man- ager of the JCIA’s RC Committee commented
on RC and its communication initiatives. An official from the Citizen Autonomy Promotion Section of Sakai Ward Office finished the proceedings with
a speech on disaster preparedness.
We will continue to focus on regional dialogue and maintain RC activities to foster coexistence and mutual prosperity with communities.
Support for Culture and the Arts in Japan
UBE provides financial and personnel support for the activities of the UBE Foundation and the Wata- nabe Memorial Culture Association. In fiscal 2017, we donated ¥500 million to the Foundation as part of our 120th anniversary celebrations. Since fiscal 2008, we have invited the Japan Philharmonic
   Gathering after the 11th RC Regional Dialogue Meeting in the Sakai/Senboku district
      46
10th annual UBE Group Charity Concert performance at the Watanabe Memorial Hall
Glossary
* Responsible Care (RC): Under RC, corporations that handle chemical substances voluntarily preserve the environment, safety, and health throughout product lifecycles, from the development
of chemicals through their manufacture, distribution, use, and final consumption to disposal and/or recycling, and communicate and engage with society by disclosing activity outcomes.

 Orchestra to perform in the UBE Group Charity Concert in Ube City. We commemorated the 10th such concert in fiscal 2017, inviting junior high school students to the performance and holding
a premium event in which attendees were able to chat with orchestra members and try playing musi- cal instruments. All proceeds from the concert went to the donation of musical instruments to junior high schools and local music organizations.
Corporate citizenship: UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal (UCE) in Spain
Community Engagement
In fiscal 2017, UCE held a range of meetings at
its premises with 20 local dignitaries, including the mayors of Castellon de la Plana and Almazora. The open discussions covered everything from product handling and environmental preservation to local employment.
Social Contributions
The basic policies of UCE are to pursue social contribution activities by fostering ties that further mutual interests with stakeholders and by fulfilling its corporate social responsibilities. For the past eight years, the company has sponsored a high school drawing contest in keeping with these poli- cies. In November 2017, the company supported an UBE BIENNALE promotion booth at Castellon de la Plana’s fourth annual MARTE Fair.
UCE’s employees take part in a wide range of volunteer activities, including everything from
donating blood and food to the Tree Planting Day at Spain’s Almazora Beach. In fiscal 2017, the company launched a volunteer group to increase awareness of volunteerism and coordinate initiatives.
Corporate citizenship: Asia Operational Unit companies in Thailand (see note)
Community Engagement and Social Contributions
Asia Operational Unit companies engage closely with communities based on the idea that the UBE Group is an integral part of the community. An annual factory open house is a forum for providing situational explanations about the facility and its operations and sharing information and opinions with local residents. These companies also hold
an annual CSR Day. The fiscal 2017 event featured sales of local produce and a drawing contest for local elementary school students.
Asia Operational Unit companies emphasize environmental activities as part of its social contri- bution initiatives. In May 2017, employees went
to Khao Chamao-Khao Wong National Park in Ray- ong to undertake biodiversity preservation efforts and maintained a walking path and weir to safe- guard wildlife food sources.
Note: UBE Chemicals (Asia) Public Company Limited THAI SYNTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED UBE Fine Chemicals (Asia) Co., Ltd.
UBE Technical Center (Asia) Limited
RAYONG FERTILIZER TRADING CO., LTD. UBE (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Commemorative photo at factory open house
Drawing contest on CSR Day
  Exhibition at MARTE Fair of prize-winning works from the previous UBE BIENNALE
  As part of volunteer initiatives, UCE employees and their families take part in afforestation efforts in Almazora.
47

 ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Environment and Safety Management
  The UBE Group has made safeguarding the environment, safety, and health top priorities so it can provide products and services that contribute to better lives and achieve solid and sustainable growth.
UBE Group Environmental and Safety Principles
As members of society, corporations must be fully conscious of their responsibilities regarding contributions to society, environmental preservation, and the maintenance of health and safety in carrying out their corporate activities.
The UBE Group shall pursue the following vision in order to fulfill its leadership role and shall work to improve the safety and the quality of the environment among all of its Group companies through the publication of performance reports and the implementation of dialogues with society.
    Operational Safety
Process Safety
Environmental Preservation
Product Safety Health Management
Revised in April 2015
Environment and Safety Promotion System
The UBE Group has established the Group Environment and Safety, Group Product Safety, and High-Pressure Gas Safety*1 committees, which are composed of mem- bers of the Group Strategic Management Committee, to determine policies and mea- sures relevant to occupational safety and health, process safety and disaster preven- tion, environmental preservation, and prod- uct safety in line with our Environmental and Safety Principles.
Responsible Care Management System
We engage in Responsible Care (RC)*2 activities in all businesses to drive continual improvements in areas related to occupa- tional safety and health, process safety and disaster prevention, environmental preser- vation, and product safety, which leads to improving the quality of activities through plan–do–check–act (PDCA) cycles.
Ensuring operational safety shall be the priority in all areas and activities under UBE’s commitment to respect human life.
Maintenance of process safety shall be part of the UBE Group’s basic mission as a manufacturer.
As a responsible corporate citizen, the UBE Group shall act positively to protect and improve both community and regional conditions and work for the preservation of the global environment.
The UBE Group shall pursue its corporate responsibility in providing its customers and the public with safe and reliable products.
The UBE Group recognizes that maintaining and promoting the health of its employees is the basis of corporate and social vitality.
 Yuzuru Yamamoto President and CEO
Structure of Environment and Safety-Related Committees
Group ES Committee* *Chairman: Group President and CEO
*Vice-Chairman: ES Officer (Managing Executive Officer)
  Secretariat ● ES Department
● Chemicals Segment ES Committee
● Cement & Construction Materials Company ES Committee
● Machinery Company ES Committee
● Energy & Environment Division ES Committee
● Corporate Research & Development Division ES Committee
● Group Global Environment Preservation Promotion Committee ● Group Earthquake Countermeasures Committee
● Group ES Audit Committee
● Group ES Inspection Committee
 Group PS Committee*
  Responsible Care Activities Plans and Achievements
Pages 1 and 2 of the Supplemen- tary Information (Environment and Safety) of the 2018 Inte- grated Report presents activities plans and results for fiscal 2017.
Secretariat ● ES Department
Corporate Planning & Administration Office and General Affairs & Human Resources Office
● Chemicals Segment PS Committee
● Cement & Construction Materials Company PS Committee ● Machinery Company PS Committee
● Energy & Environment Division PS Committee
● Corporate Research & Development Division PS Committee
Group HPGS Committee*
 Secretariat ● ● ES Department ●
Head Office Audit of Process Safety Management System Head Office Audit of Inspection Management Organization
 Policy deliberations and decisions: Each committee in the structure of environment and safety-related committees discusses and determines Companywide measures. Each office and facility formulates action targets and schedules for the fiscal year
Plan
Annual RC Activities PDCA Cycle
Check
P
A Facilities D
  based on these measures.
Act
Do
   48
Review: We improve areas in which we have identified issues and reflect progress with improvements in measures for the following fiscal year.
Check: We conduct ES audit and inspection on progress with activities and identify areas of concern.
Implementation:
Offices and facilities undertake activities as scheduled.
C
  Glossary
*1 The High-Pressure Gas Safety Committee handles process safety measures outlined in a Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry order based on the High-Pressure Gas Safety Act. *2 Responsible Care (RC): Please see the glossary on page 46.

  ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Process Safety and Disaster Prevention / Occupational Safety and Health
  Process Safety and Disaster Prevention
The process safety component of the UBE Group Environmental and Safety Principles for Process Safety states that, “Maintenance of process safety shall be part of the UBE Group’s basic mission as a manufacturer.” We accordingly focus process safety on preparedness for facilities-related acci- dents and major earthquakes. In fiscal 2017, we continued efforts to prevent industrial accidents by focusing on key measures in our fiscal 2017 action plan. These efforts entailed continuing to share accident data and confirm its impact, using information to enhance internal process safety
Occupational Safety and Health
Measures to Prevent Occupational Accidents
Fostering a Safety-Driven Corporate Culture
To make existing safety activities more compre- hensive and effective, in fiscal 2016 we launched initiatives aimed at fostering a safety-driven corpo- rate culture, encompassing eight elements.
These are organizational governance, positive involvement, resource management, work man- agement, motivation, learning and knowledge transmission, risk perception, and mutual under- standing. We are examining existing activities in light of these elements, and are stepping up efforts to tackle and overcome weak areas.
Executive Officer Makoto Aikawa receiving certificate of commendation at the 76th National Safety and Health Convention
certification, becoming better at addressing irregularities and emergencies, and reviewing Earthquake and Tsunami Countermeasure Plans while formulating worksite recovery plans.
As well as conforming with the Industrial Pro- cess Safety Action Plan of the Japan Petrochemi- cal Industry Association, sites certified to handle high-pressure gas adhere to the Japan Chemical Industry Association (JCIA)’s Process Safety and Accident Prevention Guidelines. Our Chemicals, Cement & Construction Materials, and Energy & Environment businesses use educational DVDs that present lessons from accidents. We will continue to harness such resources in training
on process principles and safety design so that we make processes safer.
Receiving Japan Industrial Safety and Health Association Chairman’s Award
We received this honor in recognition of Company- wide initiatives we undertake each fiscal year based on the UBE Group Environmental and Safety Principles for Process Safety. These endeavors entail ongoing improvements, maintain- ing a solid structure to deliberate and decide on Companywide measures in the UBE Group Envi- ronment and Safety Committee, and committing
to diverse RC initiatives to enhance industrial safety and occupational health. We will continue endeav- oring in the years ahead to uphold safety and pre- vent disasters, keenly aware that remaining free
of accidents and disasters is fundamental to good business practices.
Number and Frequency Rates of Lost-Time Incidents among Domestic Operations
Number of Lost-Time
Incidents Lost-Time Incident Frequency Rates
      Employees
Employees of partner companies
(%)
(Incidents)
10
0.67
9
12
0.69
      7
   2013
2014 2015
0.45
8
4
7 0.45
7
5 3
2016 2017 (FY)
0.37
 49

 ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Environmental Preservation
  Environmental Performance
The UBE Group believes that tackling environmen- tal issues to ensure sustainable social progress and maintaining stakeholder trust by announcing outcomes are vital for continual corporate growth.
 Overview of Group Environmental Impact (fiscal 2013 through 2017)
Input 2016 2017
2,220 2,228 16,210 16,360 204 209
  Total energy (thousands of kl)
Total raw materials (thousands of tons) Water resources (million m3)
As crude oil
Water used
2013 2014 2015 2,030 2,080 2,310 16,920 16,990 16,810 225 209 212
         Business activities (manufacturing) of the UBE Group
       Emissions Data by Facility
Page 6 of the Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) of the 2018 Integrated Report presents facility-specific emissions of SOx, NOx, dust, COD, total phosphorus, and total nitrogen.
Airborne Emissions
Soil Emissions
Waterborne Emissions
Industrial Waste Emissions
GHG (1,000t - CO2e) SOx*1 (t)
NOx*2 (t)
Dust (t)
PRTR substances*3 (t) PRTR substances (t) Wastewater (million m3) COD*4 (t)
2013 2014 12,500 12,200 2,660 3,010 16,740 16,280 479 462 197 191 0 0 178 172 889 779 15 17 745 591 95 100 7,600 11,000 310,340 379,210
Output 2015 2016 2017
12,500 12,100 12,100 2,850 3,000 2,840 15,910 14,860 14,970 409 393 341 195 201 225 0 0 0 164 156 162 737 724 747 12 10 11 554 500 519 98 122 118 7,190 6,130 5,190 417,020 421,290 386,640
        Total phosphorus (t)
Total nitrogen (t)
PRTR substances (t) Off-site disposal volume (t) Recycled volume (t)
     50
We control air and water pollution and contaminant discharges based on levels agreed with govern- ments and internal pollution prevention manage- ment standards to minimize our environmental footprint. Our factory operations act on all these measures, and also carefully manage water con- sumption and discharges.
The UBE Group will continue to promote busi- ness activities that contribute to a recycling-based economy as part of its environmental manage- ment, such as preventing global warming, reducing and recycling industrial waste, and lowering chemi- cal substance emissions.
Glossary
*1 Sulfur oxides (SOx) originate in the sulfur (S) component of fuels. Boilers are our main source of these oxides.
*2 Nitrogen oxides (NOx) stem from fuel combustion, primarily from Group boilers and cement kilns.
*3 Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) Law: This legislation requires companies to identify business site chemical substance emissions and transfer volumes and report to the
government. The Ministry of the Environment discloses the submitted information on its website. Such disclosure is designed to encourage voluntary efforts to improve chemical sub-
stance management.
*4 Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD): This is an indicator of water pollution by organic substances and represents the amount of oxygen consumed in the chemical oxidation of organic matter. *5 For Group companies covered in environmental performance data reporting, please see page 10 of the Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) of the 2018 Integrated Report.

   Preventing Global Warming / Biodiversity
Preventing Global Warming
Medium-Term Management Plan Change & Challenge 2018
Group Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reduction Targets
Domestic and key Group business sites overseas seek to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 15% from the fiscal 2005 level by fiscal 2021.
Creating and Expanding Products and Technolo- gies with Smaller Environmental Footprints
We look for such products and technologies to represent at least 30% of net sales by fiscal 2021.
Policy on Addressing Global Warming
Initiatives to Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Progress toward Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reduction Targets
GHG Emissions
(1,000t - CO2e/y)
30
15
0
24 24
2014 2015
25
14,200
2005
15% reduction from the fiscal 2005 level by fiscal 2021
 13,000
11,000
0
12,500
12,200
12,100
12,100
2017 (FY)
2014 2015 2016
Progress in Creating and Expanding Our Lineup of Environmentally Friendly Products and Technologies (%)
Aiming to raise the ratio to 30% or more by fiscal 2021
27
 We consider cutting greenhouse gas emissions as a key issue, and have undertaken ongoing efforts to reduce these emissions. We are expanding our environmentally friendly product lineup and technol- ogies to lower such emissions throughout the sup- ply chain.
• Directly Reducing Greenhouse Gas Emissions We set energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets at company and division levels. Steps thereafter include saving energy and expanding the use of waste materials as part of efforts to lower emissions from manu- facturing.
• Helping Control Greenhouse Gas Emissions
We endeavor to reduce greenhouse gas emis- sions throughout the supply chain by using more environmentally friendly products and technolo- gies and by streamlining logistics.
• Restoring and Adapting to Changes in the Envi- ronment
We constantly assess the risks and opportunities of global warming over the medium and long terms and develop technologies to help lower environmental impact.
Employees participating in the 10th Forest Creation Experiential Activity for Water Conservation
Emissions by Scope in Fiscal 2017
Scope 3: 15,770,000
metric tons CO2e/y
Biodiversity
2016 2017 (FY)
Scope 1: 11,330,000
metric tons CO2e/y
Scope 2:
780,000
metric tons CO2e/y
 In fiscal 2017, our employees devoted around 1,800 man-hours to engaging in efforts to preserve biodiversity. The costs of forestation and limestone quarry greenification totaled roughly ¥30 million.
Private Business Partnership to Preserve Biodiversity
We support the Declaration of Biodiversity by Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) and take part in a related private business partnership.
Forest Conservation Initiatives
In fiscal 2017, 112 employees took part in the 10th Forest Creation Experiential Activity for Water Conservation. The Mine City Office of Yamaguchi Prefecture’s Agriculture, Forestry & Fisheries Department sponsors this annual initiative. The employees thinned and logged around two hect- ares of bamboo.
      51

  Using Resources Effectively
Our cement factories recycle diverse waste and by-products as raw materials (material recycling) and alternative fuels (thermal recycling). Our cement kilns operate at up to 1,450°C, so they can burn and detoxify substances that conven- tional counterparts could not handle. They can also process large waste volumes. It is also possi- ble to use ash from incineration as an alternative to the clay used in cement, thereby eliminating the need to maintain final disposal sites.
History of UBE’s Waste Treatment Facility Installations
FY Alternative Fuels
1998 Kanda Factory: Waste oil treatment facility 1999
2000 Ube Factory: Waste plastic treatment facility (1st train)
2001
2002 Kanda Factory: Waste plastic treatment facility (1st train)
2003 Isa Factory: Waste plastic treatment facility (1st train)
2004 Isa Factory: Wood chip co-combustion facility for in-house power generation
Isa Factory: Waste plastic treatment facility (2nd train)
2005
2006 Kanda Factory: Waste plastic treatment facility (2nd train)
2007 Ube Factory: Waste plastic treatment facility (2nd train)
2008 Isa Factory: Waste plastic treatment facility (3rd train)
2009 Kanda Factory: Waste plastic treatment facility (3rd train)
2011 Kanda Factory: Waste plastic pretreatment facility
2012 Isa Factory: Sludge drying equipment
2013–2014 Isa Factory: Waste plastic treatment facility Enhanced shredding capability (1st and 2nd trains)
2016 Kanda Factory: Enhanced plastic processing capacity (1st train) 2017
Overview of Waste and By-Products Usage Flows during Cement Production
In fiscal 2017, our three cement factories harnessed 3.30 million metric tons of waste and by-products, 2.91 million metric tons of which we sourced externally, contributing considerably to a recycling-oriented society.
We are developing new businesses to use waste materials in applications other than as mate- rials for cement. In fiscal 2017, for example, we began recycling plasterboard, for which we expect demand to increase. We will continue to boost our capacity for handling various waste as part of efforts to expand our recycling business.
See Non-Financial Highlights on page 9 for details of our usage of waste substances and by-products.
Raw Materials
Isa Factory: Chlorine bypass system
Ube/Kanda Factories: Wastewater receiving treatment facility
Ube Factory: Sewage sludge treatment facility
Isa Factory: Sewage sludge waste treatment facility (1st train)
Ube Factory: Chlorine bypass system
Ube/Isa/Kanda Factories: Meat and bone meal treatment facility
Kanda Factory: High-chlorine bypass system
Isa Factory: Sewage sludge waste treatment facility (2nd train)
Kanda Factory: Waste for raw material loading facility
Kanda Factory: Ash pretreatment facility
Ube Factory: Ash pretreatment facility
Ube Factory: Closed sludge injection facility
Ube Factory: Waste plasterboard pretreatment facilities
                                                              Unit: 1,000t/y (fiscal 2017)
Main Ingredients of Cement
Three Cement Factories
Raw Kiln Materials
          Finishing
Mill Silo
Product
Cement Production
7,380 Kt
    52
Glossary
*Refuse-Derived Fuel: A solidified fuel made of waste plastic, woodchips, and household waste.
Coal ash (1,230) Sludge (490) Slag (350) Others (160) Used as Materials: 2,230
Waste plastics, RDF*, Recycled oil, etc.
Alternative Fuel: 290
By-product gypsum (220)
Blast furnace
slag (560)
Total Waste and By-Products Reused 3,300 Kt
 Limestone, Clay, Silica, Iron
  By-Products: 780

   Reducing Industrial Waste and Chemical Substance Emissions
Industrial Waste Reductions
The Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) Volun- tary Action Plan on the Environment targets a 70% reduction in the final disposal volume of industrial waste from fiscal 2000 levels by fiscal 2020. We strive through industry-led initiatives to recycle industrial waste and reduce final disposal waste
to contribute to a recycling-based economy.
Industrial Waste Recycling
Our chemical factories, in-house power stations, machinery factories, and other facilities generate an array of industrial waste. We recycle most of this material at cement factories and other Group facilities.
Industrial Waste for External Final Disposal
In fiscal 2017, we lowered such waste by 84% from the fiscal 2000 level. We will keep endeavor- ing to cut volumes from fiscal 2018.
Reducing Chemical Substance Emissions
The Japanese government is driving efforts to cut chemical substance emissions through a combina- tion of legislation and voluntary initiatives. Voluntary efforts include industry initiatives to constrain emis- sions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs)*1 and a system to disclose substances based on the PRTR Law*2.
In terms of the UBE Group’s activities, 20 sub- stances*3, which it emits in relatively large amounts, were voluntarily selected from substances subject to the PRTR Law as well as VOCs. We will focus on the Group’s emissions of these substances and strive to reduce them.
Minimizing VOC Emissions
Our industry reached the Japanese government’s targets for VOC emissions constraints by fiscal 2010, thereafter continuing efforts. The UBE Group’s VOC emissions in fiscal 2017 were 38% lower than those in fiscal 2010.
Reducing PRTR Substances
We handle 68 of the 462 substances subject to the PRTR Law. Our emissions of these substances in fiscal 2017 were down 30% from fiscal 2010.
PRTR Substances
Page 7 of the Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) of the 2018 Integrated Report presents emissions and transfer volumes and other data on the top 10 substances in terms of emissions volume.
 Industrial Waste Recycling Amount
Group companies
Industrial Waste Recycling Ratio
(%)
387
2017 (FY)
VOC Emissions
(t/y)
UBE
(1,000t/y)
64
310
1,085
 69
417 379
74
421
2016
81
70
68
 783
766
814
 663 673
     2013 2014
2015
2010 2013 2014
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
Industrial Waste for External Final Disposal
Reduction from FY2000 (%)
84
Emissions Volume of PRTR Substances
Released into water
Released into atmosphere
Group companies
UBE
(t/y)
32,570 77
(t/y)
66
78
7,190
2015
488
  11,000 7,600
6,130 5,190
2016 2017 (FY)
292 291 293
343
323
 2000 2013
2014
2010 2013 2014 2015
2016 2017 (FY)
Glossary
*1 VOCs: These organic chemicals evaporate or sublimate easily, entering the atmosphere as gases. They are factors in the forming of suspended particulate matter (PM) and photo-
chemical oxidant pollution.
*2 PRTR (Pollutant Release and Transfer Register) Law: Please see the glossary on page 50.
*3 UBE’s 20 voluntarily selected chemical substances: See page 2 of the Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) of the 2018 Integrated Report.
53

 ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Product Safety and Quality Assurance
Product Safety Initiatives
We comply strictly with the chemical laws and regulations of Japan and the other countries in which we operate. Our stewardship of chemical substances encompasses health, safety, and environmental perspectives. We carefully manage the distribution of chemical substances and extensively disclose safety information about our chemical products.
Complying with Chemical Substances Laws and Regulations
We are digitizing our systems to handle chemical substances laws and regulations. We have con- structed a domestic and overseas compliance structure that has encompassed creating a Safety Data Sheet (SDS)*1 production support system, in-house-developed chemical safety information, and U-CHRIP, a comprehensive database for managing safety and regulatory information about chemical substances. We accordingly seek to replace manual processes and a reliance on indi- vidual skills in handling compliance.
The electrical and electronic device and auto- motive sectors are leading the way in green pro- curement*2, and as a supplier of raw and other materials we carefully monitor our offerings for harmful substances.
Stepping Up Chemicals Management
We supply local-language versions of SDSs and product labels for all products, complying with regulations in Europe, the United States, and around Asia to ensure the safe use of chemical products throughout the supply chain, and main- tain websites for key product SDSs. We also extensively supply safety information for testing and research applications, and have secured safe R&D environments at universities and research institutions.
Our sales and technical personnel obtain hazardous substances information on products through our SDS database to get handling and disposal information that they convey as needed to customers.
Extensively Disclosing Safety Information
We have amassed and extensively share safety information about our products, taking part in a program of the International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA) and the Japan Challenge Pro- gram. Since fiscal 2011, we have participated in the Japan Chemical Industry Association’s volun- tary chemical substance risk management activi- ties while gathering and disseminating hazard information*3 and risk assessments.
We participate in the ICCA’s voluntary Long-Range Research Initiative, which focuses
on the effects of chemical substances on human health and the environment. We thereby support research at universities and other research institu- tions that includes developing new risk assessment methods and studying the safety of chemical sub- stances for infants and the elderly.
Transportation Safety
We ensure the safe distribution of chemical sub- stances by preparing information that transporta- tion companies and their drivers can use in the unlikely event of an accident and by endeavoring to prevent such incidents and improve distribution quality.
   Product Safety Initiatives
U -CHRIP
Registry information
• Registry information for each country
Safety information
• Safety test reports • Registry
documentation
Companywide Database
Privilege management
    54
Access permission Web
information
Regulatory notices, etc.
• Notices
• Proof of registration • Licenses
Interface
Product safety staff, sales staff, etc.
U-CHRIP: UBE-CHemical Regulation Information Platform
Glossary
*1 SDS: Documentation containing hazard and toxicity information about chemical substances that manufacturers disclose when supplying chemical substances and products incorpo-
rating them.
*2 Green procurement: Corporate purchases of raw materials, parts, and manufacturing facilities with minimal environmental footprints. *3 Hazard information: Information on the inherent risks of chemical substances.

  Quality Assurance
The UBE Group’s operations in Japan and abroad encompass a broad range of fields, from chemicals and pharmaceuticals to construction materials and machinery.
The Group undertakes quality assurance measures in each business, adapted to the needs of individual markets. Quality assurance measures respond to customer requirements and are focused on consistently supplying safe and reliable products. The Group Quality General Manager (officer) supervises Head Office–led quality governance, and the Quality Management Department supervises the Group’s quality assurance operations.
• Chemicals Company
Pursuing Customer Satisfaction through Integrated Quality Management Systems
Each of our four chemicals factories used to run their own quality management systems, which
we later integrated under the Chemicals Company. In fiscal 2016, we transitioned to certification under ISO 9001 : 2015, the international standard for quality management systems, and standardized our quality assurance activities. In fiscal 2017, we were certified under IATF 16949 and JIS Q 9100, as part of efforts to match requirements in each industrial area.
We will pursue value creation unique to the UBE Group, as well as competitiveness. We will also maintain a strong awareness of quality assurance issues, and strive to ensure customer satisfaction.
• Pharmaceutical Division
Committed to Quality Pharmaceuticals
We must comply consistently with laws and regula- tions spanning manufacturing through sales and post-market safety measures to deliver efficacious, safe, and quality pharmaceutical products. Division managers have committed fully to our Pharmaceu- tical Quality Policy to meet such strict requirements.
We formulated specific initiatives under a phar- maceutical quality system to materialize this policy, and comply with relevant requirements, ensuring proper manufacturing and quality management at production sites. At the same time, we endeavor to satisfy customers and build external trust by properly running and constantly improving our pharmaceutical quality system.
• Cement & Construction Materials Company Maintaining Manufacturing Quality
This business caters to diverse needs in Japan and abroad through a diverse lineup that includes Portland, specialty, and soil-stabilizing cement.
In fiscal 2017, we completed our transition to ISO 9001 : 2015 certification, and within each process pursued consistent manufacturing quality as demanded by our customers. We constantly respond to revisions in such areas as overseas standards and environmental regulations, and maintain a heightened awareness of quality assur- ance issues. We conduct quality assurance mea- sures that are strong on a global level and resilient to changes in the environment, and work to ensure customer satisfaction.
• Machinery Company
Maintaining Outstanding Products and Services This business develops a diverse lineup of products from a customer-centric perspective. We provide products and services across various fields, both
in Japan and abroad, including molding machines, industrial machinery, and bridges. While pursuing technological innovation, we operate an integrated management structure for the ISO 9001 quality management system and the ISO 14001 environ- mental management system. This enables us to continuously provide high-quality products and services that are trusted by our customers. We strive to maintain our quality assurance system
and to develop human resources capable of main- taining compliance with changing laws, regulations, and standards. Hence, the Machinery Company endeavors to achieve ongoing enhancements to
its management systems.
The Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) of the 2018 Integrated Report presents the quality policies of our in-house companies and divisions.
Supplementary Information (Environment and Safety) is available in the Investor Relations section of the UBE Group’s website: http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/corporate/ir_ library/integrated_report/index.html
55

 Consolidated 10-Year Financial Summary
Ube Industries, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31
 Results of Operations
(Millions of yen)
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
(Millions of yen)
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Breakdown of net sales by reportable segments
 Chemicals1
(Chemicals & Plastics)
(Specialty Chemicals & Products)
Pharmaceutical2
Cement & Construction Materials
Machinery3
Energy & Environment
Other
Adjustment
 ¥—
¥220,033
¥89,785
¥—
¥213,785
¥111,042
¥76,864
¥ 5,163
(¥31,969)
—
165,098
60,374
9,994
188,396
81,750
54,155
19,096
(29,307)
—
204,516
68,777
8,853
200,470
83,433
59,145
26,852
(35,984)
—
231,026
64,368
11,186
209,155
72,575
62,518
25,911
(38,086)
—
219,368
61,111
11,452
208,364
71,310
68,769
25,294
(39,646)
—
230,585
63,160
9,706
223,513
75,511
59,073
28,816
(39,854)
—
215,419
63,288
7,819
222,419
78,956
66,771
33,242
(46,155)
266,736
—
—
9,280
237,343
73,435
69,066
16,792
(30,902)
258,364
—
—
10,975
227,236
71,668
59,782
12,520
(23,982)
305,432
—
—
10,213
238,854
90,140
71,361
4,797
(25,223)
           Net sales
Cost of sales
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit
Non-operating income4
Ordinary profit4
Extraordinary items4
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
 ¥684,703
¥572,010
¥81,530
¥31,163
(¥10,766)
¥20,397
(¥6,887)
¥13,510
¥11,664
549,556
448,328
73,633
27,595
(8,600)
18,995
(3,403)
15,592
8,217
616,062
494,046
77,653
44,363
(5,263)
39,100
(10,353)
28,747
17,267
638,653
512,447
80,200
46,006
(5,198)
40,808
(3,213)
37,595
22,969
626,022
517,769
78,291
29,962
(1,917)
28,045
(12,203)
15,842
8,265
650,510
546,340
79,757
24,413
(5,722)
18,691
975
19,666
12,623
641,759
538,983
78,629
24,147
(919)
23,228
(4,737)
18,491
14,649
641,750
519,960
80,382
41,408
(1,788)
39,620
(11,967)
27,653
19,111
616,563
500,642
80,961
34,960
(1,612)
33,348
(415)
32,933
24,185
695,574
560,100
85,224
50,250
478
50,728
(5,728)
45,000
31,680
           56
Notes: 1. The Chemicals & Plastics segment and the Specialty Chemicals & Products segment were integrated into the Chemicals segment on April 1, 2015. 2. The pharmaceutical business was included in the Specialty Chemicals & Products segment until fiscal 2009.
3. The Machinery & Metal Products segment changed its name to the Machinery segment on April 1, 2016.
4. Based on Japanese GAAP

 Financial Position
(Millions of yen)
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
General
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Assets
Total property, plant and equipment, net
Liabilities and net assets
  Total current assets
Total investments and other assets
Total assets
Total current liabilities
Total long-term liabilities
(Non-controlling interests)
Total net assets
¥194,723 202,190 211,449 224,407 250,753 265,355 289,610 289,622
310,401
336,861
Number of employees
 ¥277,553
¥332,418
¥68,015
¥677,986
¥269,025
¥214,238
¥22,527
261,587
324,732
68,474
654,793
246,473
206,130
23,033
281,701
313,945
65,866
661,512
249,701
200,362
24,048
284,417
313,949
66,599
664,965
267,391
173,167
24,472
287,399
323,717
74,768
685,884
250,936
184,195
34,736
296,538
332,416
71,761
700,715
257,958
177,402
23,077
282,816
347,438
81,292
711,546
239,500
182,436
25,718
276,925
323,800
79,058
679,783
233,256
156,905
22,463
295,041
331,443
82,895
709,379
245,828
153,150
23,179
323,400
334,262
85,467
743,129
253,098
153,170
20,837
            Per share data5 (yen)
Other data Number of
consolidated subsidiaries
  Net income, primary
Cash dividends applicable to the period
Net assets
Return on sales (ROS) (%)
Return on assets (ROA)6 (%)
Shares of common stock issued5 (thousands)
Number of shareholders with voting rights
 ¥ 11.59
¥ 4.00
¥ 170.92
4.6
4.8
1,009,165
65
60,202
11,264
8.17
4.00
177.88
5.0
4.4
1,009,165
67
59,232
11,108
17.18
5.00
186.02
7.2
7.2
1,009,165
66
57,537
11,026
22.85
5.00
198.41
7.2
7.2
1,009,165
67
55,407
11,081
8.22
5.00
214.35
4.8
4.8
1,009,165
67
57,243
11,090
12.16
5.00
228.51
3.8
3.6
1,062,001
65
58,873
11,225
13.85
5.00
248.89
3.8
3.8
1,062,001
71
64,449
10,702
18.06
5.00
251.90
6.5
6.5
1,062,001
68
52,977
10,764
22.85
6.00
270.76
5.7
5.5
1,062,001
70
51,769
10,928
301.65
75.00
3,002.86
7.2
7.6
106,200
70
56,754
10,799
           Notes: 5. The Company consolidated every 10 shares into one share, effective October 1, 2017.
6. ROA = (Operating profit + Interest and dividend income + Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method) / Average total assets
57

 58
Business and Other Risks
Business Risks
The following presents the business and other risks of the UBE Group that could materially affect investor decisions.
These factors may adversely affect the Group’s results and financial position. The Group accordingly endeavors to recognize, avoid, or prevent these risks, address issues when they materialize, and seek to optimize risk transfers and crisis management.
The following statements include forward- looking information that represents manage- ment’s judgment as of March 31, 2018, and does not encompass all business and other risks.
(1) Raw Materials and Fuel Market Trends
The UBE Group may be unable to pass on in
a timely manner, through product pricing, the impacts of rising prices for principal raw materi- als and ongoing high procurement costs for coal. Specifically, international market conditions and trends in the prices of crude oil, naphtha, and other commodities influence the costs of principal raw materials used by the Chemicals segment. The continuing high costs for coal procured overseas, which the Group uses
for cement production and in-house power generation, contribute to this risk factor.
(2) Chemical Business Earnings
Worsening supply and demand owing to economic fluctuations or expansion of other companies production capacity could cause the product supply-and-demand climate to deteriorate and lead to market stagnation or significantly narrower spreads.
Information technology (IT), digital appli- ance, and other product areas that experience fast generational changes could experience slower sales because of our inability to swiftly match customer needs, or demand could fall for IT products that are particularly susceptible to market fluctuations.
(3) Pharmaceutical Business Earnings
The pharmaceutical business covers the UBE Group manufacturing pharmaceutical bulk ingredients and intermediates under contract to pharmaceuticals companies and engaging in drug discovery independently or jointly with
such companies. Such factors unique to pharmaceuticals as an inability to obtain regula- tory approval for new drugs, the withdrawal of approval, or the launches of generics after patent periods end could affect this business.
(4) Domestic Cement Demand
Domestic demand for cement, a key offering of the Cement & Construction Materials segment,
is likely to increase for the time being owing to demand related to the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games and other factors. However,
if there were a rapid decrease in public investment and private-sector capital investment, this could cause the volume of cement sold to decrease, leading to downward pressure on earnings. Accordingly, the UBE Group has taken such steps as maintenance of production levels through exports, expansion of resource-recycling waste treatment within the cement production process (a fee is charged for the acceptance of waste to be recycled), and various cost reductions. However, if demand were to continue declining for a certain period it may have an impact on
this business.
(5) Machinery Business Earnings
Although the UBE Group endeavors to expand earnings from this business in the global market, centered on emerging markets, which are experi- encing ongoing growth, it could experience lower prices from intensified competition and higher raw materials and construction costs.
(6) Financial Market Fluctuations
The UBE Group uses forward exchange con- tracts, interest rate swaps, and other hedging transactions to minimize the risks of foreign exchange and interest rate fluctuations. Financial market fluctuations exceeding projections, how- ever, could materially affect the Group. Overseas subsidiaries are exposed to exchange rate fluc- tuations when converting amounts into yen, as they produce their financial statements in local currencies.
(7) Overseas Business Activities
Overseas businesses are exposed to risks of unforeseen changes in laws and regulations, as well as economic, social, and political risks, which could hamper operations.

 (8) Intellectual Property and Product Liability
Impediments to the conduct of the UBE Group’s business activities may arise in cases where intellectual property rights have been unlawfully infringed, disputes arise owing to alleged viola- tions of third-party intellectual property rights,
or product recalls or compensation for damages arise owing to Group product defects.
(9) Industrial Accidents and Disasters
A major industrial accident or significant damage to production facilities from a disaster at an UBE Group plant handling hazardous materials or high- pressure gas could lead to spending on disaster remediation, lost opportunities from production downtimes, or compensation to customers, and could also erode public trust. Accidents or disas- ters affecting suppliers of crucial raw materials
for the Group could impede its business activities.
(10) Public Regulations
The modification or reinforcement of national or regional laws, rules, and regulations, or the appli- cation of new regulations could restrict the UBE Group’s business activities, increase compliance costs, or necessitate accounting or tax response to regulations.
(11) Asbestos
In the past, the UBE Group manufactured and sold products containing asbestos, and also used it as a construction material in its plant facilities. In order to eliminate asbestos from plant facilities, the Group plans to institute a series of complete or partial changes of facilities, for which certain expenditures are expected until the changes are complete. Moreover, an increase in employees receiving workers’ compensation, lawsuits, and efforts to further strengthen regulations related
to health hazards of employees (including retired employees) or residents in the vicinity of the plants could occur.
(12) Litigation
Although the UBE Group works to ensure legal compliance, it may be subject to litigation within its extensive business activities. Principal lawsuits in which the Group is currently involved are sum- marized below. The Group is unable to speculate on the final outcome or the timing of the final outcome of these lawsuits at the present time.
Since May 2008, workers engaged in con- struction work and the families of deceased work- ers have pursued litigation against the Japanese government and some 40 construction materials manufacturers, including consolidated subsidiary UBE Board Co., Ltd. The plaintiffs allege that they or their deceased family members contracted asbestos-related diseases from inhaling asbestos particles contained in building materials that were used on construction sites, and are jointly suing for compensation for damages. In judgments handed down to date, all claims against UBE Board have been dismissed. At present, there are 11 cases pending at the Japanese Supreme Court and other courts nationwide. The maxi- mum damages being sought by plaintiffs total ¥23.0 billion.
(13) Write-Down Due to Decreased Profitability of Inventories
The UBE Group may write down the book values of the relevant inventories if fuel and raw material purchase prices rise, fixed manufacturing costs rise, and production volumes and selling prices decrease.
(14) Impairment of Fixed Assets
With regard to fixed assets held by the UBE Group, in the event of a decline in earnings owing to a marked deterioration in the operating envi- ronment or a sharp depreciation in real estate val- ues, the Group may recognize impairment losses.
(15) Marketable Securities
Most of the UBE Group’s holdings of securities are shares of listed companies, and the Group could post impairment losses if market valuations decline.
(16) Retirement Benefit Liabilities
The UBE Group’s retirement benefit liabilities and payments may rise if discount rates used in actu- arial calculations decline or if returns on pension fund assets decrease.
(17) Deferred Tax Assets
The UBE Group assesses the probability of recov- ering deferred tax assets based on projections of future taxable income and other factors. Deferred tax asset reversals may be necessary if actual taxable income differs from projections.
59

Network
(As of March 31, 2018)
Overseas Offices
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal Poligono El Serrallo, 12100 Grao de Castellon, Spain
Phone: +34-964-738000
UBE Europe GmbH
Immermannhof, Immermannstr. 65B, D-40210 Düsseldorf,
Germany
Phone: +49-211-17883-0
UBE America Inc.
261 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10016,
U.S.A.
Phone: +1-212-551-4700
UBE Chemicals (Asia)
Public Company Limited
18th Floor, Sathorn Square Office Tower,
No. 98 North Sathorn Road,
Silom Sub-District, Bangrak District, Bangkok 10500,
Thailand
Phone: +66-2206-9300
THAI SYNTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED
18th Floor, Sathorn Square Office Tower, No. 98 North Sathorn Road,
Silom Sub-District, Bangrak District, Bangkok 10500, Thailand
Phone: +66-2206-9300
UBE (Shanghai) Ltd.
Room 2403,
Shanghai International Trade Centre, Yan’an West Road 2201,
Changning District, Shanghai 200336, China
Phone: +86-21-6273-2288
UBE TAIWAN CO.,LTD.
Room 303, 3F, No. 205, Dunhua N. Rd., Taipei 105, Taiwan
Phone: +886-2-8712-7600
UBE KOREA CO.,LTD.
2nd Floor, Donghoon Tower, 317, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu,
Seoul 06151,
Korea
Phone: +82-2-557-7590
UBE Singapore Pte.Ltd.
150 Beach Road #20-05, Gateway West, Singapore 189720 Phone: +65-6291-9363
UBE INDUSTRIES INDIA
PRIVATE LIMITED
Office No. 304, 3rd Floor,
Times Tower, M.G. Road, Sector-28, Gurgaon 122001, Haryana,
India
Phone: +91-124-422-7801~03
UBE Latin America Servicos Ltda.
Rua Iguatemi, 192-13th Floor, Room 134, CEP 01451-010, Itaim Bibi, São Paulo, SP, Brazil
Phone: +55-11-3078-5424
Net Sales
Country Currency 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
 Major Consolidated Subsidiaries
Manufacture and sales of caprolactam, ammonium sulfate, nylon, and fine chemical products
Manufacture and sales of caprolactam, ammonium sulfate, and nylon
Manufacture and sales of polybutadiene rubber
Manufacture and sales of 1,6-Hexanediol (HDL) and 1,5-Pentanediol (PDL)
Manufacture and sales of ammonia and industrial gases Manufacture and sales of plastic film products
Manufacture and sales of polypropylene molded products, fibers, and fiber-reinforced plastics
Manufacture and sales of magnesia clinker, quicklime, slaked lime, etc.
Domestic shipping, harbor transportation, shipping-agent services, and customs clearing
Sales of cement, ready-mixed concrete, building materials, etc.
Sales of building materials, public works materials, etc. Manufacture and sales of ready-mixed concrete
Manufacture and sales of ready-mixed concrete, concrete piles, and self-leveling materials
Manufacture and sales of and services for molding machines, industrial machinery, and bridges, etc.
Manufacture and sales of cast iron and steel products and rolled steel billets
Manufacture and sales of and services for molding machines
Manufacture of molding machines, and sales of and services for molding machines and industrial machinery
Sales of imported coal from Australia, Indonesia, and Russia
Spain
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Japan Japan Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan Japan
Japan
Japan
Japan
U.S.A.
China
Japan
EUR million
THB billion
THB billion
THB billion
JPY billion JPY billion JPY billion
JPY billion
JPY billion
JPY billion
JPY billion JPY billion
JPY billion JPY billion JPY billion
USD million
RMB million
JPY billion
350.4* 314.6 332.2
Company Name
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal*
UBE Chemicals (Asia) Public Company Limited
THAI SYNTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED
UBE Fine Chemicals (Asia) Co.,Ltd.
UBE Ammonia Industry, Ltd. UBE Film, Ltd.
UBE EXSYMO CO., LTD.
UBE Material Industries, Ltd. UBE Shipping & Logistics, Ltd.
UBE Construction Materials Sales Co., Ltd.
Sanshin Tsusho Co., Ltd.
Kanto Ube Holdings Co., Ltd. (And 4 Other Subsidiaries)
Hagimori Industries, Ltd.
UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd.
UBE Steel Co., Ltd UBE Machinery Inc.
UBE Machinery (Shanghai) Ltd.
UBE COAL TRADING, LTD.
Business
  11.6 3.5 0.7 13.0
9.2 12.4
38.9
21.2
56.2
19.6 14.6
3.3
45.0
16.7
64.7
109.8
29.6
11.6 12.6 4.3 4.7 0.9 1.1
13.7 13.7 9.5 9.7 12.7 13.3
44.1 45.5
20.6 18.8
55.9 59.6
17.4 23.0 12.7 14.8
3.2 3.2 40.6 44.1 17.4 21.2 60.0 69.0
120.3 124.9 23.5 28.8
                 * UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal, UBE Chemical Europe, S.A. Unipersonal, and UBE Engineering Plastics, S.A. Unipersonal merged at the end of March 2016. Figures are a simple aggregation of the three companies.
Company Name
UMG ABS, Ltd.
UBE-MARUZEN POLYETHYLENE Co., Ltd. Chiba Butadiene Industry Company, Limited Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber SDN. BHD. SUMaterials Co., Ltd.
UBE-MITSUBISHI CEMENT CORPORATION
Business Country
 Major Equity-Method Affiliates
Business pertaining to ABS resin and ABS polymer alloy products
Development, production, and sales of low-density polyethylene and HAO-LLDPE Manufacture and sales of butadiene
Manufacture and sales of polybutadiene rubber (synthetic rubber)
Production of polyimide for substrates to be used in next-generation displays Sales of cement, soil-stabilizing cement, slag, etc.
Japan Japan Japan
Malaysia Korea Japan
      60

  Investor Information
(As of March 31, 2018)
Ube Industries, Ltd.
Head Office Tokyo Head Office (General Affairs & Human Resources Office CSR & General Affairs Dept.)
Ube Head Office
Establishment
Consolidated Companies
Fiscal Year
Common Stock
Paid-in Capital
Number of Shareholders with Voting Rights Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting Stock Exchange Listings
Transfer Agent and Share Registrar
Independent Auditors
Seavans North Bldg., 1-2-1, Shibaura, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8449, Japan Phone: +81-3-5419-6112
Fax: +81-3-5419-6237
1978-96, Kogushi, Ube, Yamaguchi 755-8633, Japan Phone: +81-836-31-2111
Fax: +81-836-21-2252
1897
94 (70 consolidated subsidiaries and 24 equity-method affiliates)
April 1 to March 31
Outstanding: 106,200,107 shares
¥58.4 billion
56,754
June
Tokyo Stock Exchange (Code: 4208) Fukuoka Stock Exchange
           Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation, 1-4-5, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8212
 Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
  Major Shareholders
Shareholder
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account No.9)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account No.5)
SUMITOMO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
BBH BOSTON CUSTODIAN FOR BLACKROCK GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND, INC. 620313 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account No.4)
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. (Investment Trust Collateral Account)
Nippon Life Insurance Company
Share Units Owned
6,623,500 6,330,000 2,540,532 2,412,000 2,015,900 2,000,000 1,881,750 1,772,300 1,605,000 1,600,009
Percentage of Voting Rights (%)
6.29 6.01 2.41 2.29 1.92 1.90 1.79 1.68 1.53 1.52
            Foreign Companies, etc. 32.83%
Individuals and Others 18.76%
 Shareholder Composition
The UBE Group publishes information for its stakeholders on its website.
Please refer to the websites on the right for additional data and information on activities and products not covered in this report.
Securities Companies 4.86%
Corporate Information
Other Domestic Companies 4.08%
http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/
Financial Institutions 39.47%
 Shareholder and Investor Information
    Management policies, finances, results, and shareholder information and IR materials are available in the Investor Relations section of the UBE Group’s website:
http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/corporate/
Product Information
UBE Group product information is available in the Products section of the UBE Group’s website.
http://www.ube.com/contents/en/
CSR Activities
Environment & safety, corporate social responsibility (CSR), and compliance information are available in the CSR Activities section of the UBE Group’s website.
http://www.ube-ind.co.jp/ube/en/csr/
    61

   Tokyo Head Office (Finance & Investor Relations Dept.)
Seavans North Bldg., 1-2-1, Shibaura, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8449, Japan
Phone: +81-3-5419-6116
Fax: +81-3-5419-6234
Ube Head Office
1978-96, Kogushi, Ube, Yamaguchi 755-8633, Japan Phone: +81-836-31-2111
Fax: +81-836-21-2252
URL: https://www.ube.com
Responsible Care
August 2018 Printed in Japan
   