  Global Product Supply Structure of the Chemicals Company
The Chemicals Company maintains production facilities in Spain and Thailand for caprolactam, nylon, fine chemicals, and other products. These products are supplied mainly to the European, Asian, and Latin American markets.
     Spain
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal (UCE)
In 1993, we invested in a caprolactam manufactur- ing company in Spain that later became a wholly    Other 16%
Fine chemicals 9%
Ammonium sulfate 18%
Major Products
(Net Sales in Fiscal 2017)
Other 3% Ammonium sulfate 21%
Caprolactam 26%
   Nylon resin / compound 31%
Caprolactam 26%
Growth Strategy
Nylon resin / compound 50%
   The company maintains a stable supply of high-quality products based on UBE’s technologies and know-how, and is expanding its nylon produc- tion capacity to expand sales to the Americas and other markets in the Atlantic region.
Supplies products matching local needs in the Southeast Asian market and expands production capacity according to market growth.
 Characteristics of Major Products in Each Region
        The company is one of Europe’s top manufacturers, with strengths in packaging film applications for meats and other food products.
The company is Spain’s sole manufacturer of this product, which is mainly sold in Europe and in Latin America.
Nylon
Caprolactam
Ammonium sulfate
The company possesses strengths in both extrusion molding and automotive compounds.
The company is Southeast Asia’s sole manufacturer of this product, which is mainly sold in this region.
Demand for this product is strong as fertilizer in Thailand, which has a strong agricultural industry.
The product is also sold in other Southeast Asian countries.
                Rayong • Thailand
 The company accounts for 80% of Spanish production of this product, which it mostly sells as fertilizer for orange and olive groves, primarily in Spain and also in Latin
America.
       30
 
  Initiatives to Create Value and Drive Sustainable Growth
Business Strategies of Pharmaceutical
Medium-Term Management Plan Policies
• Bolster our in-house drug R&D pipeline and lifecycle management.
• Overhaul operational management to
address changes in the manufacturing climate (in-house, contract, and generics) and needs.
Principal Products and Businesses
Pharmaceuticals
(Active ingredients, intermediates)
Opportunities
Strengths
• We have drawn on the technologies we have amassed as a chemicals company to undertake independent drug discovery research that emphasizes efficiency and speed.
• We can leverage our ample contract manufac- turing experience to harness our capabilities in organic synthesis and industrialization to meet customer needs.
Business Strategies for Fiscal 2018
In the pharmaceutical business, we aim to transform our operations and stabilize earnings to meet unmet medical and other needs. In drug discovery research, we will pursue efficient and speedy R&D, selecting themes on the basis of value and differentiation. We will also enhance our PDCA cycles in exploring the fruits of research and will flexibly allocate human resources. We aim to develop new drugs with phar- maceuticals while seeking opportunities to generate drug discovery seeds from the fruits of independent research in line with the needs of global pharmaceu- ticals manufacturers.
To manufacture and sell active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, we will reinforce our marketing structure to secure new business opportu- nities, including for generic active pharmaceutical ingredients. We will take advantage of the quality control element of good manufacturing practices and our technological development capabilities relating
to organic synthesis, industrialization, and active pharmaceutical ingredients that we have accumu- lated over the years. We will also balance high quality and price competitiveness by harnessing manufac- turing facilities that can handle an array of chemical reactions while bolstering our domestic and interna- tional supply chain, which includes our contractors.
      • In-house pharmaceuticals • Contract pharmaceuticals • Generics
  • Pharmaceuticals manufacturers are reinforcing their new drug pipelines by broadly exploring and deploying external drug discovery seeds.
• These manufacturers are focusing on drug discovery R&D by outsourcing the development of active pharmaceutical ingredient and production technologies.
Challenges
• Bolster our pipeline of differentiated drug dis- covery seeds to maximize drug discovery value and increase success rates.
• Strengthen contract manufacturing for new drugs and active pharmaceutical ingredient marketing for generics, thereby lowering costs and solidifying our earnings platform.
  Calblock®
Effient®
      Yasushi Konno
General Manager of Pharmaceutical Div.
Talion®
  We will resolutely and swiftly pursue customer satisfaction in keeping with our commitment to enhancing
the quality of life through pharmaceuticals.
ESG-Related Initiatives
• We will leverage R&D, production, and supply of outstanding pharmaceuticals to contribute to the health of
people everywhere by delivering technology solutions that are essential to manufacturing pharmaceuticals.
31
                