ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Human Resources
  At UBE, we consider employees our most important resource for creating value and supporting sustainable growth. We therefore devote considerable attention to human resources development and endeavor to enhance our programs to ensure that all employees can lead fulfilling lives.
  Personnel System
UBE maintains a personnel system in which it clari- fies what it expects of employees and impartially evaluates individual effort. We seek to ensure that employees therefore fully understand what they need to do and create workplaces that are chal- lenging and motivating for all our employees.
implemented flextime, half days off, and other pro- grams as part of our commitment to encouraging a healthy work–life balance for our employees.
Employees
Expected roles
Self-driven and personally responsible
Establish a vision
Human resources ideal
Company
Abilities management
System
Childbirth leave
Childcare leave
Family nursing leave
Child nursing leave
Shortened working time
Description
Employees whose spouses have given birth can take four days of paid leave.
Leave can be taken until the day before the child’s first birthday (or the child’s second birthday, in certain circumstances).
The first seven days of leave are fully paid.
Employees can take leave to provide nursing care for family members
(up to a total of 365 days).
Employees can take leave to nurse children in the third grade of elemen- tary school or younger. (Five days per child can be taken each year,
up to a maximum of ten days a year.)
Employees can use this leave in half-day units.
The working hours of employees caring for children in the third grade of elementary school or younger or nursing family members can be short- ened by up to two hours per day.
Usage of Main Work–Life Balance System (Fiscal 2017)
Number of
Employees Who Used It
113
81.3% of those eligible
79
including 70 men
0
4
including 3 men
16
including 0 men
            44
Human Resources Development
 We augment on-the-job training, workshops and other off-the-job training, and self-improvement support programs with systems that empower our employees to perform at their best in an array of businesses and in an increasingly global operating climate. A good example is the Career Develop- ment Sheets that employees prepare every year, based on which they can discuss their prospects with supervisors. We rotate employees through posts to broaden their perspectives and expertise. We upgrade off-the-job training, including work- shops, in keeping with specific business needs to keep pace with changes in the operating climate.
Respect for Human Rights
The UBE Group Action Guidelines for Business Conduct state our commitment to respecting individuals while fostering mutual understanding and eliminating discrimination. We established the Human Rights Education Committee, which offers executive training and training opportunities to employees by business site and job classification and draws on e-learning tools in its programs.
All members of the Group endeavor to fully respect human rights in every aspect of our operations.
Enhancing Work Style Reform
Work style reform is an important management priority. We are accordingly reviewing Company- wide approaches to ensure high productivity and enhance the skills of all employees. We have
An external expert lectures at a seminar on enhancing work style reform
    Annual Paid Vacation Usage
67%
70%
74%
 61%
64%
 2013 2014 2015 2016
2017 (FY)
Diversity Initiatives
Diversity is a key priority for UBE’s management. We accordingly seek to build a corporate culture that respects individuality and broad perspectives and treasures creativity and ambition.
Percentage of Employees with Disabilities
Hiring Breakdown
Number of People
As of March 31, 2018, 7.3% of parent company employees were women, up from 7.0% a year ear- lier. Females represented 1.5% of our manage- ment pool, up from 1.4% a year earlier. In fiscal 2016, we launched a three-year action plan based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace. The plan encompasses the following three benchmarks to provide greater opportunities for female employees and encourage males to engage more in family life.
(1) Women representing at least 20% of new grad-
uate hires for generalist positions
(2) A paid vacation usage rate of 70% or more
(3) At least 30% of eligible male employees taking
childcare leave
As part of our efforts to be more inclusive for
women, we have increased the number of female employees at our factories and overseas. Women are increasingly vital to our operations.
A female employee giving guidance to a new employee at one of our factories
A female employee overseeing operating plant equipment at one of our factories
(%)
Statutory
rate 2.05 2.0
2.44 2.41
 We endeavor to attract and retain diverse talent as part of efforts to overcome the looming chal- lenges of a declining labor force and a changing business climate.
We recruit people from a wide range of back- grounds without regard to such factors as national- ity or gender and provide work environments in which they can fulfill their potential.
2.18 2.08
  2013 2014
2015 2016
2017 (FY)
Addressing the Gender Gap
 Fiscal Year 2015
New graduate hires
(generalist positions) 46 (12)
Hires of non-Japanese nationals 2 (2)
2016 42 (9)
43 (5)
34 (2)
2 (0)
1 (1)
2017 46 (10)
63 (9) 12 (1) 2 (1) 2 (2)
4% 4% 3%
  New graduate hires
(key employee positions)
17 (2) Mid-career hires 53 (4) Hires with disabilities 5 (0)
    Numbers in parentheses are the number of female hires.
Employee Turnover in First Three Years
Joined in April 2013 Joined in April 2014 Joined in April 2015
Employing Non-Japanese Nationals
    Our domestic employees need to engage increas- ingly with their overseas colleagues amid the increasingly global nature of our business, and we accordingly hire foreign nationals to work in Japan so Japanese can acquaint themselves with differ- ent business and cultural practices.
Rehiring Retirees
We are making our workplaces more conducive to rehiring employees who have reached the standard retirement age so they can continue to share their experience and skills. We rehired 78.1% of new retirees in fiscal 2017.
Recruiting People with Disabilities
We do much to foster the employment of people with disabilities, and maintain the UBE Group Support Network for Employment of People with Disabilities. Through it, we place individuals within the Group through Libertas Ube, Ltd., a special- purpose subsidiary that we established in 1991.
  45