   Human Resource Development
Related SDGs
By strengthening the potential of human resources and developing the workplace environment to realize our corporate philosophy, we will build an organization
in which employees can succeed.
Work-Life Balance and Diversity
Tamron pursues a number of initiatives with the aim of achieving a healthy work-life balance for its employees.
We believe it is crucial to develop support systems that help employees achieve a balance between raising children and work. As a part of these efforts, Tamron Kids Day-Care Center has been established in parallel with our head office, and is available to the local community as well as employees.
Parents’ observation day
Day-care times cover an extra hour on each side of working times, with extensions also available. Day-care for sick children is also supported. Due to the opening of the in-house day-care center, the number of employees awaiting vacancies at local day-care centers has decreased, allowing employees to return from childcare leave earlier.
One hundred percent of female Tamron employees in Japan who have had a child have made use of leave before and after childbirth and the parental leave systems and subsequently returned to work. Employees can make use of the reduced working hours scheme until up to the end of April when their child is in the fourth year of elementary school.
Japan requires companies to maintain a 2.2% hiring ratio for people with disabilities, and in FY2019 Tamron again exceeded this ratio at 2.5%. Through these initiatives, Tamron has met the standards set forth in the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-generation Children, and had also been awarded the “Kurumin Mark,” which is given to companies that promote a childcare-friendly workplace. Tamron has also been certified as a “Platinum +” company practicing diverse work styles as part of the Saitama Womenomics Project being promoted in Saitama Prefecture, where our head office is located.
Health and Productivity Management
Tamron promotes health and productivity management based on its policy of “endeavoring to protect the lives, mental health and physical wellbeing of employees.” By striving to develop a workplace in which employees can engage in fulfilling work in good physical and mental health, we believe employees will be able to demonstrate their full potential and allow Tamron to deliver products and services that provide society with excitement and security.
In terms of initiatives to promote mental and physical health, we commission outside contractors to conduct mental health diagnoses for all permanent and non-permanent employees twice a year (implementation rate of 95.7% in August 2019). Employees undergoing the diagnoses include those dispatched overseas. Additionally, for each age group, job type and division, we identify issues in terms of management, workplace unity and job satisfaction, brief the Management Meeting based on a report compiled each time, and endeavor to make improvements.
In recognition of these efforts, in 2020 Tamron was certified under the 2020 Certified Health & Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program (Major Corporation Category) for the first time.
Moving forward, we will continue to promote health and productivity management to advance the health of all employees, who represent the driving force behind the growth of Tamron.
Improving productivity
Tamron conducts operations with an awareness of productivity. In the Productivity Improvement Project, we reviewed the way working hours are used with the aim of improving the speed and quality of the work performed.
Additionally, based on the policy that “work an hour less and achieve even more than before: therein lies progress in how people work,” for 2020 we have set the goal of reducing company-wide overtime by 10% compared with the previous year. If we aim to make bold reductions to overtime hours all at once, this could place an increased burden on employees and have a negative effect on deliverables. With the aim of steadily enhancing productivity a little at a time, we have set the clear-cut numerical target of a 10% year-on-year reduction. Each week we utilize RPA to send automated emails to all employees who use PCs to inform them of their overtime hours for the same month in the previous year and their cumulative overtime hours in the current month. This is designed to raise their awareness of their own working hours and productivity.
Basic Approach
To realize our corporate philosophy, it is necessary to build an organization in which each employee can demonstrate their full potential while striving to boost productivity. To develop an organization in which employees can excel, Tamron works to “strengthen the potential of human resources” by making improvements to the workplace environment such as promoting a healthy work-life balance, diversity and health & productivity management, and through improvements to personnel systems such as human resource development and personnel evaluations.
Tiered and occupation-specific training
We conduct tiered training from employee induction training all the way to senior managers, and also offer occupation-specific training to enhance specialization in technical or administrative job types.
For occupation-specific training aimed at engineers, we start with courses on technical basics and branch out to courses on various technical themes including basic optics, optical measurement technologies and analysis technologies. The courses can be voluntarily attended by employees from outside a division that the training is designed for, providing opportunities for engineers to acquire a broad range of knowledge related to Tamron technologies and allowing the addition of new training that caters to employee needs as the occasion dictates. In this way, Tamron maintains a high level of job motivation among staff and endeavors to enhance the environment that cultivates talented human resources.
Personnel evaluations
Post Qualification System
and the Evaluation Process
In April 2019, we revised the previous occupational grading system and introduced a positional grading system for management-level employees. The positional grading system determines grades and compensation based on positional classifications (positions) according to the level of responsibility and difficulty to be fulfilled as required by management, irrespective of seniority or ability. Based on the positions defined for each grade, goals appropriate for those positions are set at the beginning of each period. Feedback is provided through daily business duties through the period, and at the end of the period the employee’s achievements are evaluated to determine their compensation. Through this system, employees themselves set goals that include challenges and innovation appropriate to their position, build a consensus with their supervisor, and go through the process of evaluation at the end of the period. In keeping with this system, supervisors support the daily growth of their subordinates to maximize their potential, and links these advancements with human resource development.
Employees who have developed a degree of occupational skills are offered two career tracks under the positional grading system, the “manager course” or “professional course.” In this way, each individual can attain a working style that fits their aptitude and intentions.
   Achieving
our corporate philosophy
  Employee empowermentDemonstrating capabilitiesImproving productivityStrengthening the potential of human resourcesHuman resource developmentPersonnel evaluations
 Improvements to
the workplace environment
   Work-life balance
Diversity
Human Resource Development
Job-specific hiring
People with dreams who continue to take on challenges ̶ these are the kinds of people we want to work together with at Tamron.
At Tamron, we recruit human resources by first clarifying what department, what job and what kind of work we will allocate to people, and this applies to new graduate hires in addition to mid-career recruitment. This approach not only avoids situations where an employee ends up assigned to work that is different from what they imagined once they enter the company, but also reflects the emphasis placed on individual career plans. We believe this is very important to ensure that employees will continue to be passionate about their jobs and demonstrate their potential.
Health & productivity management
  29 Tamron Integrated Report 2020
Tamron Integrated Report 2020 30