Epson CEO Message Corporate Vision Value Proposition Financial Integrated Report 2021 Strategies
Lifestyle Innovation
Utilize craftsmanship and co-create solutions that utilize sensing technologies to enrich diverse lifestyles
Value Creation Strategy
Sustainability Management
Value Creation Platforms
Fact Data                 Goal
Watches
  Utilize Efficient, Compact, and Precision Technologies and Craftsmanship to Co-create Solutions that Enrich Diverse Lifestyles
 Masashi Hayashi
Chief Operating Officer,
Wearable Products Operations Division
Fiscal 2020 Summary
Revenue declined significantly amid the economic impacts of the protracted pandemic. The impacts included a slump in inbound tourist demand and retail restrictions under successive states of emergency.
Under the program of structural reform, we reduced labor costs, tightened investment controls, streamlined business operations, and consolidated overseas sites.
Enrich lifestyles
The watch market remains challenging. Though valued at ¥7 trillion, the market shrank by around 20% because of the pandemic. Meanwhile, lifestyles and values have further diversified. By delivering watch brands that resonate with these new and diverse lifestyles, we can help improve the quality of life.
We can achieve this task by using our key assets: our efficient, compact, and precision technologies and craftsmanship. With these assets, we can create sophisticated watches that resonate with our audience, touching deep into their hearts and leaving a lasting emotional impact.
Few other companies make watches entirely in-house, from quartz crystal materials to the finished product. This means we can create unique value if we remain true to our technological ethos and committed to efficiency.
However, since the market needs more time to recover, we must also maintain our program of structural reform. Launched in fiscal 2019, this program includes measures such as revamping the product lineup and tightening profitability controls. These efforts have started bearing fruit, and we want the reforms to go even further. We have also started using digital marketing to create more opportunities to directly interact with customers. This expanded customer interface will enable us to co-create products with customers.
Seiko Business
• Enrich diverse lifestyles by providing sophisticated, emotionally resonant products using efficient, compact, and precision technologies and craftsmanship
           Business Area / Objectives
Societal Issues / Business Environment
• Lifestyle diversification
Epson’s Strengths / Value Proposition
 41
  