Epson CEO Message Corporate Vision Value Proposition Financial Value Creation Sustainability Value Creation Fact Data Integrated Report 2021 Strategies Strategy Management Platforms
Respecting Human Rights and Promoting Diversity             􏰌􏰋􏰊􏰊􏰉􏰈􏰋
Human Resource Development
Epson established a human resources development policy in 1996 and has put a lot of effort into professional development. We provide training so that our people understand their roles and what is expected of them as members of the Epson team. Training enables them to work and communicate effectively, solve problems and achieve goals, and experience personal and professional growth.
Epson seeks to achieve the goals of Epson 25 Renewed by putting itself in the best position to adapt to changes in business strategies and the business environment and by acquiring specialists, allocating personnel to growth areas, and developing leaders in each organization around the globe to drive business forward. Once a year in each business, function, and company, we evaluate and refine the roles and requirements for key positions and jobs, review the human resources who can accomplish those roles, and establish succession plans. We also list up candidates for future executive management positions, middle management positions, and global positions, provide them with training, and expand their knowledge and experience through job rotation.
 Taro Shigemoto
Director, Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Human Resources Division / Health Management Office
Our goal under the Epson 25 Renewed corporate vision is co-creating sustainability and enriching communities to connect people, things, and information by leveraging our efficient, compact, and precision technologies and digital technologies. To do so, our people around the globe who work in everything from planning to sales and marketing must join forces with partners worldwide to solve societal issues. Epson is developing its global human resources and leaders who respect human rights, share a common set of values, and can quickly make the right decisions. We are working to create an environment that is amendable to a diverse workforce and to foster an organizational climate that encourages free and open communication so that we can maximize team and organization performance. Through these actions, we will aim to achieve sustainability and enrich communities.
Improving the Organizational Climate
Go to website for details
Epson Group Human Resources Development Policy https://global.epson.com/company/epson_way/ principle/human_policy.html
Epson has conducted an annual employee survey since 2005. Renewed and renamed the Organizational Climate Assessment in 2020, the survey seeks to improve the quality of relationships by creating an environment that encourages free and constructive communication and to foster an organizational climate where both employees and the company can continue to grow. Managers analyze the survey results to find out the state of the organizational climate. They incorporate measures in action plans to address issues, improve the organizational climate, and build stronger organizations. Epson began working in 2020 to improve team and organization performance, as this has been an area where scores have been low despite it being an important factor for improving the quality of relationships. Managers set specific action plans and targets, and they implement activities to achieve them. To support management’s efforts, the divisions hold meetings for manager discussions. These discussions provide insights into underlying problems and encourage behavioral changes. In addition, Epson has set up an advisory service and
arranges mentors for less experienced managers.
To encourage executive management to take the initiative in
changing the organizational climate, Epson has made
organizational management and harassment prevention efforts a
component of selection and dismissal decisions, as well as
compensation evaluations.
We seek to create a satisfying work environment and toward that
end are driving organizational climate innovations that include
programs to address things such as health and productivity,
diversity, and harassment prevention.
 Organizational Climate Assessment
Completion rate 1 Satisfaction 2 92.5% / 92.0%
 Team & organization performance 3
FY2020 FY2021 second half 3.62 3.7
65
1 Seiko Epson regular employees and employees rehired after reaching mandatory retirement
Percentage of respondents who rated their satisfaction 3 or higher on a 5-point scale
2
3 Organizational Climate Assessment company average
                        Epson CEO Message Corporate Vision Value Proposition Integrated Report 2021
Respecting Human Rights and Promoting Diversity
Fostering a Better Workplace
Work Reforms
Epson has been driving work reforms since 2017. In Phase I (FY2017-2019), we prioritized the optimization of working hours and the prevention of long working hours. In Phase II (FY2020-2022), we have been introducing a wider range of work arrangement options.
Epson recognizes the urgency of creating an environment that is amenable to personnel with diverse needs and is driving long-term initiatives aimed at achieving sustainability and enriching communities.
Financial Value Creation Sustainability Value Creation Fact Data Strategies Strategy Management Platforms
Respecting Human Rights
Epson respects human rights and is serious about keeping all possible forms of discrimination and unfair labor practices out of its operations around the world. This stance is reflected in our participation in the United Nations Global Compact since 2004. In 2005, Epson established Policies regarding Human Rights and Labor Standards, articulating therein Epson’s strong convictions in areas such as respect for human rights, prevention of all forms of harassment and discrimination, respect for local culture and customs, prohibition of child and forced labor, and maintenance of positive labor-management relations. These policies have been communicated internally within the Epson Group and have been disclosed publicly.
Policies regarding Human Rights and Labor Standards are aligned with the following:
     Go to website for details
Statement about Epson’s work goals and work culture https://global.epson.com/SR/our_people/pdf/workplace_01.pdf
Epson referred to the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (2011) and joined the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) in April 2019 to promote CSR in the global supply chain. We practice RBA methods and means to evaluate the conditions in the supply chain and drive improvements (perform human rights due diligence) as needed based on the RBA Code of Conduct. Seiko Epson’s human resources department, working in concert with the HR departments of our global affiliates, guides initiatives to prevent human rights abuses, discrimination, and unjust labor practices under the supervision of the director and executive officer in charge of human resources. Epson, working from its Policies regarding Human Rights and Labor Standards and from the RBA Code of Conduct, has identified human rights risks such as child labor, forced labor, other exploitative labor, workers’rights, labor conditions, discrimination, and harassment as business risks. Accordingly, Seiko Epson and Epson Group companies conduct an annual CSR assessment survey to evaluate and mitigate risks related to things such as human rights, discrimination, and unfair labor. Epson has positioned these human rights initiatives as a key sustainability topic for the Epson Group. Similarly, the socially responsible procurement supervisory department evaluates risks in the supply chain and drives improvement.
We instruct companies and business sites to take action to correct, improve, or mitigate identified risks. The following are examples of human rights risks that have been identified, corrected, improved, or are being addressed.
• United Nations Global Compact • ISO 26000
• OECD Guidelines for Multinational • ILO Core Labor Standards Go to
Epson Group The Policies regarding Human Rights and Labor Standards
https://global.epson.com/company/ epson_way/principle/human_rights.html
Enterprises
website for details
 Concrete Actions
• Introduced more flexible working hours and remote work
• In conjunction with this, re-examined human resource
management and provided manager with support
• Expanded support to those trying to balance work with childcare, nursing responsibilities, or medical treatment
  Annual Total Working Hours Per Employee
(Current as of March 2021)
FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
1,943 hours 1,879 hours 1,848 hours
    • Requiring migrant workers to pay broker and recruitment fees • Agreement process with workers regarding overtime work
to recruitment agencies
• Holding passports that belong to migrant workers
• Long working hours
Epson has set up the Epson Helpline and various other channels that can be used to report harassment, long working hours, and other concerns involving issues such as human rights, discrimination, and unfair labor. All personnel are regularly notified of disciplinary actions and other actions taken by the company in response to incidents of discrimination, unfair labor, harassment and other human rights abuses to raise awareness and to prevent similar incidents in the future. Epson provides whistleblowing systems and support centers that all stakeholders, including customers, investors, and members of local communities, can use to lodge grievances that are then appropriately addressed.
Go to Supply Chain Initiatives https://global.epson.com/SR/supply_chain_csr/initiatives/
website for Whistleblowing Systems and Reporting Channels https://global.epson.com/SR/organizational_governance/system.html#h2_02
details
66
  
                         Epson CEO Message Corporate Vision Value Proposition Financial Value Creation Sustainability Integrated Report 2021 Strategies Strategy Management
Respecting Human Rights and Promoting Diversity
Diversity and Inclusion
Promoting Diversity
Epson’s true customer is the end user, the general public. To enrich their lives, we must understand them and meet their diverse needs. This means that we ourselves must embrace diversity in the workplace. We believe that only with a diverse workforce of people who have respect for one another and who know and practice what is important can we create customer value.
To deliver results that surprise and delight our customers, Epson is working to foster a corporate culture in which all employees can live up to their full potential and, toward that end, is promoting women and foreign employees to management positions and capitalizing on the abilities of seniors and persons with disabilities.
Alleviating the Gender Gap
Epson is promoting diversity and inclusion to enable all employees to maximize their abilities regardless of gender or other attributes. We see the advancement of women in the workplace to be the biggest issue in terms of diversity in Japan.
Our goal is to achieve gender equality and organically have women at each level of management. We want the ratio of women in management to be the same as the ratio of women in our workforce as early as possible. To achieve this, we are taking a stepped approach in which we increase the number of women hired, then the number of women in assistant manager and leader positions, and finally the number of women in management. As part of this, we are creating working conditions that are conducive to women.
Value Creation Platforms
Fact Data
     The plans, their implementation, and related indicators are reviewed by the board of directors and at meetings of the Management Committee, and they discuss and steer the direction.
Message From the President
All Epson employees to be given equal opportunities without regard to gender, sexual orientation, race, nationality, religion, or age. Ideally, we should naturally accept one another’s differences and diversity without the need for thought or debate. To help ensure such acceptance, we launched a Diversity and Inclusion Project. This project team, which reports directly to me, hosts seminars, raises awareness of diversity issues, aids employees who have caregiving responsibilities, and has been involved in revamping the employee promotion system. Epson Sales Japan, a domestic Group company, has set up an advisory unit made up of younger employees and women employees. Their mission is to get executive management to embrace a more diverse range of ideas and opinions. The executive management team is also seeking greater diversity and is actively recruiting a broad range of human resources while also developing talent internally. We want to be a more flexible company, one that values different ideas from a diverse workforce and that capitalizes on those ideas to achieve sustainable growth. Innovative changes are still in their infancy, but we see the promotion of diversity as an important management issue and will continue to drive further advances.
Yasunori Ogawa
  Initiatives to Increase the Number of Women in Management
Sharing
the Importance of Diversity from the Top
Epson has made changes to its promotion test system to provide equal opportunity to employees who are time-constrained due to life events. A total of 38 women have been selected and have completed training as candidates for managerial positions, thus creating a pool of future managers.
Go to website for details
Advancement of Women in the Workplace https://global.epson.com/SR/our_ people/diversity.html#h2_02
  The importance of diversity is explained to Group personnel at half-yearly policy meetings, and the president issues messages to explain company policies and his thoughts on diversity and the promotion of women. Top executives and women employees have been holding round table discussions every year since 2014. In 2020, discussions were held between women employees and the president and an outside director to identify issues. In addition, an outside director gave a talk on the advancement of women in the workplace and a video of the talk was placed on the company intranet.
 Advancement of Women
(Current as
of March 2021)
Seiko Epson
Global 16.1% Global 44.5%
Women Men
20.4 years 18.9 years
 Number of women managers
Percentage of women employees
Average tenure
26 / 3.2%
 Regular, Seiko Epson full time 16.6%
  Seiko Epson
  Number of Employees with Disabilities
(Seiko Epson and Domestic Group Companies)
 (Current as of June 2020)
Number of employees Percentage of workforce
FY2018 FY2019
FY2020
   295 308 317 2.55% 2.62% 2.66%
   67
President and CEO Seiko Epson Corporation
  
                Epson CEO Message Corporate Vision Value Proposition Financial Integrated Report 2021 Strategies
Respecting Human Rights and Promoting Diversity
Health and Productivity Management
Understanding that safety, health, and mental wellbeing are the life of the company, Epson implements action through its health and safety management systems around the world.
In Japan, our health and productivity management programs aim to improve employee health and increase corporate value. We established a mid-range health plan called Health Action 2020 and tied it in with work reform and health insurance association measures and policies. The president of SEC has made free and open communication, enjoyment of work, and changes in the organizational climate priorities. In conjunction with this, Epson established a Health Management Office, publicly announced the Health and Productivity Management Declaration below as a
management commitment, and is strengthening the initiatives of relevant organizations.
As a result of these efforts, Seiko Epson has been recognized by METI and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi under the White 500 program every year since the program was started in 2017.
Outside Japan, we are working continuously to improve employee health in ways that fit the situation at each company. Occupational health and safety laws vary by country and region, so each overseas affiliate manages employee health based on local law.
Value Creation Sustainability Strategy Management
Value Creation Fact Data Platforms   Health Management Organization
Epson Health Management Organization
Epson established a Health Management Office to drive initiatives under the president, who is responsible for health and productivity management. The director of the Health Management Office is an executive officer who participates in Corporate Management Meetings. The office director, who also serves as the general administrative manager of the Human Resources Division, the chair of the Health Insurance Association, and overall safety and health controller, is responsible for the general management of health and productivity.
 Chair
Health Management Office General Administrative Manager (Director, Executive Officer)
Overall Safety and Health ControllerHealth Insurance Association
Health Management Office
Collaboration
(Plants or Offices) General Safety and Health Controller
Safety and Health Committee
 Health and Productivity Management Committee
Health Management Office General Manager Health Insurance Association Managing Director Chief Occupational Physician
 Health Promotion Committee A Health and Productivity Management Committee shoulders responsibility for health and productivity-related information analysis, measures and policies, as well as health evaluations and improvements. The Health and Productivity Management Committee regularly meets to coordinate activities of the health promotion committees, which are led by the company, health insurance association, and employees.
Health and Productivity Management Policies and Indicators
Health Action 2020, a plan that ran from 2016 to 2021, focused on three priority areas: workplace health, physical health, and mental health. The Company promotes workplace health with work arrangements and human resources polices that are designed to energize individuals and organizations and promote productivity. Physical and mental health are the foundation on which workplace health depends. In April 2020, we elected to continue to focus on actions designed to foster a sense of workplace unity, which helps to avoid mental health issues, actions to protect people from passive smoking, and actions to further improve lifestyle habits.Health and Productivity Management Declaration
At Epson, the health of our employees is our top priority.
The company and its employees will work together to create an enjoyable and dynamic work- place environment to ensure the physical and mental wellness of all.
Our goal is to energize all employees with a vital workplace, produce results that surprise and delight the world, and make the world a better place.
Yasunori Ogawa
President and CEO Seiko Epson Corporation
 (1) Creating an enjoyable and dynamic workplace environment: Improving the workplace environment based on half-yearly stress checks
(2) Passive smoking countermeasures: Prohibiting smoking on the premises of Epson sites nationwide in Japan (3) Improving lifestyle habits by increasing health literacy: Creating teams and holding walking competitions
Health and Productivity Management Indicators
FY2020
Indicator
Target Value
        Job satisfaction 4 (%)       70.9 Vitality5 (%) 75.7 Smokers (%) 20.6 Metabolic syndrome or pre-metabolic syndrome (%) 23.3 Mental health leave (1 month or more) rate 6 0.9
ー
 ー
16.0% or lower
18.0% or lower
0.7 or lower
FY2016
72.3
78.6
25.6
18.4
1.0
FY2017
72.4
77.8
24.1
19.7
1.2
SEC President
 Corporate Management Meeting
FY2018
71.8
78.5
22.4
20.5
1.2
FY2019
71.3
78.2
21.5
 20.9
 1.0
   68
4, 5, 6 See note P80