Integrated Report 2021 Strategies
Increasing Stakeholder Engagement
To guide its businesses toward solving societal issues, Epson believes it is important to understand and reflect the expectations of stakeholders in its strategies while also striving to create sustainable competitiveness and resilience as a company and build relationships based on trust.
Stakeholder engagement 1 is an important bridge that connects Epson with stakeholders. Epson provides the following three types of value to all stakeholders:
Value Creation Strategy
Sustainability Management
Value Creation Platforms
Fact Data                           Shareholders & investors
CustomersSuppliers
We seek to maintain mutually beneficial, trusting relationships with our suppliers, as they are essential partners in realizing our Management Philosophy. At our home base of Nagano and at our major overseas production sites, we hold annual supplier conferences to share our business and procurement policies. Members of Epson’s executive management team endeavor to strengthen supplier cooperation by listening directly to supplier concerns and deepening mutual understanding.
We also evaluate suppliers every year and support their efforts to improve to help fulfill our responsibility to society.
Social Value
Societal issue resolution & mental and cultural enrichment
Environmental Value
Coexistence of industry & the environment
Economic Value
Steady reallocation of economic added valueWe contribute to society by focusing on the priority areas of the environment, education and culture, and life and community in line with the following three basic principles:
• Contributing to the SDGs
• Achieving sustainability and enriching communities
• Developing programs rooted in local communities around the world
1 Companies-stakeholder discussions Engagement enables companies to understand the interests of stakeholders and influences the company operations and decisions.Employees
Our employees underpin everything we do. Accordingly, we are effecting changes in the organizational culture to create a dynamic, vibrant environment in which to work.
• Hold discussions to encourage free and open communication
• Perform organizational climate assessments and mental health assessments • Issue messages from the president and collect opinions and thoughts from
employeesStakeholder Engagement Objectives
NGO/NPO, international
Customers
   Customers
Epson
Employees
Create products and services that delight customers and earn their trust
Build strong communication that leads to effective business operations and helps investors make decisions
Foster mutually beneficial relationships with local communities in countries and regions where we operate through programs rooted in those communities
Build good partnerships based on mutual trust and the principles of fairness, coexistence and co-prosperity
 organizations
Shareholders & investors
Social support for sustainability (value sharing)
NGO/NPO international organizations
Businesspartners & consortia
Shareholders & investors
   Business
partners &
consortia
Co-create sustainable social value that helps solve societal issues
Employees
Create a working environment that contributes to job satisfaction
Local communities
   Local communities
  Suppliers
Suppliers
 Business partners & consortia
Solving social issues and achieving sustainability require collaboration with partners who have their own fields of expertise. So, we are strengthening co-creation and building broad partnerships.
• Pararesin Consortium • Smart City Aizuwakamatsu
• Kita-Kyushu innovation center • Tokyo Shibuya Point 0 open platform • Shinshu University (small-scale recycling living innovation), etc.Local communities
In addition to traditional donations and support, we will continue programs that lead to sustainable coexistence in collaboration with communities and organizations around the world.
• Support for the Tobitate Japan Scholarship Program, Seiji Ozawa Matsumoto Festival, museums, and photo contest
• Sponsorship of Matsumoto Yamaga FC, community cleanups, festivals, Lake Suwa fireworks, Cikarang Japanese school
• Assistance for students and development of local human resources through the Epson International Scholarship Foundation and Epson Information Science Vocational SchoolNGO/NPO, international organizations
• Flower Festa, Wild Bird Society, tree planting, coral transplantation, environmental education for children, The Ocean Cleanup, ink cartridge collection
• Fantas Aquarium, blood drives, and support for sports for persons with disabilities (intellectual and physical) and local hospitals
• Typhoon No. 19 donation Nagano Prefecture & Red Cross Society, Chikuma River disaster volunteer expenses, support associated with COVID-19
69
                        Epson CEO Message Corporate Vision Integrated Report 2021
Increasing Stakeholder Engagement
Value Proposition
Financial Strategies
Value Creation Strategy
Sustainability Value Creation Management Platforms
Fact Data
         Shareholders & Investors
Discussions with Shareholders
and Investors
- Encouraging sound investment decisions and improving the quality of management -
  IR Policies and Guidelines
Analyst and investor meetings 2
FY2020 meetings
2 In addition to face-to-face interviews and meetings, this 0 includes telephone and online interviews and conferences.
Other IR-related activities
  Epson, led by the PR & IR Department and the Sustainability Promotion Office, continuously and proactively engages institutional investors and individual shareholders throughout the year to build good communication that leads to sound investment decisions. Feedback gained from communicating with shareholders and investors is shared with management and used to improve management quality.
Although the number of shareholders and investors we can meet in person is limited, we are actively using tools such as bulletins and websites to convey our ideas to as many people as possible. We are focusing particularly on creating a website that can deliver information to a large audience simultaneously and are constantly updating sustainability and IR information.
235
(Meetings)
300 200
■■ Japan ■■ Overseas 251 235
104 82
 Total meetings
Japan 153 Overseas 82 100
  147
153
 Annual IR Cycle
2019
2020 (fiscal year)
 Policy & business strategy conferences for institutional investors (irregular) / IR meetings / ESG meetings (year-round)
• Examine improvements to IR & sustainability tools and information
• Early release and enhancement of materials related to the shareholders’
  • Full-year earnings • Shareholders’ • Q1 earnings
• Integrated Report
• Q2 earnings • Earnings
• Shareholder bulletin
• Q3 earnings
• Earnings presentation
meeting
• Providing English language information to overseas investors
• Updating and enhancing the content of the sustainability site
• Ensuring compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and
       announcement meeting
• Earnings presentation • Shareholder
• Financial results presentation
presentation
bulletin
 2020/4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 2021/1 2 3
FY2020 Engagement Activities
disclosure of actions taken
• Web-based IR activities, such as remote interviews during the pandemic
  ESG Meetings in Response to a Rising Tide of ESG Investment
Opportunities for discussing corporate ESG activities have increased with the rise of ESG investing. Epson met with institutional investors again in FY2020 to explain its activities and ideas related to the environment, society, and governance. A wide range of topics were discussed, including materiality and the Epson value creation story, setting quantitative targets for TCFD disclosure, and strengthening the governance system. The insights gained positively impact the company’s operations, as they help to formulate future policy and strategy and improve board effectiveness. Our ESG programs are increasing corporate value and making the company stronger. For a company like Epson, whose businesses are based on solving societal issues, ESG programs are simply a routine part of operations, and we will further advance ESG and sustainability management through dialogue with institutional investors.
Information Disclosure and IR Events during the Pandemic
Our IR activities significantly changed in 2020, as new solutions had to be found to meet with and deliver information to investors. Since COVID-19 caused upheaval in the market environment and heavily impacted Epson’s business performance and strategies, carefully and coherently explaining these changes was a major topic of study. The pandemic also drew attention to the social side of business, such as employee health, relationships with business partners, and crisis management. Seiko Epson endeavored to proactively disclose information through the Integrated Report, web sites, and various other avenues.
In addition, nearly all earnings announcements and IR meetings were taken online. While online events are more convenient for the participants, greater care must be taken to ensure that the parties understand one another. Epson will continue to deepen dialogue with shareholders and investors.
70
  
                        Epson CEO Message Corporate Vision Value Proposition Financial Integrated Report 2021 Strategies
Increasing Stakeholder Engagement
Value Creation Strategy
Sustainability Value Creation Fact Data Management Platforms
     Customers
Creating Value with Customers
- Creating products and services that delight customers and earn their trust -
  Business partners & consortia
Engagement with industry
associations
ー Creating sustainable social values to solve social issues ー
Hankyu Hanshin Department Store/Revitalization of Sales Floors and Events with Textile Printing and Projection
CSR Europe: Joined a European industry association
Leading Sustainability Events in Europe
CSR Europe is an organization that makes recommendations on guidelines and principles for the European Commission. As a leading European business network, it supports the corporate social responsibility efforts of businesses, industries, governments, and NGOs. Epson Europe B.V. (EEB) joined CSR Europe in September 2017. With EEB’s Sustainability Director holding a permanent seat on the CSR Europe Board of Directors since February 2019, Epson Europe has been a leader in building a global network and in the creation of guidelines and policies for sustainability.
The company is helping to promote a more sustainable future and sustainable business growth.
Creating New, Digitally
  Getting Shoppers to Stop
Hidenobu Yamamoto
International Fashion Sales Manager,
Gofuku Sales Department
HANKYU HANSHIN DEPARTMENT STORES, INC.
In retail stores, it is important to get customers to stop. Visual presentation is a tried-and-true tactic for getting shoppers to stop, and this is where projection excels. In addition, projection not only captivates shoppers but also has environmental benefits because it reduces waste that accompanies store displays.
We also expect digital textile printing to create new product categories and bring new value to the kimono industry, which has been shrinking in recent years.
Enabled Customer Value
An Epson digital textile printer and projectors were used at Kimono Creation, an event held in collaboration with Hankyu Hanshin Department Store and Digina, a textile printer, kimono production, and sales company. Unique Yukata designed by creatives were selected and printed on-demand. The yukata were displayed virtually, allowing the store to limit the number of physical samples and save sales floor resources.
Epson’s digital technology led to sales by enabling designers to physically reproduce their designs and shoppers to choose from a variety of designs.
Reinventing Stores and Sales Floors
      Henning Ohlsson
Director Sustainability, Epson Europe B.V. / Managing Director, Epson Deutschland GmbH/ Member of the board of directors, CSR Europe Top 100 CSR Influence Leader
My aim is to reinforce the sustainability benefits of our products, technologies and solutions and ensure their regulatory compliance. I also lead local and regional initiatives that promote our company’s commitment to sustainability values. I am constantly working to make our ambitious sustainability targets tangible for our customers and for all our stakeholders
  Projection was used in this sales floor event to minimize the resource waste that accompanies in-store displays.
Six yukata, each a unique prize-winning design printed using an Epson digital textile printer, were displayed. Projection mapping was used to display additional yukata designs recruited from the designer community, giving shoppers a selection of some 90 designs from which to choose. By discussing the customer’s wishes and exploring the future of in-store displays with them, we suggested a new way to advertise on the sales floor so that the customer can eliminate waste from unsold items and produce effective displays in limited space.
Efforts like this will lead to the creation of new styles and value in store decoration, apparel design, commercialization, and sales.
 71
  
                Epson CEO Message Corporate Vision Integrated Report 2021
Increasing Stakeholder Engagement
Value Proposition
Financial Strategies
Value Creation Sustainability Value Creation Fact Data Strategy Management Platforms
Mexico/Bee2Be: Endangered Animal Protection and Economic Activity
Program
Epson is supporting the efforts of Mexican NPO Bee2Be to protect endangered Melipona bees. Bee2Be uses sales of honey to help fund its protection efforts. Epson contributes additional funding by working with designer Anna Fusoni to produce and sell scarves designed with bee motifs. This initiative also provides employment to local women.
Epson supports the production of scarves and other products with digital printing technology, contributing to the generation of steady income for local citizens and this NPO.   NGO/NPO,
international organizations NGO/NPO
– Social support for sustainability (value sharing) –
Tonga/JICA: Using Banana Paper (Turning Waste into a Valuable Resource)
Program
  Epson was impressed with a program to deliver original picture books that was planned by the Japan Overseas Cooperation Volunteers of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and offered to use its Micro Piezo inkjet technology to print and bind the books free of charge. The books, which were distributed to schools in Tonga in early July through the JICA and the Embassy of Tonga, will be used to educate children about the SDGs. In addition, 1% of the paper purchase price will be donated to an environmental protection organization through the supplier of the banana paper used for the picture book.Cooperating Partners
• JICA Komagane Training Center, Tonga volunteers
• Embassy of Tonga
• One Planet Café
• Epson Mizube Corporation • Seiko Epson Corporation
Form of Involvement
Cooperating Partners
• Bee2Be (NPO)
• Designer Anna Fusoni
• Local women
• Epson de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
Form of Involvement
• Produce original Tongan picture books from an SDG perspective
• Secures funding for the protection of endangered bees and organizes programs to expand employment
• Coordinates with the Japanese government & Tonga • Provides banana paper printing media
• Prints books on inkjet printers
• Overall planning & coordination
• Designs scarves and other items of clothing with a bee motif
• Participates in local protection efforts & sales and acts as local guides
• Provides printers and technical support for digitally printed scarves, etc. Issues Addressed and Benefits
Activities and Approach
Discussions with JICA Tonga volunteers turned from hardware support in the form of printing to the idea of creating value from waste, and Epson is now helping to realize a circular economy in Tonga and Africa by using banana paper produced
from the fibers in banana tree trunks (actually pseudo-stems), which are normally burned as waste, and using paper made from used office paper with Epson’s PaperLab dry process office papermaking system.
 Value Provided
• Gave tangible shape to the vision of JICA volunteers
• Provided SDG learning materials utilizing Epson’s printing and papermaking technology
• Donated 1% of banana paper purchase price to environmental group
  Issues Addressed and Benefits
Activities and Approach
We collaborated with others to provide new benefits to an initiative that lacks financial resources and people, thereby raising awareness and securing funding for an initiative that provides local jobs.
 Value Provided
• Supported a sustainable conservation initiative that creates revenue
• Created a new business model by selling goods such as scarves designed with a bee motif
• Provided new jobs and employment
  72