Commercial & Industrial Printing Innovation
Offer inkjet technology and solutions that lead the digitalization of printing and contribute to lower environmental impacts and higher productivity
Sustainability Management
Value Creation Platforms
Fact Data                 Goal
Hitoshi Igarashi
Executive Officer
Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Printing Solutions Division Chief Operating Officer, P Commercial & Industrial Operations Division
Fiscal 2020 Summary
Sales were adversely affected by COVID-19 in Q1 but rebounded from Q2 thanks to the launch of new products and other factors.
We strengthened customer touch points & support by creating showrooms and solution centers (with test labs) and by using online messaging.
We began providing the total solution Epson Cloud Solution PORT.
In segments such as textile printing, we are looking to directly solve the needs of customers by strengthening consulting, making proposals based on the unique benefits of digital inkjet printing, which include things such as greater design freedom and wider palette of colors and gradations. This will enable us to shift to the creation of value based on digital printing.
In 2020, we began offering Epson Cloud Solution PORT, which allows customers to check printer information from a smartphone and to reduce machine downtime with remote support from Epson. We will draw on strengths such as high-quality printing and color management technology to provide total solutions that help customers improve their productivity and gradually increase their production capacity. These strategies will expand our market share in various segments of commercial and industrial printing by promoting the adoption of digital technolo- gy, which reduces environmental impacts and increases productivity in manufac- turing.
• Enable short-run production, eliminate printing plates, and realize a better work environment with digital inkjet printing
• Support stable operations and efficient color matching with easy-to-install and implement Epson Cloud Solution PORT, which includes Color Control Technology and remote monitoring
• Innovate customers’printing and production processes with powerful, productive printheads and with secure solutions that are easy to install
 Demand for commercial and industrial printers dipped especially in the first half of 2020 as companies around the world postponed capital investments due to lockdowns and other effects of COVID-19, but demand for various applications has since expanded and business is rebounding.
This resilience reflects the steady progression of digitalization and distributed production in commercial and industrial printing. This trend is likely to gain momentum, as the experience of the pandemic has shown the need for more resilient supply chains and more local production (printing). The move to decarbonize for the good of the environment and a shortage of people trained in traditional analog printing may well feed this trend.
Epson will leverage its Micro Piezo inkjet technology to launch a succession of new products and services in growth areas (corporate, signage, textiles, labels) where there is still ample room for digitalization.
 Business Area / Objectives
Societal Issues / Business Environment
• Productivity in short-run production • Massive water consumption & waste
from unsold clothing
• Work environment improvement
• High-level color matching, production control, quality control, and maintenance management in distributed printing
• Collaborate with a wide range of partners & accelerate the digitalization of printing
Epson’s Strengths / Value Proposition Shift from analog to digital
Realize commercial and industrial printing with a total solution
Inkjet for all kinds of printing
  35
  