Epson CEO Message Corporate Vision Value Proposition Financial Integrated Report 2021 Strategies
Manufacturing Innovation
Innovate manufacturing by co-creating flexible high-throughput production systems that reduce environmental impacts
Value Creation Strategy
Sustainability Management
Value Creation Platforms
Fact Data             Goal
Keijiro Naito
Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer,
Manufacturing Solutions Operations Division
Fiscal 2020 Summary
Robot demand stagnated in Japan, S.E. Asia, the Americas, and Europe in Q1 due to COVID-19.
China appeared unfazed and the SCARA robot market expanded on soaring demand for production of PCs, communication equipment, and home electronics. Epson’s growth outpaced the overall market growth rate.
Six-axis robot demand decreased due to a slowdown in production by auto makers.
Epson’s robot sales and revenue hit an all-time high.
 Manufacturers are looking for solutions to the labor shortage and need to increase their resilience so that they can respond to sudden changes in the business environment. They are also stepping up their efforts to reduce the environmental impact of production in response to the looming global environmental crisis. Customers who are now automating their factories expect to transform manufacturing with innovative solutions, and not simply install robots. To meet their expectations, Epson will expand the areas in which it provides value to include everything from robotic assembly and inspection to parts production, production systems design, and installation support.
Parts production is a new area for us. Here, we will provide customers with compact molding machines that reduce wastes of materials, electricity, and space. In the production systems design and installation support area, we will use the expertise we have acquired in our own precision assembly factories to support the co-creation of customers’production systems in collaborative partnerships with SIer 1 and others in Japan. (Similar efforts are being studied overseas.)
The total molding machine, robot, and engineering market to which our businesses belong is about a ¥5 trillion market. We will focus on the segments where we can exploit Epson’s efficient, compact and precision technologies. Given the underlying needs and the expectation of further market growth, we anticipate business expansion out to 2025.
Epson will evolve from simply selling robots to providing solutions that address customer expectations to solve societal issues and increase sales.
The Size & Growth Rate of Epson’s Target Markets
 Assembly & inspectionDesign & installation supportRobot 2
¥ 1.0 trillion CAGR 5.5% Worldwide
Compact robot 4
¥ 230 billion CAGR 8.4% Worldwide
 Engineering
¥ 2.1 trillion CAGR 7.0% Worldwide
* System design & service (including machines)
For 3C & beginners
¥ 780 billion CAGR 7.0% Worldwide
 Parts productionMolders
¥ 1.7 trillion CAGR 2.8% Worldwide
Compact precision injection molder 3
¥ 110 billion CAGR 4.9% Worldwide
 Monetary amounts are for 2020. CAGR is for 2020–2025 Seiko Epson estimatesBusiness Area / Objectives
Societal Issues / Business Environment
• Stricter environmental requirements
• Stronger resilience
• Diversified work arrangements
• Labor shortages
• High barriers to automation
• Compatibility with diverse production
processes
Epson’s Strengths / Value Proposition Compact production lines that include parts production, assembly and inspection
Compact, slim, lightweight, energy-effi- cient robots
Design & installation support
• Compact molding machines that reduce material, electricity, transport, and space waste
37
• Precision sensing, robot control, and spectroscopic technologies that easily automate tasks that once had to be performed by hand
• Fast, accurate robots built around Epson’s robotics and sensing technologies
  • Extensive lineup of SCARA robots that has enabled Epson to maintain the No. 1 global share 5
 • Ability to propose efficient, high-yield production systems based on expertise acquired in Epson’s own automated lines
• A global sales and service network See P80 for footnotes 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5
  