33
HR Development and Work-style Reforms
  Our Vision
As a company that solves the issues of local communities through our business operations, we focus on nurturing personnel that possess expert knowledge and know-how. We recognize human resources to be the source of value we provide to society and we continually seek to enrich our workplaces so each and every employee can remain healthy and safe.
Key Themes
Fostering the corporate culture where diversified human resources can work comfortably.
SDG Targets
Target 5.5: Ensure women’s full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision-mak- ing in political, economic and public life
Target 8.5: By 2030, achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities, and equal pay for work of equal value
   Category
Work-style Reforms
Subcategory
Evaluation Indicator
FY March 2018
FY March 2019
      HR Development
Free agent system
Recommended training
Number (People)
Number (People)
15
458
215
9
Number transferred
Note
      Number who completed training through internal system
            Overtime hours
Avg. no. of hours per month per person
4.7
8.37
     Paid leave
Take-up rate (%)
48.0
49.8
Target value: 50.0 by 2022
         No. attended
192
112
     Value award
No. received
—
104
Excludes overlapping recipients, launched FY March 2019
          Diversity
Female manager
Ratio (%)
2.3
1.4
Among section chief or higher; target value: 5.0 by 2022
     Female childcare leave
Take-up rate (%)
100
100
Among those who took leave before and after childbirth
     Basic Data
Telecommuting
Working shorter hours for childcare
No. of employees re-employed after retiring at 60
Training sessions and seminars
Total number of days
        Corporate Culture Reforms
CEO dialogue session
No. of times held
Ratio (%)
23.0
21.5
Among female full-time employees
     No. of foreigners hired
No. of disabled persons hired
Ratio (%)
Ratio of disabled persons hired (%)
1.3
1.2
    1.62
Among full-time employees
 1.61
Among full-time employees
     Ratio (%)
3.7
4.1
Among total of full-time employees and re-employed employees
            Health Management
Periodic health examination
Ratio undertaken (%)
99.8
100.0
Among those eligible for primary health examination
     Number of times
26
26
     Training sessions and seminars
    Total no. of full-time employees
* Only for AUTOBACS SEVEN
Co., Ltd.
Number of employees
Total no. at end of FY
  No. of females at end of FY
21
254
1747
10
328
Headquarters employees, introduced November 2017
    Launched in FY March 2017
          1021
993
   No. of males at end of FY
886
858
   135
135
    Ratio of females at end of FY (%)
747
13.2
13.5
Target value: 20.0 by 2022
34
  Activities in Fiscal March 2019
1
For the purpose of improving the value the AUTOBACS chain delivers to customers, we have put in place more than thirty stratified educations and training systems for mainly store staff. We offer a multitude of different group training sessions on topics such as leadership, sales skill improvement, or wheels and undercarriage, and with a total of 91 sessions held in fiscal March 2019, together with e-learning and other initiatives like OJT at stores, we hope to see significant benefits. We are also striving
2 Career Support
Based on the concept that “employees build their own careers by themselves,” at AUTOBACS we have a number of schemes to support the career formation of employees.
Career rotations and skill enhancements
Our personnel system is based on a combination of job rotations and the enhancement of skill levels every few years so that all employees can accumulate knowledge and experience. We have also established an internal job posting and free agent system and implemented person- nel movement within the Company. Under this system, employees who meet certain conditions can aspire to work in a position they have set their sights on. Moreover, we have established a course for specialist workers which takes into account the orientation and aptitude of each and every employee and assists their career formation in line with individual characteristics and aspirations.
Personnel development program
We have in place a so-called “cafeteria plan” through which employees can choose to take any of the roughly
3 Work-style Reforms
In addition to promoting the creation of a workplace where each and every employee can work safely and remain healthy, we are working to establish an environment in which our employees can feel enriched, fulfilled, and safe at work.
Supporting various working styles
In the midst of mounting societal demands to tackle issues such as an ageing society, work-life balance, and globalization, we are implementing a number of initia- tives to provide various work-style options to employees with the goal of establishing an environment in which our employees can work energetically. Such options include shorter working hours, half-day paid leave, telecommut- ing (with no limitations on frequency or reason), satel- lite office-based work, staggered starting times, and the enhancement of ICT-based communication tools.
to enhance the quality of in-store services by boosting staff knowledge, technical skills, and motivation, with an assessment system linked to our internal Group qualifi- cations, such as Car Lifestyle Advisor and Car Lifestyle Consultant. We also focus on training that assists employees in acquiring automobile mechanic, automobile inspector, or other public licenses, and we are seeing a steady increase in the number of qualified employees.
160 courses offered by external organizations. Some courses are offered in the form of correspondence learning, or public seminars, while others promise pub- lic qualification. The plan assists the voluntary career development of our employees and we provide mone- tary assistance with subsidies up to ¥100,000 per person per year. So far, 1,193 employees have utilized this plan. As an incentive for skills development, we also provide a bonus to employees that have acquired certain public qualifications designated by the Company.
Internship
Our summer internship program was held ten times for three days at a time and offers students that are begin- ning to choose potential employers a chance to work on-site in a variety of job roles, visit our facilities, and par- ticipate in various workshops so that they can be con- vinced when making decisions. This program gives us the opportunity to hear the opinions of the younger, next-generation, while students get the chance to start thinking about their future career paths.
Open Days for employee’s children
Since August 2015 we have hosted a Open Days for employee’s children every year. This event affords a rare opportunity for children to see their parents at work and not only deepens their understanding of what their par- ents do for a living, but aims to encourage employees to think about their work and family life. In fiscal year 2019, 27 mainly elemen-
tary school students had fun taking part in a road safety quiz, cash register roleplaying, and Company facility tour.
 Educational Training to Enhance Strength of Human Resources at AUTOBACS Chain Stores
   
                 35
HR Development and Work-style Reforms
4 Promoting Diversity and Inclusion
Making AUTOBACS an easier place for women to work
Based on our belief in
no corporate growth
without diversity, the
Company’s view is
that “an easier place
to work for women
is a better place for
everyone.” To this
end, we are endeavoring to establish a workplace envi- ronment where women can easily return to work follow- ing various life events such as marriage, childbirth, and child-rearing.
Initiatives for fostering female executives
The Company has partly launched a mentoring system for female employees, and as part of our career devel- opment activities, we host an interactive workshop for female executives and regular employees. In addition, as part of efforts to create a workplace culture where women can thrive, we implement a program regarding diversity acceptance in our management trainings. We also provide individual counseling on work and home life compatibility and career formation.
A workplace where employees can keep working after maternity and childcare leave
At the Company we have many female employees of par- enting generation that emphasize the importance of both family and career, and 100% of them return to work after maternity and childcare leave. We attribute this to vari- ous initiatives, such as a longer timeframe during which employees with children (up to sixth year at elementary school) can work shorter hours, as well as the implemen- tation of the “Female Tasks” career assistance project.
Creating a workplace full of diversity
In the globally expand-
ing businesses of the
AUTOBACS Group,
there are more and
more opportunities for
foreign employees,
both in Japan and over-
seas. As part of our hir-
ing of disabled persons, we are also working hard to create an environment in which people with disabilities can find it easy to work by establishing a system that offers a choice of flexible working styles.
      Comment from male employee that took childcare leave
Yuki Tanaka (Legal Department) Childcare leave: Two months
I did not take childcare
leave for my first child.
For my second child,
however, as my first
child was still young
and a handful, I was
set from the start to
take advantage of the
system. While I had
concerns about work, I
was able to devote myself to childcare with the under- standing of my department. As many things happen unexpectedly with childcare, I was conscious about using time more efficiently. Taking childcare leave also gave me a good opportunity to be more attuned to my community and broaden my horizons. The time I spent face to face with the growth of my child during this period is irreplaceable. I encourage any male employee who is considering childcare leave to take a longer one than I did.
Takuya Nanjo (A PIT AUTOBACS SHINONOME) Childcare leave: One and a half months
I took childcare leave
due to concerns about
my wife’s physical
condition. Although I
was the first male to
take childcare leave
at my store, the store
manager thought it
was a great idea and
was supportive when I
consulted him. Consequently, I was able to take child- care leave feeling relieved. During my leave, my wife and I overcame difficulties by working together while enjoying the experience, and we are now even closer. I also had more opportunities to talk with people in the community with whom I had no contact before. This has enabled me to carry on a range of conversa- tions with customers at my workplace and helped me grow personally. I hope to contribute to the Company by supporting men who are thinking of taking child- care leave.
  
                 365 Health Initiatives
We focus on health-promoting initiatives based on our statement on health, which declares that we recognize health is the utmost management foundation indispens- able for our broad-ranging corporate activities. We aim to be a company that contributes widely to society by pro- moting “health management” to foster human resources with a strong awareness of what it means to be healthy, both physically and mentally.
Autobacs Seven Health Management >
https://www.autobacs.co.jp/en/company/healthycompany.html
Health management training
Mental healthcare, health counseling
Every year all employees at the Company undergo a men- tal health check performed by external specialists for the purpose of mental care. We also have in place a system whereby employees can seek counseling at a designated institution and our occupational physician provides regular health consultation and mental health counseling sessions.
DBJ Employees’ Health Management Rating
Our health initiatives have been rated the highest rank three times (2015, 2017, 2019) under the DBJ Employees’ Health Management Rating, which is used by the Development Bank of Japan to deter- mine lending terms.
No Smoking Promotion Business Consortium
The Company is a member of the No Smoking Promotion Business Consortium, a consortium estab- lished in partnership by the Tokyo Medical Association and Japan Cancer Society and comprised mainly of companies with head- quarters and offices in Tokyo.
Certified as 2019 Health and Productivity Management Organization (White 500) The Company has been certified
as a 2019 Health and Productivity Management Organization (White
500) by a program sponsored by
the Ministry of Economy, Trade and
Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
Specifically, in 2014 we set forth
a statement on health and estab-
lished the Health Management Office at the Company, as an effort to make health counseling easily accessible to employees. Furthermore, we promote the Data Health Plans, in addition to holding seminars and disseminating information on health internally.
  If an employee is
found to have a life-
style disease-related
condition at their peri-
odic health examina-
tion, they must follow
the instructions of
the occupational phy-
sician and undergo
dietary and exercise
training in order to
improve their health condition. Depending on the severity of their health condition, improvement measures will be separately prescribed, while follow-up examinations will also continue for a certain period.
Meal improvement program “Office Okan”
In fiscal March 2019, we
launched “Office Okan” at
the headquarters and some
other places, with the aim
of improving the meals of
employees and preventing
lifestyle diseases. The ser-
vice offers dishes that allow
employees to eat a balanced lunch at a reasonable “one coin” price. Starchy dishes, protein dishes, vegetable dishes, and sal- ads selected monthly are delivered to the designated refriger- ator in the office and can be purchased from 100 yen a dish.
  Health management training
   