39
Community and Society Our Vision
We see cars as more than just a form of transport; they support the affluent lifestyles of people and serve as their partner providing fulfillment. Car-centric lifestyles will continue to generate safe, secure, and fun situations for everyone.
Key Themes
Contributing to safe and secure social infrastructure and aiding the development of the next generation
SDG Targets
Target 3.6: By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road traffic accidents
Target 11.3: By 2030, enhance inclusive and sustainable urbanization and capacity for participatory, integrated and sustain- able human settlement planning and man- agement in all countries
Target 4.7: By 2030, ensure that all learners acquire the knowledge and skills needed to promote sustainable development, including, among others, through education for sustainable development and sustainable lifestyles, human rights, gender equality, promotion of a culture of peace and non-violence, global citizen- ship and appreciation of cultural diversity and of culture’s contribution to sustain- able development
Target 17.17: Encourage and promote effective public, public-private and civil society partnerships, building on the experience and resourcing strategies of partnerships
      Activities in Fiscal March 2019
1 ARTA School Visits
3
Supporting Development of the Next Generation Children
      Communicating the appeal of motorsports and the challenge to the dreams to children
In fiscal March 2019, in
cooperation between
the Company and ARTA
(AUTOBACS RACING
TEAM AGURI), a
team driver and engi-
neer visited elemen-
tary schools in Suzuka,
Mie Prefecture and Haga, Tochigi Prefecture to talk about the joys, rigors, and importance of holding a dream. These interactions not only stimulate an interest in motorsports and racing cars, but they also aim to spark the first step towards realizing future dreams of children and students.
Kodomobacs
Our in-store event
“Kodomobacs” gives chil-
dren the chance to try
their hand at a number
of activities, including a
working experience at ser-
vice bays where they get
to wear AUTOBACS over-
alls and change a car tire,
taking souvenir photographs wearing a car racing suit, and decorating cars with drawings. The purpose of this event is to have children interact with our employees to cultivate a view of occupation, and also have them experience the appeal of making a living together with cars, the wonder- ful life partner.
KidZania
As an official sponsor
of KidZania, a small city
where kids can have
fun role-playing jobs and
learning about how soci-
ety works, AUTOBACS
runs Car Lifestyle Support
Center pavilions at both
KidZania Tokyo and KidZania
Koshien. Through their experiences at our pavilions, our goal
         2
Junior High and High School Student Visits
  As a company with roots in the community, we accept student visits from neighboring junior high and high schools to some of our stores, and to our east and west Japan logistics centers respectively located in Ichikawa, Chiba Prefecture and Miki, Hyogo Prefecture. As part of their career education, the students get to feel firsthand the teamwork that takes place at our stores and actually experience behind-the-scenes logistics operations along- side our employees.
40
     is to have kids learn how fun it is to work with cars, gain an understanding of car safety and mechanisms, and contribute to a safe motorized society in the future.
Assisting Student “Monozukuri” Design
6 Aid Stations for People Stranded During Disasters
We have entered into
Agreements on Aid for People
Stranded During Disasters
with local governments to
let our stores (345 as of June
30, 2019) be used as aid sta-
tions during times of disasters
to help people stranded get
back home. Under the agree-
ment, stores provide running water and toilets, maps and traf- fic information, and information about road closures obtained via radio announcements and the like.
        4
 Supporting the Student Formula Japan competition
As an official competition
sponsor, AUTOBACS
has participated in the
Student Formula Japan,
“Monozukuri (manufac-
turing)” design compe-
tition where students
themselves plan, design,
and build vehicles to
compete “comprehensive capability of Monozukuri” since fiscal March 2015 and provided support to the contesting teams. In Fiscal March 2019 we supported ten teams by providing racing suits, shoes, and other items. We also invited the team members to a SUPER GT race, which AUTOBACS sponsors, as part of our efforts to contribute to the sustainable development of car culture by giving the students a professional trackside experience.
7
https://www.autobacs.co.jp/en/sustainability/activity/ disaster_response.html#a01
Assisting Safe Driving through Our Products
                 5
Community Monitoring Services Using IoT Technology
We sell the “Pedal
Watcher” sudden acceler-
ation prevention device, in
order to prevent accidents
caused by drivers who are
elderly or are not used to
driving and mistake the
accelerator for the brake.
In addition, we support
safety and security by offering dashboard cameras and car navigation devices designed to assist safe driving.
8 Raising Traffic Safety Awareness through a Picture Book
Through industry-academia
collaboration with BAIKA
Women’s University, we
published a picture book
on traffic safety entitled
Mugi-chan no Pan (Mugi’s
Bread). Based on the theme
of “traffic safety,” a story
unfolds about a bear named
Mugi who is riding a mobile
catering trailer with his father to town to sell bread, and along the way, interacts with various animals. Some of the proceeds from the picture book were donated to Kotsuiji Ikueikai (Scholarship Foundation for Traffic Accident Orphans). Some stores hold storytelling events and read the picture book to local children.
 In November 2017, we
began new initiatives
and demonstration tests
using IoT technology for
ensuring the safety and
security of the elderly
and their families. In
March 2019, we entered
into a Comprehensive
Cooperation Agreement with Oita Prefecture. Using the IoT platform “WEAR+i” developed by the Company under the theme of safety and security, the agreement aims to revitalize the region and improve services for people in the prefecture in eight areas, including road safety and envi- ronmental protection.
