Mission Statement
Kanamoto has not only fostered growth together with the Japanese economy but also done everything in its power to build infrastructure and aid in countless disaster recovery efforts. We consider it our mission to capitalize on our experience in an effort to support reconstruction in the wake of disasters from the Great East Japan and Kumamoto Earthquakes to the typhoons and torrential rains afflicting various regions of Japan. Much of the infrastructure in Japan is also in dire need of repair or replacement. Our Group will always unify in an effort to ensure the safety and security of Japan.
Another of our missions is to foster sustainable growth. We will continue to expand our domestic business platform and promote overseas development in the pursuit of reaching our full potential.

Editorial Policy
The Kanamoto Integrated Report emphasizes operating perfor- mance, business summaries and other financial data as well as Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) activities and other non-financial data which act as a foundation supporting growth. We hope to offer all shareholders, investors and other stakeholders a multifaceted view of sustainable growth at the Kanamoto Group.
Our editorial team publishes this report with reference to the International Integrated Reporting Framework advocated by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC).
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain information other than historical facts set forth in this report contains forward-looking information based on currently available information as part of the plans, strategies and other activities of Kanamoto Co., Ltd. The forward-looking statements included herein may differ substantially from actual management and operating performance due to various known and unknown risks and uncertainties.
◦The consolidated financial statements in this report comply with the current accounting standards of Japan.
◦ Figures less than one-million yen are rounded down in this report.

The Integrated Report details Kanamoto Group activities for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020 and outlines future policies.
The novel coronavirus pandemic completely reversed the gradual economic recovery of Japan this fiscal year. The GDP between April and June even underperformed January to March 2009 during the 2008 global financial crisis. No one could have predicted the harsh reality facing us all in 2020, which included the largest decline in a single year since World War II.
Even overseas, the serious spread of the novel coronavirus infection had a severe economic impact in Europe and America. We must recognize the global recession the world faces today. However, the GDP showed a fantastic rebound from August to September and China saw stronger growth recovery than expected while the unprecedented speed of clinical trials of vaccines is making early inoculation possible. All of these signs give us hope for the future, even in terms of better international cooperation only seen in such times crisis. I believe we must monitor the global economic trends surrounding Japan and the rest of Asia closely in the future.
The primary customers for our core construction equipment rental business are in the Japanese construction industry. We had forecast stable demand for these construction equipment rentals considering factors such as underlying needs of public projects, high private demand centered upon urban areas, and the construction and installation of the Linear Chuo Shinkansen (maglev bullet train) in addition to other large-scale transportation infrastructure. However, the coronavirus pandemic completely overturned these expectations.
Kanamoto faced adversity from construction halts and partial reforms of private-sector construction to delays in public projects, and investments in construction during fiscal 2020 even dropped slightly year-on-year. In
fiscal 2021, we do foresee a gradual pick up in public construction thanks to supplementary funds and other measures. However, private-sector investment in construction remains quite unpredictable. To maintain ongoing growth in this business environment, we have no choice but to enhance our adaptability and strengthen our corporate structure.
The Kanamoto Group did not achieve satisfactory quantitative results during the first fiscal year of the Creative 60 medium-term management plan due to the coronavirus pandemic. However, we were able to undertake M&A expected to drive synergy worldwide and take other steps toward achieving our vision via our medium-term priority measures to expand domestic sales bases and strengthen overseas development. These efforts lay a fundamental business base to secure the ideal inventory of rental resources and satisfy on-site needs and provide convenience to customers at all times while emphasizing innovations adapting to change and realizing the next level of operational efficiency and productivity.
In the future, we will continue to fulfill the Kanamoto Group philosophy to be an excellent and dynamic corporate group that uses its solid earnings as a base to reward shareholders, customers, and employees. We will strive to become a true general construction equipment rental company by executing the Creative 60 medium-term management plan extending until the fiscal year ending October 31, 2024.
I ask for the continued and unwavering support of our shareholders and other investors.

Our steadfast action guidelines — the Kanamoto Corporate Philosophy — chart our course for the next 50 to 100 years.
Our employees have held dear to the following action guidelines for more than 40 years:
1. Pursue innovation and mobilize every resource to energize our company
2. Always remember Kanamoto competes for profits
3. Maintain a self-directed and independent mind
The first guideline demonstrates our vision as an organization. The second embodies our role as a corporate organization to generate earnings. The third stresses the importance of not only thinking for yourself but taking initiative. All of our employees embody the spirit of these action guidelines as principles inspiring the entire Kanamoto Group.
The drive to maintain growth while responding to the bewildering changes in the business environment lies in our action guidelines, which have supported our history as a type of corporate philosophy. The pursuit of innovation without fear of breaking convention requires our employees to continuously renew their way of thinking. We must also expand and deepen the fields we take on. We are confident that by never wavering from these action guidelines will lead Kanamoto to new horizons.

Construction Equipment Rental Business
Quickly Respond to Work Site Requests and Fulfill Our Mission to Provide Rental Equipment as Social Infrastructure
The Construction Equipment Rental Business accounts for roughly 90% of Kanamoto Group earnings. This core business offers services that respond to every request received from work sites whether related to civil engineering or construction.
  A Full Line-up of Roughly 620,000 Rental Items in Japan
Kanamoto possesses roughly 620,000 rental equipment items made up of approximately 1,100 different models. Whether construction machinery from hydraulic excavators to dump trucks or temporary housing materi- als, generators, or various hand tools, we have put together a line-up of products that respond to every need. This broad line-up not only includes diverse models but also a wide selection of size and accessory options. Kanamoto works to provide a full line-up of items and comprehensive support as a one stop shop to satisfy the equipment procurement needs of our customers.
Reliable Maintenance Systems Set Up at Every Branch
Kanamoto alone has grown to almost 200 branches in Japan while the Group has upwards of 500 locations. Every single one of these bases has highly-skilled maintenance staff who thoroughly maintain the rental equipment on a daily basis to ensure peak performance. Uncompromising maintenance also helps enhance the asset value of equipment sold in the used equipment market.
Flexible Operating Decisions to Capitalize on Rent to Sale
The core essence of the Kanamoto business model is to recover invest- ment outlays for the purchase of assets through rental income before ultimately selling of the equipment. Easing depreciation and extending the life of assets have been key themes for boosting Kanamoto profit margins. We also flexibly judge the timing of sales for used construction equipment models in high demand according to global market conditions.
Substantial Compensation Systems to Rapidly Respond to Diverse Needs
Kanamoto has put in place compensation systems to fully insulate custom- ers from accidents, theft and other inherent risks of construction equip- ment or vehicles during rental. In recent years, user needs to respond to these types of risks have diversified as the type of accidents and scope of compensation has grown more complex. Kanamoto has assigned com- pensation assessment managers to each region in an effort to provide the highest level of compensation assessment and services in order to not only incorporate customer needs but also offer peace of mind.

Other Businesses
Kanamoto develops steel product sales, information products rental, welfare-related and a variety of other businesses alongside its core construction business to broaden earnings opportunities in a diverse range of sectors.
  Steel Product Sales Business
Steel Product Supply Essential for Civil Engineering and Construction
The steel product sales business was a Kanamoto core business and the roots of its founding. We primarily sell general steel, sheet pile, single tube piping, and other steel products in Hokkaido. Kanamoto also builds Autoclave Lightweight Concrete (ALC), extruded cement panel, and other exterior walls, installs insulation, and executes various other specialized construction projects as well as sells and installs insulated waterproof KT roof systems and other construction materials. Our Group acts as both a material supplier and construction contractor to help customers minimize tedious preparations and cut costs.
The Steel Sales Division will always supply the high-quality steel products essential to the civil engineering and construction work that supports infra- structure and our livelihoods.
Welfare-related Business
Broad Line-up to Support In-home Care
In the Welfare-related Business, Nishiken Co., Ltd. and Carewell Anshin Co., Ltd. rent and sell assistive technology and nursing care products.
“Safety” and “Security” are keywords in the Welfare-related Business. Our broad line-up from personal-use products to training equipment for care prevention supports the care-giving activities needed in each community and assist individuals receiving care to become more independent and mo- bile. Our unique service system goes further via uncompromising quality control encompassing everything from maintaining devices on-site at facto- ries to ensuring prompt shipments.
Information Products Rental Business
Latest IT Rental Equipment Available at All Times
The Information Products Rental Business has continued to offer rentals of the latest IT equipment since its launch in 1983.
In 2012, we opened the Kanamoto cyberbrain warehouse on Rakuten to expand business through the sale of IT equipment after rental to individual customers and other avenues as much as possible by acting as a bridge for everyone to IT technology.
The evolution of technology in the computing industry is astounding. The Information Product Division actively proposes advanced customer-orient- ed services to offer the latest hardware and software.

Ongoing Support for a New Stage of Recovery
The Reconstruction Agency has almost completed its urban development businesses that included construction of homes in areas devastated by the Great East Japan Earthquake, relocation for disaster prevention and rezoning of land. All of the tide embankment and other coastal measures are underway with 75% of the construction complete as of November 2020.
The initial reconstruction and revitalization period ends on March 31, 2021, but the national government has laid out a second round of reconstruction and vitalization to take place over five years from April 2021. The new policy invests roughly 1.6 trillion yen for operating costs to establish heath and nursing care systems in addition to transportation and logistics networks to serve as the foundation for development as well as provide practical assis- tance for rebuilding housing and support for independent reconstruction of housing. This new stage of reconstruction requires consistent support. There- fore, the Kanamoto Group will do everything in its power to aid in the second reconstruction and revitalization period.
Serious disasters are also occurring more frequently in recent years with numerous storms and floods striking in 2020 alone. The 2020 Kyushu Floods designated as a major disaster in Japan brought record-breaking rains to many regions from Kyushu and Tokai to Tohoku. The disaster laid a wake of damage caused by waters overflowing from Kama River, Chikugo River, Hida River, Gonogawa River, and Mogami River as well as landslides and lowland flooding.
The Kanagawa Group is responding to these needs in each area with a sup- ply of the construction machines and equipment required for the reconstruc- tion. In the future, we will strengthen cooperation between Group companies, centralize management resources and build an ongoing support system to better use all of our strengths toward more comprehensive support.

Creative 60 Medium-Term Corporate
Management Plan
The Kanamoto Group rolled out its Creative 60 medium-term management plan (FY 2020 – FY 2024) at the beginning of the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020. Clear execution of the priority measures outlined by this plan will realize sustainable growth, fully leverage our existing infrastructure and Group capabilities, and solidify the Kanamoto Brand.
AI and other technological advancements to come will completely transform the structure of our industry. The Kanamoto Group cannot simply adapt to and chase these changes but rather establish new standards and business models to create a new Kanamoto Group in the new area by overcoming constraints on growth whether changes outside the company, such as soaring material and labor costs and fiercer competition, or changes inside the company, such as higher rental and personnel expenses.

Sustainable Growth to Overcome the Coronavirus Pandemic
The spread of the novel coronavirus infection plunged 2020 into chaos and there is no end in sight even today. The effects of the coronavirus pandemic are greatly impacting the construction industry where our primary customers do business from project delays due to construction and work stoppages and material deliv- ery delays to on-site measures for avoiding closed spaces, crowded places, and close-contact settings.
The turmoil is also expected to hit domestic investment in construction. Fore- casts anticipate 63.35 trillion yen of investments throughout fiscal 2020, a 3.1% decline year-on-year. This will be the first time in six years we have seen a drop in domestic construction investments after consistent growth since fiscal 2015. In particular the downturn in private investment around residential construction is expected to be significant, dropping 7.5% year-on-year to 37.47 trillion yen. However, a high level of public investment is anticipated with a 4.1% increase to 25.88 trillion yen thanks to ongoing economic measures in Japan, such as Three-year Emergency Measures for National Resilience Contributing to Pre- venting and Mitigating Disasters. This illustrates a clear trend of a rise in civil engineering and fall in construction as well as an increase in the public sector and a decrease in the private sector.
Therefore, the Kanamoto Group will capitalize on its superior skills in civil engi- neering and offer reliable construction equipment rental with an even higher level of versatility and specialty to achieve the sustainable growth that will allow us to overcome this unprecedented coronavirus pandemic.

National Policy Launches with ¥15 Trillion Project Budget
Three-year Emergency Measures for National Resilience Contributing to Pre- venting and Mitigating Disasters underpinning public investment even during thecoronaviruspandemicendsinfiscal2020.However,Japanwilllauncha new five-year plan to accelerate national resilience contributing to the pre- vention and mitigation of disasters in fiscal 2021. This new plan will invest 15 trillion yen over five years. A total of 123 disaster reduction projects will address a wide range of issues from measures to tackle severer storm and flood damage as well as imminent large-scale earthquakes to obsolescence measures for a transition to preventative maintenance of infrastructure in addition to the promotion of a digital transformation aiming to enhance the efficiency of policies toward a more resilient Japan.
Over five years, flood disaster prevention measures to manage river basins will build and reinforce structures such as embankments and proceed river channel excavation to increase the maintenance rate of class A rivers pre- pared for the largest potential floods after World War II from 65% to 73%. These projects also intend to increase anti-landslide and embankment mea- sures along emergency transit routes with a high risk of landslide damage (approx. 33,000 locations) to 73% by fiscal 2025. This policy lays out many specific targets to promote a digital transformation in each field, such as an increase in the implementation rate of ICT in port and harbor construction from 79% in fiscal 2019 to 88% by fiscal 2025.
Elimination of Missing Links to Strengthen the Road System
The new five-year plan to accelerate measures for national resilience contrib- uting to the prevention and mitigation of disasters outlines priority initiatives to eliminate missing links* and expand expressways to four lanes. These measures will build a national disaster-resistant expressway network.
These measures aim to heighten resilience to disasters in roughly 200 sec- tions of road without junction access, including a back-up network of national highways to use as an expressway alternative. These projects will also elimi- nate 30% of the missing links over five years from fiscal 2021 to fiscal 2025 for the purpose of finally connecting all 200 sections of road by fiscal 2041. In addition, construction will prioritize roughly 880 km of provisional two-lane roadways to start the work for expansion to 4-lane roadways from 13% in fiscal 2019 to 47% by fiscal 2025.

Neglected Road Infrastructure
Statutory once-a-five-year close visual inspection of road infrastructure en- acted in 2014 assess bridges and other infrastructure to put in place five- year maintenance measures by designating maintenance needs as Cate- gory III (immediate maintenance) or Category IV (emergency maintenance). 68,838 bridges where designated Category III or Category IV in the Annual Report on Road Maintenance (September 2020) prepared by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism. As of March 31, 2020, Japan had began maintenance on 24,937 bridges (including designs and complet- ed construction), only 36% of the total number of bridges requiring attention. Similar repairs have also only begun on 56% of tunnels requiring attention in 4,417 sites as well as 38% of road attachments in 6,084 locations.
Even as Japan struggles to keep up with repairs found necessary by these inspections, 5% of the bridges assessed as Category I (sound) or II (pre- ventive maintenance) in the initial 2014 inspection were found to be as- sessed as Category III or IV in the second round of inspections in 2019. To address these new challenges, Japan requires an urgent shift to preventive maintenance to properly maintain infrastructure before damage and aging progresses. The five-year plan to accelerate measures for national resilience contributing to the prevention and mitigation of disasters included on page 21 incorporates these measures.

Expectations for New Technologies Driven by Large- scale Renewal of Infrastructure
Japanese infrastructure is clearly aging as shown by once-a-five-year inspec- tions. The percentage of infrastructure more than 50 years old includes rough- ly 25% of road bridges, 20% of tunnels, and 17% of harbor quays. These are just some of the 12 types of infrastructure under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism earmarked for upwards of 194.6 trillion yen in maintenance and renewal over the next 30 years. More- over, large-scale refurbishment plans for expressways outside the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism are underway, which include roughly 3 trillion yen for three NEXCO companies and about 1 trillion yen for Metropolitan Expressway and Hanshin Expressway combined. In this robust maintenance environment, the hope of new technology for build- ing and renovating infrastructure is higher than ever. The Kanamoto Group promotes products and technology for infrastructure maintenance and repairs to actively develop new products and adopt others certified by the New Tech- nology Information System (NETIS)*. We not only have an ample line-up of specialty construction equipment for ground improvements but also teams of ground improvement experts at Group companies. Our equipment and exper- tise helps organization such as petroleum industrial complexes where deep underground construction work, underwater work, and thorough prevention of ground sinking and subsidence are absolutely essential.
The demand for such specialized civil engineering equipment is expected to grow even for overseas projects building infrastructure, such as the ASEAN countries described on pages 28 and 29.

Initiatives for Expanding Use of DX and ICT
The construction industry faces the same challenges as other indus- tries. Using the novel coronavirus pandemic as an opportunity, con- struction companies have no choice but to undertake reforms toward non-contact systems and remote work styles. Digital Transformation (DX) aims to accomplish these operational and work-style reforms by driving digital technologies highlighted as a means to overcome these challenges. Major general contractors are testing and adopting these digital technologies on site to strengthen initiatives employing DX even for infrastructure sectors handled by the Ministry of Land, Infrastruc- ture, Transport and Tourism. The industry has a policy to promote the use of robots and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to encourage the devel- opment of full- and semi-automated construction technology as well as the preparation of three-dimensional digital environments to use in further standardization of ICT construction.
The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism is also pro- moting ICT construction via the i-Construction initiative launched in 2016. This program adopts Information Communication Technologies (ICT) in all processes on construction sites from survey and design to construction and maintenance to save labor and shorten construction periods. The number of ICT construction products under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism increased every year, making up roughly 80% of the construction projects in fis- cal 2019. These ICT technologies have been gradually introduced into projects for earthworks, paving, dredging works and ground improve- ments. As of fiscal 2021, the scope of ICT implementation is expanding to work for erecting buildings, improving roadbeds and various other construction projects.
The Report on Digital Transformation issued by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in 2018 advocates that companies use data and digital technologies to consistently reform organizations and business models as well as radically transform value offerings.

Promotion of Technology to Accelerate ICT in Construction
The digital transformation in infrastructure promoted by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism advocates the development of technology for full- and semi-automated construction using robots and AI. The Kanamoto Group is actively pursuing the development and adoption of equipment leveraging these IoT and ICT technologies. The New Prod- ucts Office leads the Internet of Things Promotion Section as Kanamoto responds to the development needs of equipment employing IoT and ICT technologies from remote-control construction robots that realize wireless operation of general-purpose construction equipment and fully autonomous Tunnel RemOS-WL wheel-type loaders for the excavation of tunnels to con- tact prevention systems for construction equipment equipped with AI object recognition functions. Kanamoto has also established support structure for implementation and operation of construction production systems leverag- ing ICT, including i-Construction, by pioneering dedicated departments such as the Construction ICT Promotion Section.
In September 2020, we welcomed Sooki Holdings to the Kanamoto Group to handle the rental of surveying and measurement equipment key to ICT con- struction as well as the development and rental of automated measurement systems. As a new member of our Group, we anticipate Sooki Holdings will greatly strengthen our foothold in this sector.

2025 Osaka Expo Redevelopment Project
Large-scale investments into projects to tackle aging public infrastructure is not the only work cultivating new demand in the construction market. Other construction projects are underway for international events and ma- jor transportation infrastructure. The 2025 world exposition to be held in Osaka (Expo 2025) is one of these international projects. The Expo 2025 is positioned as one event that will stimulate the economy following the Tokyo Olympics, with an estimated economic effect of approximately 2 trillion yen. The Expo is expected to spend over 350 billion yen in expenditures with 185 billion yen going toward site construction, which far exceeds the initial forecast of 60 billion yen.
Yumeshima, an artificial island in Osaka Bay (total area of 390 hectares) will host this world exposition. However, access to Yumeshima is currently limited to a single tunnel road. Therefore, as a means to transport the roughly 28 million visitors anticipated to attend the fair, plans to expand various railway lines are under review from the Osaka Metro Chuo Line and Keihan Nakanoshima Line to the JR Yumesaki (Sakurajima) Line. Yumeshi- ma also hopes to open an Integrated Resort (IR) with a casino in conjunc- tion with the Expo. Moreover, redevelopment of the harbor area and other infrastructure is expected to accelerate in the future.

Construction Fully Underway on Bullet Train Lines and the Linear Chuo Shinkansen
Japan is also booming with large-scale transportation infrastructure con- struction and maintenance projects with both upgrades and extensions underway on bullet train lines. Work to expand the Hokkaido Shinkan- sen from Shin-Hakodate-Hokuto to Sapporo moves forward in the aim of opening to passengers in fiscal 2030. Construction of the West Ky- ushu route of the Kyushu Shinkansen (Takeo Onsen−Nagasaki segment) is also progressing well with the goal of commencing service in fiscal 2022. In addition, construction has begun on the Hokuriku Shinkansen line between Kanazawa and Tsuruga and is set to open in fiscal 2022, while projects such as the Shin-Hokuriku Tunnel, the sixth largest railway tunnel in Japan, and the Kuzuryu River Bridge, the first combined bullet train and automotive bridge in Japan, move closer to completion. More work is also planned for the Hokuriku Shinkansen Line in fiscal 2031 between Tsuruga and Shin-Osaka with service scheduled to commence in fiscal 2046.
Construction on the Linear Chuo Shinkansen is also progressing well toward the desired start of operations in 2027. The total cost for this enormous project with tunnels making up nearly 86%, or 246.6 km, of the total 285.6 km section of line between Shinagawa and Nagoya is estimated between 8.3 trillion to 9.9 trillion yen. Full-scale construction of the Yamanashi Southern Alps Tunnel has also been underway since December 2015.
Kanamoto launched a Specialized Equipment Engineering Division in Au- gust 2016 to oversee the new Tunnel Machinery and Water Treatment Machinery Sections. These types of structural reforms strengthen our ability to flexibly handle all aspects of infrastructure construction and maintenance in the future unified as a Group with the increase in work on bullet train lines, the Linear Chuo Shinkansen, and various railway and roadway tunnels.

High Infrastructure Demand Forecast in ASEAN Countries
Asia is booming with infrastructure projects underpinned by rapid eco- nomic growth and urbanization in nations such as China, the second larg- est economy in the world, and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), a group of countries that maintains a more than 5% economic growth rate and stable ongoing development.
Thailand is investing about 9 trillion yen into transportation infrastructure primarily in the Bangkok Metropolitan Region and the Eastern Economic Corridor from 2015 to 2022. Singapore is undertaking plans for large- scale developments in tourism around the western area of Jurong Lake leading up to 2026. The Philippines is underway with the Philippines Devel- opment Plan to promote roughly 8 trillion yen in investments for infrastruc- ture through 2022. Vietnam is pushing forward preparations for sewage and drainage systems as well as metropolitan railways in the Ten-Year So- cio-Economic Development Strategy, Hanoi Capital Region Plan 2030, and other national projects. Indonesia has plans to invest upwards of 45 trillion yen in 25 airports, power generation plants, and other new infrastructure construction projects over five years starting in 2020. Malaysia is also en- gaged in the development of large-scale infrastructure in accordance with its Penang Transport Master Plan.
Response to Infrastructure Demand in the Asia and Oceania Region
The Kanamoto Group has entered seven overseas markets thus far: Shang- hai, Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, and Malaysia. We have now successfully entered Australia as our eighth overseas market in 2020 through our first joint venture in the Asia and Oceania Region. Over the next ten years, Australia is undertaking large-scale plans to inject approximately 8.3 trillion yen into construction and maintenance of infra- structure.
In the future, the Kanamoto Group will maintain and further operating results of each Group company and broaden businesses tied to the boom in infra- structure demand happening in ASEAN countries and the rest of Asia as well as Australia while deepening cooperation with partner companies overseas.

System Improvements to Better Utilization Rates and Profit Margins
Kanamoto calculates rental revenues by multiplying the asset quantities, rental unit prices and utilization rate. The core earnings of our Group rely on greater management and operational efficiency of construction equipment. In particular, we see the enhancement of utilization rate through the optimi- zation of internal operational processes as one priority issue. Improvements to existing systems is essential to enhancing the utilization rate. As a first step, we are transitioning from the plates and stickers used for the machine codes of existing rental products to IC tags and QR codes, and have begun warehouse equipment storage and retrieval as well as inventory management by using dedicated readers and communication circuits to scan the identification information that has been registered. The Kanamoto Group is also integrating systems across Group companies. These reforms will minimize differences in the utilization rate between slow and peak seasons, proportionally improve the utilization rate, raise rental revenues, and enhance profit margins through permanent cost reductions. The optimization of internal operational processes includes measures to help promote the digital transformation described on page 24. The plan strives to shift more toward digital technologies even for business model innovations and work-style reforms.

Information System Enhancements to Boost Operational Efficiency
Kanamoto pioneered the first online network in the industry in 1985. In- novation continued with the migration of core systems from mainframes to open systems in 2004 and the introduction of a new Kanamoto web- based system in 2018. These reforms realized greater efficiency in every business operation from inventory management of rental assets to ex- ecution statuses of regular maintenance and inspections as well as the selection of models for offerings in the next quarter. The online Kanamoto system is what facilitates the basic rental foundation to provide the right equipment in the right quantity at the right time. The system not only offers smooth equipment delivery and pickup but also significantly helps put together a product line-up that meets user needs.
We will continue our work to develop IT governance and strive to enhance efficiency of internal business processes while aggressively pursuing proprietary systems.

ESG Overview
The Kanamoto Group conducts business for the purpose of becoming an enterprise entrusted with the future as a good corporate citizen coexisting with society. The shareholders, investors, business partners, employees, lo- cal communities and many other stakeholders make Kanamoto business activities possible as it expands overseas. To achieve our mission and fos- ter sustainable growth, the Kanamoto Group must build close and trusting relationships with our stakeholders through proper corporate conduct. We position and practice ESG as a central aspect of Group management

Contributions to the Success of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
The seventeen Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted at the United Nations Summit in September 2015 are globally shared objectives which at the same time require innovation from the private sector.
The Kanamoto Group also recognizes the importance of helping achieve the SDGs through its business activities. We have identified the SDGs most relevant to our Group businesses from these seventeen and promote initia- tives founded in the priority themes shown in the table on the right toward the success of these objectives.

A Rental Business Contributing to Decarbonization
Kanamoto understands the importance and hope of realizing a decarbon- ized society free from fossil fuels to stop the CO2 and other greenhouse gas emissions responsible for climate change from ESG and SDG standpoints. Our core Group rental business is in and of itself a sharing economy, which contributes to decarbonization throughout all of society.
In addition, the Kanamoto Group has long been strategically shifting resources toward equipment with exhaust control. Every year, we regularly purchase roughly 3,000 pieces of equipment complying with exhaust control regulations to replace existing construction equipment. This investment not only optimizes operational processes via efficient vehicle allocation and Digital Transformation (DX) initiatives but also steadily advances decarbonization.
To achieve decarbonization and realize a sustainable society, the Kanamoto Group must both response to user needs and consider environmental conservation. We will always strive to provide a reliable, eco-friendly rental business, actively upgrading equipment to models that take advantage of environmentally-friendly technologies.

Low-carbon Society Action Plan of Construction Equipment Manufacturers
Construction equipment manufacturers are advancing developments of ma- chines with superior energy-savings, such as hybrid, ICT, and electric-drive equipment. This is the equipment described earlier that Kanamoto buys on an annual basis.
According to the Japan Construction Equipment Manufacturers Association, the development and adoption of fuel-efficient and hybrid models of the three most used types of equipment (excavators, wheel-type loaders, and bulldozers) as well as energy-saving equipment has been estimate to have the potential to reduce CO2 emissions to approximately 1.6 million t-CO2 (levels of CO2 in 1990) by 2030. The industry is set to reduce the man- ufacturing energy consumption rate by 17% from the actual achievement of 2013 as a target for CO2 reductions by 2030, which has accelerated decarbonization efforts throughout the manufacturing industry.
Commercial Vehicle Upgrades and Promotion of In-house Power Generation
Our efforts are not limited to Kanamoto rental construction equipment. We also actively adopt commercial vehicles certified for high fuel efficiency and low emissions. Kanamoto has been an early adopter of hybrid technology for commercial vehicles since mass production began in 1988 and con- sistently upgrades to vehicles with higher fuel efficiency and lower exhaust emissions.
In addition, our branches carry out initiatives to actively use renewable energy via solar power generation systems installed on the building roofs. A transition to renewable energy for in-house power consumption helps reduce CO2 emissions and secures a supply of power even during power outages resulting from large-scale disasters or other incidents. This helps establish a system for business continuity necessary for disaster response.

Appropriate Disclosure and Comprehensive IR Activities
Kanamoto knows the importance of an appropriate market evaluation of corporate value through fair, precise, and prompt informational disclosure. We strive to not only provide information about management and busi- ness conditions as well as corporate activities but also timely and active disclosure of valid information for everyone to understand and assess the Kanamoto Group.
Our IR efforts had actively focused on presentations at IR events for indi- vidual investors, small meetings with institutional investors in Japan, and IR events overseas. However, as a measure to combat the spread of the novel coronavirus infection, the Kanamoto Group has put in place systems to consistently communicate with shareholders from financial results brief- ings to online rather than in person question-and-answer sessions.
Patronage to Support Development of Local Arts and Culture
Kanamoto believes its patronage to support arts and culture helps to en- hance its corporate value. As part of this support, we provide Providence, a former beer hall owned by Kanamoto, free of charge to Muroran City in Hokkaido as a venue for its Port Literature Museum. Kanamoto has also ac- quired the naming rights for the Sapporo Civic Hall where 400,000 people a year attend concerts and take part in life-long learning opportunities. This venue has come to be adored as the Kanamoto hall. The Kanamoto Group works to not only improve its brand recognition but also to help vitalize local education and culture.

Initiatives to Strengthen Health and Safety Systems
One Initiative the Kanamoto Group is strengthening is safety training. We have put in place systems that work to prevent accidents around the Safety and Health Office led by the president. This office regularly conducts in- house seminars and audits and works to raise health and safety awareness at all branches while utilizing safety patrols executed by safety and health working groups. Our efforts to strengthen health and safety systems and eradicate occupational accidents have proven successful. As many as 23 branches in Kanamoto are accident-free over the last 20 years.

Emphasis on Human Resource Development for the Future of Kanamoto
The Kanamoto Group knows excellent human resources with a high level of expertise and skills are the driving force of sustainable growth. That is why we have built systems to extract and nurture the full potential of each and every employee through stratified human resource training and devel- opment programs for sales persons and engineers.
In particular, our engineers focus on learning maintenance and repairs of construction equipment, which requires a wide range of qualifications. In addition to in-house maintenance and repair training, Kanamoto helps employees learn maintenance techniques whether through participation in maintenance and repair training held by each manufacturer or the expan- sion of in-house education programs that encourage employees to acquire various certifications.

Message from the President  History of Creating and Evolving Corporate Value  Ten-Year Summary (Consolidated)  Business OverviewKanamoto Value Creation Process   Kanamoto Group Disaster Response   Feature   ESG Section   Facts and Data
Governance
Kanamoto Corporate Governance Structure
  Kanamoto Group Corporate Governance
      1. Overview of Corporate Governance
The basic Kanamoto approach to corporate governance is to engage in business activities according to a management philosophy that builds and strengthens trust with shareholders, customers, partner companies and local communities as well as employees and their families, which not only enhances corporate value but also helps realize the sustainable development of our Group. Therefore, we strive to build internal management systems as well as maintain and improve the transparency and fairness of management. Our basic approach to corporate governance establishes an information cycle for timely informational disclosure and feedback to management as well as engages in prompt and precise governance measures. We have also defined the action guidelines below to raise specific awareness throughout the Kanamoto Group about our management philosophy.
1. Pursue innovation and mobilize every resource to energize our company
The external environment around Kanamoto is always changing and will never stop. Our Group must evolve to adapt to these changes and avoid weakness and bankruptcy in the future. Ceaseless self- reformation is essential to achieve an ever vibrant organization. Previous success clearly leads to overconfidence. We must quickly put our successes in the past and learn from our mistakes in the pursuit of mental readiness.
2. Always remember Kanamoto competes for profits
The product and service offerings of a company strive to accomplish many things from contributing to society and paying taxes to ensuring stable employment. However, any effort is pointless if the company ceases to exist. Only profit guarantees the survival of a company, and revenue is earned by beating the competition. However, profit should not be earned by any means necessary. Every company and its employees must adhere to compliance as business professionals while never engaging in inappropriate acts as a public entity (company).
3. Maintain a self-directed and independent mind
None of us can rely on others to protect our company and our lifestyles. We must trust in our own abilities to take us leaps and bounds ahead and understand that no one will help us overcome our failures. All of us must be responsible for our actions. The best time to evolve and differentiate oneself from competitors is when the business environment around us is unfavorable.
Overview and Logic Behind Kanamoto Corporate Governance
Corporate governance is the fundamental platform for companies to enhance their social value. Kanamoto and the Kanamoto Group have adopted the various corporate governance systems used today for the purpose of establishing the best and most advanced corporate governance considering the conditions and scale of the organization.
We have adopted an outside director system to ensure more efficient and sound management as well as transparency about our decision making. The executive officer system put in place at Kanamoto also better clarifies supervision and accountability functions.
A one-year term for director appointments establishes a flexible management system while a board of corporate auditors has been put in place to execute managerial audits. As of submission of our securities report, three of the five corporate auditors at Kanamoto are outside auditors and independent officers. The selection of highly independent outside auditors strengthens management supervisory functions and allows us to effectively use functions of auditors, ensuring uncompromising corporate governance.
The Board of Directors is also comprised of nine members who are well versed in Kanamoto Group businesses, and of five highly independent outside directors who bring unique management experience and expertise from other industries, to facilitate rapid and accurate management decision-making.
a. Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is composed of 14 directors, five of whom are outside directors as of the submission of the securities report, for broader perspectives in decision-making and oversight of business execution. As the highest decision-making authority on the execution and supervision of management strategies and business plans, the Board of Directors strives to respond quickly to continually evolving business conditions according to rules governing the Board of Directors by not only holding regular Board of Directors meetings but also extraordinary Board of Directors meetings when necessary.
Members of the Board of Corporate Auditors as well as executive officers (eight members excluding individuals serving concurrently as director) attend these Board of Directors meetings.
Chairman of the Board: Representative Director Kanchu Kanamoto
Board members: President and CEO Tetsuo Kanamoto, Director Hitoshi Narita, Director Tatsuo Kanamoto, Director Kazunori Hashiguchi,
Director Akira Sannomiya, Director Jun Watanabe, Director Shun Hirose, Director Hideaki Yamashita, Outside Director Susumu Naito,
Outside Director Eiji Arita, Outside Director Motoki Yonekawa,
Outside Director Ayako Tabata, and Outside Director Tetsuya Okawa
b. Board of Corporate Auditors
Kanamoto is a company with a Board of Corporate Auditors. This Board of Corporate Auditors consists of five corporate auditors, three of whom are outside corporate auditors. All members of the Board of Corporate Auditors regularly attend Board of Directors meetings to oversee the business execution of directors and fulfill supervisory functions while creating an environment where management appropriately exchanges information and shares opinions on a daily basis.
Charmain: Standing Corporate Auditor Eichu Kanamoto Board members: Standing Corporate Auditor Naoyuki Yokota,
Outside Corporate Auditor Noriaki Ikushima, Outside Corporate Auditor
Katsunori Matsushita, and Outside Corporate Auditor Yasushi Ishiwaka
c. Corporate Officer System
Kanamoto introduced the corporate officer system in 2001 to build a framework that clarifies responsibilities for business execution, enhances dissemination of management policies and other top-down directives, and raises employee awareness about corporate policy. These corporate officers formulate meticulous management strategies to quickly adapt to changes in the market environment as well as ensure comprehensive management of each business division and affiliate company. As of the submission of our security report, Kanamoto has 16 corporate officers, eight of whom serve concurrently as director.
Other Corporate Governance Matters
Kanamoto Internal Control System
Kanamoto has established a variety of bodies as its internal control system. The Internal Control and Auditing Office carries out, evaluates, improves and when necessary rectifies the level of compliance with internal procedures and rules as well as laws and regulations applying to all business activities in addition to internal control pertaining to branch operation, consolidated subsidiaries, and other financial reporting. The Legal Office handles all legal affairs. Kanamoto has also established a Compliance Committee chaired by Kanamoto President and CEO and an Internal Control Committee chaired by the General Manager of the Administration Division.
The basic policy under which the Kanamoto internal control system was formed is as follows:
a. Body Ensuring Execution of Duties of Directors and Employees Appropriately Comply with
laws and the Articles of Incorporation
Kanamoto and its subsidiaries have put in place Ethics Guidelines as a code of conduct for compliance. The Compliance Committee chaired by Kanamoto President and CEO has established systems to raise Group awareness and ensure compliance to laws and the Ethics Guidelines. The Committee has also distributed a handbook summarizing the Kanamoto corporate philosophy and employee code of conduct to all executives and employees to further increase compliance awareness.
We have also set up internal and external compliance hotlines as a consultation and reporting system to resolve any problems quickly when employees or other individuals directly consult or report an issue. These compliance hotlines observe strict confidentiality and ensure anyone who reports a problem will not suffer any unfavorable treatment.
The Legal Office has been established as a body under the direct supervision of the President and CEO to provide proper legal advice on decisions about important legal matters.
b. Informational Preservation and Management Concerning Director Duties
Kanamoto preserves documents and various other information in accordance with laws as well as document administration and retention rules.
Our informational management system complies with internal informational management regulations and general data management rules in addition to personal information protection standards and the Kanamoto Personal Data Protection Manual.
c. Risk Management Rules and Systems
Kanamoto and its subsidiaries have set up systems to identify, evaluate and prevent manifestation of the inherent risks confronting each division in their business activities. These systems clarify the authority and responsibility of each department, oversee risk management across all divisions under the Board of Directors, and continually identify any new risks that arise.
If any unforeseen risks with a large impact on corporate operations manifest, or have the potential to manifest, Kanamoto responds in accordance with its Emergency Response Manual (Contingency Plan) and takes steps to prevent the recurrence or potential recurrence of said risks.
d. System to Ensure Efficient Execution of Director Duties
Kanamoto and its subsidiaries hold regular and extraordinary Board of Directors meetings to approve important matters and promptly make decisions on the execution and supervision of management strategy and business plans. The Board of Directors receives reports on the financial performance of subsidiary companies and all other important matters. Fiscal year and medium-term management plans outline specific Group-wide numerical targets as overall objectives for the management of each division. These divisions then aim to achieve these objectives by setting their own targets, executing specific measures, and managing progress.
Kanamoto has introduced a corporate officer system to accelerate management decision- making as well as clarify the responsibility of supervision and execution functions. Each of these corporate officers is responsible for achieving the management plans approved by the Board of Directors. Kanamoto has designated a one-year term for directors to rapidly adapt to the dramatically changing management environment.
e. Systems to Ensure Appropriate Business Operations for a Corporate Group Comprised of Kanamoto, Parent Companies and Subsidiaries
Kanamoto requires each Group company follows its Ethics Guidelines while expanding the scope of the Compliance Committee and reporting systems Group wide to ensure proper practices in all business activities.
Kanamoto and its affiliate companies have put in place and operate internal control systems that maintain an environment with excellent oversight in accordance with the Financial
Instruments and Exchange Act and can strengthen and properly evaluate the effectiveness of Group-wide internal control and financial reporting audits as well as supervision functions of operational processes. Each body (individual) assumes the following responsibilities for internal control matters concerning financial reporting: ◦Management will have the final say in all Kanamoto activities and shall prepare   and operate internal control systems according to this basic policy.
◦ The Board of Directors will assume responsibility for supervising the internal control  systems prepared and operated by management and shall monitor and supervise  whether management is properly executing financial reporting and internal   control functions.
◦ The Board of Corporate Auditors shall monitor and verify financial reporting as well as   progress in preparation and operation of internal control systems from an independent   standpoint.
◦ The Internal Control and Auditing Office shall objectively evaluate the effectiveness of   internal control systems related to financial reporting at Kanamoto and affiliate companies   on behalf of management from an independent standpoint in accordance with the audit   rules and propose any necessary corrective actions or reforms to management and the   Board of Directors.
f. Matters Concerning Employees Requested to Assist the Board of Corporate Auditors in Auditing Functions
Kanamoto assigns auditing staff to assist in auditing functions as necessary upon the request of the Board of Corporate Auditors. Kanamoto transfers the authority to supervise auditing staff assisting in matters designated by the Board of Corporate Auditors. The auditing staff also receives no instructions from directors to ensure the directives issued by the Board of Corporate Auditors are effectively carried out.
g. Matters Concerning the Independence of the Auditing Staff Above from Directors
The Board of Corporate Auditors shall have final say over personnel matters of auditing
staff (appointments, transfers and evaluations).
h. System for Directors and Employees to Report to the Board of Corporate Auditors and Other Systems for Reporting to the Board of Corporate Auditors and for Securing the Effectiveness of Audits Carried Out by the Board of Auditors
The Board of Corporate Auditors attends not only the Board of Directors meetings to audit director duties but also principal conferences or committee meetings necessary to understand important decisions and the progress of business execution.
The directors and employees of Kanamoto and its subsidiaries promptly report to the Board of Corporate Auditors any facts discovered which cause or may cause significant harm to the Kanamoto Group. Standing corporate auditors circulate a report on these matters for managerial approval and may also request a briefing from said directors or employees as necessary. Kanamoto protects anyone who files a report with the Board of Corporate Auditors from unfavorable treatment on the grounds of said report.
The Board of Corporate Auditors also meet regularly with Kanamoto President and CEO to discuss issues Kanamoto should address as well as important auditing matters. The Internal Control and Auditing Office submits the results of audits as an internal control audit report immediately after completion of an audit to the President and CEO as well as the Board of Corporate Auditors.
The Board of Corporate Auditors and the Internal Control and Auditing Office also exchange
information and coordinate with accounting auditors, lawyers and other outside experts.
i. Policy Matters Concerning Expenses, Liabilities and Other Procedures Arising from Board of Corporate Auditor Duties
Kanamoto processes, pays or reimburses expenses and liabilities arising from Board of Corporate Auditor duties upon request by the Board of Corporate Auditors, except when deemed unnecessary for the execution of said Board of Corporate Auditor duties.
j. Basic Approach and Current Measures for the Exclusion of Antisocial Forces
Kanamoto adamantly prohibits any and all business dealings and relationships with antisocial forces, individuals or groups who threaten public order and safety or obstruct sound corporate operations in its Ethics Guidelines. We are not only uncompromising in our stance of exclusion but also strive to gather information from specialized external agencies and conduct internal employee training and other enlightenment programs through the proper departments. In emergency situations, Kanamoto seeks assistance from competent police departments, legal counsel and other relevant authorities to systematically intercept and stop unreasonable demands from antisocial elements.
Status of Systems to Ensure Proper Business Practices at Subsidiaries Subject to Mandatory Reporting
Kanamoto oversees Group company management in accordance with the Guidance Rules for Affiliated Company Operations. The regulations make regular reports from Group companies on business performance, operating results and financial conditions mandatory while also
ensuring proper business practices through audits by the Internal Control and Auditing Office when necessary.
Overview of Limited Liability Agreements
Kanamoto enters into agreements with outside directors and outside corporate auditors pursuant to the provisions of Article 427, Paragraph (1) of the Companies Act to limit their liability for damages provided for in Article 423, Paragraph (1) of the Companies Act. The limit of liability for damages based on these agreements is the amount stipulated by laws and regulations for outside directors and outside corporate auditors. This limitation of liability only applies if said outside director or outside corporate auditor performed the duties responsible for a liability issue in good faith without gross negligence.
Number of Directors
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that the number of directors shall not exceed twenty (20).
Requirements for Approval of Director Appointments
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that resolutions on director appointments must be approved by a majority of shareholders who are present and own shareholdings amounting to one-third (1/3) or more of the voting rights of shareholders eligible to exercise their voting rights. Moreover, the Articles of Incorporation prohibit cumulative voting on proposals for director appointments.
Requirements for Special Resolutions at the General Meeting of Shareholders
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that special resolution requirements for the General Meeting of Shareholders provided for in Article 309, paragraph (2) of the Companies Act shall be adopted by at least two-thirds (2/3) of the shareholders in attendance who hold at least one-third (1/3) of the voting rights of shareholders eligible to exercise their voting rights. The purpose of these requirements is to ease the quorum for special resolutions and ensure smooth General Meetings of Shareholders.
Decision-Making Body for Surplus Dividends and Other Matters
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that Kanamoto shall determine surplus dividends and other matters as set forth in the provisions of Article 459, paragraph (1) of the Companies Act at the discretion of the Board of Directors, without resolution at the General Meeting of Shareholders, except as otherwise provided for by laws or regulations. The purpose of these requirements is to place surplus dividends and other matters under the authority of the Board of Directors and provide a flexible return of profits to shareholders.
Acquisition of Treasury Shares
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that Kanamoto may, by resolution of the Board of Directors, acquire its own shares through market transactions or other means pursuant to Article 165, Paragraph (2) of the Companies Act. The acquisition of treasury shares enables Kanamoto to flexibly accomplish financial policies as well as other management measures in response to changes in the economic climate.
Director and Corporate Auditor Exemption from Liability
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that Kanamoto may, by resolution of the Board of Directors and pursuant to the provisions of Article 426, Paragraph (1) of the Companies Act, exempt directors (including former directors) and corporate auditors (including former Board of Corporate Auditor members) from liability within the limits of laws and regulations as provided for in Article 423, Paragraph 1 of the Companies Act. The purpose of this exemption from liability is to create an environment in which directors and corporate auditors can fully utilize their abilities and fulfill their expected duties.
Basic Policy on Control of Joint-Stock Companies
Kanamoto has not defined basic policies related to persons who determine its financial and business policies.
       Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
                   42 Kanamoto 2021
Kanamoto 2021 43
Message from the President  History of Creating and Evolving Corporate Value  Ten-Year Summary (Consolidated)  Business OverviewKanamoto Value Creation Process   Kanamoto Group Disaster Response   Feature   ESG Section   Facts and Data
 Corporate Officers
List of Corporate Officers
Please see pages 46 and 47.
Outside Corporate Officers
Kanamoto has five outside directors: a Senior Managing Executive Officer of ORIX Motor Corporation, an Executive Officer of ORIX Corporation, the President of Social Medical Corporation Hokuyukai, a Director of Lavender Law Office, and partner and attorney at law of Hashimoto Okawa Law Office. ORIX Corporation Ltd. is a major shareholder of Kanamoto and has business transactions with the Company, including installment contracts. Kanamoto also has business transactions with ORIX Motor Corporation, including operating leases. In addition, Hashimoto Okawa Law Office acts as legal counsel for Kanamoto. However, Kanamoto provides no improper benefits to any of these entities. The three outside corporate auditors include an individual with extensive experience and knowledge in municipal administration and management, a full-time corporate auditor of Kanamoto's main financial bank, and a certified public accountant with specialized business experience. All of our outside directors and outside corporate auditors are providing appropriate guidance on Kanamoto business execution from their own unique perspectives. None of these outside officers have personal relationships with Kanamoto corporate officers. Kanamoto has defined standards and policies concerning outside director independence for the appointment of outside directors. We also refer to guidelines, such as the criteria for independence of directors and corporate auditors defined by the regulations, etc. of the Tokyo and Sapporo Stock Exchanges for publicly-listed companies. All five of our outside directors and three of our outside corporate auditors serve as independent officers.
Mutual Cooperation among Supervision and Auditing by Outside Directors and Outside Corporate Officers, Internal Audits, Audits by the Board of Corporate Auditors and Accounting Audits, and the Relationship with Internal Control Departments
Outside corporate auditors strive to collect information, coordinate in supervisory functions and enhance the effectiveness of audits through means that include reports on audit plans and results from internal audit departments and accounting auditors via the Board of Corporate Auditors. At Board of Directors Meetings, outside directors and outside corporate auditors verify the quality of internal control in various ways that include reports from the Internal Control and Auditing Office, Compliance Committee and the Business Process Reengineering Office.
Audits by the Board of Corporate Auditors
a. Organization, Composition and Procedures of the Board of Corporate Auditors
Kanamoto is a company with a Board of Corporate Auditors made up of five corporate auditors, two of whom are standing corporate auditors and three of whom are independent outside corporate auditors.
Standing Corporate Auditor Naoyuki Yokota and Outside Corporate Auditor Katsunori Matsushita have a long track record in banking. Outside Corporate Auditor Yasushi Ishiwaka has been involved in corporate accounting as a certified public accountant for many years and has extensive knowledge in both finance and accounting.
b. Corporate Auditor and Board of Corporate Auditor Activities
The primary supervisory functions of the Board of Corporate Auditors are to draft auditing policy and plans, prepare audit reports, evaluate the adequateness of accounting auditors and accounting audits, give consent to remuneration proposals, and assess the progress and operation of internal control systems, proposals for the General Meeting of Shareholders, and the adequateness of interim and year-end dividends.
Standing corporate auditors audit all business operations according to auditing policies and plans drafted by the Board of Corporate auditors through means such as attending Board of Directors and other important meetings, discussing the progress of business execution with directors and other corporate officers, reviewing important approval documents, and conducting on-site audits at branch offices and subsidiary companies. Standing corporate auditors work closely with accounting auditors from briefings on accounting plans at the beginning of the fiscal year to discussions and oversight of audits as necessary during and briefings of audit results at the end of the fiscal year.
Outside corporate auditors attend Board of Corporate Auditor meetings, Board of Director meetings, business report briefings from affiliate companies, and other meetings for discussions between the president and corporate officers as well as gather information by inspecting important bases and talking with employees. Internal auditing departments and accounting auditors work to strengthen cooperation and form opinions on auditing matters by providing and receiving reports and exchanging information.
Internal Audits
The Internal Control and Auditing Office, corporate auditors, and accounting auditors cooperate and exchange information to conduct internal audits of overall business operations according to annual auditing plans. The six-person Internal Control and Auditing Office conducts on-site internal audits of every branch once every three years to provide specific directions, corrective actions and guidance aiming to improve business operations. This fiscal year Kanamoto conducted on-site internal audits at 59 branches. Upon completion of each audit, the Internal Control and Auditing Office promptly submitted an audit report to not only the Kanamoto president, chairman of the board, and other members of management but also corporate auditors and relevant departments.
Current State of Accounting Audits
a. Auditing Firm
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
b. Continuous Auditing Period
Since 1988
The continuous auditing period above is the term within the verifiable scope of Kanamoto. The actual continuous auditing period may exceed the above term.
c. Staff Assisting with Audits
The staff assisting with Kanamoto accounting audits includes 12 certified public
accountants and 14 other individuals.
d. Policies and Reasons for Auditing Firm Selection
Kanamoto selected Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC in accordance with the Criteria for Selection of Accounting Auditor Candidates drafted by the Board of Corporate Auditors after careful consideration of factors that included auditing firm overviews, matters of independence, internal control systems, and auditing fees.
The Board of Corporate Auditors has the right to dismiss accounting auditors with unanimous consent of all members if any reason under Article 340, Paragraph (1) in the Companies Act applies to the accounting auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors determines remediation impossible.
The Board of Corporate Auditors may also dismiss or disqualify the accounting auditor if deemed necessary, such as when a proper audit cannot be carried out due to any reason arising that impairs the eligibility or independence of the accounting auditor.
e. Corporate Auditor and Board of Corporate Auditor Evaluations of Auditing Firms
Corporate Auditors and the Board of Corporate Auditors evaluate the eligibility of the accounting auditors, quality management system preparations, auditing plans, the auditing team organization, auditing results, and the quality of communication with corporate auditors in addition to other aspects of the auditing firm through communications with accounting auditors, visits to auditing sites, and other means in accordance with the Criteria for Evaluating the Independent of Auditors drafted by the Board of Corporate Auditors.
According to the results of these evaluations, the Board of Corporate Auditors has found no issue with the performance of the accounting auditors for the consolidated fiscal term under review.
Breakdown of Auditing Fees
a. Audit and Certified Public Accountant Service Fees
Previous Consolidated Fiscal Year
convened on January 26, 2007 set the upper limit of fixed remuneration for corporate auditors at an annual amount of ¥50 million. As of the reporting date, Kanamoto has 12 directors and five corporate auditors eligible for payment under these remuneration limits. Although Kanamoto has not stipulated a policy to determine a calculation method for the amount of director fixed remuneration, the President and Chief Executive Officer with the consent of the Board of Directors has discretion to determine an amount of compensation within the upper limit of remuneration approved at the General Meeting of Shareholders according to an evaluation of each director. Kanamoto determines the remuneration for outside directors according to their role and independence. Kanamoto determines the fixed remuneration for corporate auditors through deliberation with the Board of Corporate Auditors within the upper limit of remuneration approved at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
The 56th General Meeting of Shareholders convened on January 28, 2021 set the upper limit of remuneration provided for under the transfer-restricted stock-based compensation system for directors (excluding outside directors) to no more than ¥100 million annually (excluding employee salaries) and the total number of common shares issued or disposed of shall not exceed 50,000 shares (provided that, the said total number shall be adjusted within a reasonable range if a split or consolidation of common shares of Kanamoto [including allotment without contribution of common shares of the Company] is conducted on or after the day of the resolution or if any other necessity arises to adjust the total number of common shares of Kanamoto issued or disposed of as restricted shares). The Board of Directors will determine the amount to be paid in per share based on the closing price of common Kanamoto shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange for the business day immediately preceding each date of resolution of the Board of directors (if no transaction is made on that date, the closing price of the most recent trading day preceding that date) within the range in which the price may not be particularly advantageous to eligible directors who subscribe to the relevant common shares.
Total Remuneration and Other Compensation by Officer Classification, Total Amount by Type of Remuneration and Other Compensation, and Eligible Number of Officers
Material Salaries Paid to Corporate Officers Serving Concurrently as Employees
Adoption of a Transfer-restricted Stock-based Compensation System
Kanamoto adopted a transfer-restricted stock-based compensation system by resolution at the 56th General Meeting of Shareholders held January 28, 2021.
    CategoryReporting CompanyConsolidated SubsidiariesTotalConsolidated Fiscal Year Under Review
Audit Certification Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
Non-audit Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
45
-
17
-
63
-Officer Classification
Total Remuneration and Other Compensation (Millions of Yen)
Total Amount by Type of Remuneration and Other Compensation (Millions of Yen)
Number of Eligible Officers (Persons)
Fixed Remuneration
Performance-based Compensation
Retirement Benefits
Directors (excluding outside directors)
98
98
-
-
9
Corporate Auditors (excluding outside corporate auditors)
25
25
-
-
2
Outside Corporate Officers
7
7
-
-
6 Audit Certification Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
Non-audit Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
41 2 15 - 56 2
(Previous Consolidated Fiscal Year)
Non-audit service fees for outsourcing of procedural services agreed upon by Kanamoto. (Consolidated Fiscal Year Under Review)
There are no non-audit services for Kanamoto or its subsidiaries for the consolidated fiscal year under review.
b. Audit and Certified Public Accountant Service Fees in the Same Network (Ernst & Young Member Firms; Excluding Services Fees Outlined in [a.])
Previous Consolidated Fiscal Year
 Current State of Audits
  Total (Millions of Yen)Number of Eligible Officers (Persons)Details
876Amount paid as employee salariesCategoryReporting CompanyConsolidated SubsidiariesTotalConsolidated Fiscal Year Under Review
Audit Certification Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
Non-audit Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
-
98
-
-
-
98
Audit Certification Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
Non-audit Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
 -3 -- -3
(Previous Consolidated Fiscal Year)
Non-audit service fees paid by Kanamoto for tax consultation, and other services. (Consolidated Fiscal Year Under Review)
Non-audit service fees paid by Kanamoto for financial due diligence, tax consultation, and other services.
c. Other Essential Audit Certification Service Fees
There are no other essential audit certification service fees.
d. Policies to Determine Auditing Fees
Kanamoto determines auditing fees with the consent of the Board of Corporate Auditors by taking into account the business scale and characteristics as well as the time required for the audit.
e. Reasons for Board of Corporate Auditor Consent of Accounting Auditor Service Fees
The Board of Corporate Auditors consented to service fees for accounting auditors with reference to past performance and service fees after an overall evaluation of auditing plans and performance of the accounting auditors.
Policy Matters Concerning Officer Remuneration and Calculation Methods
Director remuneration at Kanamoto consists of fixed compensation, incentives determined according to sustainable enhancements in corporate value, and a transfer-restricted stock-based compensation system with the aim of further proceeding value sharing with stockholders. Remuneration for corporate auditors consists of fixed compensation.
A resolution at the 26th General Meeting of Shareholders convened on January 24, 1991 set the upper limit of fixed remuneration for directors at an annual amount of ¥240 million (not including the employee salaries). A resolution at the 42nd General Meeting of Shareholders
  Officer Remuneration
  44 Kanamoto 2021
Kanamoto 2021 45

  Message from the President  History of Creating and Evolving Corporate Value  Ten-Year Summary (Consolidated)  Business Overview
F財in務anセcクiaシl Sョeンction
Report of Operating Results and Financial Position for the 56th Business Period (November 1, 2019 ‒ October 31, 2020)
■ Consolidated Sales and Sales Ratio by Segment   (Millions of yen; % change from prior year)
   Matters Concerning the Corporate Group
Summary of consolidated fiscal year operating results
During the consolidated fiscal year under review, Japan’s economy con- tinued to be unpredictable, with corporate earnings and the employment environment on an improving trend, but with greatly restricted economic activities due to the spread of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Also, the outlook for the business conditions of the global economy re- mained unclear due to movement restrictions and city lockdowns caused by COVID-19, in addition to the effects of the trade frictions between the US and China.
In the construction industry where the Kanamoto Group belongs, public sector investments were firm, mainly in construction related to restoration, recovery and prevention from natural disasters, and in the promotion of the national resilience related to measures against the aging of infrastructure, while for the private sector construction investments there are concerns that capital investment is cooling due to a decline in investment sentiment, and other conditions that demand close attention persist.
In such circumstances, the Group has worked to achieve its Medium-Term Corporate Management Plan “Creative 60” (FY2020-2024) by promoting three key measures: expansion of domestic bases for operations, over- seas expansion, and optimization of internal operations. In addition, while implementing measures against infections and reducing fixed costs, we also strove to further increase corporate value by training personnel for the future, strengthening the foundation of the alliance group at in Japan and abroad, and implementing an asset strategy that pays close attention to the market environment.
Consequently, in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020 net sales fell 0.9% from the prior consolidated fiscal year level to ¥179,053 million. On the earnings front, operating profit decreased 20.1% year-onyear to ¥14,250 million, ordinary profit fell 21.9% to ¥14,268 million, and profit attributable to owners of parent fell 25.9% to ¥8,466 million, due to such factors as the extension of the used construction equipment operation period as planned at the beginning of the fiscal year, and the impact of increased depreciation associated with additional capital investment for disaster recovery.
Summary of consolidated operating results by business segment
Business related to the Construction Equipment Rental Division
In the construction-related business, which is Kanamoto’s core business, public sector investments were relatively steady due to the full-scale imple- mentation of construction related to disaster recovery, infrastructure and disaster prevention, but private sector construction investments did not reach a full-fledged recovery in rental demand for construction equipment, as construction was canceled or postponed at some sites.
In addition, the Group has strengthened its operations bases by working on business alliances that are expected to have high synergistic effects in Ja- pan and abroad, and by expanding its product lineup to immediately meet a wide variety of demands. As a result, sales by region in this business were up 3.1% in the Hokkaido Region, down 1.6% in the Tohoku Region, down 0.7% in the Kanto & Koushinetsu Region, up 4.8% in the Nishi-nihon Region, and up 1.7% in the Kyushu & Okinawa Region.
In addition, used construction equipment sales decreased 26.4% year-on- year, as Kanamoto carried out the sale as planned at the beginning of the fiscal year.
Reflecting these factors, the Kanamoto Group posted net sales in the construction-related businesses of ¥160,826 million, a decrease of 0.6% year-on-year, and operating profit of ¥12,852 million, a decrease of 22.1%.
Other Businesses
In the Company’s other businesses, sales performed well in the welfare and information-related business, while the steel products-related busi- ness was affected by the fall in steel materials prices, resulting in a 3.4% decrease year-on-year in net sales to ¥18,226 million and a 6.1% increase in operating profit to ¥969 million.
Outlook for the Next Fiscal Year (Fiscal year ending October 2021)
Regarding the outlook for the next fiscal year, the impact of COVID-19 on economic activity and the timing of its settlement are unclear, and there are concerns about a decline in private construction investment due to the decline in the physical economy. Meanwhile, although public sector invest- ments will continue to be required for construction related to recovery and reconstruction from increasingly severe natural disasters, disaster preven- tion and mitigation, and maintenance and renewal of aging social capital, we do not expect an optimistic outlook for rental demand for construction equipment in this difficult environment.
In such circumstances, to achieve the goals of its Medium-Term Corpo- rate Management Plan “Creative 60” (FY2020-2024), the Group aims to strengthen its profitability by assessing the medium- to long-term demand outlook, securing optimal asset holdings and model mix, promoting innova-
Projected Operating Results for the Fiscal Year Ending October 31, 2021
Net sales
Operating profit
Ordinary profit
Consolidated:Profit attributable to owners of parent / Non-consolidated:Net income Net income per share
tion in response to changes, and further improving operational efficiency and productivity, based on the promotion of three key measures: expansion of domestic bases for operations, overseas expansion, and optimization of internal operations. The Company will also work to become a true general rental company by pursuing synergies through M&As both in Japan and abroad to further enhance the Group’s strength and enhance its efforts in low market share regions and areas.
Through the above measures, for the fiscal year ending October 31, 2021, the Kanamoto Group aims for net sales of ¥190.3 billion, a growth of 6.3% year-on-year, operating profit of ¥15.0 billion, a growth of 5.3%, ordinary profit of ¥15.2 billion, a growth of 6.5%, and profit attributable to owners of parent of ¥9.0 billion, a growth of 6.3%.
                Consolidated Operating Results
Net sales
Operating profit
Ordinary profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Net income per share
Divisional Sales (Consolidated)Fiscal year ending October 31, 2020179,053 (ー 0.9)14,250(ー 20.1)14,268(ー 21.9)8,466(ー 25.9)¥ 221.45Fiscal year ending October 31, 2020160,826(ー 0.6)18,226(ー 3.4)179,053(ー 0.9)Consolidated full-year projectionNon-consolidated full-year projection190,300(6.3)119,100(0.4)15,000(5.3)
ー15,200(6.5)8,800(1.1)9,000(6.3)5,900(0.7)¥ 235.40¥ 154.32Fiscal year ending October 31, 2019
180,694 (7.4) 17,842 (1.4) 18,277(2.3) 11,430(ー 3.6)
¥ 295.30
Construction equipment rental business
Other businesses
Total
Fiscal year ending October 31, 2019
161,831(7.5)
18,862(9.9)
180,694(7.4)
(Millions of yen; % change from prior year)54 Kanamoto 2021
Kanamoto 2021 55
(Millions of yen; % change from prior year)
(Millions of yen; % change from prior year)
Kanamoto Value Creation Process   Kanamoto Group Disaster Response   Feature   ESG Section   Facts and Data
 
  Message from the President  History of Creating and Evolving Corporate Value  Ten-Year Summary (Consolidated)  Business Overview
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Assets
Current assets
Prior consolidated fiscal year
(As of October 31, 2019)
Millions of yen
¥
Current consolidated fiscal year (As of October 31, 2020)
Prior consolidated fiscal year
(As of October 31, 2019)
Millions of yen
Current consolidated fiscal year (As of October 31, 2020)
          Millions of yen
¥ 48,563 41,451 6,166 1,205 148 1,234 19,918 2,495
(230)
120,952
251,783 (153,225)
98,557
39,804 (23,293)
16,510
9,611 (8,025)
1,585
37,421 4,143
(2,054)
2,088
156,164
7,499 1,455
8,954
8,974 2,377 3,557
(618)
14,291
179,410
¥ 300,362
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
$ 464,273 396,287 58,949 11,522 1,418 11,804 190,424 23,854
(2,202)
1,156,332
2,407,107 (1,464,869)
942,237
380,539 (222,691)
157,847
91,887 (76,727)
15,160
357,753 39,610
(19,646)
19,964
1,492,963
71,694 13,916
85,610
85,798 22,730 34,014
(5,912)
136,630
1,715,205
$ 2,871,537
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
  Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade
Electronically recorded monetary claims - operating
Merchandise and finished goods
Costs on construction contracts in progress
Raw materials and supplies
Construction machine parts
Other 2,527 Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
43,751 39,574 6,347 1,017 33 800 17,567
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable - trade Short-term borrowings
Current portion of bonds payable Current portion of long-term borrowings Lease obligations
Income taxes payable Provision for bonuses Accounts payable - other Other
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable
Long-term borrowings
Lease obligations
Long-term accounts payable - other Retirement benefit liability
Asset retirement obligations Deferred tax liabilities
Other
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Share capital
Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
¥
33,657 1,120 − 11,147 885 4,245 1,320 23,370 2,772
78,519
− 17,206 1,800 48,043 285 492 − 55
67,883
146,403
17,829 19,324 76,638
(9)
113,783
1,918 0
(192) (2)
1,723
6,272
121,779
¥
37,975 1,035 44 12,942 1,342 2,401 1,462 25,489 4,913
87,606
24 30,082 2,857 52,246 498 545 221 91
86,567
174,174
17,829 19,324 82,599
(2,009)
117,744
1,522 -
(126) (49)
1,346
7,097
126,188
$
363,056 9,894 420 123,732 12,832 22,959 13,981 243,685 46,974
837,539
229 287,592 27,321 499,493 4,762 5,214 2,118 875
827,607
1,665,147
170,457 184,746 789,667
(19,208)
1,125,662
14,558 -
(1,205) (476)
12,876
67,851
1,206,390
(225)
111,393
    Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Rental equipment Accumulated depreciation Rental equipment, net
Buildings and structures Accumulated depreciation Buildings and structures, net
Machinery, equipment and vehicles Accumulated depreciation
Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net
Land Other
Accumulated depreciation
Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Goodwill
Other
Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Deferred tax assets
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
220,812 (134,957)
85,855
37,453 (22,060)
15,393
7,828 (6,377)
1,451
37,211 2,857
(1,684)
1,173
141,084
201 1,478
1,680
9,319 1,714 3,344
(353)
14,024
156,789
¥ 268,182
¥ 268,182
¥ 300,362
$ 2,871,537
                         56 Kanamoto 2021
Kanamoto 2021 57
Kanamoto Value Creation Process   Kanamoto Group Disaster Response   Feature   ESG Section   Facts and Data
 Note: U.S. dollar amounts have been converted from yen for convenience only, at the rate ¥104.60=US $1, the approximate exchange rate on October 30, 2020.
Financial Section

  Message from the President  History of Creating and Evolving Corporate Value  Ten-Year Summary (Consolidated)  Business Overview
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Income
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit
Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Rental income
Insurance claim income
Temporary transfer charges income Reversal of allowance for doubtful accounts Other
Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses
Share issuance costs
Foreign exchange losses
Loss on cancellation of leases
Provision of allowance for doubtful accounts Other
Total non-operating expenses
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Gain on sales of non-current assets Gain on sales of investment securities Subsidy income
Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Loss on sales and retirement of non-current assets
Loss on valuation of investment securities
Loss on valuation of shares of subsidiaries and associates Total extraordinary losses
Profit before income taxes
Income taxes - current Income taxes - deferred Total income taxes Profit
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Prior consolidated fiscal year
(From November 1, 2018 to October 31, 2019)
Millions of yen
¥ 180,694 127,766
52,928
35,085
17,842
28 165 80 69 107 14 349
815
88 46 22 42
4 177
380
18,277
38 15 19
74
189 − 438
627
17,723
6,214 (698)
Current consolidated fiscal year (From November 1, 2019 to October 31, 2020)
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
Prior consolidated fiscal year
(From November 1, 2018 to October 31, 2019)
Millions of yen
Current consolidated fiscal year
(From November 1, 2019 to October 31, 2020)
Kanamoto Value Creation Process   Kanamoto Group Disaster Response   Feature   ESG Section   Facts and Data
           Millions of yen
¥ 179,053 127,925
51,128
36,877
14,250
       44
      170
       86
       77
       91
       28
      241
740
82 - 75 60 340 163
722
14,268
17 - 12
30
206 171 188
567
13,731
4,785 (381)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
$ 1,711,790 1,222,993
488,796
352,555
136,240
425 1,632 823 744 871 271 2,308
7,078
784 - 724 579 3,259 1,560
6,907
136,411
171 - 117 288
1,978 1,642 1,804
5,425
131,273
45,746 (3,645)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
  ¥ 12,207 ¥ 9,327 (234) (397)
$ 89,173
(3,796) (0)
634 (579) (3,742)
85,430
77,342 $ 8,088
       770 ¥ 846 Note: U.S. dollar amounts have been converted from yen for convenience only, at the rate ¥104.60=US $1, the approximate exchange rate on October 30, 2020.
¥
0 (0) (192) 66
(10) (60) (437) (391)
11,770 8,936 10,999 8,089
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (From November 1, 2018 to October 31, 2020)
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
¥ 67,086
(2,382) 504 11,430
9,552
¥ 76,638
(2,505) 8,466
5,960 ¥ 82,599
Accumulated other comprehensive income
   Capital Share capital surplus
¥ 13,652 ¥ 14,916 4,176 4,176
(13)
243
4,176 4,407
¥ 17,829 ¥ 19,324
(0)
− (0) ¥ 17,829 ¥ 19,324
Treasury shares
¥ (2,129)
(0) 2,120
2,120
(9)
(2,000)
Total shareholders’ equity
¥ 93,526
8,353 (2,382) 504
11,430 (13)
(0) 2,364
20,257
¥ 113,783
(2,505) 8,466
(0) (2,000)
3,960 ¥ 117,744
Valuation difference on shareholders’ available-for- equity sale securities
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Non- controlling interests
¥ 6,351
(78)
(78)
¥ 6,272
825
825 ¥ 7,097
Non- controlling interests
$ 59,963
7,888
7,888 $ 67,851
Total net assets
¥ 102,031
8,353 (2,382) 504
11,430 (13)
(0) 2,364 (509) 19,748 ¥ 121,779
(2,505) 8,466
(0)
(2,000) 448 4,409 ¥ 126,188
Total net assets
$ 1,164,238
(23,956) 80,943
(0)
(19,120) 4,287 42,152 $ 1,206,390
Valuation difference on available-for- sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥ 2,153
− − − −
−
−
− (430) (430)
¥ 1,723
− −
− −
(376)
(376) ¥ 1,346
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
$ 16,477
- -
-
- (3,601) (3,601)
$ 12,876
 Millions of yen
 Balance at beginning of period
Changes during period
Issuance of new shares
Dividends of surplus
Change in scope of consolidation
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions with non-controlling interests
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during period
Balance at beginning of period
Changes during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions with non-controlling interests
Purchase of treasury shares
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during period
Balance at end of period
Balance at beginning of period
Changes during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions with non-controlling interests
Purchase of treasury shares
Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes during period
Balance at end of period
¥ 2,148
(229)
(229)
¥ 1,918
(395)
(395) ¥ 1,522
¥ 0
0
0
¥ 0
(0)
(0) ¥ –
¥
¥ (192)
66
66 ¥ (126)
    $
(88)
(19,120)
$ 1,087,797 $ 18,343
(23,956) 80,943
(0) (19,120)
(3,785) 37,865 (3,785) $ 1,125,662 $ 14,558
$
(0) $ -
¥
5
(8) (8) (2)
(46)
0
(0)
$
(449) $ (476)
−
(192)
(192)
¥
¥
(46) ¥ (49)
Financial Section
    Share capital
$ 170,457
- $ 170,457
Capital surplus
$ 184,746
(0)
(0) $ 184,746
Total
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment
$ (1,839)
634
634 $ (1,205)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
$ 732,681
(23,956) 80,943
56,986 $ 789,667
(2,000) ¥ (2,009)
Treasury shares
Accumulated other comprehensive income
    Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
   5,515 4,403 42,100
12,207 9,327 89,173
777 860 8,229
(27)
(449)
   ¥ 11,430 ¥ 8,466
$ 943
(19,120) $ (19,208)
  Note: U.S. dollar amounts have been converted from yen for convenience only, at the rate ¥104.60=US $1, the approximate exchange rate on October 30, 2020.
Note: U.S. dollar amounts have been converted from yen for convenience only, at the rate ¥104.60=US $1, the approximate exchange rate on October 30, 2020.
58 Kanamoto 2021
Kanamoto 2021 59

  Message from the President  History of Creating and Evolving Corporate Value  Ten-Year Summary (Consolidated)  Business Overview
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before income taxes
Depreciation 27,562
Kanamoto Value Creation Process   Kanamoto Group Disaster Response   Feature   ESG Section   Facts and Data
 Financial Section
    Prior consolidated fiscal year
(From November 1, 2018 to October 31, 2019)
Millions of yen
142 151 828
(1,200) (3,847)
− (15)
438 (10)
172 9
(194) 293 88
(11) (3,505) (13)
2,025 2,516 92
Current consolidated fiscal year
(From November 1, 2019 to October 31, 2020)
Prior consolidated fiscal year
(From November 1, 2018 to October 31, 2019)
Millions of yen
Current consolidated fiscal year
(From November 1, 2019 to October 31, 2020)
        Amortization of goodwill
Loss (gain) on sales and retirement of non-current assets
Cost transfer resulting from sale of rental equipment
Purchase of construction equipment and materials
Purchase of rental equipment
Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Loss on valuation of shares of subsidiaries and associates
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liability
Interest and dividend income
Assets buy on the installment plan purchase payment interest for rentals Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses (gains)
Decrease (increase) in trade receivables
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in trade payables
Increase (decrease) in accounts payable - other
Other, net
(0) Dividends paid (2,379)
¥ 17,723
Millions of yen
¥ 13,731 28,896 176 188 744
(1,743) (4,124)
171 - 188 227 88 8
(215) 472 82 80 51
(558) 3,891 3,679 1,773
47,810
207 (548) (6,768)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
$ 131,273 276,260 1,686 1,806 7,113
(16,669) (39,428)
1,642 - 1,804 2,170 845 85
(2,058) 4,512 784 769 488
(5,341) 37,204 35,173 16,954
457,080
1,983 (5,239) (64,708)
Cash flows from investing activities
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation Purchase of shares of subsidiaries
Purchase of shares of subsidiaries and associates
Loan advances
Collection of loans receivable
Collection of long-term accounts receivable - other
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings Repayments of installment payables
Repayments of lease obligations Proceeds from issuance of shares Proceeds from sales of treasury shares Purchase of treasury shares
¥
(450) 470
(9) 51
(3,853) 42
(490) −
(1,393) −
(588) 112 125
(5)
(5,989)
(256) 5,560
(13,133) (25,358) (1,027)
8,353 2,364
Millions of yen
¥ (430) 430
(9) 25
(3,211) 20
(341) (9,821) (532) (133) (398)
376
140 (155)
(14,040)
(85) 23,270
(12,425) (27,294) (1,143)
-
- (2,000) (2,504) (20)
- (0)
(22,204)
16
4,473
43,511 -
38
¥ 48,023
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note)
$ (4,110) 4,110
(91) 239
(30,699) 200
(3,261) (93,899) (5,094) (1,274) (3,810)
3,595
1,347 (1,482) (134,231)
(812) 222,466
(118,792) (260,942) (10,933)
-
- (19,120) (23,946) (200)
- (0)
(212,281)
162
42,764
415,976 -
370 $ 459,111
       Subtotal 43,245
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Payments from changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from inclusion of subsidiaries in consolidation
Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from merger with unconsolidated subsidiaries
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
(22) (840)
(0)
(26,740)
(28) 6,388 36,733
390
−
¥ 43,511
     Interest and dividends received
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
193 (374) (3,918)
¥ 39,146
¥ 40,701
$ 389,115
        60 Kanamoto 2021
Kanamoto 2021 61

Branch Strategies in Japan
Our fundamental branch strategy in Japan fosters need-oriented develop- ment accounting for large scale projects in various regions while building a solid business base through expansion strategies in Tokyo and other metro- politan areas where public and private demand are concentrated in addition to from Kanto to the west and Kyushu where Kanamoto does not yet have a presence. Kanamoto will continue to build a more comprehensive branch network by effectively expanding branches while promoting favorable busi- ness alliances and M&A strategies with leading companies in each region.
Overseas Business Expansion
Kanamoto has already opened bases in Shanghai, Hong Kong and Singa- pore to steadily lay a foundation for business overseas while responding to the large-scale projects underway worldwide centered upon expressways, subways and harbor.
We also established local overseas affiliates in Indonesia, Vietnam, Thai- land, the Philippines, Shanghai, and Malaysia between 2015 and 2018 to accelerate business overseas. In 2020, Kanamoto aims to capture the tremendous rental construction equipment demand worldwide by entering new markets such as Australia.
The expansion of our businesses overseas is one priority measure of the Kanamoto Group to penetrate the massive Chinese market, the remarkable growth in ASEAN nations, and the continent of Australia that is roughly 21 times the size of Japan. In each of these countries, we anticipate demand for specialized civil engineering equipment and aerial work platforms, such as the ground improvement and shield tunneling methods, to grow in fields the Kanamoto Group has unique expertise. The Kanamoto Group will rap- idly solidify its foundation for business overseas in the future by clearly addressing these large project needs.