A Rental Business Contributing to Decarbonization
Kanamoto understands the importance and hope of realizing a decarbon- ized society free from fossil fuels to stop the CO2 and other greenhouse gas emissions responsible for climate change from ESG and SDG standpoints. Our core Group rental business is in and of itself a sharing economy, which contributes to decarbonization throughout all of society.
In addition, the Kanamoto Group has long been strategically shifting resources toward equipment with exhaust control. Every year, we regularly purchase roughly 3,000 pieces of equipment complying with exhaust control regulations to replace existing construction equipment. This investment not only optimizes operational processes via efficient vehicle allocation and Digital Transformation (DX) initiatives but also steadily advances decarbonization.
To achieve decarbonization and realize a sustainable society, the Kanamoto Group must both response to user needs and consider environmental conservation. We will always strive to provide a reliable, eco-friendly rental business, actively upgrading equipment to models that take advantage of environmentally-friendly technologies.

Low-carbon Society Action Plan of Construction Equipment Manufacturers
Construction equipment manufacturers are advancing developments of ma- chines with superior energy-savings, such as hybrid, ICT, and electric-drive equipment. This is the equipment described earlier that Kanamoto buys on an annual basis.
According to the Japan Construction Equipment Manufacturers Association, the development and adoption of fuel-efficient and hybrid models of the three most used types of equipment (excavators, wheel-type loaders, and bulldozers) as well as energy-saving equipment has been estimate to have the potential to reduce CO2 emissions to approximately 1.6 million t-CO2 (levels of CO2 in 1990) by 2030. The industry is set to reduce the man- ufacturing energy consumption rate by 17% from the actual achievement of 2013 as a target for CO2 reductions by 2030, which has accelerated decarbonization efforts throughout the manufacturing industry.
Commercial Vehicle Upgrades and Promotion of In-house Power Generation
Our efforts are not limited to Kanamoto rental construction equipment. We also actively adopt commercial vehicles certified for high fuel efficiency and low emissions. Kanamoto has been an early adopter of hybrid technology for commercial vehicles since mass production began in 1988 and con- sistently upgrades to vehicles with higher fuel efficiency and lower exhaust emissions.
In addition, our branches carry out initiatives to actively use renewable energy via solar power generation systems installed on the building roofs. A transition to renewable energy for in-house power consumption helps reduce CO2 emissions and secures a supply of power even during power outages resulting from large-scale disasters or other incidents. This helps establish a system for business continuity necessary for disaster response.
