Message from the President  History of Creating and Evolving Corporate Value  Ten-Year Summary (Consolidated)  Business OverviewKanamoto Value Creation Process   Kanamoto Group Disaster Response   Feature   ESG Section   Facts and Data
Governance
Kanamoto Corporate Governance Structure
  Kanamoto Group Corporate Governance
      1. Overview of Corporate Governance
The basic Kanamoto approach to corporate governance is to engage in business activities according to a management philosophy that builds and strengthens trust with shareholders, customers, partner companies and local communities as well as employees and their families, which not only enhances corporate value but also helps realize the sustainable development of our Group. Therefore, we strive to build internal management systems as well as maintain and improve the transparency and fairness of management. Our basic approach to corporate governance establishes an information cycle for timely informational disclosure and feedback to management as well as engages in prompt and precise governance measures. We have also defined the action guidelines below to raise specific awareness throughout the Kanamoto Group about our management philosophy.
1. Pursue innovation and mobilize every resource to energize our company
The external environment around Kanamoto is always changing and will never stop. Our Group must evolve to adapt to these changes and avoid weakness and bankruptcy in the future. Ceaseless self- reformation is essential to achieve an ever vibrant organization. Previous success clearly leads to overconfidence. We must quickly put our successes in the past and learn from our mistakes in the pursuit of mental readiness.
2. Always remember Kanamoto competes for profits
The product and service offerings of a company strive to accomplish many things from contributing to society and paying taxes to ensuring stable employment. However, any effort is pointless if the company ceases to exist. Only profit guarantees the survival of a company, and revenue is earned by beating the competition. However, profit should not be earned by any means necessary. Every company and its employees must adhere to compliance as business professionals while never engaging in inappropriate acts as a public entity (company).
3. Maintain a self-directed and independent mind
None of us can rely on others to protect our company and our lifestyles. We must trust in our own abilities to take us leaps and bounds ahead and understand that no one will help us overcome our failures. All of us must be responsible for our actions. The best time to evolve and differentiate oneself from competitors is when the business environment around us is unfavorable.
Overview and Logic Behind Kanamoto Corporate Governance
Corporate governance is the fundamental platform for companies to enhance their social value. Kanamoto and the Kanamoto Group have adopted the various corporate governance systems used today for the purpose of establishing the best and most advanced corporate governance considering the conditions and scale of the organization.
We have adopted an outside director system to ensure more efficient and sound management as well as transparency about our decision making. The executive officer system put in place at Kanamoto also better clarifies supervision and accountability functions.
A one-year term for director appointments establishes a flexible management system while a board of corporate auditors has been put in place to execute managerial audits. As of submission of our securities report, three of the five corporate auditors at Kanamoto are outside auditors and independent officers. The selection of highly independent outside auditors strengthens management supervisory functions and allows us to effectively use functions of auditors, ensuring uncompromising corporate governance.
The Board of Directors is also comprised of nine members who are well versed in Kanamoto Group businesses, and of five highly independent outside directors who bring unique management experience and expertise from other industries, to facilitate rapid and accurate management decision-making.
a. Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is composed of 14 directors, five of whom are outside directors as of the submission of the securities report, for broader perspectives in decision-making and oversight of business execution. As the highest decision-making authority on the execution and supervision of management strategies and business plans, the Board of Directors strives to respond quickly to continually evolving business conditions according to rules governing the Board of Directors by not only holding regular Board of Directors meetings but also extraordinary Board of Directors meetings when necessary.
Members of the Board of Corporate Auditors as well as executive officers (eight members excluding individuals serving concurrently as director) attend these Board of Directors meetings.
Chairman of the Board: Representative Director Kanchu Kanamoto
Board members: President and CEO Tetsuo Kanamoto, Director Hitoshi Narita, Director Tatsuo Kanamoto, Director Kazunori Hashiguchi,
Director Akira Sannomiya, Director Jun Watanabe, Director Shun Hirose, Director Hideaki Yamashita, Outside Director Susumu Naito,
Outside Director Eiji Arita, Outside Director Motoki Yonekawa,
Outside Director Ayako Tabata, and Outside Director Tetsuya Okawa
b. Board of Corporate Auditors
Kanamoto is a company with a Board of Corporate Auditors. This Board of Corporate Auditors consists of five corporate auditors, three of whom are outside corporate auditors. All members of the Board of Corporate Auditors regularly attend Board of Directors meetings to oversee the business execution of directors and fulfill supervisory functions while creating an environment where management appropriately exchanges information and shares opinions on a daily basis.
Charmain: Standing Corporate Auditor Eichu Kanamoto Board members: Standing Corporate Auditor Naoyuki Yokota,
Outside Corporate Auditor Noriaki Ikushima, Outside Corporate Auditor
Katsunori Matsushita, and Outside Corporate Auditor Yasushi Ishiwaka
c. Corporate Officer System
Kanamoto introduced the corporate officer system in 2001 to build a framework that clarifies responsibilities for business execution, enhances dissemination of management policies and other top-down directives, and raises employee awareness about corporate policy. These corporate officers formulate meticulous management strategies to quickly adapt to changes in the market environment as well as ensure comprehensive management of each business division and affiliate company. As of the submission of our security report, Kanamoto has 16 corporate officers, eight of whom serve concurrently as director.
Other Corporate Governance Matters
Kanamoto Internal Control System
Kanamoto has established a variety of bodies as its internal control system. The Internal Control and Auditing Office carries out, evaluates, improves and when necessary rectifies the level of compliance with internal procedures and rules as well as laws and regulations applying to all business activities in addition to internal control pertaining to branch operation, consolidated subsidiaries, and other financial reporting. The Legal Office handles all legal affairs. Kanamoto has also established a Compliance Committee chaired by Kanamoto President and CEO and an Internal Control Committee chaired by the General Manager of the Administration Division.
The basic policy under which the Kanamoto internal control system was formed is as follows:
a. Body Ensuring Execution of Duties of Directors and Employees Appropriately Comply with
laws and the Articles of Incorporation
Kanamoto and its subsidiaries have put in place Ethics Guidelines as a code of conduct for compliance. The Compliance Committee chaired by Kanamoto President and CEO has established systems to raise Group awareness and ensure compliance to laws and the Ethics Guidelines. The Committee has also distributed a handbook summarizing the Kanamoto corporate philosophy and employee code of conduct to all executives and employees to further increase compliance awareness.
We have also set up internal and external compliance hotlines as a consultation and reporting system to resolve any problems quickly when employees or other individuals directly consult or report an issue. These compliance hotlines observe strict confidentiality and ensure anyone who reports a problem will not suffer any unfavorable treatment.
The Legal Office has been established as a body under the direct supervision of the President and CEO to provide proper legal advice on decisions about important legal matters.
b. Informational Preservation and Management Concerning Director Duties
Kanamoto preserves documents and various other information in accordance with laws as well as document administration and retention rules.
Our informational management system complies with internal informational management regulations and general data management rules in addition to personal information protection standards and the Kanamoto Personal Data Protection Manual.
c. Risk Management Rules and Systems
Kanamoto and its subsidiaries have set up systems to identify, evaluate and prevent manifestation of the inherent risks confronting each division in their business activities. These systems clarify the authority and responsibility of each department, oversee risk management across all divisions under the Board of Directors, and continually identify any new risks that arise.
If any unforeseen risks with a large impact on corporate operations manifest, or have the potential to manifest, Kanamoto responds in accordance with its Emergency Response Manual (Contingency Plan) and takes steps to prevent the recurrence or potential recurrence of said risks.
d. System to Ensure Efficient Execution of Director Duties
Kanamoto and its subsidiaries hold regular and extraordinary Board of Directors meetings to approve important matters and promptly make decisions on the execution and supervision of management strategy and business plans. The Board of Directors receives reports on the financial performance of subsidiary companies and all other important matters. Fiscal year and medium-term management plans outline specific Group-wide numerical targets as overall objectives for the management of each division. These divisions then aim to achieve these objectives by setting their own targets, executing specific measures, and managing progress.
Kanamoto has introduced a corporate officer system to accelerate management decision- making as well as clarify the responsibility of supervision and execution functions. Each of these corporate officers is responsible for achieving the management plans approved by the Board of Directors. Kanamoto has designated a one-year term for directors to rapidly adapt to the dramatically changing management environment.
e. Systems to Ensure Appropriate Business Operations for a Corporate Group Comprised of Kanamoto, Parent Companies and Subsidiaries
Kanamoto requires each Group company follows its Ethics Guidelines while expanding the scope of the Compliance Committee and reporting systems Group wide to ensure proper practices in all business activities.
Kanamoto and its affiliate companies have put in place and operate internal control systems that maintain an environment with excellent oversight in accordance with the Financial
Instruments and Exchange Act and can strengthen and properly evaluate the effectiveness of Group-wide internal control and financial reporting audits as well as supervision functions of operational processes. Each body (individual) assumes the following responsibilities for internal control matters concerning financial reporting: ◦Management will have the final say in all Kanamoto activities and shall prepare   and operate internal control systems according to this basic policy.
◦ The Board of Directors will assume responsibility for supervising the internal control  systems prepared and operated by management and shall monitor and supervise  whether management is properly executing financial reporting and internal   control functions.
◦ The Board of Corporate Auditors shall monitor and verify financial reporting as well as   progress in preparation and operation of internal control systems from an independent   standpoint.
◦ The Internal Control and Auditing Office shall objectively evaluate the effectiveness of   internal control systems related to financial reporting at Kanamoto and affiliate companies   on behalf of management from an independent standpoint in accordance with the audit   rules and propose any necessary corrective actions or reforms to management and the   Board of Directors.
f. Matters Concerning Employees Requested to Assist the Board of Corporate Auditors in Auditing Functions
Kanamoto assigns auditing staff to assist in auditing functions as necessary upon the request of the Board of Corporate Auditors. Kanamoto transfers the authority to supervise auditing staff assisting in matters designated by the Board of Corporate Auditors. The auditing staff also receives no instructions from directors to ensure the directives issued by the Board of Corporate Auditors are effectively carried out.
g. Matters Concerning the Independence of the Auditing Staff Above from Directors
The Board of Corporate Auditors shall have final say over personnel matters of auditing
staff (appointments, transfers and evaluations).
h. System for Directors and Employees to Report to the Board of Corporate Auditors and Other Systems for Reporting to the Board of Corporate Auditors and for Securing the Effectiveness of Audits Carried Out by the Board of Auditors
The Board of Corporate Auditors attends not only the Board of Directors meetings to audit director duties but also principal conferences or committee meetings necessary to understand important decisions and the progress of business execution.
The directors and employees of Kanamoto and its subsidiaries promptly report to the Board of Corporate Auditors any facts discovered which cause or may cause significant harm to the Kanamoto Group. Standing corporate auditors circulate a report on these matters for managerial approval and may also request a briefing from said directors or employees as necessary. Kanamoto protects anyone who files a report with the Board of Corporate Auditors from unfavorable treatment on the grounds of said report.
The Board of Corporate Auditors also meet regularly with Kanamoto President and CEO to discuss issues Kanamoto should address as well as important auditing matters. The Internal Control and Auditing Office submits the results of audits as an internal control audit report immediately after completion of an audit to the President and CEO as well as the Board of Corporate Auditors.
The Board of Corporate Auditors and the Internal Control and Auditing Office also exchange
information and coordinate with accounting auditors, lawyers and other outside experts.
i. Policy Matters Concerning Expenses, Liabilities and Other Procedures Arising from Board of Corporate Auditor Duties
Kanamoto processes, pays or reimburses expenses and liabilities arising from Board of Corporate Auditor duties upon request by the Board of Corporate Auditors, except when deemed unnecessary for the execution of said Board of Corporate Auditor duties.
j. Basic Approach and Current Measures for the Exclusion of Antisocial Forces
Kanamoto adamantly prohibits any and all business dealings and relationships with antisocial forces, individuals or groups who threaten public order and safety or obstruct sound corporate operations in its Ethics Guidelines. We are not only uncompromising in our stance of exclusion but also strive to gather information from specialized external agencies and conduct internal employee training and other enlightenment programs through the proper departments. In emergency situations, Kanamoto seeks assistance from competent police departments, legal counsel and other relevant authorities to systematically intercept and stop unreasonable demands from antisocial elements.
Status of Systems to Ensure Proper Business Practices at Subsidiaries Subject to Mandatory Reporting
Kanamoto oversees Group company management in accordance with the Guidance Rules for Affiliated Company Operations. The regulations make regular reports from Group companies on business performance, operating results and financial conditions mandatory while also
ensuring proper business practices through audits by the Internal Control and Auditing Office when necessary.
Overview of Limited Liability Agreements
Kanamoto enters into agreements with outside directors and outside corporate auditors pursuant to the provisions of Article 427, Paragraph (1) of the Companies Act to limit their liability for damages provided for in Article 423, Paragraph (1) of the Companies Act. The limit of liability for damages based on these agreements is the amount stipulated by laws and regulations for outside directors and outside corporate auditors. This limitation of liability only applies if said outside director or outside corporate auditor performed the duties responsible for a liability issue in good faith without gross negligence.
Number of Directors
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that the number of directors shall not exceed twenty (20).
Requirements for Approval of Director Appointments
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that resolutions on director appointments must be approved by a majority of shareholders who are present and own shareholdings amounting to one-third (1/3) or more of the voting rights of shareholders eligible to exercise their voting rights. Moreover, the Articles of Incorporation prohibit cumulative voting on proposals for director appointments.
Requirements for Special Resolutions at the General Meeting of Shareholders
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that special resolution requirements for the General Meeting of Shareholders provided for in Article 309, paragraph (2) of the Companies Act shall be adopted by at least two-thirds (2/3) of the shareholders in attendance who hold at least one-third (1/3) of the voting rights of shareholders eligible to exercise their voting rights. The purpose of these requirements is to ease the quorum for special resolutions and ensure smooth General Meetings of Shareholders.
Decision-Making Body for Surplus Dividends and Other Matters
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that Kanamoto shall determine surplus dividends and other matters as set forth in the provisions of Article 459, paragraph (1) of the Companies Act at the discretion of the Board of Directors, without resolution at the General Meeting of Shareholders, except as otherwise provided for by laws or regulations. The purpose of these requirements is to place surplus dividends and other matters under the authority of the Board of Directors and provide a flexible return of profits to shareholders.
Acquisition of Treasury Shares
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that Kanamoto may, by resolution of the Board of Directors, acquire its own shares through market transactions or other means pursuant to Article 165, Paragraph (2) of the Companies Act. The acquisition of treasury shares enables Kanamoto to flexibly accomplish financial policies as well as other management measures in response to changes in the economic climate.
Director and Corporate Auditor Exemption from Liability
The Kanamoto Articles of Incorporation stipulate that Kanamoto may, by resolution of the Board of Directors and pursuant to the provisions of Article 426, Paragraph (1) of the Companies Act, exempt directors (including former directors) and corporate auditors (including former Board of Corporate Auditor members) from liability within the limits of laws and regulations as provided for in Article 423, Paragraph 1 of the Companies Act. The purpose of this exemption from liability is to create an environment in which directors and corporate auditors can fully utilize their abilities and fulfill their expected duties.
Basic Policy on Control of Joint-Stock Companies
Kanamoto has not defined basic policies related to persons who determine its financial and business policies.
       Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
                   42 Kanamoto 2021
Kanamoto 2021 43
Message from the President  History of Creating and Evolving Corporate Value  Ten-Year Summary (Consolidated)  Business OverviewKanamoto Value Creation Process   Kanamoto Group Disaster Response   Feature   ESG Section   Facts and Data
 Corporate Officers
List of Corporate Officers
Please see pages 46 and 47.
Outside Corporate Officers
Kanamoto has five outside directors: a Senior Managing Executive Officer of ORIX Motor Corporation, an Executive Officer of ORIX Corporation, the President of Social Medical Corporation Hokuyukai, a Director of Lavender Law Office, and partner and attorney at law of Hashimoto Okawa Law Office. ORIX Corporation Ltd. is a major shareholder of Kanamoto and has business transactions with the Company, including installment contracts. Kanamoto also has business transactions with ORIX Motor Corporation, including operating leases. In addition, Hashimoto Okawa Law Office acts as legal counsel for Kanamoto. However, Kanamoto provides no improper benefits to any of these entities. The three outside corporate auditors include an individual with extensive experience and knowledge in municipal administration and management, a full-time corporate auditor of Kanamoto's main financial bank, and a certified public accountant with specialized business experience. All of our outside directors and outside corporate auditors are providing appropriate guidance on Kanamoto business execution from their own unique perspectives. None of these outside officers have personal relationships with Kanamoto corporate officers. Kanamoto has defined standards and policies concerning outside director independence for the appointment of outside directors. We also refer to guidelines, such as the criteria for independence of directors and corporate auditors defined by the regulations, etc. of the Tokyo and Sapporo Stock Exchanges for publicly-listed companies. All five of our outside directors and three of our outside corporate auditors serve as independent officers.
Mutual Cooperation among Supervision and Auditing by Outside Directors and Outside Corporate Officers, Internal Audits, Audits by the Board of Corporate Auditors and Accounting Audits, and the Relationship with Internal Control Departments
Outside corporate auditors strive to collect information, coordinate in supervisory functions and enhance the effectiveness of audits through means that include reports on audit plans and results from internal audit departments and accounting auditors via the Board of Corporate Auditors. At Board of Directors Meetings, outside directors and outside corporate auditors verify the quality of internal control in various ways that include reports from the Internal Control and Auditing Office, Compliance Committee and the Business Process Reengineering Office.
Audits by the Board of Corporate Auditors
a. Organization, Composition and Procedures of the Board of Corporate Auditors
Kanamoto is a company with a Board of Corporate Auditors made up of five corporate auditors, two of whom are standing corporate auditors and three of whom are independent outside corporate auditors.
Standing Corporate Auditor Naoyuki Yokota and Outside Corporate Auditor Katsunori Matsushita have a long track record in banking. Outside Corporate Auditor Yasushi Ishiwaka has been involved in corporate accounting as a certified public accountant for many years and has extensive knowledge in both finance and accounting.
b. Corporate Auditor and Board of Corporate Auditor Activities
The primary supervisory functions of the Board of Corporate Auditors are to draft auditing policy and plans, prepare audit reports, evaluate the adequateness of accounting auditors and accounting audits, give consent to remuneration proposals, and assess the progress and operation of internal control systems, proposals for the General Meeting of Shareholders, and the adequateness of interim and year-end dividends.
Standing corporate auditors audit all business operations according to auditing policies and plans drafted by the Board of Corporate auditors through means such as attending Board of Directors and other important meetings, discussing the progress of business execution with directors and other corporate officers, reviewing important approval documents, and conducting on-site audits at branch offices and subsidiary companies. Standing corporate auditors work closely with accounting auditors from briefings on accounting plans at the beginning of the fiscal year to discussions and oversight of audits as necessary during and briefings of audit results at the end of the fiscal year.
Outside corporate auditors attend Board of Corporate Auditor meetings, Board of Director meetings, business report briefings from affiliate companies, and other meetings for discussions between the president and corporate officers as well as gather information by inspecting important bases and talking with employees. Internal auditing departments and accounting auditors work to strengthen cooperation and form opinions on auditing matters by providing and receiving reports and exchanging information.
Internal Audits
The Internal Control and Auditing Office, corporate auditors, and accounting auditors cooperate and exchange information to conduct internal audits of overall business operations according to annual auditing plans. The six-person Internal Control and Auditing Office conducts on-site internal audits of every branch once every three years to provide specific directions, corrective actions and guidance aiming to improve business operations. This fiscal year Kanamoto conducted on-site internal audits at 59 branches. Upon completion of each audit, the Internal Control and Auditing Office promptly submitted an audit report to not only the Kanamoto president, chairman of the board, and other members of management but also corporate auditors and relevant departments.
Current State of Accounting Audits
a. Auditing Firm
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
b. Continuous Auditing Period
Since 1988
The continuous auditing period above is the term within the verifiable scope of Kanamoto. The actual continuous auditing period may exceed the above term.
c. Staff Assisting with Audits
The staff assisting with Kanamoto accounting audits includes 12 certified public
accountants and 14 other individuals.
d. Policies and Reasons for Auditing Firm Selection
Kanamoto selected Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC in accordance with the Criteria for Selection of Accounting Auditor Candidates drafted by the Board of Corporate Auditors after careful consideration of factors that included auditing firm overviews, matters of independence, internal control systems, and auditing fees.
The Board of Corporate Auditors has the right to dismiss accounting auditors with unanimous consent of all members if any reason under Article 340, Paragraph (1) in the Companies Act applies to the accounting auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors determines remediation impossible.
The Board of Corporate Auditors may also dismiss or disqualify the accounting auditor if deemed necessary, such as when a proper audit cannot be carried out due to any reason arising that impairs the eligibility or independence of the accounting auditor.
e. Corporate Auditor and Board of Corporate Auditor Evaluations of Auditing Firms
Corporate Auditors and the Board of Corporate Auditors evaluate the eligibility of the accounting auditors, quality management system preparations, auditing plans, the auditing team organization, auditing results, and the quality of communication with corporate auditors in addition to other aspects of the auditing firm through communications with accounting auditors, visits to auditing sites, and other means in accordance with the Criteria for Evaluating the Independent of Auditors drafted by the Board of Corporate Auditors.
According to the results of these evaluations, the Board of Corporate Auditors has found no issue with the performance of the accounting auditors for the consolidated fiscal term under review.
Breakdown of Auditing Fees
a. Audit and Certified Public Accountant Service Fees
Previous Consolidated Fiscal Year
convened on January 26, 2007 set the upper limit of fixed remuneration for corporate auditors at an annual amount of ¥50 million. As of the reporting date, Kanamoto has 12 directors and five corporate auditors eligible for payment under these remuneration limits. Although Kanamoto has not stipulated a policy to determine a calculation method for the amount of director fixed remuneration, the President and Chief Executive Officer with the consent of the Board of Directors has discretion to determine an amount of compensation within the upper limit of remuneration approved at the General Meeting of Shareholders according to an evaluation of each director. Kanamoto determines the remuneration for outside directors according to their role and independence. Kanamoto determines the fixed remuneration for corporate auditors through deliberation with the Board of Corporate Auditors within the upper limit of remuneration approved at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
The 56th General Meeting of Shareholders convened on January 28, 2021 set the upper limit of remuneration provided for under the transfer-restricted stock-based compensation system for directors (excluding outside directors) to no more than ¥100 million annually (excluding employee salaries) and the total number of common shares issued or disposed of shall not exceed 50,000 shares (provided that, the said total number shall be adjusted within a reasonable range if a split or consolidation of common shares of Kanamoto [including allotment without contribution of common shares of the Company] is conducted on or after the day of the resolution or if any other necessity arises to adjust the total number of common shares of Kanamoto issued or disposed of as restricted shares). The Board of Directors will determine the amount to be paid in per share based on the closing price of common Kanamoto shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange for the business day immediately preceding each date of resolution of the Board of directors (if no transaction is made on that date, the closing price of the most recent trading day preceding that date) within the range in which the price may not be particularly advantageous to eligible directors who subscribe to the relevant common shares.
Total Remuneration and Other Compensation by Officer Classification, Total Amount by Type of Remuneration and Other Compensation, and Eligible Number of Officers
Material Salaries Paid to Corporate Officers Serving Concurrently as Employees
Adoption of a Transfer-restricted Stock-based Compensation System
Kanamoto adopted a transfer-restricted stock-based compensation system by resolution at the 56th General Meeting of Shareholders held January 28, 2021.
    CategoryReporting CompanyConsolidated SubsidiariesTotalConsolidated Fiscal Year Under Review
Audit Certification Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
Non-audit Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
45
-
17
-
63
-Officer Classification
Total Remuneration and Other Compensation (Millions of Yen)
Total Amount by Type of Remuneration and Other Compensation (Millions of Yen)
Number of Eligible Officers (Persons)
Fixed Remuneration
Performance-based Compensation
Retirement Benefits
Directors (excluding outside directors)
98
98
-
-
9
Corporate Auditors (excluding outside corporate auditors)
25
25
-
-
2
Outside Corporate Officers
7
7
-
-
6 Audit Certification Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
Non-audit Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
41 2 15 - 56 2
(Previous Consolidated Fiscal Year)
Non-audit service fees for outsourcing of procedural services agreed upon by Kanamoto. (Consolidated Fiscal Year Under Review)
There are no non-audit services for Kanamoto or its subsidiaries for the consolidated fiscal year under review.
b. Audit and Certified Public Accountant Service Fees in the Same Network (Ernst & Young Member Firms; Excluding Services Fees Outlined in [a.])
Previous Consolidated Fiscal Year
 Current State of Audits
  Total (Millions of Yen)Number of Eligible Officers (Persons)Details
876Amount paid as employee salariesCategoryReporting CompanyConsolidated SubsidiariesTotalConsolidated Fiscal Year Under Review
Audit Certification Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
Non-audit Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
-
98
-
-
-
98
Audit Certification Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
Non-audit Service Fees (Millions of Yen)
 -3 -- -3
(Previous Consolidated Fiscal Year)
Non-audit service fees paid by Kanamoto for tax consultation, and other services. (Consolidated Fiscal Year Under Review)
Non-audit service fees paid by Kanamoto for financial due diligence, tax consultation, and other services.
c. Other Essential Audit Certification Service Fees
There are no other essential audit certification service fees.
d. Policies to Determine Auditing Fees
Kanamoto determines auditing fees with the consent of the Board of Corporate Auditors by taking into account the business scale and characteristics as well as the time required for the audit.
e. Reasons for Board of Corporate Auditor Consent of Accounting Auditor Service Fees
The Board of Corporate Auditors consented to service fees for accounting auditors with reference to past performance and service fees after an overall evaluation of auditing plans and performance of the accounting auditors.
Policy Matters Concerning Officer Remuneration and Calculation Methods
Director remuneration at Kanamoto consists of fixed compensation, incentives determined according to sustainable enhancements in corporate value, and a transfer-restricted stock-based compensation system with the aim of further proceeding value sharing with stockholders. Remuneration for corporate auditors consists of fixed compensation.
A resolution at the 26th General Meeting of Shareholders convened on January 24, 1991 set the upper limit of fixed remuneration for directors at an annual amount of ¥240 million (not including the employee salaries). A resolution at the 42nd General Meeting of Shareholders
  Officer Remuneration
  44 Kanamoto 2021
Kanamoto 2021 45