
    
CONTENTS
02 Overview
01 Contents/ Editorial Policy
03 The Advantest Way
05 Advantest’s History
07 The Value Creation Process and Advantest’s Business Model
09 Business Portfolio
13 Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
15 Column
Maintaining Continuity and Customer Value in Challenging Times
16 Strategy
17 CEO Message
23 Mega Trend and Our Market 27 Grand Design Update
31 Mid-Term Management Plan
35 Column
The Need for SoC Test is Expanding in Multiple Dimensions
37 CFO Message
41 Column
System Level Test and/or new business opportunities that stay close to our core business (ATE)
42 Sustainability
43 Advantest’s Sustainability Vision 47 Risk Management
50 Environmental Initiatives
58 Column
ESG Promotion Depends on Everyone’s Sincere Buy-In
59 Efforts to Address Social Issues
64 Column Leadership Model
65 Corporate Governance
74 Messages from Outside Directors
77 Board of Directors
79 Column
Off-Site Board of Directors Meetings
80 Information
Reporting guidelines, etc., referenced
International Integrated Reporting Framework of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)
“Value Co-Creation Guidance” issued by the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
Report period and scop
The report covers the period of fiscal 2020 (April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021). However, earlier and later events are also mentioned as necessary. The data aggregation range (boundary) is the scope of consolidated financial statements, except where otherwise stated.
Disclaimer Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains “forward-looking statements” that are based on Advantest’s cur- rent expectations, estimates and projections. These statements include, among other things, the discussion of Advantest’s business strategy, outlook and expectations as to market and business developments, production and capacity plans. Generally, these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “project,” “should” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause Advantest’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
     01
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
81
83 Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (SASB)
Disclosures
85 Commentary: The Semiconductor Supply Chain and Semiconductor Test
87 Global Network
89 Corporate Overview / Stock Information
90 External Evaluatio
11 Year Financial Highlights
Editorial Policy
 Based on the “Grand Design” mid/long-term management policy (10-year plan) that Advantest announced in 2018, we resolutely implemented our first mid-term manage- ment plan (MTP1: FY2018-2020), and in 2021 announced our second mid-term management plan (MTP2: FY2021- 2023). Integrated Report 2021 aims to provide a compre- hensive overall picture of how the plans and strategies set forth in MTP2 will strengthen and expand Advantest’s mid- to long-term “sustainable growth”, and how our business is linked to global sustainability. Recent upheav- als in our business environment, such as the Covid-19 pandemic, catastrophic natural disasters, and the ongoing transformation of supply chains spurred by economic se- curity considerations, have tested our ability to respond to crises, and proved that our global team is more than ca- pable of rising to challenges and transforming crises into opportunities. Integrated Report 2021 also celebrates the spirit and accomplishments of the Advantest Group family. At the heart of our successful teamwork is The Advantest Way, our corporate philosophy, centering on our INTEGRI- TY core values, which also form the foundation of our ESG initiatives. For further details of our ESG initiatives, please refer to our Sustainability Databook. (https://www.advantest.com/sustainability/)
Senior Executive Officer Executive Vice President, Corporate Planning & Stakeholder Relations
Yasuo Mihashi
  Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
 Overview CONTENTS
03 The Advantest Way
05 Advantest’s History
07 The Value Creation Process and Advantest’s Business Model
 09 Business Portfolio
13 Consolidated Financial and
Non-Financial Highlights
15 Column
Maintaining Continuity and
Customer Value in Challenging Times
Integrated Annual Report 2021
02

                                              The Advantest Way
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
              I
 INNOVATION
is our Lifeblood
We challenge the status quo.
We embrace technologies and entrepreneurship to create superior customer value.
  N
 NUMBER ONE
is our Aspiration
We earn our leadership position in our business fields every day.
We establish an impeccable standard of excellence.
              T
 TRUST
is our Foundation
We are a trusted, collaborative partner.
We have confidence in each other’s capabilities and intentions.
 E
 EMPOWERMENT
is our Motivation
We are empowered to make decisions with an owner’s mentality.
We own Advantest’s success.
  G
 GLOBAL
is our Reach
We embrace a world of constant change.
We are always ready. Anytime. Anywhere.
 R
 RESPECT
is our Heart
We respect different cultures, customs, and laws.
We never compromise on our ethical standards.
     I
  T
 TEAMWORK
is our Approach
We work smart and best utilizing our talents across teams and regions to do extraordinary work.
We inspire each other, encourage openness, and recognize team results.
  Y
 YES
is our Attitude
We deliver on results promised to each other.
We recognize that impossible is an opinion, and with imagination, we can change the world.
   INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY
is our Commitment
We are proud of and appreciate the range of different backgrounds that our talents represent.
We believe that strength can come from differences as well as similarities.
The Advantest Way
Founded in 1954 in Tokyo by just four people, Advantest has grown into a global company with nearly 6,000 employees, which contributes to safety, security, and comfort worldwide through leading-edge measurement technology. To help our global team perform at their best, despite differences in cultures, languages, customs, and values, we codified our vision of what Advantest should be into The Advantest Way, a set of guidelines that we live out every day in our work. The Advantest Way is not only a corporate philosophy but also our promise to all stakeholders.
Purpose & Mission
Why do we exist
Enabling Leading-Edge Technologies
We will continuously improve ourselves so that we can offer products and services that will satisfy our customers worldwide, and contribute to the de- velopment of our society through the development of the most advanced technologies.
Vision
What we want to be
Adding Customer Value in an Evolving Semiconductor Value Chain
Advantest will further contribute to the semiconductor industry by enriching, expanding, and integrating our test and measurement solutions throughout the entire semiconductor value chain.
Core Values
What we value most
“INTEGRITY” means honesty and truthfulness.
When you have integrity, it means being open, honest and respectful at all times with all stakeholders.
The value of INTEGRITY can serve as a common thread uniting people of diverse cultures, religions, and viewpoints, and it is Advantest’s core value globally.
 03
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 04

 Advantest’s 67-Year History
2017-Present
The Era of Data Begins
Advantest Supports the Evolution of Semiconductors into the Future
AI, 5G, and other new technologies have driven explosive data growth, initiating a new era for the semiconductor market. Semiconductors have become indispensable to our data-centric modern societies, and have become more sophisticated, more complex, and larger in capacity, meaning that higher reliability is required. Test is more necessary now than ever. As the semicon- ductor value chain continues to evolve and expand against the backdrop of the ongoing “digital revolution,” Advantest is looking towards our centenary through the lens of new customer value creation in fields such as system level testing, while expanding our core business into data analytics and other related domains.
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
   Advantest’s measurement technology has consistently led the industry for 67 years, charting our path through successive growth phases.
As in the past, we will continue to support the technological evolution of semiconductors with best-in-class test technology, contributing to humanity’s sustainable future.
2001-2016
Spotlight on Mobile Computing Advantest Reinforces Its Management Foundation Through M&A
The semiconductor industry underwent major changes during this period, such as the separation of design and manufacturing facilities, while smartphones replaced PCs as the industry’s key demand driver. Our customers also demanded more efficient test and cost reductions. Amidst these changes, Advantest flex- ibly responded to changes by leveraging our industry-leading measurement technology capabilities and low production costs. At the same time, we implemented successive future-oriented M&As with the aim of further stabilizing our revenue base.
Joint development team with the former Credence Systems
  1954-1980
Beginnings of the Electronic Measurement Technology Business Advantest Enters the Semiconductor Test Equipment Market
Amidst the rapid growth of the Japanese electronics industry, Advantest’s founding entrepreneurs expanded our business with successive innovations in measurement technology. Confident that semiconductors were the future, we took on the challenge of developing test equipment with applied measurement tech- nology. While overcoming business crises and other difficulties, we developed semiconductor test systems with industry-leading performance.
Measuring instrument - in state of development
Sales of the Company 1954
1981-2000
Computers Take Center Stage Advantest Grows Dramatically Together with the Semiconductor Industry
In this period, the semiconductor market expanded significantly due to the widespread adoption of personal computers and the invention of the internet. Advantest’s semiconductor test systems, combining state-of-the-art measurement technology with support for volume production, participated in the cycle of innovation driv- ing the evolution and development of semiconductors, which in turn led to further demand for our systems. In 1985, we achieved the top share in the global semiconductor test equipment market for the first time, confirming the status of our test system business as a major pillar of the company.
Newspaper advertisement regarding change in the corporate name
Net sales (billion of
  New V93000 EXA ScaleTM test platform
yen) 400.0
300.0
200.0
100.0
0
                                       05
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 06
1954 Takeda Riken Industries founded with four employees. 1957 TR-124B Electronic Counter for digitally measuring
2018 Announced Grand Design and first mid-term management plan
2019 Acquired the system level test business of Astronics, Inc.
2020 Acquired US company Essai Inc.
Business alliance with US company PDF Solutions, Inc. Launched V93000 EXA ScaleTM
frequency became a hit product.
1963 Launched the Digital Multimeter, the first Japanesemade
digital voltmeter.
1972 Launched the first Japanese-made semiconductor test
systems, the T-320/20 and T-320/30.
1979 Launched the VLSI test system with a test frequency of
100MHz, boasting the highest performance in the world.
1970
1980 1990
1982 Established a local subsidiary in the United States.
Facilities were later established elsewhere around the world.
1985 The company’s name was changed to Advantest Corporation. Obtained the No. 1 share in the semiconductor test equipment market, according to VLSIresearch.
1993 Launched the T6691, a VLSI test system featuring an industry-best test speed of 500MHz/1GHz
1995 250MHz S-DRAM memory test system T5581 launched; become a best-selling product.
2000
2003 Acquired Japan Engineering Co., Ltd.
2008 Acquired Credence Systems GmbH.
2011 Acquired Verigy, a major semiconductor test equipment
company
2010
2020 2027 (FY)

 Input
Financial Capital
Shareholders’ equity: ¥285 billion Rating A (R&I)
Human Capital
Number of employees: approximately 6000 Inculcation of INTEGRITY Local excellence
Progress of the Digital Revolution
External Environment
SDGs / ESG Contributions and Promotion
Geopolitical Risk Economic security
Overview
We believe that the source of our corporate value is in car-
rying out business that realizes the value required by the society. Business profit is our wage for realizing the val- ue that society needs; hence, we believe that growing our business in harmony with social values is a contribution to humanity’s sustainable future.
Our Market
Our main business is the development, production, and sales of semiconductor test equipment. The market for semiconductor test is worth about ¥550 billion (CY2020 estimate). Markets are an expression of the value that so- ciety demands, so our market share is simply the valuation (corporate value) placed on our value proposition by society.
The Advantest Way
Strategy
Input
Sustainability
Information
 The Value Creation Process and Advantest’s Business Model
The value creation process begins with inputs and contin- ues through to the generation of new inputs. This virtuous cycle strengthens and expands our further growth.
Value Creation Driver
We believe that the key to corporate growth lies in our busi- ness strategy. We have set forth our long-term vision in our Grand Design, and incorporated the chief measures needed to realize this vision into our mid-term management plans. This vision is the driver of our value creation process, and our management compass.
Output
In addition to our products and solutions, the progress and results of our commercialization-focused R&D, as well as the technology, human resources, and customers acquired through M&A and business alliances, are also important outputs.
Outcome
Our outcomes are the value created by the entire process depicted here. We thus return value to all six of our key stakeholder groups and reinforce business profitability. This earning power further strengthen the commitments embod- ied in The Advantest Way, and is added to the inputs for the next value creation process cycle, creating a strong virtuous cycle.
Outcome (Created value)
Stakeholder Returns
Shareholders
Increase Shareholder value and highly efficient capital management
Global environment
Contribute to realize
a sustainable future
       Semiconductor performance / complexity improvements and higher reliability requirements Data explosion
Climate change response
Diversity and inclusion
Protection and respect for human rights Response to urbanization / aging Enhancement of information disclosure
Supply chain disruption
  Value Creation Drivers
  Grand Design (Commitments)
MTP1 MTP2 ......
    Strategies Issues
1 2 3 4 5
Reinforce core businesses, invest strategically Seek operational excellence
Explore value to reach a higher level Pioneer new business fields
Enhance ESG initiatives
  Value
It is people and their teamwork that generate corporate growth. The Advantest Way is our commitment to sustain- able growth, which is also a commitment to all our stake- holders.
External Environment
Our business environment is affected not only by customer needs and technological evolution, but also by various fac- tors such as our contributions to the SDGs / ESG, geopo- litical risks, and tightening of laws and regulations. Timely and appropriate information gathering and judgment calls determine the success or failure of our business.
Output
Semiconductor testers Mechatronics products
Field service solutions
Newly planned products beyond semiconductor test
New business acquired through M&A and business alliances
Amassed Corporate “Earning Power”
Global leadership position Employee engagement State-of-the-art technology Collaborative creation with Tier-1 suppliers
Customer base reinforcement and expansion
Synergies through M&A and business alliances
Further growth of human resources Effective governance
Chain Capital
Industry’s No. 1 customer base No. 1 in customer satisfaction (VLSIresearch)
¥100b war chest for strategic investments such as M&As
Intellectual / Manufacturing Capital
State-of-the-art measurement technology
Capital investment and R&D investment
Functional utilization of EMS and in-house production
Natural Capital
Renewable energy introduction rate: 40% (2020)
Water resources usage: <288km3/year
Our Market
Mission (The Advantest Way)
The Advantest Way
Customers
Enhancement / reduction of Time to Market and Time to Quality
Supply Chain
Securing and expanding business opportunities
Employees
Greater rewards, job satisfaction, and engagement
Community Safety, security, and
comfort through semiconductor test
             Cloud, software, data analytics
Design / Mass production of Product /system evaluation semiconductors level test
                Purpose & Mission
Enable Leading-Edge Technologies
ESG for Sustainability
Core Values INTEGRITY
Guiding Principle Quest for the Essence
Vision
Adding Customer Value in an Evolving Semiconductor Value Chain
Code of Conduct
          07
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 08

 Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
 Business Portfolio
Segment Sales & Income 2018-2020 (¥B)
Mechatronics Systems
Our mechatronics-related business deals with device interfaces and test handlers, which are used with test systems, and nanotechnology products used in semiconductor front-end pro- cesses.
Device interfaces (DI) are products that connect the devices under test with the test sys- tem by physically making contact with their pins (electrodes). DI products have consumable characteristics, and demand for them grows in step with the utilization ratios of semiconductor production lines, so they are the main source of sales in our mechatronics segment.
Test handlers are pieces of equipment that play three distinct roles: they transport semi- conductors to the test system for back-end processing, apply the correct temperature for the specific test being carried out, and sort semiconductors according to test results. By combining them with our highly accurate test systems and device interfaces, we can offer “test cells” that offer high test quality and production efficiency all in one.
Our principal nanotechnology product is a line of scanning electron microscopes that measure the dimensions of semiconductor circuit patterns using Advantest’s proprietary electron beam technology. In the semiconductor front-end process, they measure whether the width and height of the circuit pattern are properly drawn on photomasks and wafers. Demand is expected to increase with the widespread adoption of technologies that directly contribute to the further miniaturization of advanced semiconductors, such as EUV lithography.
    A Synergistic Solution Family Centered on Our Tester Business
Advantest’s three business segments are Semiconductor & Component Test Systems, which accounts for the majority of sales, Mechatronics, which handles peripheral equipment for test systems, and Services & Other, which mainly focuses on customer support and system level test.
We enable industry-leading test solutions by integrating our test systems with peripherals such as device interfaces and test handlers, all supported by our expert technicians. In addition, the introduction of system-level testing can address complex defects that are difficult to detect with traditional test methods. The synergies produced by these three business segments give Advantest an unparalleled competitive advantage.
Advantest’s Business Segments
Semiconductor and Component Test Systems
Our flagship products—test systems—integrate our core technology of measuring minute currents and voltages into automated measurement systems known as semiconductor test equipment (ATE), which have both advanced electrical signal measurement capability and high- speed data processing capability. This segment’s business is broadly divided into “SoC test” and “memory test.”.
SoC Testers cover almost all types of non-memory devices, such as logic semiconductors, analog semiconductors, and RF devices. Due to the widespread use of semiconductors, the SoC tester market is two to three larger than the memory tester market. In addition, semiconductor supply chains are becoming more and more fragmented, and SoC tester users number in the hundreds, from semiconductor design specialists to contract test specialists. This large number of customers and device types is a defining characteristic of the SoC tester market. Against this background, scalability of test range and capability is an important performance metric for SoC testers.
In the memory semiconductor business, dedicated memory test systems with a high through- put index called parallel measurement capability, optimized for the low-mix high-volume pro- duction lines typically used in the manufacturing of memory semiconductors such as DRAM and NAND flash, are generally used.
V93000 EXA Scale test system
39.2
-0.7
2018
■ Net sales
36.3 40.0 5.0
2019 2020 ■ Segment income
 -0.5
  Net Sales
(Fiscal year ending March 2021)
312.8 billion yen
     Test Cell
Services, Support and Others
E3650 MASK MVM-SEM®
  Segment Sales & Income Segment Sales & Income 2018-2020 (¥B) 2018-2020 (¥B)
211.7
65.1
2018
■ Net sales
65.2 61.6 2019 2020
■ Segment income
4.2 3.0
10.4 screening them for defects that cannot be checked by conventional test of individual devices. It has been attracting attention from semiconductor technology leaders as semiconductor func-
197.2 207.2 66.8
Our field service business and system-level testing business account for the majority of sales in this segment.
Field services, as well as the maintenance and repair of our systems, we offer new services such as system utilization ratio improvement and volume production ramp consulting, and se- 42.5 cure online support. We are aiming for stable profit growth through the adoption and expansion
31.5 of high-value-added services.
System-level test systems test semiconductors under conditions mirroring real-world usage,
      2018 2019 2020 ■ Net sales ■ Segment income
tionality and complexity increase. Advantest has rapidly established a presence in this market with M&A and other activities, and we are now working to grow it through synergies with our test system business.
This segment also contributes to revenues through second-hand product sales and measure- ment solutions for applications in healthcare and other non-semiconductor fields.
5038 System Level Test System
     09
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 10
T5503HS2 memory test system

  Business Portfolio
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
The Semiconductors We Test
Our test systems are responsible for testing a wide vari- ety of semiconductors produced by customers around the world.
The ongoing miniaturization of semiconductors and the evolution of packaging technology are bringing successive “waves” of business opportunities and test issues to the tester market. Advantest is developing test solutions that meet these new needs by strengthening our partnerships with leading customers, who are driving the waves of progress in technology and business.
Moreover, increases in semiconductor functionality and capacity, higher complexity, and higher reliability needs have lengthened the test time required for each device, so the number of test systems shipped is steadily increasing year by year. For Advantest, improving the quality of oper- ations of the entire Group, including not only R&D but also sales, production, service, and administrative functions, will directly contribute to the business expansion of customers and will be the key to our future growth.
 Automotive Semiconductors
This is a general term for semiconductors installed in automobiles, such as controllers for engines and batteries, sensors for air- bags and collision avoidance systems. High quality and reliability that meet the safety standards of automobiles are required, so it is necessary to carefully test these devices.
   Power devices
These semiconductors convert DC to and from AC and adjust voltage, among other functions. They have a wide range of appli- cations in addition to consumer electronics, including automobiles and industrial equip- ment. The power device market is expected to grow in the future amidst increasing pub- lic demand for lower power consumption.
   Application processors
These devices symbolize the evolution of semiconductors and resulting smartphone performance gains. Application processor test is uniquely complicated due to the adoption of state-of-the-art semiconduc- tor processes in their production, whilst manufacturers are also actively investing in test systems.
CMOS image sensors
These semiconductors convert camera images into digital data. In addition to the trends toward higher image quality and multi-lens cameras in smartphones, rapid progress in response to high- speed image data processing amidst growing demand for video has created new needs higher test system performance.
 HPC ICs
This is a general term for semiconductors for high performance computing (HPC), which are designed to perform large-scale operations at high speed on data servers and AI servers. With the spread of AI, machine learning, and deep learning, the HPC device market continues to make yearly strides.
        RFICs
Radio Frequency ICs handle wireless communi- cations. Their main applications are smartphones and base stations. With the expansion of 5G into the millimeter-wave band, expectations are rising for test solutions that address these technologi- cal trends.
Display driver ICs
These ICs control the color and brightness of displays on products such as smartphones and televisions. In the display industry, technological evolution is driving rapid new developments such as the adoption of organic EL, larger screens, higher definition, narrower edges, and incorpo- ration of touch sensors, so display driver IC test continues to become more complex.
 Memory Semiconductors
Semiconductors that store data include DRAM, which can read and write data at high speed, and NAND flash, which can hold data for a long time without a power supply. Memory semiconductors have been used in personal computers for a long time, but in recent years, demand from the smartphone and data center sectors has been in- creasing.
11
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 12

 Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
For each fiscal year beginning on April 1st
Financial Highlights
Sales
(Billion yen)
Achieved sales of over ¥300 billion for the first time in our history, double the sales of 4 years ago.
Operating income / Operating income ratio
(Billion yen /%)
Even excluding the one-time profit of about ¥8.1 billion posted, operating profit margin was over 20%.
Non-financial highlights
Number of employees* / Number of SE / AE employees
(Number / %)
We continuously hire diverse human resources with the aim of in- creasing corporate value. In particular, we are actively promoting the growth of our workforce of highly skilled engineers who support the total solutions we provide to our customers.
Number of managers / Ratio of female managers
(Number / %)
Advantest values diverse perspectives and promotes a corporate culture that allows any individual to play an active role, regardless of race, gender, age, nationality, etc.
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
         155.9 207.2
2016 2017
4,721
2016
■ ■ Number of Employees
Turnover rate
(%)
4,936
5,503
1,138
282.5 275.9
2018 2019 ■ ■ Sales
312.8
2020
64.7 70.7
22.6
1,179 1,211 8.3
101
22.9
58.7
5,756
903 2020
We are striving to create a work environment where everyone can work comfortably and expanding access to workstyles that help in- dividuals to continue to maximize their abilities.
1,157
21.3
* Including temporary employees
1,135
2016
■ ■ Number of managers
         8.9 11.8 13.9 24.5
4,565 739
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 ■ ■ Operating income ̶ Operating income ratio
Total assets / shareholder equity / ROE
(100 million yen / 100 million yen /%)
Despite the increase in shareholders’ equity, net income set a new record and we sustained a ROE.
2019 2020 ̶ Ratio of female managers
2017
2018
■ ■ Of which SE / AE Employees
2018
■ ■ Of which, number of female managers
2019
2017
7.7 91
  749
795
859
6.5 74
7.4 84
7.5
87
    Net income / Profit margin
(100 million yen /%)
Average overtime hours per person
(Hours / Month)
We are working to optimize working hours so that employees can best balance their jobs with their home lives and maintain their health.
A record high, even excluding the additional gain of approximately ¥10 billion associated with deferred
tax capitalization.
698 22.3
2020
4,226 2,804
27.3
2020
13.0 15.0 14.3 16.9 2017 2018 2019 2020
570
2017
■ ■ Net income ̶ Profit margin
3,558 2,315
24.9
2017 2018
■ ■ Total assets ■ ■ shareholder equity
Free cash flow
(Billion yen)
3.45
2020
    81.07
2016
101.94
12.3
0.0
2016
0.2
2019
0.0
2020
20.2
535
2,546 3,046 1,987
1,246 35.3 15.5
3.05 3.14
2.85 3.13
2016 2017 2018 2019
̶ Turnover rate Industrial accident rate (Japan)
(Frequency)
9.5 2016
     9.1 142
2016
8.7 181
2,316 1,095
2018
2019
14.0
19.4
  270.12
28.9
0.4 0.4
2017 2018
2016
2019
■ ■ Average overtime hours per person
Number of employees taking maternity or childcare
Recognizing that employees have varying responsibilities depend- ing on their stage of life, we are striving to enhance our work-life balance support system so that employees can work flexibly around their family obligations.
 25.9
27.7
25 27 5.1
2018 2019 2020 ■ ■ Male ̶ Male ratio
̶ ROE
    Basic earnings per share (EPS)
(Yen)
leave (Japan) (Number / %)
In addition to higher profits, the repurchase of ¥13.1 billion of treasury stock also contributed to the
Despite making growth investments, free cash flow increased by 84% from the previous year.
We are working to ensure the safety and health of our employees and raise their safety awareness in carrying out our business ac- tivities.
increase.
353.87
2020
51.0
302.35
2017
■ ■ Basic earnings per share (EPS)
37
2016
35 32 10.0
1 1294292
37
0.0
 34
2.7
  31 2.5
     R&D expenses / capital expenditures
(Billion yen / billion yen)
̶ Industrial accident rate Energy usage / renewable energy ratio
(TJ / %)
GHG (Scope 1 + 2, and Scope 3) CO2 emissions
(kt-CO2)
We are working to mitigate climate change by quantifying green- house gases indirectly emitted in our value chain and promoting greenhouse gas emission reduction activities.
* The CO2 emission factors have been revised and recalculated in the past.
2018
2019
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 ■ ■ Free cash flow
Dividends per share
(Yen)
With the addition of a commemorative divident of ¥10 due to strong performance, this represents a
2017
■ ■ Female
We continued to expand investment in anticipation of future growth.
significant dividend increase.
We actively work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by efficiently using energy and introducing renewable energy sources.
  31.2 4.8
2016
33.5 5.4
2017
■ ■ R&D expenses
92
82
108 44.1
2020
40.1
2018
■ ■ capital investment
42.7 13.7
2020
118
37.9 6.6
      87
2016
91 100
104
2019
1,693
1,683 341,291 28
       13
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 14
2019
2017 2018
■ ■ Dividends per share
2019 2020
9.9
25
2016
32
34
2016
35 38
2017 2018 ■ ■ GHG (Scope 1 + 2)
13.2
12.9
2017
■ ■ Energy use
2018
2019 2020 ■ ■ GHG (Scope 3)
11.9
̶ renewable energy ratio
28.1

       Maintaining Continuity and
Customer Value in Challenging Times
Throughout the pandemic, Advantest demon- strated a commitment to its customers and the semiconductor test industry by maintaining its long-standing schedule of activities and stake- holder engagements while shifting quickly to a virtual model. Learning how to safely navigate the new norm where face-to-face customer interac- tion was no longer an option proved to be pivotal for Advantest’s growth as a global company.
Virtual VOICE 2021 Attracts Largest-Ever Participation
Advantest applied these learnings to its VOICE Developer Conference, going virtual with its highly anticipated annual customer and partner confer- ence, which invites users and strategic partners involved with our main products and solutions to actively participate in a learning and sharing en- vironment.
The shift to virtual conferencing was inevitably challenging, and the event had been canceled in FY2020, but in FY2021 a talented team was mo- bilized and led by Advantest’s Global Marketing Communications organization. Driven by our “En- abling Leading-Edge Technologies” mission and INTEGRITY core values, the group expertly adapt- ed to the undertakings of hosting an international virtual conference.
VOICE is truly a partnership between Advantest and its customers, who participate on the Steer- ing Committee, the Technical Committee, and as authors and presenters in the technical program. Additionally, Advantest partners add value to the unique format by displaying their complementary product offerings.
Our robust program, which was optimized for an international audience, included dynamic key- noters, technical presentations covering 8 topical tracks and a Technology Kiosk Showcase featur- ing virtual booths and live sessions.
Encouraging interactivity within our virtual envi- ronment was a key value proposition. A strategically timed agenda and key topic line-up addressed the diverse application needs of customers and partners worldwide. Even virtually, VOICE continued to effectively deliver business value to attendees through its innovative technical content and engaging demonstrations.
Customer-Focused Communications Enhance our Business
Virtual VOICE 2021 drew a record-breaking au- dience to the Developer Conference, reaching over 300 international attendees. So successful was the event that 97% of those responding to a post-event survey gave a ‘recommend’ rating to the conference, proving its high-quality value for Advantest customers and partners and confirming the importance of continuous customer interac- tion.
In addition to Virtual VOICE, Advantest also participated in numerous virtual trade shows and industry conferences, helping to maintain our in- fluence and leadership mindshare when oppor- tunities for in-person interaction were limited. Additionally, Advantest was quick to plan and host two of its own virtual trade shows, drawing attendees from around the globe, when pan- demic-related restrictions forced the cancellation of our on-site events. As a technology and ser- vice-focused business leader, continuity was key to successfully staying connected with our cus- tomers and providing them with the services and information that they need throughout a challeng- ing year.
   15
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Column 1
  Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
 Strategy CONTENTS
17 CEO Message
23 Mega Trend and Our Market 27 Grand Design
31 Mid-Term Management Plan
35 Column
The Need for SoC Test is Expanding in Multiple Dimensions
37 CFO Message
41 Column
System Level Test and/or new business opportunities that stay close to our core business (ATE)
Integrated Annual Report 2021
16

 FY2020 Results
Net Income Record high
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability Information
 CEO Message
 Orders
Record high
Sales
Record high
Operating Margin
   ¥330.6
¥312.8
ROE
22.6
   B
B
% ¥354
EPS
250 290.4 350~380
17 22 23~25
-- 60.1 62~70
   ¥69.8
27.3
   B
%
 Key management matrics
FY2015-17 Average
MTP1 Targets (FY2018-20 Average)
MTP1 Actual (FY2018-20 Average)
MTP2 Targets (FY2021-23 Average)
Grand Design
 Sales
Operating Margin
(¥B) 175.1
> 400
  Advantest’s first mid-term management plan (MTP1), a three-year plan that started in fiscal 2018, ended with strong results that exceeded targets across all metrics. We faced risks during the period that dwarfed our initial expectations, such as the intensification of US-China friction and the spread of Covid-19. How- ever, these risks spurred changes in markets, which were vigorously embraced, bringing new opportuni- ties for companies, and encouraging them to take on new challenges. In April this year, we launched our second mid-term management plan (MTP2). We an- ticipate that demand for semiconductors will continue to grow in the medium to long term. I believe we have entered a phase where the true value of our company as a global leader and advocate of our corporate phi- losophy (Purpose & Mission), “enabling leading-edge technologies,” is being put to the test.
Higher, Stronger.
The Promise of Further Growth
Representative Director, President and CEO
Net Income
ROE (%) 12 18 29 20
(%) 9 (¥B) 13
  17 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 18
EPS (¥) 74
170 309
320~370
  Strong performance in the MTP1 period puts us ahead of schedule with respect to the goals of our Grand Design
 At the conclusion of the MTP1 period, results exceeded the targets we had set for all 4 metrics (sales, operating margin, net income, ROE, and EPS). This performance greatly exceeded our initial expecta- tions, but in terms of medium- to long-term trends in the semiconductor market, it was in line with the scenario set forth in our Grand Design. I believe these trends simply developed sooner than expected. Our Grand Design, announced in April 2018, foresaw that a “data explosion” would lead the semicon- ductor market into a new growth phase in the future. This “data explosion” accompanies the develop- ment of social infrastructure such as 4G / 5G base stations and data centers, and the recent evolution and wider adoption of technologies such as data sensing, edge devices, high-speed communications, and data storage, which generate zettabytes of data traffic. Our scenario sees semiconductor test demand also increasing as demand for semiconductors, which handle all this data, grows dramatically.
Early 2020 saw the beginning of the global Covid-19 pandemic. This unprecedented event has caused hardships for many and has badly damaged various businesses. On the other hand, it has also accelerated transformational changes in communication styles. The value of gathering at work and having face-to-face conversations has become less obvious to many, due to the normalization of digital communications, which are unaffected by physical distance, but while this change may seem to
Grand Design: Mid/Long-Term Management Policy (FY2018~2027: For more information, please visit https://www. advantest.com/about/management-policy.html)
MTP1: First Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2018~2020): For more information, please visit https://www.advantest.com/ investors/ir-library/pdf/E_MLTP_180426_slide.pdf)
MTP2: Second Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2021~2023): For more information, please visit https://www.advantest. com/investors/pdf/E_MLTP2_210524_slide.pdf
  
  CEO Message
Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
have occurred abruptly in response to Covid-19, it is nothing more than the very shift to a new style of communication that we always expected to see in the future.
In the past, sales of products used directly by people, such as replacement personal computers, or the adoption of digital cameras, and LCD TVs, drove demand for semiconductors. Trends in demand for these items drove waves of demand for semiconductor test, and had a major impact on our busi- ness. However, in the current IoT era, where all manner of things are connected to the internet, data communications are rapidly expanding into the realm of M2M (Machine to Machine) where human intervention is minimal or absent, including social / transportation infrastructure, data centers, and industrial equipment. More and more products in this area are being equipped with semiconductors, further diversifying the industry’s end-product base. At the same time, I believe that the absolute num- ber of semiconductors in use will increase steadily due to the “data explosion” mentioned above. In addition, against the background of increasing social demand for decarbonization, semiconductors are required to save energy and use less power, which promotes higher performance, greater complexity, and stronger reliability guarantees. As a result, more advanced and efficient semiconductor test is indispensable. These trends, combined with the early spread and global expansion of digital commu- nications impelled by Covid-19, were among the factors that boosted demand for semiconductors and test during the MTP1 period (FY2018-2020).
MTP2 Targets Further Growth
We launched MTP2 in April 2021. While following the same route as MTP1, this plan will accelerate growth further through stead engage with the following five strategic issues, we will strengthen Advantest’s foundation for corporate value improvement and sustainable growth.
Our mid-term management plans (MTP1, MTP2) aim to achieve the goals of our Grand Design by 2027, but at the same time, they are initiatives to strengthen and expand Advantest’s ability to sustain- ably bring in revenue to achieve social value,” and thus we can say that they are blueprints for growth that will continue beyond that date. I believe that this sustainable “earning power” is key to improving our corporate value, as I explained in our MTP2 announcement.
Enhancing Corporate Value by Expanding the “Value Cube”
The corporate value enhancement we aim for is the expansion of social contributions through business growth. The ability of Advantest’s core business to grow steadily is itself a contribution to humanity’s sustainable future. Conversely, businesses that do not reflect the values of society will not grow sustainably. Figure-(1) shows the improvement of corporate value that we aim for under MPT2 as the sustainable expansion of future profits (earning power) along the three axes of 1 shareholder value, 2 stakeholder value, and 3 ESG value, using the analogy of an expanding cube. Above all, I believe that enhancement of our ESG initiatives is key to promoting growth along the other two axes, and we therefore added it as our fifth strategic issue under MTP2, as mentioned above.
 Sustainable expansion of
      1 Shareholder perspective future profits
         19
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 20
Figure-(1)
Growth investments are indispensable for leveraging the sustainable strength and earning power of a company over the medium to long term. Based on this belief, we carried out two M&As (the system level test business transfer from Astronics, and the acquisition of Essai), and one capital and business alliance (with PDF Solutions) during the MTP1 period. These acquisitions and partnerships aim to reduce the time, cost, or risk of in-house development by buying already-established technologies, products, customer bases, etc., but that is not their only advantage: Incorporating external knowledge also means seizing opportunities for new innovation.
Economist Joseph Schumpeter, in 1934, defined innovation as “new combinations” of new or existing knowledge, resources, equipment, and other factors. Advantest’s purpose and mission of “enabling leading-edge technologies” has enabled us to establish our current position as a global leader in semiconductor test while further advancing the unparalleled measurement technology that we have amassed over many years. However, in-house technology development is limited by a “knowledge boundary” imposed by an inevitable degree of organizational homogeneity, which makes it difficult to search for new knowledge. M&A and business alliances bring the advantages of being able to start a business in a short period of time by supplying what the acquiring company does not have, and also promote “new combinations” of new and existing knowledge, that is, innovation. As an example, we acquired Verigy, another tester provider, in 2011. Although it operated in the same industry, Verigy was
Corporate value X years later
Present corporate value
3 ESG perspective
2 Stakeholderperspective
 Growth Investments Spur Innovation
  5 Strategic Issues
1 Reinforce core businesses, invest strategically 2 Seek operational excellence
3 Explore value to reach a higher level
4 Pioneer new business fields
5 Enhance ESG initiatives
  
  CEO Message
Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
  a treasure trove of knowledge that was new to Advantest at the time, ranging from development, de- sign, quality assurance, production and procurement, to corporate culture, personnel systems, market communications, and beyond. 10 years have passed since then. There is no doubt that the success of MPT1 was supported by many innovations, including products, new systems, new cultures, and more, created from “new combinations” of knowledge. This also gives us confidence that we will achieve our MTP2 goals. In this light, growth investments undertaken during the MTP2 period will also be long- term measures to hone our strength (earning power) and enable Advantest to grow further beyond the 2027 finish line of our Grand Design.
Further Enhancement of ESG Initiatives
As I mentioned earlier, the driving force of our corporate value is sustainable earning power, which is the ability to grow while doing business that delivers the value society is demanding and I believe this will be enhanced by the further promotion of ESG. In July 2019, we updated “The Advantest Way,” our corporate philosophy system. The Advantest Way sets guidelines for ESG promotion, but in order to connect these guidelines to more practical activities, we added “further enhancement of ESG initia- tives” as our fifth strategy under MTP2, announced in July 2021. This newly establishes a basic policy for ESG promotion, stipulates that Executive Management Committee and the Board of Directors will hear reports on the status of ESG promotion and discuss these issues twice a year, and makes clear that “further enhancement of ESG initiatives” is one of the important issues that executives in central management roles should tackle. In addition, to promote ESG within the Advantest Group as a whole, we have formulated our “ESG Action Plan 2021,” see pages 45-46 . which provides activity guidelines for the entire Group, as well as for ESG activities that each business group and regional subsidiary can work on.
On that note, I believe that one important element in the further enhancement of ESG is individual employee buy-in. At this point many companies are focusing on ESG and initiatives related to the SDGs, which is well and good, but if we cannot offer convincing answers to employee questions such as “Why is this necessary?” and “How does my work contribute to social sustainability?”, we will just end up nagging employees into going through the motions. Even if a person understands that combat- ing global warming is an urgent issue, or even if he or she knows there are not many female managers in the company, he or she is not going to put much effort into solving those issues if they don’t particu- larly impact his or her own life and work, or to put it another way, if he or she doesn’t see any value in
it. Again, our story is that growing our core business (from employees’ point of view, this means doing their jobs well) is the driving force for improving corporate value, and that this capacity contributes to society. So first of all, I believe it is management’s responsibility to clearly demonstrate the value of ESG, talk about it often, and proactively hold discussions. To be honest, I think it will take a while until all employees buy into this story. However, I think it is important for management to grow the number of employees who see value in ESG and are “hungry” to solve ESG challenges, even if just one by one, with clear awareness and determination.
Advantest Leadership Model Improves Teamwork
Advantest operates on a global stage. Since more than 90% of our consolidated sales are made overseas, and the semiconductor industry increasingly disperses design and manufacturing across regional borders, our customers are located all over the world, in Europe, America, Southeast Asia, Taiwan, South Korea, and China. We cannot win business without controlling complex value chains and responding quickly to market changes and geopolitical risks. Team strength is the key to that, on both a global and local level. Of course, improving the skills of individual employees is important, but establishing and instilling a leadership model is essential for achieving solid results as a team. One could liken a team to an orchestra. Depending on the conductor, a piece can be played in a wide variety of ways. While respecting individual diversity, we will strengthen our leadership to produce re- sults. As a part of our corporate philosophy system, The Advantest Way, we started
holding “Advantest Leadership Model” workshops in 2021. see pages 64 Approx- imately 1,200 managers in Japan and overseas are eligible. These workshops are not “employee trainings” to impart knowledge and skills, but rather define “leader”, “manager”, “coach” and “expert” as the four types of skills required for leadership. We have positioned this as a “journey” where leaders seek to discover through their daily work how these skills should be deployed and balanced. There is no one easy answer, of course. However, I am convinced that regularly thinking about these things and taking on challenges as team leaders, without fear of failure, will, in sum, make our global team more powerful.
Towards the Future Beyond “Tested by Advantest”
Our Grand Design targets a semiconductor test market share of 50% or more by 2027. This means that more than half of all the world’s semiconductors that need to be tested will have been tested with our products and solutions. It is no exaggeration to say that “Tested by Advantest” is a synonym for semiconductor safety and security. That said, we have our roots in measurement technology, and to this day it is our core competence. The semiconductor testing business is just one application of that technology. More and diverse applications for measurement technology exist, and though it may take some time to commercialize them, we are working on developing business opportunities in some of these new areas, including the medical field. We will continue to take on challenges with our eyes on a future that extends beyond “Tested by Advantest.”
    21
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 22

 23
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 24
Mega Trend and Our Market
The Digital Revolution and the Data Explosion
Semiconductors Are Evolving Into Social Infrastructure
In the decades since the electronics industry took off in the latter half of the 20th century, many have talked about the “digital revolution,” meaning the dramatic changes wrought upon society by digital technology. However, we believe that the evolution of digital technology over the last few years has accelerated to the point where the “revolution” tag is finally warranted.
At the heart of the present digital revolution is the analy- sis of big data. The evolution of sensing and networks has made it possible to convert all events affecting society, from road congestion to atmospheric conditions, into data. By collecting vast amounts of data and deeply analyzing it, we
Past
Data processing is localized to computers
Present
All social phenomena are surveilled and converted into data
Analyzed data is fed back to society
Society
can obtain new knowledge that was hitherto unavailable. People have begun to make major judgements affecting our lives and our industries, ranging from proposed solutions for major issues such as urban problems and climate change to forecasts of product sales and stock prices, based on data, which now occupies a position so important that it could be called the “new oil.” In addition, as a result of Ma- chine-to-Machine exchanges of data without human inter- vention, the amount of data generated worldwide continues to grow exponentially. This is the “data explosion.”
Improvements in semiconductor performance led to the data explosion. Semiconductor and semiconductor pro- duction equipment manufacturers constantly strive to de- velop manufacturing technologies that can integrate more semiconductor components onto each chip. Thanks to the success of EUV (extreme ultraviolet) lithography technol- ogy, which enables the drawing of finer circuits, and the evolution of laminate package technology, which enable higher integration of semiconductor devices “stacked” into three-dimensional structures, it is certain that semiconduc- tor performance improvements will continue inexorably.
High-speed, high-precision sensing and conversion into data of real-world events; high-speed calculations; the writ- ing and reading of vast amounts of data; and high-speed communications. These were the necessary conditions for a digital revolution, and it is the evolution of semiconductors which has supplied them. By enabling advanced processing of massive amounts of data, semiconductors are now play- ing an indispensable role as infrastructure for society.
Computer terminals operated by humans
Computers that process, analyze, and store data
Opportunities and Risks for Advantest
Test systems that can verify the performance of advanced technologies also contribute to semiconductor evolution. Data obtained from test systems is not only useful for de- termining the quality of semiconductors, but can also sign- post potential improvements in manufacturing processes. By utilizing test data, semiconductor manufacturers can im- prove manufacturing yields for advanced semiconductors and ramp up volume production quickly. The current situ- ation, in which demand for advanced semiconductors for applications such as 5G communication, AI, and connected vehicles, is expanding at an unprecedented rate, presents enormous business opportunities for Advantest.
Of course, opportunities are always accompanied by risks. The response to the Covid-19 pandemic has boosted de- mand for semiconductors via the imposition of remote work requirements, but it has also created risks, such as supply chain disruptions and adverse effects on semiconductor
demand owing to macroeconomic decline. In addition, it is still impossible to predict whether and how movements related to geopolitical risks and national economic security policies will affect the semiconductor industry. The dangers of climate change and natural disasters cannot be under- stated. There are also movements to reframe the traditional values of the market economy, ranging from the backlash against globalization to “stakeholder capitalism.”
In summation, it is it is important for Advantest to strengthen our information gathering and analysis capa- bilities and flexibly respond to change while pursuing our vision of “adding customer value in the evolving semicon- ductor value chain” and implementing our existing growth strategies,. In addition, for us and for all companies, ESG initiatives such as supply chain management and corporate governance are now indispensable to sustainable growth.
Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
Semiconductor circuit miniaturization (left) and 3D layering (right) technologies continue to evolve.

  Mega Trend and Our Market
Overview Strategy
Sustainability
Information
   The Basic Structure of the Semiconductor Tester Market
Expansion of final products over a broader base
Increasing demands for quality and reliability “Quality buy”
Improved semiconductor performance
Increased test time per piece
Against the backdrop
of data explosion
Further ramp in semiconductor production
 For many years, the semiconductor tester market has been driven by two main types of opportunity: “technology buys” and “capacity buys.”
When designing and evaluating their new products, semi- conductor manufacturers adopt new testers that support the latest technologies and standards. By using the same test systems from the design stage, volume production can be started smoothly. When evaluations are completed and production lines are set up, testers that support the vol- ume production plan are required. Then, if yield falters and the volumes needed for the target market are not reached, manufacturers add more testers to secure higher produc- tion volumes. Tester purchases driven by these technical factors are termed “technology buys.”
After that point, if a new semiconductor succeeds in the market, or if sales of final products that use it increase, greater production of the device will create further demand for testers. Tester purchases driven by the need to increase production are termed “capacity buys.”
The semiconductor market is affected by demand for final products utilizing semiconductors. Additionally, semi- conductor testers, which are capital goods, are always sub- ject to larger demand fluctuations than semiconductors, which are consumer goods.
Until the early 2010s, the tester market was a cycli- cal market linked to semiconductor demand fluctuations, where vendors benefited greatly from technology buys and capacity buys in the growth phase of the cycle, but saw sales crash on the downswing. Cyclicality was further ex- acerbated by the fact that there were only a few final prod- ucts that exerted a great influence on the semiconductor market, such as personal computers and digital domestic appliances.
However, since the late 2010s, the semiconductor tester market has undergone a structural transformation stem- ming from the digital revolution that itself has been brought about by the evolution of semiconductors. This transforma- tion can be explained in terms of four changes.
Technology evolution of semiconductors “Technology buy”
Increased semiconductor production volume “Capacity buy”
Expansion of tester market
   The Digital Revolution Has Ushered in Structural Change in the Tester Market
Semiconductors are now rooted in people’s lives and busi- nesses as social infrastructure, so losses and reputation- al risks due to semiconductor defects can be much larger than in the past. For instance, data in data centers must not be lost or damaged, while defects in automotive semi- conductors can cost lives. To ensure higher quality and re- liability, with a focus on mission-critical applications, test now has to be even more accurate, forcing more time to be spent on testing.
The fourth change is the expansion and diversification of final products. In addition to smartphones and data centers, semiconductor applications now extend beyond electronics to various fields such as automobiles, factory automation, healthcare and “smart cities.” The structure of the semi- conductor test market is becoming more stable than before, with multiple layers and other products able to compensate when demand for any given product stagnates.
These structural changes in the semiconductor tester market are making a positive difference in Advantest’s re- sults. Increased semiconductor production and increased test time per semiconductor lead to increased demand for testers, while diversification of semiconductor demand and continuous technological evolution stabilize our profit base. Going forward, although there will always be some ups and downs due to the investment trends of semiconductor com- panies and test technology efficiency gains, as long as the digital revolution continues to drive semiconductor perfor- mance evolution and application expansion, we anticipate that the semiconductor tester market will continue to grow on a more stable trajectory in the medium to long term.
The first change is surging technology buys driven by semi- conductor performance evolution. In the past, efforts to in- crease the integration, complexity, capacity, and speed of semiconductors, and to lower power consumption, were renewed once every few years. However, in recent years, efforts aimed at improving the performance of semiconduc- tors have been broad and continuous, and as a result, the difficulty of designing and manufacturing semiconductors is continuously increasing. Test times and the man-hours needed for test have increased, and the time required for semiconductor test has grown faster than has semiconduc- tor production itself.
Test System Market Scale Trends (2011~2020)
■ Tester Market Size (US$ M)
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
The second change is the increase in “capacity buys.” As data now mediates every action and event in the world, and helps people to make decision in many aspect of society, the number of semiconductors installed in each smartphone and automobile is increasing year by year. As a result, semiconductor shipments are no longer dependent on final product supply and demand as they once were. This has encouraged semiconductor manufacturers to con- tinuously invest in expanding their test capabilities, leading to a rise in demand for testers.
The third change is the appearance of “quality buys” spurred by increasing demands for quality and reliability.
Sales (Advantest)
(100 Million yen) 2,500
2,000 1,500 1,000
Semiconductor Test Contributes to Our Sustainable Future
        500 00
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
2019 2020
Semiconductors also play a role in solving various social issues. They are powering many social innovations such as remote learning, telemedicine, monitoring of cultivated land and farms, smart housing, and smart cities. Through their evolution, semiconductors also play a very important role in reducing the power consumption of electronic de- vices and improving the energy efficiency of automobiles
and industrial devices. Semiconductor test not only benefits from the digital revolution, but also directly contributes to humanity’s sustainable future by supporting the evolution of semiconductors. We believe that its role will become even more important going forward.
 25
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 26
(Source: Advantest)

 Grand Design Update
Advantest’s Basic Management Policy
Our management philosophy is to “enable leading-edge technologies,” and our mission is to contribute to people’s lives through the development of leading-edge technolo- gies. With semiconductors expected to play an increasingly important role as social infrastructure, we will continue to add customer value in the evolving semiconductor value
Mid/Long-Term Management Strategy
Our “Grand Design” medium- to long-term management policy (duration: 10 years), formulated in 2018, defines who we want to be as a company and sets forth guidelines for what we should do to continue being a company that em- bodies our corporate philosophy of “enabling leading-edge technologies.” At the same time, in 2018, we formulated our first three-year plan, the “First Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2018-2020)” (MTP1) for the achievement of our Grand Design goals, and proceeded to implement it.
chain. In carrying out that mission, all executives and em- ployees are guided by “The Advantest Way,” and commit to respecting all stakeholders and working for sustainability, while at the same time seeking to ensure the sustainable development of our company and achieve medium- to long- term improvement of corporate value.
Based on the fact that we successfully completed MPT1 in FY2020 with results exceeding all management metrics, we have updated our Grand Design and newly formulated our “Second Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2021- 2023)” (MTP2). Under MTP2, we aim to make further strides forward to secure our path toward achievement of our Grand Design.
▍Strategy
Our vision statement “Adding customer value in an evolving semiconductor value chain” demonstrates our philosophy of providing higher added value to customers and winning their loyalty.
It calls for us to strengthen our core business (the de- velopment and sales of semiconductor volume production
test systems) and expand our business domains to related markets such as semiconductor design / evaluation pro- cesses and product / system level test processes, which come before and after the semiconductor volume produc- tion process, respectively. In this way, we aim to grow our business and enhance corporate value.
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
   Advantest will further contribute to the semiconductor industry by enriching, expanding, and integrating our test and measurement solutions throughout the entire semiconductor value chain
                    Grand Design Update〔FY2018~FY2027〕
IC
Design/ Evaluation Processes
Cloud, AI, Data Analytics
Semiconductor Value Chain
System Level
Our Existing Business Areas
IC
System Level
   Production processes
Product/ System Level Test Process
  Purpose & Mission
Enabling Leading-Edge Technologies
Vision Statement
Adding Customer Value In an Evolving Semiconductor Value Chain
Wafer test/Final test
        27
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 28
▍Background to Formulation of the Grand Design
In the past, demand for semiconductor testers was influ- enced by the trends in the markets for final products such as PCs. The tester market was cyclical, such that semicon- ductor production volumes expanded and technology ad- vanced in some years, but then test efficiency improved and the demand for testers dropped off again. However, around 2017, against the backdrop of growing and diversifying applications for semiconductors, the shift to semiconduc- tors as social infrastructure, and the digital revolution, the market transitioned into a booming cyclical growth market that is firmly set on a growth trajectory, despite fluctuations in demand. This major change supports our confidence in
Advantest’s future growth prospects centered on our core business, the semiconductor tester business.
In addition, past M&As have transformed Advantest into an organization embracing human resources with diverse backgrounds. For all employees to work together to create customer value and improve corporate value under these circumstances, it was necessary to have a common mid- to long-term management axis.
These considerations led us to formulate our Grand De- sign and Vision Statement as common management goals for employees around the world.
Commitments
Be the No.1 provider of test & measurement solutions
Strategies
1 Reinforce Core Businesses, Invest Strategically
  Partner with leading-edge
customers 2
Develop leading-edge technologies
Attract and retain the best talent in the industry
Learning organization
Improve financial KPI and increase corporate value
Seek Operational Excellence
Explore Value to Reach a Higher Level
 3
4 Pioneer New Business Fields
5 Enhance ESG initiatives

   Grand Design Update
Overview Strategy Sustainability
Information
▍Grand Design Updated
Three years have passed since we first announced our Grand Design in April 2018. Together with the formulation of our new mid-term management plan, we also updated our Grand Design in May 2021 to incorporate up-to-the-minute environmental awareness.
First Mid-Term Management Plan (duration: 3years) 〔MTP1, FY2018~FY2020〕Summary
▍Management Metrics & Actual Results
Numerical Targets Updated
Previously, we had set our ultimate Grand Design goal at annual sales of ¥300 to ¥400 billion, but we have raised this target to ¥400 billion in response to reaching the lower limit of the range (¥300 billion) in FY2020. In addition, whereas we originally planned to achieve this goal in 2027, we now
MTP1 Numerical Targets
MTP1 Results
FY2018-20 Average
¥290.4B 22.3% 29.1% ¥309
  aim for it to be achieved earlier, depending on our business performance and future outlook.
We have also revised our market share target upward to 50% or more, because the former target of 46% was achieved early under MTP1.
Sales
Operating Margin ROE
EPS
Targets (FY2018-20 Average) Conservative
¥230.0B 15% 15% ¥135
Targets (FY2018-20 Average) Base
¥250.0B 17% 18% ¥170
             Tester Market Advantest Share
Core businesses
New businesses (e.g. SLT)
Sales
(1USD=109JPY)
FY2017 Actual
Approx.$ 3.0B CY17
36% CY2017
― ―
¥207.2B
MTP1
FY2018-20
Tester market CAGR: 9% (vsCY17)
Approx.$ 3.8B (CY basis, 3-year Avg.)
50% (CY basis, 3-year Avg.)
¥272.4B ¥18.0B
¥290.4B
Grand Design Goal
FY2027 or earlier
> $5.0B > 50%
> ¥340B ¥60B
>¥400B
At the time of formulating MTP1, we recognized that our numerical targets for the conservative and base scenarios were ambitious targets compared to our actual results from FY2015 to FY2017, and we thought it would be hard to achieve them.
However, in the event, business results far exceeded all management metrics.
This clearly demonstrates that not only the external fac- tor of semiconductor tester market expansion, but also our company-wide efforts to achieve our Grand Design goals, contributed to results.
We analyzed the factors supporting our achievement of our MTP1 goals, and have identified the following three key factors.
Contributing Factor 1:
Accurately calibrated efforts during an expansion phase in the tester market
      As the semiconductor market grew, Advantest’s strengths, including our broad product portfolio and customer base, comprehensive solutions including peripheral devices, and global support capabilities, worked to our advantage, leading to an increase in market share.
During the MTP1 period, SoC tester demand grew strongly across various semiconductor device types and regions, led by 4G / 5G smartphone demand. This, as well as having con- tinuously grown our customer base and expanded our range of solutions to meet diverse needs contributed to the growth of our market share.
In the memory tester market, we were able to maintain the high market share we have enjoyed for many years by leveraging our broad customer base and the versatility of our solutions.
Overall Share
(Semiconductor CY2018-20
Tester Market)
            Corporate Philosophy (Purpose & Mission) Updated
%
+14pts
50
%
“Enabling leading-edge technologies” is our corporate phi- losophy, describing our mission of refining leading-edge technology and contributing to the development of custom- ers and society in general. Even 30 years after formulation, this philosophy is as timely as ever. We hold it as an import- ant starting point for a future in which we will increasingly “grow into” this vital mission.
In recent years, as people have increasingly begun to question the purpose of any given company’s existence, we have posed these questions to ourselves, and as a result reaffirmed that our corporate philosophy is our purpose. We are now calling our corporate philosophy our “Purpose & Mission” to make it clearer what we stand for.
Contributing Factor 2:
Progress in expansion of business domains
CY2017
36
MTP1 Avg.
  “Further Enhancement of ESG Initiatives” Added as a Strategic Issue, in Line with Changes in Society
In line with the vision of our Grand Design, we executed two M&As and one capital and business alliance during the MTP1 period, aiming to expand our business domains to adjacent fields.
The two M&As conducted in the SLT sector contributed significantly to business performance at an earlier date than
expected, due to growing demand for high-performance semiconductors.
Only about half of the ¥100 billion fund earmarked for strategic investments under MPT1 was utilized, but results were greater than expected.
As a result of reviewing our business environment after completing MTP1, we clearly recognized that we would have to do more to promote ESG in the future, and we add- ed this as a new strategy under MPT2.
During the period of our previous mid-term management plan, latent risks such as US-China trade conflict and the spread of new infectious diseases materialized, while un- certainty increased. In addition, public awareness of con- cerns relating to sustainability, such as climate change, human rights, and resource depletion, has reached new heights.
Through our ESG initiatives, we will keep our antennae tuned to social demands, and discuss management guide- lines for various scenarios to hone our ability to respond to them (information gathering ability, analytical ability, adapt- ability to change), and improve our ability to respond to op- portunities and risks alike.
Through our business activities, we will contribute to solving social issues and bringing about a sustainable fu- ture for humanity, and at the same time, we will aim for sustainable management of our own company.
Contributing Factor 3: Non-financial initiatives during MTP1 period
  29
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 30
To achieve our Grand Design goals, we made sweeping changes to “The Advantest Way”, which guides our busi- ness activities, to focus on fostering a corporate culture and human resources optimized for global operations, which gives all Advantest Group employees around the world common goals to work towards.
In terms of ESG, we promoted measures such as greater diversity of directors, further globalization of our executive
corps, support for TCFD, participation in the Global Com- pact, and workstyle reforms.
These efforts supported our success in maintaining the quality of our business globally in terms of, for instance, keeping up with rapidly expanding product demand and enhancing customer support in the face of major changes in the environment occasioned by the Covid-19 pandemic, and contributed to our achievement of all MTP1 targets.

 Mid-Term Management Plan
Second Mid-Term Management Plan(duration: 3years) 〔MTP2, FY2021~FY2023〕 Summary
We will strengthen the infrastructure that supports the business operations of our entire company.
Under MTP2, as a step towards the final goal of our Grand Design, we are targeting annual sales of ¥400 billion by focusing on the following two axes of business expansion to strengthen our earnings base over the medium to long term:
(1) Reinforce our core semiconductor tester busi- ness by leveraging our strengths
(2) Expand our business into new business do- mains—a medium- to long-term theme
To achieve our Grand Design goals, we have set strategic investment limits of ¥100 billion for M&A and ¥40 billion for capex during the MPT2 period, continuing our policy of
▍MTP2 Priority Measures
aggressive growth investments. In addition, while maintain- ing financial soundness, we will allocate newly generated cash flow to growth investments and shareholder returns to improve capital efficiency and strengthen shareholder re- turns. We will also enhance our ESG initiatives and improve our ability to adapt to future changes in the environment and to respond to risks and opportunities. We will strive to increase corporate value and strengthen our foundation for sustainable growth.
We will continue to invest in R&D from a long- R&D term perspective with an eye on future tech- nology roadmaps, and continue to reinforce our
HR
Financial
We will reinforce the development and training of our human resources, who are the source of our growth. In addition to improving individual skills, we will promote the development of lead- ers who can unite teams.
We will conduct balance sheet management and cash management according to our profit status, raise the level of our business manage- ment, and support management stability and flexible strategy execution.
Manufacturing
core technologies.
We will strengthen our production system to support our business expansion, and maintain high product quality. We will also maintain our BCP and ensure a stable product supply sys- tem.
Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
 Strategy 2:
 Seek Operational Excellence
 Strategy 3:
 Explore Value to Reach a Higher Level
 Strategy 1:
 Reinforce Core Business, Invest Strategically
 We aim to achieve our MTP2 goals by further enhancing our strengths in the semiconductor tes- ter business.
We will provide integrated test solutions covering processes from semiconductor design verifica- tion to system level test.
  31
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 32
Strengthen relationships with industry-leading customers
Continuously deepening our partnerships with customers who lead the industry in technology, and keeping up with the evolution of cutting-edge technology—these things are the source of our competitiveness. Over the years, we have cultivated the industry’s best customer base of semicon- ductor manufacturing companies, including IDMs, fabless companies, foundries, and OSATs, across all regions. We will further strive to accelerate the acquisition of emerging players, including major IT companies that have entered the growing semiconductor market in recent years and promis- ing fabless companies, with the aim of solidifying our mid- to long-term growth base.
Launch of competitive new test platforms and growth of linked stock business
Our test systems employ highly scalable platforms with modular architecture, and with this as a base our broad product portfolio can capture semiconductor test demand from every angle. In growth fields such as DRAM, NVM, and HPC, we will continue to provide solutions in step with the evolution of semiconductors and further strengthen our position. By launching even more competitive new test plat- forms one after another, we help our customers to quickly
*1 NVM: Non-Volatile Memory
*2 HPC: High Performance Computing
bring their advanced semiconductors to market (Time to Market) and achieve early yield improvement (Time to Quality). In addition, by steadily expanding our installation base, we will grow recurring business revenue from sources such as maintenance services and device interfaces.
Providing comprehensive consulting for test know-how
Due to increasing semiconductor complexity and manufac- turing difficulty, customers are focusing more than ever on the time it takes to achieve stable volume production of high-performance semiconductors (Time to Market / Time to Quality).
Being close to the customer, grasping their needs, and providing high-quality test consulting will increase our value as a tester vendor and will differentiate us in the competi- tive landscape.
In today’s globally decentralized semiconductor supply chain, we are expanding our engineering resources globally across all regions so that we can promptly support custom- er test processes—anywhere.
By providing comprehensive consulting, including for test peripherals such as devices interfaces, we contribute not only to ensuring the reliability of semiconductors, but also to optimizing the entire test process.
Business Domain Expansion
We will continue to expand our system level test business, which has been growing since the MTP1 period, by ex- panding its customer base.
Quest for New Customer Value
In the data analytics field, we will develop innovative solu- tions that integrate hardware and software, based on our “AT Cloud solution,” through dialogue with customers.
 Strategy 4:
 Pioneer New Business Fields
 We will apply our measurement technologies to develop new businesses outside the semicon- ductor value chain with a long-term perspective.
 Exploring new ways to provide value in other industries, such as the medical field, will enhance our own sustainability.
By diversifying our businesses, we believe that we can continue to provide value to society through measurement
technology, regardless of what major changes may occur in society or the structure of industry.
Strategy 5:
 Further Enhance ESG Initiatives
  Contribute to solving social issues and achieving sustainability through business activities
We will lay the foundation for ongoing reinforcement of Advantest’s sustainable growth through corporate gover- nance that provides for the establishment and operation of management and execution systems and succession plans, which also form the basis for our own sustainability.
At the same time, we will strengthen sustainability factors related to human capital, such as respect for human rights and the development and training of human resources, and reinforce our climate change response.
Additionally, we will enhance our ESG activities through- out the company and contribute to the promotion of ESG activities in our supply chain.
By enhancing these ESG initiatives, we will make our own business healthier and stronger, and contribute to safe, se- cure and comfortable lifestyles for people everywhere as well as to the sustainable future of our world.

  Mid-Term Management Plan
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
 Advances in miniaturization and the adoption of advanced packages will expand demand for high-performance SoC testers in the medium term. Leveraging the strengths of our newest product, the V93000 EXA Scale, we will further cap- ture demand for smartphone-related SoC and HPC device test, where we already have a strong presence.
With the evolution of the 5G standard, demand for millime- ter-wave related semiconductor test is expected to take off from 2022.
This technological change will be a game-changing opportu- nity for us to establish a leading position in 5G RF test going forward.
The performance and accuracy of MCUs, analog ICs, sensors, display driver ICs, etc. for consumer electronics, automobiles, and FA equipment are increasing, as are production volumes. As customers becoming increasingly willing to invest, we will attentively grasp their needs and increase our market share.
 SoC Testers
 ▍Management Metrics
Under MTP2, we will endeavor to position our business for further growth, expand both growth investments and share- holder returns, and strive to increase corporate value. Thus, the management metrics emphasized in MTP2 are sales, operating margin, net income, return on equity attributable to owners of the parent (ROE), and basic earnings per share (EPS). We will seek to achieve numerical targets for each of these metrics as follows: sales of ¥350 to ¥380 billion:
Sales
Operating Margin Net Income
ROE
EPS
operating margin of 23 to 25%, net income of ¥62 to ¥70 billion, ROE of 20% or more, and EPS of ¥320 to ¥370 on average over the FY2021-FY2023 period. We are using three-year averages to smooth out the effects of single-year performance fluctuations, with the aim of evaluating the progress of the plan from a medium- to long-term perspec- tive.
▍Focus Points by Segment
We are still in the position of being the only tester vendor that can provide solutions for all players and all test processes for both DRAM and non-volatile memory. As the demand for testers grows due to larger de- vice capacity and higher device speeds, we will introduce com- petitive solutions to maintain and improve our market share.
   ¥350-380B
  23-25%
 ¥62-70B
 20% or more
  ¥320-370
    *1. FY2021-23 financial targets are based on exchange rate assumptions of 105 yen to the US dollar
Memory Testers
 ▍Market Environment
As during the MPT1 period, the importance of semiconduc- tors is increasing against the backdrop of the digital revolu- tion, while growing needs for semiconductor performance, complexity, and reliability continue to shape our market. Our business environment is expected to remain positive for the time being.
We expect the CAGR of the MTP2 (CY21-23) tester mar- ket to be 7% -8% (3-year average) and the CY21-23 tester market size to be approximately $ 4.6-4.8B (3-year aver- age). Our market share target is 50% or greater.
Corporate Value
Improvement
Reinforcing Our Busi- ness Foundation for Sustainable Growth
 MTP1 Actual
 CY2018-2020 (Average)
MTP2 Target
  CY2021-2023 (Average)
CAGR 7% Case (vs CY2018-2020 Average)
CAGR 8% Case (vs CY2018-2020 Average)
 Approx. 4.6B
 Approx. 4.8B
 > 50%
 > 50%
 Approx. 3.3B
 Approx. 3.4B
 > 50%
 > 50%
 Approx. 1.3B
 Approx. 1.4B
 60%
  60%
   CY2017 Actual
Amidst increasing emphasis on ensuring the reliability of semi- conductors, we will provide test cell environments that support test quality improvements.
We will grow our EUV mask inspection business as EUV li- thography adoption expands.
Mechatro
nics
Services, Support, & Others
In our system level test business, in addition to ex- panding unit sales, we will also strive to grow sales of consumables such as contactors, as well as recurring sales.
    Tester Market
Advantest Share
SoC Tester Market
SoC Tester Share
Memory Tester Market
Memory Tester Share (in USD)
Approx. 3.0B 36% Approx. 2.2B 30% Approx. 0.8B 57%
Tester Market CAGR 9% (vs CY2017)
Approx. 3.8B 50% Approx. 2.8B 47% Approx. 1.0B 57%
We will expand our post-sales business by providing OEE (Overall Equipment Effectiveness) improvement solutions that utilize the Advantest Cloud SolutionsTM. Amidst growing needs for semiconductor reliability improvements, the spotlight is on system-level test in mission-critical applications. We will seek to win new customers in mobile, HPC, automotive, memory / stor- age, etc.
            In the data analytics business, the plan at the moment is to continue to build high-value solutions and search for innovative business models.
      33
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 34
Targets of MTP2*1
Avg. of FY2021-23
  *1 OEE: Overall Equipment Effectiveness

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
   Column 2
The Need for SoC Test is Expanding in Multiple Dimensions
 Senior Executive Officer
Executive Vice President, 93000 Business Unit, ATE Business Group
Juergen Serrer
The semiconductor industry is fueled by the digital transformation, 5G, AI/HPC, autonomous drive, ... a mobile, secured and connected society.
Devices become complex systems and need to be designed at an accelerating speed and to be tested as complete HW-SW system. New failure mecha- nisms appear due to new process and 3D packaging technologies.
Test must expand to much earlier in the semicon- ductor lifecycle, cooperating with EDA for fast design cycles but also to system-level verification.
The test content of digital devices continues to grow driven by structural tests and must be comple- mented by ATE-based system-test – also driven by emerging 3D/chiplets. Furthermore, the power and thermal environment needs to be managed.
In RF devices the combination of more band, modes and concurrent transmission drives the com- plexity to be tested.
Quality demands drive up the test coverage. Test results need to be analyzed for fast yield and design learning.
The EXA Scale generation, our latest expansion of the 93000 SoC platform, deploys a test-processor ASIC, which includes innovations for throughput, re- sult processing and yield learning. All processing ele- ments are connected via a proprietary high-bandwidth backplane for data intensive application.
Our power instruments lead in density and offer multi-functional capabilities needed for advanced ap- plication like battery management.
Test data is processed on multiple levels – at the instrument, at the test-cell but also on the edge to the cloud - shared over our Advantest Cloud and enabled by AI technology.
We partner to offer complete test-cells, addressing economics challenges improving OEE and COT.
All the innovations are and will be done in a com- patible way to ensure lasting ROA for our customers. This will allow re-use and leverage of previous invest- ment.
All the above will fuel the demand for our 93000
SoC platforms and Advantest is and will continue to
expand test in multiple dimensions.
*1 HSIO-SCAN: High Speed Input/Output Scan (An efficient test method utilizing high-speed serial interface)
*2 SCAN-fabrics: (A network structure that efficiently handles test date)
*3 DFT: Design for Test
*4 EDA: Electronic Design Automation *5 DPS: Device Power Supply
*6 COT: Cost of Test
*7 ROA: Return on Assets
  Advantest Cloud SolutionsＴＭ (AI,Data Analytics,etc.)
(Figure2: TAKA test processor)
Our digital instrument covers the broadest applica- tion range from MCU to up HPC. It’s unique features enable emerging DFT innovations like HSIO-SCAN and SCAN-fabrics.
EXA Scale enables new test methodologies like ATE-based system-test and DFT innovations. This is done in cooperation with EDA to ensure effectiveness.
Our DPS instruments use patented digital-con- trol-loops offering superior load regulation for yield enhancement and protects expensive probe cards.
Our RF instruments have a RF-sub-system per channel and local processing providing superior CoT and unique coverage of 5G and Wifi on a single in- strument.
Our Existing Business Areas
 IC
Production processes
Wafer test / Final test
  IC
System Level
System Level
Product /
System Level Test Process
Design / Evaluation Processes
SEMICONDUCTOR VALUE CHAIN
213
Figure 1: Broadening Coverage of Tests
circle
    35 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 36

 CFO Message
Capital Policy and Capital Allocation
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
   Allocate cash flow generated to investments and shareholder returns, while maintaining financial soundness, to improve capital efficiency
Operating cash flow outlook
Capital Allocation Concept
 Expected to exceed ¥220B cumulatively over the next three years
(MTP1 result approx. ¥180B)
Total Investment ¥77.9B
Capital Expenditures ¥30.2B Strategic Investment ¥47.7B
Operating CF forecast ¥220B or more
¥290B or more
Growth Investments (Strategic investments + Capital Expenditure) ¥140B
Debt will be incurred as necessary
Expand Shareholder Returns by revising return policy ¥150B
    Minimum cash reserves
Expected to be around ¥80B under normal business conditions
Consider flexibly returning excess cash to shareholders
Total Returns ¥61.7B
 Balancesheet KPI:
Operating CF ¥179.1B
MTP1 cumulative End of Targeted allocation result FY2020 during MTP2 period
 Foundation for further growth and share- holder returns
Financial soundness: Seekappropriate capi- tal level with shareholder equity ratio of 50% or more
End of FY2017
Dividend
¥45.8B Minimum
   Capital efficiency: ROE 20% or more ROIC-based business/investment manage- ment
Share cash level Buybacks around
Cash on Hand ¥104.0B
Cash on Hand ¥149.2B
¥15.9B ¥80B
  Director, Senior Executive Officer (CFO)
Atsushi Fujita
Advantest’s Policy on Capital Allocation Going Forward
Regarding how we plan to use cash, the operating cash flow generated during the period of the mid-term management plan starting in 2021 is expected to be ¥220 billion. Adding to that the ¥70 billion held in cash deposits at the beginning of the period in surplus to our minimum cash holding level, we have a total of ¥290 billion as our source of growth invest- ments and shareholder returns over the next three years. To break down our growth investment plans, we are consid- ering capital investments of ¥40 billion and an investment limit of ¥100 billion for M&A, etc., over the next three years, leaving ¥150 billion which we intend to return to sharehold- ers. Regarding the balance between growth investment and shareholder returns, we are considering giving top priority to growth investments. We have set guidelines for growth investment and shareholder returns, but if projects appear that we believe will lead to business expansion, we may reduce the amount of shareholder returns below ¥150 billion by actively spending money on them. Conversely, if promising investment projects do not appear and growth investment costs less than ¥140 billion, shareholder returns
change—dividend amounts were unstable, including some reductions in comparison to the previous period or the same period in the previous fiscal year. Our new policy ensures a minimum dividend amount of 50 yen as an interim dividend and 100 yen as an annual dividend, with the primary goal of eliminating dividend instability, i.e. ensuring stable payouts that will not decrease.
*Total return ratio: (dividend amount + share repurchase) ÷ consolidated net income
Previously, we returned about 30% of net income to shareholders and flexibly acquired treasury stock when we had the opportunity. With this change in our shareholder return policy, we will return more than 50% including share repurchase, and we are considering more aggressive acqui- sitions of treasury stock. Unlike dividends, share repurchase does not directly deliver money to shareholders, but the ex- pectation of a positive effect on stock prices by reducing the supply of shares on the market will benefit long-term shareholders. In July, we announced that we would acquire
When cash is derived from
a favorable business environment, we will appropriately utilize
and allocate it to shareholder
for growth
In May, we announced our new mid-term man- agement plan running from FY2021 to FY2023. Under this plan, we have substantially revised our management indicators related to profit and loss compared to the previous mid-term management plan, and also clarified our plans for strengthening shareholder returns and how to use the cash flow generated. I would like to explain the background to these efforts.
may exceed ¥150 billion. In other words, although we have certain guidelines for growth investment and shareholder returns, we take a fundamentally flexible stance. In addition, depending on the amount of investment projects and the status of funds held at the time of investment, we may con- tinue to utilize debt so as not to miss growth opportunities. We do not intend to actively raise our debt ratio, as we have set our shareholders’ equity ratio at 50% or higher in the in- terest of financial soundness, but we are not unreasonably committed to debt-free management.
Shareholder Return Policy
We have changed our shareholder return policy from a div- idend payout ratio of 30%, linked to business performance, to a total return ratio* of 50% or more, which is the sum of dividends and share repurchase. Let me explain the think- ing behind this change. Advantest’s business performance has been relatively stable for the past few years, but while dividends were increased in line with our dividend rate cal- culation based on business performance on a semiannual basis—in accordance with our dividend policy before the
Growth Investments & Shareholder Returns
 While prioritizing active investments, expand shareholder returns
 Strategic Investment in M&A, etc.
Revised Shareholder Return Policy
Search for good targets with potential synergies in areas that will lead to strengthening our end-to-end test solutions Additionally, execute initiatives in line with mid/long-term strat- egy such as ramping up new businesses
Our dividend payout model shall be revised from the perfor- mance-linked semi-annual dividend payout ratio of 30% to a mini- mum amount of ¥50 per share semi-annually and ¥100 per share annually, with the goal of ensuring stable and continuous dividends Our target is a total annual return ratio* of 50% or more, includ-
Capital Expenditures
ing share buybacks.
(However, there is a possibility that we may not be able to disburse the targeted level of shareholder returns due to the occurrence of investment growth op- portunities that require more funds than expected, and / or the deterioration of business performance due to changes in our market environment.)
Mainly for improving development & production capabilities and work efficiency to strengthen growth foundation, as well as employee engagement
  Semi-annual Consolidated payout ratio
AnnualTotal returnratio
30%
FY2018-20
¥61.7B
50% or more
 Strategic Investments e.g. M&A
Capital Expenditure
¥47.7B ¥30.2B
Shareholder Returns
(Dividend + Share buybacks)
FY2021-23 (estimate)
¥150B or more
FY2018-20 Result
FY2021-23 Investment Targets
¥100B
  ¥40B
     *Total return ratio: (Dividend amount + Share buybacks)/consolidated net income
  37
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 38

  CFO Message
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
treasury stock worth up to ¥70 billion (10 million shares) from August to March 2022. This was planned and is being implemented in consideration of the balance between cap- ital efficiency and the effect on shareholder returns men- tioned above, while taking into consideration Advantest’s business performance and cash on hand for the current fis- cal year. In addition, in the past, we used acquired treasury stock in our stock-based compensation system for execu- tives and employees, or paid it out when convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights were exercised, resulting in the return of the acquired shares to the market. This time, we are considering canceling the acquired treasury stock as a measure to strengthen shareholder returns.
Minimum Cash Holding Level Policy
We are planning to shorten our cash conversion cycle com- pared to our previous mid-term management plan, but expenses incurred are expected to increase. We have cal- culated our minimum cash holding level based on a certain amount of expenses other than expenses such as capital investment, in addition to expenses that do not involve cash expenditure, such as depreciation and stock compensation, which must be financially supported during the period from materials purchase to collection of revenue from customers.
Under this mid-term management plan, we believe that cash and deposits held as working capital will be about ¥80 billion. Under the previous medium-term management
Cost/Profit Model
plan, it was ¥50-60 billion, so this is a significant increase. The background to the increase is that due to further business expansion, we anticipate increases in hiring and capital investment, as well as increases in dividends and tax payments, depending on timing. Regarding hiring, our employee headcount increased by about 800 in the last three years, although this included new personnel brought in through M&A. Capital investment is also expected to in- crease further under the new mid-term management plan. Regarding taxes, we had a long-term loss carryforward due to losses that occurred in the past, which suppressed our tax payments somewhat, but the balance of the loss car- ryforward was consumed at the end of FY2020, so our tax burden and hence tax payments will increase from FY2021.
Capital Balance Policy
A larger capital balance is better from the viewpoint of safety. However, since Advantest’s goals include efficient manage- ment and a ROE over 20%, we are careful not to accumulate too much capital. However, maintaining financial soundness is a top priority. We also emphasize metrics such as reliability evaluations from customers, that is, whether we are a part- ner that companies can rely on to support their business, in addition to financial numbers such as D / E ratio. In the past, we have experienced significant decreases in equity capital due to impairment of inventories and long-term assets, or the reversal of deferred tax assets due to the rapid deterioration
of our business environment. We therefore retain a level of capital that will not lead to insolvency in the unlikely event of an economic crisis that requires us to recognize several adverse events at the same time. Since the level of dam- age in these cases varies from asset to asset, a different amount of stress is applied to each asset category, and even, in a worst-case scenario, they were all to occur at the same time, we have made sure that we hold the minimum capital required, taking into account fluctuations on the asset side, to secure a certain capital balance in that event. Of course, we understand that ROE would be maximized by minimizing our capital balance, but in a growth phase like we are in at present, we also need to increase our invested capital. Some recommend covering those needs with debt, but we think that excessive leverage causes problems in terms of impair- ment. On the other hand, we believe that too much capital is also a problem. Thus, we aim for an optimal balance by, for example, adjusting our capital balance by reducing cash and deposits with a low return rate through shareholder returns with the goal of maintaining financial soundness and hitting our ROE targets.
Mid-Term Management Plan P/L Model Policy
Our previous mid-term management plan presented a prof- it and loss model with sales of ¥300 billion. In FY2020, we achieved sales of ¥312.8 billion, exceeding ¥300 billion for the first time in Advantest’s history. Operating profit margin was 22.6%, which seemed to achieve the 22% set forth in
Total shareholder return (TSR)
the profit and loss model, but excluding other income and expenses such as temporary profit from the revision of the pension system at a subsidiary, it was only 20.0%, which was less than the profit and loss model aimed for. This is be- cause we discerned that our business could be expanded further during the mid-term management plan period than originally planned, so we secured personnel and invested in development sooner than originally foreseen. As a result of such upfront investment, we expect average sales of ¥350 to ¥380 billion in the current mid-term management plan pe- riod, which greatly exceeds the average sales of ¥290.4 bil- lion over the previous three years. The cost of sales depends on the mix of products sold, so it is somewhat difficult to forecast an improvement such as a 1% reduction every year, but we hope to secure our gross profit margin even in an environment where material costs are expected to rise. Re- garding SG&A expenses, although increased hiring imposes a cost burden, we aim to keep the cost ratio down to about the level of FY2020 by increasing sales. The ratio of R&D costs to sales may appear to have declined, but this is due to our growing sales, and our policy is to increase R&D ex- penditures in absolute terms. Since we always have a long- term growth perspective, we have no intention of easing off on R&D investment. Our results for fiscal 2020 make it look as if operating profit margin has not increased much, but the present mid-term management plan period still keeps us on the road of continuing growth investments, aiming for sales of ¥400 billion. Of course, we will pay attention to cost controls, but we plan to invest with an awareness of growth and profitability from a long-term perspective rather than fo- cusing on single-year operating profit margins.
    Increase profitability on a consistent basis by improving operational efficiency, while maintaining R&D investment as a source of growth
Maintain our high level of R&D investment to date as a driving force for value creation and social contri- bution, aiming for a cumulative total ofapproximately ¥150B during Mid-Term Plan 2
(during Mid-Term Plan 1: approx. ¥120B)
Maintain and improve gross margin by introducing competitive platforms Suppress the rise of SG&A as % of sales by pursuing operational excellence
 FY2020 result
MTP1 (FY2018-20 Avg.)
MTP2 (FY2021-23Avg.)
¥350-380B
 45-46%
30-31%
 13%
 23-25%
   Sales
Cost of Goods Sold
SG&A as % of Sales
(of which R&D expenses)
OperatingMargin
¥312.8B ¥290.4B 46% 45% 31% 33% 14% 14% 23% 22%
      ̶ ADVANTEST  (%)
1,000
800
600
400 200 0
TOPIX (Including dividends)
 Last 1 year
Last 3 years
Last 5 years
ADVANTEST
 225.8%
447.4%
963.4%
TOPIX (Including dividends)
 142.1%
122.1%
162.3%
  The above is the cumulative TSR from the end of March 2016 to the end of March 2021.
Calculated based on (Increase in stock price + cumulative gross dividend) /the Company’s stock price
439.1
963.4
162.3
FY2021
202.2
114.7
FY2017
219.6 132.9
FY2018
261.5
126.2 114.2
FY2019 FY2020
  39
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 40

       Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
   Sustainability CONTENTS
43 Advantest’s Sustainability Vision 47 Risk Management
50 Environmental Initiatives
58 Column
ESG Promotion Depends on Everyone’s Sincere Buy-In
59 Efforts to Address Social Issues
64 Column
Leadership Model
65 Corporate Governance
74 Messages from Outside Directors
77 Board of Directors
79 Column
Off-Site Board of Directors Meetings
  Column 3
System Level Test and/or new business opportunities that stay close to our core business (ATE) Senior Executive Officer Chief Strategy Officer
Douglas Lefever
Over the past several years, Advantest has made investments organically as well as through M&A to expand into new business areas that comple- ment our core ATE business. We recognized the need in the industry for additional test solutions to achieve the required test coverage at the right economics, so we have made these investments. The investments begin in focused areas and when we integrate them into the broader Advantest test and measurement portfolio, we are unlocking additional synergistic value. As our customers’ semiconductor devices and modules continue to increase in complexity, various combinations of different test insertions and strategies are being employed, and it is Advantest’s responsibility to support these different workflows. A high-end IC can have as many as a dozen test insertions from start to finish, and these insertions can change over the life of an IC.
These new Advantest businesses include test platforms for performing system level test (SLT) for high end SoC devices as well as SSD testing for storage drives. Additionally, we have invested in the critical consumable components that inter- face between these test platforms to a customer’s device under test.
These additional test platforms, components, and technologies provide Advantest with import- ant building blocks to adapt to the future needs of our customers. In many cases, customers want to shift as much of their testing earlier (to the “left”) to avoid wasting costs on packaging bad parts. This requires innovations at the wafer or die level. In other cases, a last test insertion (to the “right”) to guarantee device system performance can require long test times with lots of power, so a massively parallel platform with active thermal control must be adopted. Therefore, depending on the customer and industry needs, Advantest is in the position to provide the best combinations of test solutions.
The next exciting piece to realize will be how test insertions can be linked together through data analytics which we call “going up”. Helping our customers to fully utilize the data between their test insertions to make the most efficient use of their test equipment can unlock a great deal of value. This linkage will create additional syn- ergies and new business models for Advantest that leverage our core ATE business together with these new system test businesses.
Advantest Cloud SolutionsTM
(AI,Data Analytics,etc.)
 UP
 5038 System Level Test System
IC System Level
Design / Evaluation Processes
System Level
Product /
System Level Test Process
Our Existing Business Areas
IC
Production processes Wafer test / Final test
    MPT3000 HVM SSD Test System
Left
Right
SEMICONDUCTOR VALUE CHAIN
  ETS Socket & TCU
Figure 1: Semiconductor Value Chain
    41 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 42

   How Sustainability Relates Our Business to Society
(3) ESG value, where ESG value is positioned as an import- ant value that promotes the growth of the other two axes. This is the reason why we added Further Enhancement of ESG Initiatives to MTP2 as one of our five key strategies.
in terms of strategy execution levels after having broken our key strategies down one step further.
Supplier Business partner
· Parts
· Service
· Collaboration
Global environment
Semiconductor manufacturer
Semiconductor · Design
· Development · Manufacture
Social environment
Semiconductor incorporated on final products
Installed
in various applications and infrastructure
Social dissemination
Industry Life Infrastructure Education
Advantest
Shareholders
Social issues (SDGs / ESG)
Global environment
Living environment
Social environment
Sustainable Society
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability Sustainable
Information
 Advantest’s Sustainability Vision
The Advantest Way, which defines our management philosophy, sets Sustainability through ESG Promo- tion as one of our management guidelines. Under our first mid-term management plan (FY2018-2020) (MTP1), we set 20 items of materiality to tackle in response to the corporate vision formulated in our Grand Design, and established sustainability goals as guidelines for meeting these challenges. Under our second mid-term management plan (MTP2) starting in FY2021, we aim to further strengthen these aspects of our sustainability vision.
1
expansion of Shareholder perspective future profits
      Corporate value X years later
   Present corporate value
 “Earning Power” as the Driving Force of Corporate Value Improvement
 3 ESG perspective
 For us to meet the expectations of society and contribute to humanity’s sustainable future, another source of strength— earning power—is indispensable. Under our second mid- term management plan, the idea that earning power is the source of corporate value improvement is depicted in terms of expanding a matrix consisting of three axes. The three axes are (1) shareholder value, (2) stakeholder value, and
Redefining Materiality
The announcement of our second mid-term management plan also saw a revision of our materiality targets. Prod- uct strength, technical strength, customer base, human resources, financial base, and risk management are only a few of the many important management topics we must tackle. However, the achievement of our Grand Design goals is our immediate priority, and for that purpose, we must thoroughly develop the strategies set forth in MTP2. With this in mind, we decided to make our materiality items the five strategies of MTP2, themselves. We decided that it would be more practical to clarify and tackle specific issues
ESG Promotional Structure
In order to put the materiality item of further enhancement of ESG initiatives into practice, we established our ESG Initiatives Basic Policy (for details see URL https://www. advantest.com/sustainability/advantest-sustainability/) as a management guideline for promoting ESG initiatives. In addition, we formulated our “ESG Action Plan 2021” with a total of 27 corporate-level themes, nine each for “E”, “S”, and “G”, as guidelines for expanding company-wide ESG activities on the global scale.
2 Stakeholderperspective
           <Materiality Items>
Reinforce core business, invest strategically Seek operational excellence
Explore value to reach a higher level Pioneer new business fields
Enhance ESG initiatives
 Our business
 Test solution
       Living environment
Promotional Structure
With the intention of promoting company-wide ESG activ- ities globally, a company-wide committee, the Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group, has been estab- lished, comprising the leaders of all Business Units and Functional Units . In collaboration with the Internal Control Committee, Disclosure Committee, and Compliance Com- mittee, we are building a system to manage and support the progress of ESG measures across the entire Advantest Group.
Sustainable Growth of our Business
The key to the sustainable growth of our core business, semiconductor test, is widespread recognition and accep- tance of its value. We have various stakeholders, but our business will not grow sustainably unless we provide the value that society needs, nor will we be able to produce results that satisfy other stakeholders. The public value of semiconductor test is hard to perceive for many people, but we believe in offering value in a different way. Semicon- ductors whose performance and reliability are guaranteed by our leading-edge test technology are incorporated into final products and used throughout our society and daily lives, contributing to global safety, security, and comfort. For example, aside from the social value derived from techno- logical aspects of semiconductors such as their functions and performance, low power consumption / high energy
efficiency devices can also help to combat climate change. Successful semiconductor manufacturers of the present and future will provide devices that deliver public value on this and other fronts, and we will continue to support them with our testing expertise. In other words, semiconductor test, our core business, plays a leading role in sustainabili- ty-related global initiatives such as the battle against climate change, and when this and other values of semiconductor test are recognized by society, that also contributes to the sustainability of our business. It is all interconnected. Ulti- mately, who is sustainability for? It is for everyone, including us. It is a global responsibility we are honored to share.
Internal Control Committee
Disclosure Committee
Compliance Committee
  Board of Directors
  Executive Management Committee
    Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group
  43
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 44
Leader: Executive Vice President, Cor- porate Planning & Stakeholder Rela- tions
Members: Heads of each headquar- ters / business division, secretariat
Business unit, functional unit (including overseas bases)

  Advantest’s Sustainability Vision
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability Information
ESG Action Plan 2021
E (Environment)
Representative Director, President and CEO Director, Senior Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officer
ESG
Key Issue
Person in Charge
Objective
KPI
2021
2022
Target Value
  Climate Change (Scope 1+2)
2023
2030
     Value Chain (Scope 3)
  Green Products
 Resource Recycling
 Biodiversity
 ESG management at Supply Chain
 Diversity
Protection and Respect for Human Rights
  Customer Satisfaction Employee Engagement
  Occupational Safety and Health
Health Management
 Board Effectiveness
 Corporate culture and code of conduct
Compliance, Risk Management
Promotion & Support of ESG management (Sustainable Management Working Group)
    Mihashi Tsukakoshi
Tsukakoshi Tsukui
Tsukui
Fujita
Mihashi
Tsukakoshi
Fujita
Tsukakoshi
Sakamoto
Hardwick
Fujita
Yoshida
Fujita
Mihashi
Reduce GHG emissions from business activities by 60% by 2030
Raise renewable energy usage to 70% by 2030, Group-wide
Reduce production times 30% through production process reviews (vs. FY2020)
Promote the use of renewable energy by suppliers and contractors Reduce CO2-equivalent emissions (basic unit) per test by 50% by 2030
Develop products that are free from polluting substances
Improve in-house recycling rate by promoting the 3Rs Maintain Group-wide water usage at FY2016 levels
Promote nature conservation activities (protection of endangered species in biotope, tree planting, beach clean-up, etc.)
Share and solve / mitigate ESG issues (risk management, human rights / occupational safety, environment, fair trade, compliance, etc.)
Fair treatment in gender
Edification and practice of Human Rights
Work-Life Balance
Conflict minerals elimination
Raise customer satisfaction under New Normal circumstances
Edification and improvement of attractive corporate culture
Infectious disease countermeasures (e.g. Covid-19) and occupational safety Promotion of Health Management
Update business and management issues to outside directors Vitlize discussion through Off-site meeting by board members Succession Plan
Diversity of board menbers
Add ESG performance assessment on compensation
Work Shop / Training for all employees (The Advantest Way, Law, Regulations, Information securities, etc)
Strengthening Internal Cotrol
Support & Report group-wide Policy, Strategy, Plan and implementation
Timely and appropriate disclosure (Integrated Annual Report, Sustainability Databook)
GHG emissions reduction amount / rate
Coverage rate by Renewable Energy
Production time reduction rate for target models
Number of suppliers who have introduced renewable energy
Reduction rate in basic units (vs. FY2018)
Perfluorocarbon (PFC) refrigerant will no longer be used
Waste recycling rate
Water resource usage
Planning and implementation rate of nature conservation activities
Due diligence implementation rate for major customers
Femal manager ratio
Participation rate of educational training
Return-to-work rate after maternity leave (ATJ) Exercise rate of childcare leave by male (ATJ)
Elimination of Red List smelter
ranking of VLSIreserach Customer Satisfaction Survey
Score of Gallap survey
Number of workplace accidents (frequency rate)
to be selected in White 500 (ATJ)
3 times / year
2 times / year
Policy/Process making, planning, updates
Outside director (> 40%), must be female members
Start from FY2022
Participation rate to e-learning (100%)
Regulary discuss about Internal Control issues
Report to Management Council and BoD (once a year)
Issuance every year
35%
50%
15%
10
38%
53%
25%
20
40%
55%
30%
40
20%
Announce release plan
18 activities planned, 80% implemented
100%
60%
70%
(tbd)
(tbd)
50%
PFC totally eliminated from next-generation models
JPN: 90% Other region: 73% or more
288,000m3/year
20 activities planned, 80% implemented
100%
(tbd)
100%
(tbd)
100%
1st
(tbd)
0
Do
Do
Do
Do
Do
Do
100%
Do
Do
Do
                                                                     New methodology in development plan
                             S (Social)
JPN: 90% Other region: 73% or more
288,000m3/year
10 activities planned, 80% implemented
90%
9.0%
100%
100% 12%
100%
1st
3.5
0
Do
Do
Do
Do
Do
Plan
100%
Do
Do
Do
14 activities planned, 80% implemented
95%
                                                                                                                        G (Governance)
                                                                                    Do
                                                    45
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 46

 1. Our Basic Risk Management Philosophy
It is essential to identify present and future risks, prepare for them, and take appropriate countermeasures so as to seize business opportunities and tackle challenges amidst the upheavals, such as the data explosion, the progress of the digital revolution, and accelerating social changes, affecting our business environment. Therefore, from fiscal 2019, we decided to link management strategy with risk management to comprehensively identify existing and anticipated risks. Each unit identifies risks as factors that hinder the achieve- ment of management strategies from a bird’s-eye view, and takes appropriate countermeasures according to the mag- nitude of the risks.
In addition, to sustain our business, it is important to prevent imminent risks from materializing and to establish a system that can promptly respond to these risks when
2. Risk Management Structure
Organization
Under the risk management policy set by the Internal Con- trol Committee, each unit manages its own risks while the Internal Control Committee supervises and evaluates the situation and provides feedback.
Risks regarding information disclosure are collected by the Disclosure Committee, and compliance-related risks are collected by the Compliance Committee. In addition, there is also risk information that is reported directly to the Board of Directors and the Executive Management Com- mittee.
A Risk Management Group, headed by the President, has also been set up to act promptly in the event of an emer- gency.
Process
Each unit incorporates the management plan formulated by the Board of Directors and the Executive Management Committee into priority measures for its own division. The Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group sup- ports the policy planning and risk management activities of each Unit, especially from the aspect of ESG.
The Internal Control Committee defines the factors (risks) that hinder the achievement of these priority mea- sures, and requests individual units (individual divisions,
they become apparent. Each unit strives to coordinate with the so-called second line (management division) and third line (internal audit division) of defense in managing its own risks, so as to be prepared to respond to risks even in a changing environment.
Thus, our risk management system is based on manage- ment supervision of risk analysis and risk response at the unit level. At the same time, regarding corporate-level risks, the Board of Directors or the Management Committee makes timely decisions and issues instructions to relevant departments to create a system that combines bottom-up and top-down risk management.
business units, and six overseas locations) to identify risks and report on their respective risk responses. In this manner, the Internal Control Committee supports the risk analyses of individual units as well as information sharing between units from a company-wide perspective. Each unit reports its risk management status to the Internal Control Committee twice a year. The Internal Control Committee then checks the risk management status of individual units and provides feedback.
Risks regarding information disclosure are collected by the Disclosure Committee, and compliance-related risks are collected by the Compliance Committee. The officers in charge of each committee then report them to the Board of Directors and the Executive Management Committee. Depending on the nature of the risk, some risk information may be reported directly to the Board of Directors or the Executive Management Committee. The Board of Directors or the Executive Management Committee handles risks at the corporate level by making timely decisions and giving instructions to related units.
In the event of an urgent matter, quicker response is pos- sible under the direction of the Risk Management Group.
Risk information
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability Information
 Risk Management
Risk management is crucial for Advantest, which depends on overseas markets for more than 90% of its sales, in dealing with situations that straddle multiple countries and regions. We believe that the key to successful risk management is a system that addresses risks with both top-down and bottom-up approaches.
Board of Directors
Risk Management Group
      Executive Management Committee
 Management plan
   Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group
  Support from the aspect of the ESG
Report on risk management status
Risk management policy formulation, supervision, and evaluation
Internal Control Committee
Compliance Committee / Disclosure Committee
 Divisions / business units / overseas bases
 3. Key Risks and Countermeasures
In fiscal 2020, approximately 500 risks were identified by divisions, business units, and overseas locations. There are also additional risks identified by the Disclosure and Compliance Committees. Below is a list of the major ones organized by ma- teriality. (For climate change risks see pages 50-53 )
 Director, Senior Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officer
 1
Key risks
Significant demand fluctuations in the semiconductor industry
Materiality addressed
Priority Measures
While reinforcing outsourced production and diversifica- tion of suppliers, we will strive to collect accurate infor- mation by strengthening communication with customers and overseas locations.
Executive in charge
  Mihashi
     2
Market share losses due to failure to deliver new products in a timely manner
We will strive to accurately anticipate demand by strengthening relationships with leading customers. We will consider lean ways to develop our products by thor- ough analysis during the early phases of development and design reviews at each phase.
Tsukui
   3
4
Intense competition may impact market share
 Potential lack of highly special- ized human resources
  We will strive to provide unique functions and high val- ue-added solutions by strengthening communication with customers and overseas locations.
Tsukui
  In the short term, we will respond by coordinating and replenishing human resources between divisions while formulating a mid- to long-term hiring plan, improving our working environment, providing opportunities to im- prove skills through education and training programs, and simultaneously pursing automation and training multi-skilled engineers.
    Hardwick
 47
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 48

  Risk Management
Overview Strategy Sustainability Information Environmental Initiatives
Based on “The Advantest Way,” Advantest implements climate change mitigation and adaptation mea- sures from a long-term perspective, aiming to contribute to solutions for socially important environmen- tal issues through our business.
We also analyze and disclose information regarding business risks and opportunities attributable to climate change in alignment with the recommendations of the TCFD (Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures).
ESG Action Plan: “E (Environment)”
With the implementation of the ESG Basic Policy, the Environmental Action Plan was formulated under the “E (Environment)” category of the ESG Action Plan and launched in fiscal 2021.
Director, Senior Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officer
 5
Key risks
Impact of global economic and political trends on global busi- ness development
Materiality addressed
Priority Measures
We will continue to punctually collect risk information. We will also establish new shipping processes and al- ternative supply sources to continue to make our pro- curement routes and production bases more flexible.
Executive in charge
   Tsukakoshi
      6
Risk of business stagnation due to uncontrollable events (natu- ral disasters, infectious diseas- es, trade wars, etc.)
We have formulated a BCP plan, and are working on collecting comprehensive information, and decentraliz- ing our production bases and suppliers to diversify risks.
Fujita
   7
Delays in commercialization of next-generation technology
 8
9
Uncertainty of acquisition / investment effects
 Fiercer competition in the labor market
 10
Risks associated with legal violation
    We are working to improve development efficiency by formulating a product roadmap that meets customer needs and promoting product platforms.
We are strengthening control by closely communicating with acquisition targets and investees.
Tsukui
Mihashi
Advantest consistently encourages responsible efforts to clarify KPIs for the three-year period of our second mid-term management plan (MTP2) (FY2021 to 2023), and contribute to the realization of climate change mitigation and society-wide CO2 emissions reduction.
 ESG Initiatives Basic Policy: https://www.advantest.com/sustainability/advantest-sustainability/ESGpolicy.html
Climate Change (Scope 1+2)
Value Chain (Scope 3)
Green Products
Resource Recycling
Biodiversity
Objective
Reduce CO2-equivalent emissions (basic         Reduction rate in basic units
unit) per test by 50% by 2030
Improve in-house recycling rate by promoting the 3Rs
Maintain Group-wide water usage at FY2016 levels
Promote nature conservation activities (protection of endangered species in biotope, tree planting, beach clean-up, etc.)
(vs. FY2018)
Director, Senior Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officer
  In the short term, we will respond by coordinating and replenishing human resources between divisions while in the mid- to long-term, we are carrying out activities to improve employee engagement.
   Hardwick
  We are striving to promptly obtain information on revi- sions to laws and regulations in order to appropriately set up and monitor internal processes and educate and train our employees.
    Fujita
  Mihashi
Tsukakoshi Tsukakoshi Tsukui
Tsukui
Fujita
Mihashi
Raise renewable energy usage to 70% by         Coverage rate by Renewable
40% 55% 30%
40 20%
Announce release plan
60% 70% (tbd)
(tbd)
50%
PFC totally eliminated from next- generation models
JPN: 90% Other region: 73% or more
288,000m3/ year
Reduce GHG emissions from business activities by 60% by 2030
GHG emissions reduction amount / rate
35% 38% 50% 53% 15% 25%
10 20
New methodology in development plan
JPN: 90% Other region: 73% or more
288,000m3/ year
10 activities
planned, 80% planned, 80% planned, 80% planned, 80% implemented implemented implemented implemented
2021
2022
2023
2030
  2030, Group-wide
Reduce production times 30% through         Production time reduction
Energy
  production process reviews (vs. FY2020)
Promote the use of renewable energy by suppliers and contractors
rate for target models
Number of suppliers who have introduced renewable energy
     Develop products that are free from polluting substances
    Perfluorocarbon (PFC) refrigerant will no longer be used
    4. Cases of Dealing with Explicit Risks
In fiscal 2020, the risks we had anticipated, including the global spread of Covid-19 and the sharpening friction be- tween the United States and China, materialized more se- verely than we had expected. However, we were able to flexibly handle these adverse circumstances according to the nature of the risks.
█ Response to the Global COVID-19 Pandemic Response to the global spread of Covid-19: The Risk Man- agement Group took the initiative in gathering information globally, supporting supplies to overseas locations that may be facing shortages of masks, and making prompt and flex- ible decisions on overseas locations. As a result, we were able to adequately control the infection situation amidst regulations that varied from region to region. Regarding Ad- vantest China, despite its having faced the earliest outbreak of Covid-19, when information was scarce, we took appro- priate measures such as strictly limiting the number of em- ployees who could be present at the office, and managed to continue business without a single infection in fiscal 2020.
█ Response to the Sharpening Friction between the United States and China
Response to the sharpening friction between the United States and China: When export controls were globally tight- ened including the reinforcement of the US Export Control Ordinance (US-EAR) and the enactment of the China Ex- port Control Law, we were required to comply with these regulations. With the General Manager of the Legal Depart- ment leading our response, we gathered cross-national and cross-functional members to launch the US-China Trade Compliance Project and respond to the situation. We now have a system ready to accurately comply with the export control laws and regulations of each country by collecting information from all over the world on this project and uni- fying our response.
Waste recycling rate
Water resource usage
Planning and implementation rate of nature conservation activities
14 activities
18 activities
20 activities
           Climate Change Initiatives
 49
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 50
Key Issue
Person in Charge
Advantest actively engages in international initiatives on climate change. As a global company, we are implementing climate change mitigation measures that are linked to international norms.
KPI
Target Value
 Outline of International Initiatives and Advantest Initiatives on Climate Change
 Institution
  Advantest's Initiatives
 Based on the IPCC scenario for global temperature increase, Advantest will continue to analyze management risks and oppor- tunities related to our business activities stemming from climate change, together with the relevant laws and regulations, and will enhance our information disclosure.
   With respect to the temperature goal stipulated under the Paris Agreement, we have established a CO2 emissions reduction target based on scientific knowledge and are working to implement the reduction.
   We have formulated a plan to shift the electricity used in business operations to renewable sources, and begun implementing it.
    We are actively disclosing information on our initiatives addressing risks caused by climate change based on the recommen- dations by the TCFD, SBTi, and RE100.
   
  Environmental Initiatives
Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
Efforts Supporting the Recommendations of TCFD
In April 2020, Advantest announced its support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) based on the idea that the risks and opportunities posed by climate change to our business and financial status need to be evaluated to achieve sustainable growth. Since then, we have been working on analysis, examination, and disclosure. (For details please refer to: https://www.advantest.com/sustainability/governance/tcfd.html)
In fiscal 2020, which was the inaugural year of our efforts, we began by analyzing multiple IPCC RCP scenarios and IEA scenarios and examined associated physical risks and transitional risks as a part of our business management. In fiscal 2021, we will continue to utilize the recommendations of the TCFD to achieve sustainable growth for the Advantest Group, enhance corporate value, and foster a sustainable future.
2-degrees Celsius or Lower Scenario: Transition Risks to a Low-carbon Society
 Category
Major Risks
Strategy & Mitigation Measures
Temporal Axis
 Policy & Legal
Technology
Market Reputation
Soaring part and product prices due to the introduction of carbon taxes
Decline in sales due to inability to meet customer demand balancing improved test performance with transition to lower-emissions technology and miniaturization from ex- isting products and services
Introduction and market adoption of new semiconductors
Increased stakeholder concern or negative stakeholder feedback due to delayed greenhouse gas emissions re- duction plan
Implementation of CO2 emissions reduction management throughout the supply chain
Research and development of energy-saving technology Fostering human resources for the next generation
Research into new test methods and development of test equipment
Introducing renewable energy based on the roadmap and steadily implementing energy conservation plans
Short-term
Mid-term
Long-term
Short and mid-term
Long-term
Mid-term
Mid-term Mid-term
   Governance
Advantest newly established the Sustainable Management Working Group (hereinafter WG*1) in fiscal 2020. With the WG as the secretariat for promotion, we identify and evalu- ate issues related to climate issues, while the ESG goals and priority measures of the entire Group and each Business Unit, Functional Unit, and Regional Unit will be summarized in an ESG Action Plan to support and promote activities for each business year. The WG will share information on the implementation status of the ESG Action Plan with related
Strategy
Advantest began by referring to the global warming emis- sions scenarios such as the Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) 8.5, RCP6.0, RCP2.6 of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) of the Interna- tional Energy Agency (IEA) to analyze scenarios and ex- amine associated physical risks and transitional risks as a part of our business management. Under the 2-degrees Celsius framework, we assumed that climate change incen- tives, such as the introduction of carbon pricing, would be
Business Risks and Opportunities Brought About by Climate Change
Based on the guidance and classification for TCFD, Ad- vantest has identified and considered environmental risks and opportunities relating to the Advantest Group’s busi- ness activities impacted by climate change. These risks and
Major Risks Brought About by Climate Change
Advantest analyzed impacts of climate-change risks and business opportunities using the following two scenarios in line with the TCFD classification: (1) “risks related to the transition to a low-carbon society” that occur mainly in the
company-wide committees such as the Disclosure Com- mittee, Internal Control Committee, and Compliance Com- mittee in a timely and appropriate manner, and will manage the progress of the entire group and perform risk manage- ment. The WG will report the implementation status of the ESG Action Plan to the Executive Management Committee and the Board of Directors twice a year. Specifically, in fis- cal 2020, Advantest agreed to support the TCFD and join RE100.
*1 For the organization chart see pages 44
strengthened and that there would be no physical impact
of climate change at levels that would impact our business. On another front, in a low-carbon society, the demand for semiconductors will increase substantially, leading to an anticipated expansion of our business opportunities. How- ever, under the 4-degrees Celsius warming scenario, where climate change countermeasures are not strengthened, we assumed that we may be physically affected by the effects of climate change such as the intensification of extreme weather events resulting in the collapse of systems.
opportunities are evaluated according to “importance” and “impact,” and classified under the following three tempo- ral axes: “short-term (from now to 2025)”, “mid-term (from now to 2030)”, and “long-term (until 2050)”.
course of the 2-degrees Celsius or lower scenario , and (2) “risks related to the physical impacts of climate change” that occur when the 4-degrees Celsius scenario is reached due to failure to reduce global CO2 emissions.
4-degrees Scenario: Physical Risks Related to Impacts of Climate Change
 Category
Major Risks
Strategy & Mitigation Measures
Temporal Axis
 Acute or Chronic
More frequent and severe weather events (e.g. hurricanes and torrential rain) leading to business disruption and damage across the supply chain
Minimization of damage through formulation of business continuity plan (BCP)
Research and development of energy-saving technology
Research into new test methods and development of test equipment
Introducing renewable energy based on the roadmap and steadily implementing energy conservation plans
Indicators and Targets
 Opportunities raised by Climate Change
Category
Major Opportunities
Strategy & Mitigation Measures
Temporal Axis
 Products and services / markets
Products and services / markets
Reputation
Expanding the base of semiconductor demand and grow- ing market due to the digital revolution
Introduction and market adoption of new semiconductors
Gaining social trust as a resilient company
   Risk Management
At Advantest, we consider the factors that hinder business management to be risks, and have established a com- pany-wide risk management system. Management risks posed by climate change are also managed within this sys- tem. With the support of the WG, we analyze and evalu- ate urgent and anticipated risks posed by climate change. Using the company-wide risk management system that we have already established, we implement countermeasures to avoid and mitigate those risks to prepare for and enable continuity of our business activities in the face of adversity.
The Advantest Group works to promote ESG management and realization of a sustainable society, which is the foundation of “The ADVANTEST Way”. As a measure to combat glob- al warming, we set medium- and long-term climate change countermeasure targets (CO2 emissions reduction) in April 2020, in view of the mitigation of climate change and the desir- ability of reducing society-wide emissions, as well as “RE100”. Regarding our promotion and adoption of renewable energy, by 2020, our bases in Europe and the United States will use almost 100% renewable energy. In Japan as well, we achieved 100% renewable energy usage at our Gunma Factory in April 2021. In terms of global CO2 emission, we have set long-term reduction targets that cover not only Scope 1 and 2, but also for Scope 3, that refer to emissions from our products during utilization at our customers’ sites.
Advantest’s Global CO2 Emissions (Scope1+2)
 Renewable energy introduction status
More than 70% by 2030 100% by 2050
 (t-CO2)
40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
38,131
FY2018
15,252 FY2030
CO2 emissions reduction: 60% Adoption of renewable energy: 70%
   CO2 emissions reduction: 100% Adoption of renewable energy: 100%
  Global CO2 emissions (Scope 1, 2)
 60% reduction from 2018 by 2030
  Average CO2 emissions per test
 50% reduction from 2018 by 2030
 51
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 52
FY2050

  Environmental Initiatives
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
Efforts to Reduce Global CO2 Emissions
The Advantest Group regards the prevention of global warming as an important corporate mission, and makes efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by providing green products and reforming our business processes. In addition, we are promoting medium- and long-term energy conservation measures and conversion to renewable en- ergy at each Advantest Group base and throughout value chains inside and outside Japan.
CO2 Emissions in Advantest’s Supply Chain
CO2 (Scope 1+2) Emissions Reduction Result & target
We had previously achieved 100% renewable energy at both of the AAI San Jose and AEG Munich offices. With this new achievement, the renewable energy introduction rate for the entire Advantest Group is expected to increase from 28% in 2019 to more than 50% in 2021. In order to contrib- ute to a future “carbon neutral society,” we aim to raise our renewable energy introduction rate to 70% or more by 2030.
Environmental Education
At Japanese offices, we will promote the introduction of so- lar power generation equipment and further introduction of renewable energy, and in Asia, we will also promote the introduction of renewable energy based on its availability in each region. In addition, we plan to work together with our suppliers to reduce emissions in our supply chain.
 (kt-CO2)
40 30 20 10
0
FY2018
27% reduction
FY2019 FY2020
60% reduction
FY2030
Zero emissions
FY2050
      Advantest CO2 Emissions Breakdown (FY2020 results)
5%
28%
67%
Advantest provides global environmental education to our more than 5,000 employees in approximately 16 countries around the world. In fiscal 2020, 99.1% of our employees attended. We also provide environmental education full of originality at each of our overseas bases.
█ Japan: Global Exchange Through the New Internal Website: Advantest and the SDGs
Japan currently operates the internal website “Advantest and the SDGs”, which promotes SDGs activities, and the in-house social network My LIFE.ON., where employees post and share activities that enhance Advantest’s sustainability for people, the environment, and society.
On our “Advantest and the SDGs” homepage, we share various social / environmental activities at each of Advantest’s global locations, contributing to the achievement of the SDGs.
On our in-house social network “My LIFE. ON.”, we not only post and share employee environment and social contribution activities, but also plan and hold various events.
These activities originating in Japan play vital roles in developing human resources who contribute to the SDGs by playing a central role in exchanges with our overseas bases.
Upstream
  Scope 3
 Purchased goods/ services
Waste generated in operations
Capital goods
Business travel
Fuel- and energy- related activities
Employee commuting
Transportation, distribution
Leased assets
In-house
  Scope 1+2
Purchased electricity, etc.
Direct emission from our own industrial processes
 Downstream
  Scope 3
Transportation, distribution
Disposal of post- lifecycle products
 Usage of products
   █ Gunma Factory Achieves 100% of Electricity Sourced from Renewables
From April 2021, all the electricity used at the Gunma Fac- tory is now derived from renewable sources. This renew- able energy is carbon-neutral and locally produced for local consumption at a hydroelectric power plant owned by Gun- ma Prefecture. The environmental added value of our elec- tricity charges (additional amount we pay over and above conventional electricity) will be used by Gunma Prefecture for future -oriented projects. The amount of power used
RE100
at the Gunma Factory is about 12.8 million kWh per year, so it is expected that switching to renewable energy will reduce CO2 emissions by about 5,000 t-CO2 per year. This is equivalent to the CO2 absorbed by about 360,000 Japanese cedar trees in one year. (One cedar tree absorbs 14 kg of CO2 annually, according to Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries data.)
Advantest and the SDGs (Internal website)
█ Singapore (ASP): SDGs Online Workshop Held at ASP
SNS My LIFE.ON. (In-house social network)
■ Products sold ■ Other
■ Parts purchased
  SDG workshop were organized and held for employees in April and May 2021. Two workshops were held (Session 1 in April and Session 2 in May) with profes- sional lecturers, and a total of 300 employees from Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, and the Philippines participated. Both Sessions 1 and 2 were held multiple times to make it easier for employees to participate, and participants learned about the SDGs, the progress assessment of the SDGs in Singapore, and the role of Ad- vantest in the achievement of the SDGs. In addition, we introduced quizzes and devised ways to make the sessions more engaging and interactive, where every- one actively answered the questions online and deepened their understanding of the environment.
  53
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 54

  Environmental Initiatives
Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
Environment / SDGs: Advantest’s Participation in Global Earth Day
Advantest held events to contribute to the awareness of the Earth Day at various locations around the world to commemorate Earth Day on April 22.
█ Taiwan: Contributing to the Global Environment through the Declaration on Earth Day and Vegan Meal
Advantest participated in the “Edu Town SDGs Alliance,” a project sponsored by publishing groups Nikkei BP, TREE, and Tokyo Shoseki, that aims to help elementary and junior high school students learn about the SDGs, in addition to the science classes we regularly hold for elementary school students .
  At Advantest Taiwan, a series of campaigns and events, chiefly 1) The Declaration on Earth Day and 2) A vegan meal, were organized to which a total of 200 employees participated. In the Declaration on Earth Day, we installed a board with a big poster beside the reception desk where our employees expressed/wrote their ideas with 3M stick- ers to pledge reduction of environmental footprint such as carrying their own bags for shopping and valuing water re- sources.
In addition, we offered vegetarian meals such as plant- based tofu burgers, and our employees contributed to the global environment by eating healthy and environmentally friendly foods.
█ China: 2021 Earth Hour
Our employees turned off the lights at home and at the of- fice, and shared their participation and feelings towards the Earth Day night on our in-house social network My LIFE. ON. Everyone who joined the Earth Hour experienced a meaningful night in their own way and acknowledged how their tiny actions could contribute to the prevention of global warming.
*Earth Hour: A global initiative uniting people to take action on environ- mental issues and contribute to the prevention of global warming and environmental conservation by switching off the lights on the same day and at the same time all over the world.
Declaration on Earth Day Board
█ EduTown SDGs Start Book
The Edu Town SDGs Alliance’s goal is to “cultivate creators of a sustainable society.” It operates the comprehensive educational site “EDU Town” and publishes supplementary teaching materials (Booklet “Edu Town SDGs Start Book”) and distributes them free of charge.
In this project, we asked our young employee represen- tative to share her episodes in the Edu Town Tomorrow website, which supports children’s career education and vocational research. Our employee explained why she as- pired to be an engineer and what she studied to become the engineer she is today. Edu Town Tomorrow is an oppor- tunity for children, who read these ariticles, to expand their image of work and their future dreams and ambitions while giving them a better understanding of their present selves and learning at school.
EduTown SDGs Advantest Link:
https://sdgs.edutown.jp/action/016.html
EduTown Tomorrow Advantest Link:
https://ashitane.edutown.jp/job/workers/%E5%BE%8C%E8%97%A4%E6 %9C%89%E8%B2%B4/
   Vegetarian meals
      <From the Interview in Edu Town Tomorrow>
 I was delighted to have been involved in ATJ’s partici- pation in the Edu Town SDGs Alliance, and gained a lot of valuable experience. Looking back, I think the prepa- ration for the first “Edu Town SDGs” interview was the most difficult. There were about 10 questions I had to answer, but the questions were like, “What kind of fu- ture world will semiconductors help to create?” I don’t go around thinking about this abstract stuff in my ev- eryday life! I felt like I had to answer immediately, since I’m in the semiconductor industry, but when they asked me again, I stumbled over my answer, and realized how narrow my horizons are in my everyday work.
The content of the interview for “Edu Town Tomorrow” was about my own background, so it was a little embar- rassing. However, it gave me an opportunity to look back on my life so far, and I realized something new. Until now, when choosing my career path or looking for a job, I just kind of drifted in the direction of “things I kind of like” without thinking too hard about it, but as a result, I am now doing the job I longed to do when I was little! This is just my personal experience, but I’m happy to tell ele- mentary, junior high and high school students that there
Yuki Goto,
T2000 Business Unit
may be good things coming if you pay attention to your own likes and dislikes.
Thinking back, I realized that it is important to have a broad perspective. From now on, I will consciously think about what my daily work means from various perspectives, and I will think about how I can contribute
to society and the world.
 Interview scene
  55
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 56
█ The United States): Virtual Earth Day Event to Learn the SDGs
At Advantest America we held a virtual Earth Day event to share and learn about our environment. 128 employees participated in the event to discuss the ISO140001 program, learn about ESG activities, and share awareness about Sustainable Develop- ment Goals (SDGs17). We also had three sessions by three non-profits, Habitat for Humanity, Feeding America, and Second Harvest Silicon Valley, which our local subsidiary has collaborated with, making contributions towards achieving their goals.
The slides used during the virtual event
Employees shaved their participation in the turn-off event
How Advantest is Contributing to Society through Sustainable Activities to Support Childhood Education

            Environmental Initiatives
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
  Column 4
 ESG Promotion Depends on
Everyone’s Sincere Buy-In
Executive Officer Executive Vice President, Field Service Group
Titan Chang
Do you know how many places are short of wa- ter and how many places have been flooded this year? These disasters are getting closer and clos- er to us. No one can escape the effects of global warming!
Did you know that scientists estimate 50-80% of the oxygen production on Earth comes from the ocean, particularly oceanic plankton? That’s more than is produced by forests! What about the fact that butterfly larvae feed on bamboo, and how light pollution affects fireflies? Insects are also indispensable for agriculture. Without insects, we’d have almost no fruits or vegetables! How- ever, the plants that insects depend on for sur- vival are rapidly becoming scarce due to human activity, and the destruction of animal habitats is unimaginable! I have always been concerned with efforts to restore the ecology of indigenous plants, insects, and wild animals, giving them places to thrive and multiply, reducing human intervention, and protecting biodiversity.
Twenty years ago, I bought two large cabbage fields near my home. Damaged by chemical fertil- izers and pesticides, the ground was being eroded by heavy rains, so I started planting saplings of various native species. Planting about 3,000 trees in the last 20 years, such as maple, fir, cypress, cherry, plum, and peach, has stopped soil erosion. The native plants under the trees have also at- tracted many insects, birds, and animals. Bees, butterflies, fireflies, tree frogs, cicadas, wild boar, swallows, and eagles have all returned to the land and are thriving. It’s like a “theater of life” for my family and friends and me, where our children can experience nature in a clean and fresh atmo- sphere.
Left: Titan Chang
I have also started to grow organic peaches. In the future, I hope to continue activities that con- tribute to the public welfare, so that more people can benefit from this land. I believe that what an individual can do is limited, but collective action can be very effective. When companies and gov- ernments join in, the effect will be even greater. In Japan there is the Satoyama Project, in Asia there is the Wilderness Conservation Associa- tion, in China there is tree-planting in the desert, and there is also a plan to protect the oceans in the Pacific. We at Advantest also have “Further enhancement of ESG initiatives” in our second mid-term management plan. But without sincere buy-in from each person, nothing will happen. In addition to working on environmental protection as an individual, I’ll do my best as an executive officer of Advantest and a leader of the FS depart- ment to encourage individual buy-in by sharing my thoughts and experiences, as described above.
When we are all working together to support the company’s ESG initiatives, we’ll have a far greater positive impact than if we tried to go it alone.
 Awareness Building through Sustainable Choices
 █ MSC / ASC CoC Certification & Provision of Sustainable Seafood
In February 2021, Advantest acquired Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) / Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC) Chain of Custody (CoC) certification, which is an interna- tional certification for sustainable seafood, at four of our bases: Advanfacilities Office, Gunma R&D Center, Gunma Factory, and Saitama R&D Center.
Currently, the employee cafeterias at our three offices in Gunma and Saitama regularly offer menus using sustain- able seafood, contributing to the sustainability of fishery resources.
In addition, the sustainable seafood menu has been re- ceived very well among our employees and is almost sold out every time. Being accustomed to sustainable seafood
in the employee cafeteria has led our employees to make SDGs-conscious choices, such as purchasing marine prod- ucts with the MSC / ASC certification label at supermarkets in our daily lives.
   Continuing Activities to Protect Biodiversity
 █ 20th Anniversary of Advantest’s Biotope Advantest has celebrated the 20th anniversary of the estab- lishment of our biotope eco-park at the Gunma R&D Cen- ter. The biotope is one of the largest of its kind established by any private company in Japan. Under the guidance of Gunma University, we created forests, ponds, and streams that are rich in nature in a place that was initially a vacant lot. Furthermore, we aimed at regenerating a forest while exterminating invasive species, and protecting and nurtur- ing native and threatened species.
Our biotope is the home of the boneset plant, which has been designated as a near threatened species by the national government and as threatened species (IA) by Gunma Prefecture. For more than 10 years, Advantest has cooperated with Gunma University’s research on boneset to
avoid its extinction. Similarly, our biotope is also protecting and growing endangered species found in Gunma Prefec- ture such as floating hearts and Amsonia elliptica.
Birds of prey including top predators such as black kites, buzzards, and sparrowhawks have also been identified in our biotope as examples of an environment in which diverse creatures can live together. In 2020, owls were confirmed for the first time.
From 2020, as part of a joint research project with Gun- ma University, we restarted calculation of carbon dioxide absorption by the biotope (*) . Advantest will continue to contribute to mitigating climate change through research over the next three years.
(*For further details, please refer to: https://www.advantest.com/sustain- ability/environment/biotope/index.html)
 57
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 58

 Efforts to Address Social Issues
As corporate activities become more and more globalized, a new spotlight has shone on human rights violations and labor issues. Companies must take the initiative to solve social issues not only by them- selves but also in collaboration with their own supply chain.
Advantest proactively deploys measures to solve these social issues throughout our business, based on The Advantest Way and our corporate mission statement, “Enabling Leading-edge Technologies.” Our ESG Basic Policy, formulated in 2021, sets forth our social responsibility as a global company and our commitments to our stakeholders. Meanwhile, our ESG Action Plan 2021 describes specific themes, goals, and KPIs to support and promote company-wide activities and to disclose information.
At Advantest, we annually conduct a Supply Chain CSR Survey guided by international norms such as the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact and the RBA Code of Conduct. In this year’s survey, we investigated the status of foreign technical intern trainees at our business partners, which had been brought up as an issue related to human rights, and shared the problems associated with it.
As part of this responsible mineral procurement, our ESG Action Plan 2021 set the goal of “no use of conflict miner- als.” We have been implementing an annual survey of our business partners using the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) tool developed by the Responsible Min- erals Initiative (RMI).
(For further details, please refer to: http://www.advantest.com/sustain- ability/society/schain-management.html)
etc.), which are now being trialed in society as research and development continue. Advantest has created a quality tracing system and has begun efforts to contribute to en- suring the safety of such automated systems.
In terms of software development, Advantest has begun efforts to improve quality through visualization by quantita- tive measurement of the development process by acquiring Automotive SPICE (Software Process Improvement and Capability dEtermination) Certification, which defines the framework of the automotive software development pro- cess.
Automobiles Smartphones Data centers Medical equipment
 Key Issue
Person in Charge
Objective
Director, Senior Executive Officer
Due diligence implementation rate for major customers
Femal manager ratio
Senior Executive Officer
KPI
2021
Target Value
2022
2023
2030
<Advantest Group Priority Issues Related to Human Rights>
Elimination of discrimination
Prohibition of child labor and forced labor
Respect for basic labor rights
Fair wages and management of working hours Safe working environment and health management Prohibition of discriminatory behavior, violence, and harassment
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information  Share and solve / mitigate ESG issues (risk management, human rights / occupational safety, environment, fair trade, compliance, etc.)
Fair treatment in gender
90%
9.0% 100%
100% 12%
100% 1st 3.5 0
Do
95%
100% 100%
(tbd) 100%
(tbd)
100% 1st (tbd) 0
Do
Responsible Mineral Procurement
Advantest’s Procurement Policy requires our business part- ners to eliminate conflict minerals (3TG; tin, tantalum, tung- sten, gold) that can be sources of funding for armed groups in the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjacent coun- tries. Advantest promotes efforts to inhibit acts that may result in impaired socio-economic and environmental sta- bility including participation in human rights violations such as human trafficking or environmental destruction, and tol- erating, recognizing, benefiting, contributing, supporting, or promoting agents of armed conflict.
█ Quality Assurance Initiatives
Semiconductor testing equipment manufactured and of- fered by Advantest (hereinafter referred to as testers) plays a vital role in supporting the reliability of semiconductors by testing the operation of semiconductors and verifying that they operate correctly.
In recent years, semiconductors applications have ex- panded dramatically into diverse fields, and production volumes are also rising. The wide use of semiconductors in automobiles, aircraft, transportation infrastructure, etc., has focused additional attention on their quality and safety.
Semiconductors play an important role in ensuring the safety of automated systems (autonomous driving, drones,
Product
Investigation of cause
Tsukakoshi
Fujita
Tsukakoshi Sakamoto Hardwick
Fujita
Respecting and Protecting Human Rights
Advantest has participated in the United Nations Glob- al Compact since 2019, which commits us to support the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact, covering human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption, and to promote efforts to recognize and improve issues within the company and in our supply chain.
     Edification and practice of Human Rights         Participation rate of educational training
       Work-Life Balance
Conflict minerals elimination
Raise customer satisfaction under New Normal circumstances
Edification and improvement of attractive corporate culture
Infectious disease countermeasures (e.g. Covid-19) and occupational safety
Promotion of Health Management
Return-to-work rate after maternity leave (ATJ)
Exercise rate of childcare leave by male (ATJ)
Elimination of Red List smelter
ranking of VLSIreserach customer satisfaction survey
Score of Gallap survey
Number of workplace accidents (frequency rate)
to be selected in White 500 (ATJ)
                           In 2021, we broadly set forth our approach to human rights and awareness of top-priority issues in the Advantest Group Human Rights Policy and Advantest Group Priority Issues Related to Human Rights document, as a part of our efforts to promote and resolve these issues.   Commit:
Assess:
Act:
Report:Commitment and communica- tion for human rights
Human rights risk assessment in business and the supply chain
Actions to reduce risks based on the results of the survey
Regular disclosure of infor- mation
   Formulation and disclosure of Advantest Group Human Rights Policy
Support and respect for the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact
Disclosure of Advantest Group Priority Issues Related to Human Rights
Supply Chain CSR Survey
Feedback and review of CSR survey results
Disclosure of information in reports and websites     Stakeholder engagementGrievance management mechanism59
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 60

Diversity
Active participation by each employee is crucial for a com- pany’s sustainable growth. Thus, Advantest has set Inclu- sion and Diversity as one of its core values. We believe that creating a comfortable and inclusive workplace environment and instilling working practices that maximize employee
capabilities while encouraging positive work-life balance is imperative. Under this philosophy, Advantest actively works to create a workplace and corporate culture that helps each employee to maximize their capabilities and individuality, and promotes engagement and enthusiasm.
Work-Life Balance Programs for Childcare and Caregiving
At Advantest in Japan, pregnant employees can receive 100% compensation during prenatal checkups and preg- nancy complications leave, and are offered the choice to work shorter hours if a doctor recommends it. Advantest offers childcare leave and caregiving leave that exceeds le- gal standards. Childcare leave can be taken until the child reaches the age of two years and three months, and care- giving leave can be taken for a maximum of three years. Other leave programs are also widely used, such as the accumulated holiday program, which can be taken for a va- riety of reasons, by fathers as well as mothers, including childbirth, childcare, fertility treatment, and other caregiving responsibilities. Furthermore, Advantest offers shorter work hours for employees who are raising children or looking af- ter ill relations. Shorter working hours for childcare can be used until the child reaches the sixth grade, and this option is currently being used by many parents to balance work and childcare. There is no restriction on the period in which employees can work short hours for caregiving, so that em- ployees can best balance their jobs with their home lives.
As there are certain cases in which employees resign their jobs for personal reasons, such as marriage, childbirth,
childcare, family caregiving, and spousal job relocation, Ad- vantest has established a re-employment program for em- ployees who meet certain criteria.
It should be noted that re-employment following child- care leave, as a result of these efforts, was 100% in fiscal 2020. We are also working on support for childcare partici- pation for fathers, which includes the provision of personal consultations for male employees with children and their supervisors, guidance for childcare-related systems, and support for using childcare leave.
In addition, as a measure to prevent the global spread of COVID-19, we introduced the remote working system ahead of schedule. By December 2020, we made it a per- manent system and withdrew the restrictions on the max- imum number of days that remote work is possible. The expansion of new workstyles has also helped employees who are raising children to balance work and child-rearing.
However, since the ratio of male employees taking child- care leave in fiscal 2020 remained at 5.1%, we continue to provide individual guidance to male employees who are raising children with the aim of encouraging more of them to take childcare leave.
  Advantest has set a goal of exceeding the average female participation in our industry in fiscal 2018 in the General Business Operator Action Plan according to the “Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace,” and has been promoting various activities to achieve the goal. In November 2020, Advantest was granted the “Eruboshi” Grade 2 certification (2 stars) based on the “Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.”
Advantest was also granted the “Kurumin” certification based on the “Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next Generation Children” in February 2021, which recognized initiatives during the action plan period from April 2018 to March 2020 (measures and efforts to improve the ratio of male em- ployees taking childcare leave and creating an environment for supporting work-life balance, reduction of overtime labor, promotion of acquisition of annual paid leave).

Customer Satisfaction
In order to meet market requirements, we believe that it is essential to build good relationships with our custom- ers and continue to be a strong business partner. This is the fruit of the relationships of mutual trust formed through
regular communication with customers, technological strength, exceptional products, and expert support system. Every year, Advantest participates in a customer satisfac- tion survey conducted by VLSI Research, the world’s leading semiconductor market-research firm, in order to objectively grasp how our customers perceive our efforts. The survey has been conducted since 1988 and is known as the only survey in the industry to receive direct customer feedback.
In the 2021 survey results, Advantest was ranked first in both THE BEST suppliers of test equipment and on the 10 BEST list of large suppliers of chip making equipment for the second consecutive year. Advantest also achieved customer ratings of 9.5/10 and above in the categories including Recommended Supplier, Trust in Supplier, Tech- nical Leadership, Partnership, and Field Engineering Sup- port. Advantest has always been ranked high in THE BEST Suppliers category, but in 2021 Advantest was the only au- tomatic test equipment supplier to receive a 5 VLSI Star designation.
While face-to-face meetings have been severely restrict- ed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are striving to main- tain and improve customer satisfaction by communicating with our customers through alternative means of communi- cation such as online business negotiations.
In addition to daily communication, we hold the VOICE-Ad- vantest Developer Conference annually, as well as various technical seminars befitting our mission to “enable lead- ing-edge technologies,” sharing semiconductor-related technology trends, our latest technology, test solutions, and product information with our partner companies.
VOICE is an event to strengthen the network of our prod- uct users and our partner companies. Its steering commit- tee is composed of volunteer members from Advantest and our customers and partner companies, encouraged by con- tinuous support not only from our customers but also from industry groups. It has become a well-established event that is widely appreciated by our customers.

Employee Engagement
We conducted our first Global Employee Engagement Survey in the fall of 2018. Unfortunately, the result was below the level of comparable companies. In particular, our manage- ment was shocked by the remarkably low score in Japan, and reaffirmed the need for corrective action. (Survey by Gallup, Inc.: Advantest was 3.48, compared to the overall average of 4.03 at that time.) We also confirmed that the Group tends to have low awareness and opportunities regarding the cate- gory of Recognition (the need to know that efforts are recog- nized and valued) and Development.
With this situation in mind, these results were communi- cated to each division of the Advantest Group, asking them to consider the factors that lead to each result by sharing and listening more deeply to our employees’ opinions. As a result, various opinions were expressed and collected ranging from requests to improve the work environment itself, to how to progress with work, and the future of the company and per- sonal ambitions. Based on these opinions, offices and em- ployee cafeterias were renovated at each business location while some departments introduced tools to measure em- ployee engagement in a concise and frequent manner.
In addition, regarding improvement at the company-wide level, we introduced our INTEGRITY Core Values, and launched an initiative to enhance and strengthen these new philosophies with a focus on workshop-type trainings. These initiatives also generated opportunities for mutual under- standing and learning among our employees. Not only did the INTEGRITY workshops instill workshop-type internal communication, but also provided a place to expand the op- portunities for active exchange of opinions and idea creation.
We have scheduled a survey by Gallup, Inc. to be conduct- ed again in the fall of 2021. While objective assessment is critical by all means, continued efforts to improve employee engagement is of paramount importance. We will continue working on improvement without being swayed by short- term numerical fluctuations as recorded by the survey.

Occupational Health and Safety
Advantest Group recognizes that Health and Safety (H&S) is one of the important aspects of our business operation. The Advantest Group Health and Safety Policy is set forth to ensure every Advantest employee’s Health and Safety.
Advantest Group Health and Safety Policy: https://www.advantest.com/sustainability/society/safety.html
Every year we convene a “Health and Safety Committee Meeting” which decides the health and safety direction and policy for the whole group. Our approach to health and safety is based on the main activity themes decided on at this meeting, based on which the health and safety com- mittees at each location set their annual targets and plans.
We also regularly hold health and safety committee sec- retariat meetings throughout the company, and strengthen
each location’s health and safety activities through this sharing of information about relevant activities.
Members of the company-wide Health and Safety Com- mittee are the heads of the Health and Safety Committees at each business location. Furthermore, the members of the Health and Safety Committees at each business location include both company and union representatives.Implementation of Workplace Vaccination
At Advantest, in order to reduce the burden on the community regarding COVID-19 vaccination and speed up the vaccination process, we carried out occupational vaccination at the Gunma R&D Center.
The second inoculation was completed in early August for about 2,000 people, mainly employees work- ing at business locations in the Gunma area.
Support for Healthcare Workers at the Forefront of COVID-19
Advantest donated a total of 90 million yen to six of the medical associations and nursing associations of the local governments where our overseas locations are based, with the aim of supporting the healthcare workers and medical professionals at the forefront of the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic.
Promotion of Health and Productivity Management
Up to this point, Advantest has had various initiatives for health and productivity. To further promote various initiatives for health and productivity, Advantest formulated a Declaration of HPM Policy in September 2019 and decided to incorporate Health and Productivity Management.
Ever since the Declaration of HPM Policy was established, the health insurance society and labor union have come together to promote health check-ups, boost the implementation rate of
specified health guidance, and introduce a health portal site, along with various other activities that directly affect employ- ee health such as online dieting/smoking cessation programs and yoga/health/exercise seminars. As a result, although we were not certified in fiscal 2018, Advantest has been certified as a Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization in the large enterprise category in fiscal 2019, and was selected for the “White 500”, which corresponds to the top 500 companies with excellent health
management, in fiscal 2020, under the program promoted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and hosted by the Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
 Declaration of HPM Policy
In order to realize Advantest’s mission, we will strive to cre- ate a workplace where every employee can work in optimal physical and mental health, and to contribute to humanity’s sustainable future as a corporate citizen.
 
 Column 5A ”Learning Organization” is the cornerstone of human resource development.
Senior Executive Officer
Global HR Executive Vice President
Keith Hardwick
Chapter 1 – Introduction
With the release of our Midterm Plan 2, Advantest reaffirmed that our employees are one of our most valuable assets. With this in mind we maintained our commitments to attract and retain the best talent in the industry and our continued invest- ments into becoming a learning organization with the introduction of several global programs like; INTEGRITY Core Values, employee engagement survey, and training and development.
Chapter 2 – Investments into a learning or- ganization
Over the last year Advantest made significant investments into enhancing our learning orga- nization by taking the next steps in our culture evolution represented by our INTEGRITY Core Values. This years effort focuses on leadership, and we encouraged all Advantest leaders to take a personal journey of leadership growth using a customized Leading with INTEGRITY Workshop as a guide. The workshop we created focuses on the four distinctive interconnected roles of leader:
making progress on our shared Leading with IN- TEGRITY journey.
Chapter 3 – Establishment of Advantest De- velopment Framework (Include slide after Marcom cleans up)
The Advantest Development Framework estab- lishes foundational skills, advanced skills, manager skills and senior management skills that Advantest seeks for all levels of employees. In conjunction with the development framework introduction we also introduced two new online learning platforms which are intended to provide all employee’s and manager’s access to training classes to further en- hance the skills in our development framework for their career advancement. Advantest will be moni- toring the usage of both platforms and establishing metric’s of success criteria for the development framework in this fiscal year.
Chapter 4 – Conclusion
Advantest is in process of a cultural evolution based on INTEGRITY core values, improve em- ployee engagement, and enhance training and development efforts. All of which will time to take hold, but with our reaffirmed commitment to change and will continue to make the necessary investments to ensure our ability to hire and re- tain the best talent in the industry and implement a learning organization that will adapt, excel and succeed for the benefit of all our stakeholders.
  Leader – The core purpose is to set vision, mission, and direction, which requires visionary thinking and the ability to inspire others.
Manager – The core purpose is to organize and direct teams to achieve business objectives and ensure com- pliance, which requires the ability to orchestrate work in teams and excellent people and project management skills.
Coach – The core purpose is to enable others to perform at the highest level possible, which requires leaders to en- able learning opportunities and encouraging others.
Expert – The core purpose is to provide domain expertise, which requires the education, teaching and mentoring of others.
Advantest Development Framework
   An introductory workshop was used to familiar- ize Advantest leaders with Leading with INTEG- RITY. More than 1,200 Advantest leaders have completed the introductory workshop and are new engaged in a follow-up workshop to continue their focus on leadership development, which is one of the Midterm Plan commitments. Coming out of the 2nd leading with INTEGRITY workshop we expect Advantest leaders to be inspired and encouraged leaders throughout our organization to continue
Senior Manager & Above Skills
Manager Skills
Advanced Skills
Organization Development
Senior Management
     Foundational Skills
Team Development Self Development
Management
Project Management
Leadership
Process Management
Business Skills
Teamwork
 Personal Effectiveness
Communication
* The implementation will be adapted to local rules and as practices.

Corporate Governance
Our Basic Policy of Corporate Governance
Based on our mission of “enabling leading-edge technolo- gies,” we at the Advantest Group constantly strive to better ourselves so as to provide products and services that sat- isfy customers around the world, and to contribute to the future of society through the development of leading-edge technologies.
In accordance with this philosophy, and in response to our mandate from stakeholders, the Group seeks sustain- able development and the improvement of corporate value
over the medium to long term. To achieve this, our basic principles of corporate governance are fairness, efficiency, and high transparency. Our “Basic Policy of Corporate Gov- ernance” is published on our website at the below link.
https://www.advantest.com/sustainability/ governance/governance.html
Governance Highlights
Board of Directors
Composition Ratio of Audit and Supervisory
Outside (non-managing executive directors):
Internal
(managing executive directors):
Committee
Internal
(managing executive directors):
Outside
45
45 33
(non-managing executive directors):
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information67
   %%%%
 Corporate Governance System
Election/Dismissal
10
Chairperson executive directors):
Chairperson
Internal (non-managing
 General Meeting of Shareholders
%
   Auditing, Supervision
Election/Dismissal
Election/ Dismissal Appointment, Dismissal & Supervision
Instruction & Directives
Executive Officers
Proposal
Consultation
Directors who are not audit and supervisory committee members
Nomination and Compensation Committee
  President and Chief Executive Officer
  <Makes decisions on business operations>
 Executive Management Committee
Internal Control Committee
  Compliance Committee
  Disclosure Committee
Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group
Directors who are audit and supervisory committee members
Audit & Supervisory CommitteeBoard of Directors
Accounting Auditors
 Auditing
Audit and Supervisory Committee Office
Cooperation
  Risk Management Group
 Departments and
Group Companies conducting business activities
Internal auditing
Auditing Group
 Cooperation
Support
Nomination and Compensation Committee
Activity Results (FY2020)Internal
(managing executive directors):
Outside (non-managing executive directors):
13 times 14 times 14 times
2 times
DirectorsBoard of DirectorsNomination and Compensation CommitteeAudit and Supervisory CommitteeOff-site meeting33
67
 %% CooperationChairperson
Term of Office for Directors (Total)
As of June 23, 2021
1 to 5 years:
6 to 9 years:
10 years or more:
8Initiatives to Reinforce Corporate Governance
A majority of the members of the Nomination and Compensation Committee became outside directors First appointment of an outside director as the chair of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Abolition of advisor system
2
   2003
2006
2011
2015
2017 2018
Transitioned to the “company with audit and supervisory committee” format
2020 2021
First appointment of a female director
Established stock compensation system and reviewed stock option compensation system
1
Introduction of executive officer system
1st meeting of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Abolition of retirement allowance system Appointment of first outside directors
General Review of Executive Compensation System, CxO System
Directors Director
    65
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 66
Appointment of first foreign directors
  Corporate Governance
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
General Meeting of Shareholders
We consider our annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be an opportunity for dialogue with our shareholders.
As in 2020, our top priority at the 2021 General Meeting of Shareholders was the safety and security of shareholders and their families. To prevent the spread of Covid-19, the event was held in a large hall on our premises where social distancing is easy, helping shareholders to feel at ease.
This year for the first time, we livestreamed the General Meeting of Shareholders to all shareholders. On the day of the meeting, we also invited opinions from shareholders in the form of online messages. We received opinions from several shareholders, some of which were answered by the chairman in real time.
Going forward, we will continue to open our general meet- ings of shareholders to as many shareholders as possible, including those who may have difficulty attending in person.
Board of Directors
As a management decision-making body, the Board of Directors decides important matters such as the manage- ment policy and management strategy of the entire Advan- test Group, and monitors and supervises the execution of these policies and strategies by the managing organiza- tions responsible. By including multiple outside directors in the Board of Directors, we have strengthened the Board’s oversight function. At meetings of the Board of Directors, directors with a wide range of knowledge and experience pertinent to the agendas proposed by management express their opinions and share their perspectives in the context of lively discussions. The Board of Directors meets to consid- er budgets, the settlement of accounts, personnel affairs, proposed business alliances, etc., once a month, for about 3 to 5 hours each time. Simultaneous Japanese/English interpretation is provided at meetings, ensuring that the di- versification of our Board of Directors does not negatively impact communication, and materials and minutes are also translated into English. Details of the members of the Board of Directors are given on pages 77-78 . The Board of Direc- tors is chaired by Yoshiaki Yoshida, Representative Director and President.
In addition, in the case of major themes related to the company as a whole, such as mid-term management plans, we may hold off-site meetings of all directors so that they can take as much time as necessary to discuss proposals and freely and frankly exchange opinions.
Board of Director Off-Site Meetings
The Board of Directors holds off-site meetings to share in- formation and exchange opinions so that important issues such as mid-term management plans, succession plans, and M&A can be effectively discussed. In FY2020, the Board discussed our new mid-term management plan and succession plan during a two-day off-site meeting, where information on our core systems and business operations was also provided to outside directors.
Board of Directors Activity Results (as of June 23, 2021)
Evaluation of the Board of Directors
From March to April every year, Advantest distributes ques- tionnaires to all directors to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. The main items for evaluation are:
In addition, in order to further enhance the effectiveness of the board of directors, results indicated the importance of holding deeper discussions of ESG at Board of Directors meetings, and considering the most desirable composition of the Board of Directors.
Auditing System
On June 24, 2015, Advantest became a company with an audit and supervisory committee. In accordance with our formulated audit policy and audit plan, and following their internal division of duties, Audit and Supervisory Committee members attend important meetings of organs such as the Board of Directors, the Executive Management Committee, the Internal Control Committee, the Compliance Committee, and the Disclosure Committee. In addition to hearing reports on the execution of duties from directors and executive offi- cers, they view important approval documents and investi- gate the status of operations and property of the head office and major consolidated subsidiaries in Japan and overseas. In collaboration with the Audit Office, other internal control departments, and the Accounting Auditor, they also audit the execution of duties by directors, executive officers and other business execution organizations. Yuichi Kurita is the chair- man of the Audit and Supervisory Committee.
Outside directors who are Audit and Supervisory Com- mittee members participate in the Internal Control Com- mittee and visits to the business execution organizations conducted by full-time Audit and Supervisory Committee members as necessary, and actively audit and supervise the status of business execution of the Company. In addition, the Audit and Supervisory Committee cooperates with the Accounting Auditor, the Audit Office and other internal con- trol departments, and the audit officers of Advantest Group companies to secure opportunities to exchange opinions as necessary and to communicate with each other.
For internal audits, we have set up an Audit Office, and multiple full-time employees monitor the maintenance and operation status of the company’s internal controls on a daily basis, while identifying issues and recommending im- provements.
Regarding accounting audits, we have entered into an audit contract with Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC, and have undergone the prescribed audits. The certified accountants who executed the accounting audit work of the Company in 2020 are Toshiyuki Matsumoto, Minoru Ota and Hiroyuki Nakada. The continuous audit period is within 7 years for all employees. In addition, the assistants involved with our accounting audit work are mainly certified accountants, in- cluding system experts and others with specialized knowl- edge.
 Structure of the Board of Directors
(number of members, diversity of members, status of concurrent positions of outside directors, etc.) Management of the Board of Directors
(time of distribution of materials, contents of mate- rials, frequency of meetings of the Board of Direc- tors, performance of chairpersons, quality of web conferences and simultaneous interpretation, etc.) Agenda of the Board of Directors (management strategy, mid-term management plan, delegation to the executive side, succession plans, compensation system, risks, climate change, conflict of interests, appointments and dismissals of excutives, compliance, etc.)
Support system of the Board of Directors
(metting of outside directors reports from the Nom- ination and Compensation Committee, provision of information to outside directors, training for direc- tors, use of experts, etc.)
 Mid-term Management Plan
Advantest’s second mid-term management plan see pages 31-34 , launched in 2021, was discussed multiple times by the Board of Directors and approved by the Board. Prior to submission of the agenda to the Board of Directors, opinions were also exchanged at
off-site meetings.
Formulation of ESG Basic Policy
Our new mid-term management plan stipulates fur- ther enhancement of ESG initiatives, and the Board of Directors also discussed ESG at an off-site meeting. As a result, Advantest has newly formulated an ESG Basic Policy.
Executive Compensation
The new compensation system based on our current mid-term management plan, launched in 2021, was resolved after multiple discussions by the Board of Directors following a report from the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. Prior to submission of the agenda to the Board of Directors, opinions were also exchanged at off-site meetings. After multiple discus- sions by the Board of Directors and informal meet- ings at which all directors were present, the Board of Directors approved the new system, and portions of it were also approved at the 2021 General Meeting of Shareholders.
Business Restructuring and Business
The Board of Directors deliberated and approved sev- eral important business transfers and business alli- ances during FY2020.
Share Repurchase
In FY2020, the Board of Directors approved and im- plemented the acquisition of treasury stock in order to more efficiently utilize capital and allow for the exercise of stock options. We have also resolved to acquire treasury stock in 2021.
 Alliances
67
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 68
Results of FY2019 Evaluation
The effectiveness evaluation of the Board of Directors in FY2019 revealed several issues: improvement of the mate- rials distributed by the Board of Directors and their expla- nation methods, frequency of reports from the Nomination and Compensation Committee, and how best outside direc- tors can utilize external experts.
Based on the above evaluation results, efforts
were made to address these issues
The Board of Directors now prepares and attaches execu- tive summaries when providing materials. The Board also asks presenters to keep their explanations concise.
The Nomination and Compensation Committee reported to the Board of Directors three times in FY2020, providing sufficient information to the Board of Directors.
We made it possible for outside directors to utilize ex- ternal experts, and will continue to improve this system to make it more effective.
Results of FY2020 Evaluation
The effectiveness evaluation of the Board of Directors in FY2020 confirmed that discussions of corporate strategies, etc. were sufficient, and that the Board of Directors had free and frank exchanges of opinions.

  Corporate Governance
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
Nomination and Compensation Committee
Advantest has established the Nomination and Compensation Committee as a non-mandatory organization, which comple- ments the Board of Directors, to decide on the appointment, selection, and dismissal of Directors and Executive Officers, and to determine their compensation. The Nomination and Compensation Committee is responsible for the functions of both the Nomination Committee and the Compensation Committee. The Nomination and Compensation Commit- tee is responsible for improving the fairness, rationality and transparency of the appointment, selection, and dismissal of Directors and Executive Officers and of their compensation. The Nomination and Compensation Committee is composed of members selected from among the directors by resolution of the Board of Directors. To incorporate an independent per- spective, the majority of the members are outside directors. The Human Resources Department serves as the secretariat of the Nomination and Compensation Committee. The main agendas of the Nomination and Compensation Committee during the period were:
The current members of the Committee are Toshimitsu Urabe, Sayaka Sumida, and Yoshiaki Yoshida. Toshimitsu Urabe is the chairman.
Regarding directors and executive officers, the Nomina- tion and Remuneration Committee complies with the policy and procedures for appointment, selection, and dismissal of directors and executive officers established by the Board of Directors, and recommends persons as candidates to the Board of Directors who will contribute to a sustainable level of business development and enhancement of corpo- rate value over the mid-to-long term. Inaddition, regarding outside directors, in addition to the aforementioned policy and procedures, the “Independence Criteria for Outside Di- rectors” established by the Board of Directors also applies. Candidates recommended to the Board of Directors shall have a wealth of knowledge and be expected to contribute positively to the Board of Directors.
Appointment and Selection Criteria for Outside
Directors
The Committee comprehensively considers the personali- ty, concurrent status as a director of other companies, the number of years as an outside director of the Company, etc., to select candidates from among those who meet the independence criteria established by Advantest and have any of the following qualifications:
Compliance Committee
The Compliance Committee promotes compliance activi- ties, including employee education, provides education on human rights issues, and handles consultations and com- plaints. The Compliance Committee consists of 10 mem- bers, one of whom is an outside lawyer.
Disclosure Committee
The Disclosure Committee oversees proper disclosure by the company. The Disclosure Committee consists of 27 members, including Unit Leaders.
Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group
The Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group helps each business division incorporate policies related to ESG/the SDGs into the strategies it formulates on the basis of policies and priority measures enacted by higher-rank- ing organizations such as the Managing Executive Officers Committee, and supports the business divisions in carrying out activities in line with the PDCA cycle. It consists of 40 members, chiefly the leaders of all business divisions, in- cluding four executive directors.
Risk Management Committee
The Risk Management Committee is responsible for formu- lating measures to respond to the possibility of events such as disasters and other incidents that would make it difficult to continue business, and any possibility of harm to our em- ployees, as well as the possibility of problematic scandals.
The Committee consists of 18 members, including exec- utive officers, general managers, deputy general managers, business managers, and functional members, and is chaired by the president. In fiscal 2020, the Crisis Management Headquarters organized Advantest’s response to Covid-19 and confirmed the safety of employees after earthquakes.
Executive Compensation
Previously, the Company’s executive compensation system consisted of fixed compensation, performance-linked bo- nuses, stock options, and performance-linked stock com- pensation. As a result of discussions by the Nomination and Compensation Committee, which has a majority of outside directors, we have restructured our compensation system based on the following three points:
  Compensation mix and compensation levels should be calibrated to attract international human resources who support Advantest’s global business development.
In order to continue to grow on the global level in the complex and fast-evolving semiconductor industry, we will recruit talented human resourc- es from all over the world and compensate them appropriately.
Bonuses should be distinctly linked to busi- ness performance.
Given inevitable fluctuations in business perfor- mance, we will reward the contributions of exec- utives when business performance is favorable, and reduce the burden on the company when business performance declines.
Stock-based compensation should encour- age value-sharing with shareholders and promote management from a mid- to long- term perspective.
We will combine transfer-restricted stock compensation that incentivizes the pursuit of mid- to long-term improvement of corporate value together with shareholders, and perfor- mance-linked stock compensation that promotes the achievement of mid-term management goals linked with improvement of corporate value.
69
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 70
Person with legal expertise, such as a lawyer Person who has experience in corporate management
Person who has considerable knowledge of finance and accounting
Person who has knowledge and experience in industries related to Advantest’s business such as semiconductor-related industries Person who has extensive experience in research and development
Others who have background or ability equivalent to the above items
 Regarding candidates for director and executive officer positions
Regarding the review of the executive compensation system
Regarding the company’s CEO successor plan
Executive Management Committee
Hitherto, the Managing Executive Officers Committee dis- cussed important matters related to the Group’s overall management strategy and business execution, but this year we decided it was necessary to change the Managing Exec- utive Officers Committee system to further promote global management. From June 2021, Advantest established a new Executive Management Committee to discuss the above matters. The Executive Management Committee is com- posed of executive officers, half of whom are non-Japanese. We are also preparing to transition to a CxO system to en- sure optimal decisions on agenda items important to Group management, and their timely implementation. Meetings of the Executive Management Committee are held about twice a month, mainly in the form of web conferences.
Internal Control Committee
The Internal Control Committee identifies and analyzes im- portant risks for the entire Group. At the same time, it has clarified which departments are responsible for each risk, and policies and procedures for dealing with them. The In- ternal Control Committee consists of 23 members, includ- ing Unit Leaders and administration department personnel. One member is an outside lawyer who acts as advisor. In addition, outside directors can participate as observers.
Performance-linked bonuses should be linked to corporate value improvement over the mid to long term to increase their correlation with results, and stock-based compen- sation should be accompanied by transfer restrictions that require shares to be held throughout the recipient’s term of office. On the view that it is desirable to introduce a stock-based compensation system (RS) and a perfor- mance-linked compensation system (PSU) that are cou- pled to achievement of our medium-term management plan, a revised compensation system was proposed to the Board of Directors and approved by them, and a portion of it was also approved at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Changes to the system are summarized as follows.

  Corporate Governance
Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
Image of revision of executive compensation system (compensation calibration ratio)
 Until FY2020 (old system)
  No clear basis
  From FY2021 (new system)
   The ratio of fixed compensation, performance-linked bo- nuses, and stock compensation is approximately 1: 1: 1 for Senior Executive Officers (including the president) and 1: 0.8: 0.8 for other Executive Officers.
    Compensation Mix
    Performance-based bonuses
 Stock options
 Performance- based compensation
 Fixed compen- sation (monetary remuneration)
Fixed compensation shall be set at an appropriate level according to individual duties and responsibilities, and will be paid monthly, with reference to external objective data.
These are short-term incentives for the results of a single year, and are paid once a year after the performance of the Group for the relevant business year is confirmed.
before
after
Fixed
Fixed compensation ratio reduced
Expand the variable compensation ratio
            <Business Metrics>
Depending on the status of achievement of the income targets that have been set as a KPI, bonuses shall equal up to 200% of fixed compensation.
<Individual Evaluation>
Up to 30% of the total amount calculated and determined according to the policies above of performance-linked bonuses for executive officers, excluding the president, shall be redistributed based on individual evaluations conducted by the president and approved by the Nom- ination and Compensation Committee. Results of these evaluations and redistributions shall be reported to the Board of Directors. In principle, the president’s perfor- mance-linked bonus is calculated based on the results of performance indicators, but if the Board of Directors deems it necessary and clearly states their reasoning, it may be increased or decreased.
   (Restricted Stock (RS))
50% of stock-based compensation shall be transfer-re- stricted stock-based compensation.
Shares of RS will be granted every business year. Hold- ing is obligatory during the term of office, and transfer restrictions will be lifted when an officer retires.
50% of stock-based compensation shall be perfor- mance-linked stock-based compensation.
PSU will be based on indicators that determine the val- ue of the Company’s stock as described below, grant- ed in the first year of the Company’s 3-year mid-term management plan, and delivered after the conclusion of the period of the mid-term management plan ac- cording to the values of the following three indicators, which are set as a KPI.
(Performance-Linked Stock Compensation: PSU)
• EPS growth rate: The target is 14% average annu- al EPS growth over the three years of the mid-term management plan
Fluctuation between 70% and 130% of the standard amount
• Relative Total Shareholders Return (r-TSR): Compar- ison between the TSR of TOPIX with our TSR (our TSR ÷ TOPIX-TSR)
Fluctuation between -5% to 5% of the standard amount
• ESG: Evaluation scores of the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment are used as an index Fluctuation between -5% to 5% of the standard amount
Three years’ worth of PSU will be granted all at once after the completion of the mid-term management plan.
Officers who take office or retire in the second or third years of the medium-term management plan will be compensated based on standard performance, prorat- ed according to the length of time they have served.
       Perfor- mance-linked bo- nuses (monetary remuneration)
<Business Metrics>
The Group’s sales, operating margin, net income, and ROE for the relevant fiscal year shall be the KPIs that determine the bonus payment, up to 85% of fixed com- pensation.
20% of the amount of monetary bonus payments for the current fiscal year will be held back and redistributed based on individual evaluations conducted by the pres- ident.
<Individual Evaluation>
Performance-based bonus
* The above shows a model in terms of institutional design. The actual payment composition is linked to business performance.
Maximum Compensation for Directors
Restricted Stock Unit Remuneration Plan
Performance Share Unit Plan
      71
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 72
Stock-Based Compensation
(Stock Options)
The number of stock options granted shall be deter- mined based on position.
It shall be possible to exercise these options from 2 years to 5 years after the allocation date.
The amount of performance-linked stock compensation granted will be determined based on position.
The number of shares received will fluctuate based on performance indicators such as sales, operating profit margin, net income, and ROE of the Group over three consecutive fiscal years, and will be paid after the end of those three fiscal years.
(Trust-type Stock Compensation)
These performance indicators are based on those set forth in the Group’s mid-term management plan.
Performance Share
Unit Plan (PSU) *2 Within ¥200 million and within 50,000 shares per year
Monetary reward
Within ¥900 million per year*1
 Monetary reward
Directors Outside directors
(excluding outside directors) (excluding directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members)
Board member who is an Audit and Supervisory Committee member
Within ¥60 million per year*1
Variable com- pensation
 Restricted Stock Unit Remuneration Plan(RSU) Annual amount of ¥200 million or less
and 50,000 shares or less*1
 Monetary reward
Within ¥100 million per year*3
   *1 According to a resolution of the 79th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held on June 23, 2021.
*2 Performance Share Unit: a one-time grant covering three years, equal to ¥600 million as compensation for the execution of duties over the three fiscal
years. The upper limit is 150,000 shares, which will be allocated as shown in the above image per year. *3 According to a resolution of the 73rd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held on June 24, 2015
  
  Corporate Governance
Total Amount of Compensation for Directors (FY2020)
576 184 159 1 91 141 6
42 42 ― 0 ― ― 1
62 61 ― 1 ― ― 6
(Notes)
1. The amount of compensation, etc. above includes the amount of compensation, etc. for one director (excluding Audit and Supervisory Committee mem-
bers) and one director (an Audit and Supervisory Committee member) who both retired on June 25, 2020.
2. In terms of non-monetary compensation, etc., we issue performance-linked stock compensation and stock acquisition rights in the form of stock options to
directors (excluding outside directors and directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members). Performance-linked stock-based compensation
amounts given are recorded as expenses, based on Japanese standards, for the current fiscal year.
3. In the above table, “other monetary compensation” refers to that amount of the total “congratulations money” paid uniformly to all officers and employees
to reward them for achieving record high annual performance, based on the company’s performance indicators, including sales and net income, for the current fiscal year, which was paid to directors.
Directors who receive compensation of ¥100 million or more, and their compensation amounts (FY2020)
Persons with a total amount of consolidated compensation of ¥100 million or more are individually disclosed in Advantest’s securities report. The securities report provides individual disclosure of consolidated compensation, etc. for FY2020 as follows:
* Mr. Douglas Lefever’s remuneration includes the amount paid to him by Advantest America, Inc.
Stock
As of the end of September 2021, the Company had issued 199,542,265 shares of common stock. Since the end of March 2021, 24,505 shares have been canceled.
Stock options were issued until FY2020 as incentives for directors and executive officers, and the total balance of stock options as of the end of September 2021 was 8,850 (885,000 shares). Other than that, we have not issued stock acquisition rights or convertible bonds.
At the Board of Directors meeting in July 2021, the company resolved to acquire 10 million shares of treasury stock at a total cost of up to ¥70 billion. Currently, we are proceeding with the purchase of treasury stock based on that resolution, and as of September 2021, we hold a total of 4,017,094 shares, including the amount acquired up to last year.
In addition, the company grants one voting right for each unit (100 shares), and does not issue shares that grant multiple voting rights per unit (so-called dual class shares) or non-voting shares.
Overview Strategy Sustainability Information Messages from Outside Directors
Advantest from Board of Director’s perspective
One of the important missions of the Board of Directors is to encourage executives to make timely, appropriate, and bold management decisions while providing a variety of options for sustainable value creation that society demands from companies. It is essential that each member of the Board of Direc- tors engages in duties with a high degree of expertise and unshaken philosophy.
  Directors
Category
Total compensation*1 (Million of yen)
Fixed Compensation
Cash Compensation
Performance based Compensation
Other Cash Compensation*3
Non-Cash Compensation*2
Stock Options
Performance
based Stock Compensation
Number of Eligible Officers
        (excluding audit and supervisory committee members)
(excluding outside directors)
Directors
 (audit and supervisory committee members) (excluding outside directors)
 Outside Directors
 Osamu Karatsu Director
The Future of Testing in a Digital Engineering Society
It has been 76 years since John von Neumann’s First Draft of a Report on the EDVAC, written in 1945, which describes a key concept now known as the von Neumann architecture. The central idea is that the execution of predetermined func- tions may be controlled by a processing unit where “input” data is processed into “output” data, as shown in Fig. 1-1. The chief focus of this model is data processing. This focus gave rise to the field of computer science—which has, of course, brought immeasurable convenience to human so- cieties. Over time, technological advances and the explosive growth of data of all kinds have led to the dramatic transfor- mation of machine architectures into data-centric models, as shown in Fig. 1-2. Here, the focus is on the nature of the data itself, and how best to access it as needed for each processing task. This focus impelled the emergence of data science. We are still in the process of exploring what data science can do and how it can be used.
In contrast to the airy realms of data, in order to make a tangible thing, as shown in Fig. 2-1, we come up with a design that embodies a concept, push and pull the design into shape during the manufacturing process, and finally, after testing it to see if it works as planned, release it to the world. This basic scheme has been useful for a long time, but in recent years, the evolution of digital technology has given rise to the “cyber-physical” scheme. Cyber-physi- cal methods reproduce the appearances, shapes, functions, etc. of tangible things in cyberspace, and check and tweak performance on a virtual stage, which enables shorter times to market and greater functionality, This approach is gain- ing popularity in digital engineering. The flow starts with the creation of a model, as shown in Fig. 2-2. It is verified by analysis to check whether the initial concept has been real- ized, and if results are unsatisfactory, the model is corrected based on feedback. Only when this “cyber loop” works out in line with expectations will the thing go into the building stage, and become tangible. What is important here is that test data is an essential item shared by all three procedures: model creation, analysis, and building. This suggests that data-centricity is the very essence of digital engineering, and that testing manages everything. Testing, which is our busi- ness, is currently applied to the scheme shown in Figure 2-1, but testing will take on a much more important role if we shift to applying it to the scheme in Figure 2-2. In other words, our corporate value will improve by orders of magni- tude through this shift.
I hope to play a role as a visionary evangelist of these ideas.
Fig. 2-1
Fig. 2-2
  The total amount of compensation for Mr. Yoshiaki Yoshida was ¥171 million (basic compensation: ¥60 million, performance-linked bonus: ¥51 million, other monetary compensation: ¥0 million, stock options: ¥29 million, performance-linked stock compensation: ¥31 million).
The total amount of compensation for Mr. Soichi Tsukakoshi was ¥121 million (basic compensation: ¥44 million, performance-linked bonus: ¥38 million, other monetary compensation: ¥0 million, stock options: ¥18 million, performance-linked stock compensation: ¥21 million).
The total amount of compensation for Mr. Atsushi Fujita was ¥110 million (fixed compensation: ¥41 million, performance-linked compensa- tion: ¥34 million, other monetary compensation: ¥0 million, stock options: ¥16 million, performance-linked stock compensation: ¥19 million).
The total amount of compensation for Mr. Douglas Lefever was ¥191 million (basic compensation: ¥66 million, performance-linked bonus: ¥59 million, other monetary compensation: ¥0 million, stock options: ¥13 million, performance-linked stock compensation: ¥53 million).
Fig. 1-1
Fig. 1-2
 Up to Now
 Design Manufacturing
Test (Advantest)
 Von Neumann Architecture
 Input
Process Output
  Data Centric
Process Process
Process
Process
Data
Process Process
Process
 Process
       73
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 74
Total Compensation by Category (Million of yen)
Cyber World
Model Analysis Build
Physical World
  Test (Advantest)

  Messages from Outside Directors
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
        75
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 76
Toshimitsu Urabe Director
The Pursuit of Social Value Strengthens Our Business
“ʻSocial responsibility’ is our starting point.”
It is safe to say that corporate value (the present value of our fu- ture cash flow) means that “expected revenue generated in the future = sum of added value.” Our source of revenue is our repu- tation with our customers, based on the premise that the products and services we provide have social value. This is achieved when employees find their jobs worthwhile, continue to work and grow, and maintain a mutually beneficial relationship with our business partners. If this cycle continues, corporate value will increase as a result and the interests of shareholders will be secured. Vari- ous concepts such as ESG, the SDGs, and sustainability share the foundation of corporate social responsibility (Corporate Re- sponsibility to Society, that is our pursuit of social value through our core business). At Mitsubishi Corporation, where I worked for many years, we shared three corporate principles (“Shoki Hoko (Corporate Responsibility to Society)”,“Shoji Komei (Integrity and Fairness)”, and “Ritsugyo Boeki (Global Understanding through Business)”) and were taught that “continuing to transform and enhance one’s functions in response to changes in society is the only way to survive,” as our deeply rooted corporate DNA.
“The pursuit of social value strengthens our business.”
Advantest is a professional service provider that supports in- dustrial and social activities by implementing stable operation of products and systems that use cutting-edge technologies such as semiconductors, etc. In this role, our current way of developing and manufacturing test equipment and providing it to semicon- ductor manufacturers, etc. appears efficient and meets social needs at present. However, the social issue of “harmony with the global environment” which is becoming a crucial requirement for economy, industry and corporate management, and the ongoing progress of the “digital transformation” will increasingly bring all industries to a turning point toward 2030 through 2050. We will be asked again to define what ways of securing the stable opera- tion of systems, in a value chain that includes the semiconductor industry and industries that utilize semiconductors, will be most optimal for society as a whole. Advantest will also have to be agile in handling the existing competitive environment. While respond- ing to the rapid expansion in demand, we will seek and deliver the social values required by this new era without being limited by our current business models or past successes. This will lead to the transformation and further enhancement of our functions, ulti- mately leading to long-term stable profits and sustainable growth. Our Grand Design, a long-term strategy, strongly emphasizes this growth model, and promotes/accelerates upfront investment in data services and related businesses while strengthening our ex- isting businesses.
Nicholas Benes Director
Investing in the Future in the Age of VUCA
Advantest’s board and management team strive to constantly improve corporate governance, as it is the key mechanism for refining strategy and growing profits while also contributing to corporate and global sustainability.
But in today’s world such commitment is merely the mini- mum necessary starting point for that difficult balancing act. Concrete actions and results are what count. Nice-sounding phrases and policies are not worth more than the paper they are printed on.
Can Advantest leverage its good intentions and healthy board debates to maximize the concrete results that we are targeting? Despite appearances, we are facing strong headwinds. The world seems to have become more “VUCA” than before, with more volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity. There are far more “unknown unknowns” than before.
As technological change and demand accelerate, they create many fascinating opportunities. However, they can also stretch supply chains, or increase the chance that disruptive products and services may emerge. We could wake up one day and dis- cover that our talent pool is no longer leading-edge, or there is a new type of competitor in town.
To me, volatility is a big concern precisely because Advantest has not been affected by it recently. It is at such times that com- panies become complacent and proud of their high ROE , and fail to invest in the future. For this reason, now is precisely the time when we need to boldly invest in future value creation – for instance, by investing in additional foreign talent and R&D, by growing new businesses, adding new customers, and by devel- oping AI-based services.
We already measure our progress towards our near-term goals with financial disclosures, but measuring progress re- garding long-term sustainability and resilience to VUCA re- quires us to: do scenario analysis to identify the most important actions and strategies that lead to win-win results; b) track those actions with reliable yardsticks; c) continuously discuss ways to improve at the level of both the Working Group and the Board; and d) sincerely report to shareholders where progress has been made, and where more efforts are needed. We can- not just copy other companies.
We have much work ahead of us to cope with the age of VUCA. Luckily, although our work may be challenging, it is usu- ally fun. These are exciting times for Advantest!
Kouichi Nanba
Director
Standing Audit & Supervisory Committee
A Thought on Environmental Issues
Recently, I often hear the phrase “carbon neutral”. The idea is to reduce CO2 emissions from daily life, industrial activities, and social infrastructure, and ultimately to reduce CO2 emis- sions to zero with technologies and mechanisms that read- ily absorb CO2. When Prime Minister Suga declared that he would achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 at the extraordinary Diet session in October last year, I wondered if Japan had fi- nally been driven to face this issue. Looking at recent evidence of climate change, etc., I feel that properly valuing the global environment, including carbon neutrality, is an urgent issue to be addressed in Japan and across the world.
The reason why I began thinking about environmental is- sues is strongly linked to my own experiences. I grew up in a fishing village facing the Seto Inland Sea, and lived there until I graduated from high school. There is a harbor about five minutes’ walk from my house, the sea water is blue, and in the summer, the sea became a natural swimming pool, where I swam and played with my friends almost every day during summer vacation. However, around the time I started junior high school, an industrial complex was built in the neighbor- hood. It changed the environment completely: the sea was polluted by waste effluents, and the residents suffered from asthma due to fumes. Many people left town to get away from it. I feel that damage to people’s health and the destruction of the town itself was caused by the fact that the companies located in the industrial complex neglected environmental consciousness, instead trying to manufacture products at the lowest possible cost. I think companies should consider envi- ronmental issues more seriously.
Now, what should we do about environmental issues? In addition to working on in-house CO2 reduction, etc., I think it is necessary to consider utilizing our technology to help other companies that are working on environmental issues such as CO2 reduction, in the spirit of our motto “Enabling Leading-Edge Technologies.” I hope companies can forge win-win relationships with people and the environment, rather than being “one man’s glory built on the sacrifices of countless others.” Lastly, I sincerely hope that Advantest will take a leading role in this relationship-building endeavor.
Sayaka Sumida
Director
Standing Audit & Supervisory Committee
What We Should Do for “the Enhancement of ESG Initiatives”
Interest in ESG has grown rapidly over the last few years. For example, the frequent occurrence of natural disasters around the world has come to make climate change seem like a com- pelling issue to be addressed on a global scale. Human rights issues have also become recognized as issues that should be addressed not only by a single company but also by the entire supply chain. These factors exert a potent influence on whether or not products are accepted by society. It is now considered that the sustainable growth of a company is di- rectly linked to how speedily and accurately it analyzes risks and opportunities arising from the environment (E) and so- ciety (S), how it reflects these analyses in its strategies, and whether it has established governance (G) that enables it to effectively do so.
In FY2018, Advantest formulated its Grand Design to lay out where we want to be 10 years from now. From April 2021, the second Mid-Term Management Plan based on the Grand Design was launched. In the process of discussing the sec- ond Mid-Term Management Plan, we reconfirmed the global megatrends envisioned when formulating the Grand Design, and analyzed the changes which had occurred in the three years starting from 2018. As a result, “enhancement of ESG initiatives” has been newly added to our strategies. The ESG-related bar for companies is expected to constantly be raised, including the requirement to disclose ESG-related in- formation. We believe that it is essential to regularly monitor the validity of our ESG-related goals and efforts from an out- side perspective in order to steadily promote the “enhance- ment of ESG initiatives”.
Semiconductors are expected to make more and more significant contributions to changes in various fields to solve social issues. As part of the semiconductor industry, we are proud to be in a position to contribute to the innovation and development of the industry as a whole. Equally, we believe that it is important to continue to aspire to an open-minded organizational culture so as to maintain our position.

 Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
 Board of Directors
        Representative Director, President and CEO
Yoshiaki Yoshida
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2013
February 8, 1958 Japanese
48,494
Outside Director
Osamu Karatsu
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2012
April 25, 1947 Japanese 3,175
Director, Senior Executive Officer
Koichi Tsukui
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2020
December 11, 1964 Japanese
1,951
Director, Senior Executive Officer
Douglas Lefever
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2020
December 10, 1970 American
0
    13/13 14/14
Mr. Yoshiaki Yoshida served as the representative director of a subsidiary of Advantest, Executive Vice President of the Corporate Planning Group, Executive Vice President of the Corporate Relations Group, and Execu- tive Vice President of the Nanotechnology Business Group, before being appointed Representative Director, President and CEO of the company in January 2017. Given his wide range of management knowledge and ex- perience, Advantest believes that he is a suitable person to achieve sus- tainable enhancement of corporate value as a director of the company.
13/13 14/14
Mr. Toshimitsu Urabe has extensive management experience at a leading Japanese general trading company, notably overseas experience in the United States and Asia, experience in business investment decisions, and extensive experience in personnel management. Advantest expects that the insights which he brings to the global management of the Advantest group will contribute to the sustainable enhancement of corporate value of Advantest and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Based on the above, Advantest believes that he is a suitable outside director.
13/13
Mr. Soichi Tsukakoshi has worked in sales and marketing, was Senior Vice President of the Sales Group, and currently serves as Executive Vice President of the Production Group. He has a wealth of knowledge and experience concerning sales and marketing as well as production. We have determined that he is a suitable person to achieve sustainable enhancement of corporate value as a director of the Advantest Group by improving the efficiency of manufacturing and optimizing supply chains.
13/13
Mr. Osamu Karatsu has a wealth of knowledge and experience as a semi- conductor expert, in addition to management experience at domestic and overseas research and development institutions. Advantest expects that the insights on the industry and the comprehensive perspective which he brings to the global management of the Advantest group will contribute to the sustainable enhancement of corporate value of Advantest and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Based on the above, Advantest believes that he is a suitable outside director.
13/13
Mr. Nicholas Benes has extensive knowledge and experience in corpo- rate governance and experience in investment banking, including M&A. Advantest expects that the insights on corporate governance and the perspective of shareholders which he brings to the global management of the Advantest group will contribute to the sustainable enhancement of corporate value of Advantest and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Based on the above, Advantest believes that he is a suitable outside director.
13/13
Mr. Atsushi Fujita has been engaged in corporate administration, mainly finance and accounting, for many years, including assignments in the US and Germany, and he has gained a wealth of knowledge and experience concerning the Advantest Group’s business and corporate management. Thus, Advantest believes that he is a suitable person to achieve sus- tainable enhancement of corporate value as a director of the Advantest Group.
10/10
Mr. Koichi Tsukui has worked in various R&D divisions and in sales for many years, including assignments in Germany, and has a wide range of knowledge and experience regarding the businesses and management of the Group. Therefore, Advantest believes he is suitable as a director of the Advantest Group.
10/10
Mr. Douglas Lefever plays a key role in promoting Advantest’s business development in Silicon Valley and other parts of the United States. He has broad knowledge and experience regarding the businesses and management of the Group. His perspective enhances the diversity of the Board of Directors and can be expected to make it more effective. Thus, Advantest believes he is a suitable person as a director to achieve sus- tainable enhancement of the corporate value of the Advantest Group.
13/13 14/14 14/14
*Until June 23,2021
Mr. Koichi Namba has a wealth of experience in law and compliance and a high degree of specialized knowledge, after serving as a judge mainly in charge of civil cases for many years, and engaging in the practice of corporate legal affairs as a lawyer. Advantest believes that he is a suitable person as an outside director who is a member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee of the Company, as Advantest expects that his insights of law and compliance into the auditing and supervision of the Advantest Group will contribute to the improvement of auditing and supervisory functions.
        Outside Director
Toshimitsu Urabe
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2019
October 2, 1954 Japanese
321
Outside Director
Nicholas Benes
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2019
April 16, 1956 American
0
Director, Standing Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Yuichi Kurita
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2015
July 28, 1949 Japanese 11,563
Outside Director, Standing Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Koichi Namba
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2019
September 1, 1949 Japanese
289
    13/13 14/14
Mr. Yuichi Kurita has many years of experience in finance and corporate planning, and has extensive knowledge and experience in finance and accounting. In addition, he has served as a director and is an audit and supervisory board member of the Advantest Group, in which position he is currently striving to improve auditing/supervision and governance. In view of his achievements, Advantest believes that he is a suitable person to enhance supervisory and oversight functions as a director who is a member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee.
10/10 11/11
*From June 23, 2021
Ms. Sayaka Sumida has worked for an accounting firm as a certified public accountant, has been engaged in accounting, auditing, and inter- nal control operations for many years, and has extensive knowledge and experience of finance and accounting. Advantest believes that she is a suitable person as an outside director who is a member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee of the Company, as Advantest expects that her insights on finance and accounting which she brings to the auditing and supervision of the Advantest Group will contribute to the improvement of corporate accounting and internal control.
Applicable Experience and skills number
Leadership 3 Finance 3
Committee
Board of Directors
Audit and Supervisory Committee
Nomination and Compensation Committee
        Director, Senior Executive Officer
Soichi Tsukakoshi
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2017
February 1, 1960 Japanese
5,072
Director, Senior Executive Officer
Atsushi Fujita
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2019
November 15, 1959 Japanese
2,305
Outside Director, Standing Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Sayaka Sumida
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2021*1
2020
January 28, 1961 Japanese
0
of directors
  Knowledge of the semiconductor industry
Research and develop- ment
7
3
1/4 Attendance Rate*2 Chairperson
   77
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 78
Global Operation 10 Legal affairs, attorney at
law 2
*1 As of March 31, 2021 *2 2020

    Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
  Column 6
 Off-Site Board of Directors Meetings Facilitate Free and Open Discussion
Since FY2018, Advantest’s Board of Directors has held voluntary “off-site board meetings” several times a year, in addition to regular board meet- ings. At one of these, all directors gather at an off- site “camp” for one night and two days to discuss agenda items thoroughly. Regular BOD meet- ings sometimes see lively discussions that last for more than five hours, but the off-site “camp” format facilitates discussion from more diverse perspectives and encourages broad exchanges of opinion on the social and topical needs underly- ing our agenda items. Prior to the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic, camp locations included our subsidiaries in Germany and the United States, where in addition to conference room discussions, directors could also visit sites, adding value to the sessions. In FY2020, we had to refrain from inter- national travel, so we held our camp at a location near the Kanto region of Japan. All directors par- ticipated in each day of the camp, despite their busy schedules, in a further proof of the great val- ue of this off-site board of directors meeting.
From FY2020 to June 2021, four off-site board meetings were held, addressing the following agenda items:
Executive compensation Succession plans
Organizational structure Compliance systems
Next mid-term management plan Capital policy
Evaluation of the effectiveness of the board of directors
Further enhancement of SDGs / ESG ini- tiatives
In terms of the demographics of Advantest’s Board of Directors, the board includes 5 outside directors, 1 female director (an outside director), and 1 inside director of non-Japanese nationality, ensuring “by-the-numbers” diversity from many
angles. see pages 77-78 However, more import- ant is whether this diversity contributes solidly to the effectiveness of the board of directors, and in that respect we believe that the opportunity for free and open discussion at the “off-site board meetings” has the effect of improving the quality and quantity of perspectives offered for consid- eration, and improving the validity and persua- siveness of management decisions on individual agenda items.
One outside director made the following com- ment at an off-site board meeting: “If you don’t write it down, it’s the same as if you hadn’t done it. If you don’t explicitly make a commitment or send a message because you see something as ‘ob- vious,’ you should understand that it may not be obvious to outsiders at all. We have to work hard to disclose information. It’s too bad that although Advantest has increased its diversity in many ways, we haven’t been able to explain exactly what our reasons are for doing so. “ This was a curtain-closing statement on the Board of Direc- tors’ discussions of the basic policies and indica- tors needful for the “further enhancement of ESG initiatives,” as set forth in our second mid-term management plan announced in May of this year. Another director added, “We are a global company. More than half of our employees work at locations outside Japan. There are always issues and risks that cannot be seen from here, so we must make efforts to hear voices from overseas lest we make mistakes in goal setting and strategies.” Depend- ing on the agenda under discussion, executives in charge of the relevant items may attend an off- site board of directors meeting to explain the de- tails. These sometimes sincere yet blunt opinions have always been fruitful inputs for executives to tackle issues from a global perspective.
   Information CONTENTS
81 11 Year Financial Highlights
83 Sustainability Accounting Standard Board
85 Commentary: The Semiconductor Supply Chain and Semiconductor Test
87 Global Network
89 Corporate Overview / Stock Information
90 External Evaluatio
(SASB) Disclosures
 79 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 80

 11 Year Financial Highlights
Advantest corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries Each fiscal year beginning on April 1
Fiscal year
Gross profit
Operating income
Income (loss) before income taxes
Cash flows from investing activities
Free cash flows*3
Fiscal year-end
Total assets
Information per share
Diluted earnings (loss) per share Dividend per Share
Management indicator
Net sales per employee Operating Income Margin SG&A ratio to sales
R&D as a % of total net sales Depreciation and Amortization Cash conversion cycle
FY2010 FY2011 (2011/3) (2012/3)
48,470 68,748 6,111 837 5,551 (3,442)
(5,828) (37,670) (6,521) (25,368)
180,312 219,226
18.03 (12.67) 10.0 15.0
31.5 31.6 6.1 0.6 42.5 48.1 21.3 21.5 42 68 131 126
US GAAP
FY2012 FY2013 (2013/3) (2014/3)
68,920 49,333 80 (36,369) (1,293) (35,501)
(11,498) (4,711) (13,713) (8,487)
225,515 229,856
(22.03) (204.10) 20.0 15.0
29.0 24.2 0.1 (32.5)
51.8 76.6 24.9 29.2 81 83 172 192
(2.8) (27.6) 83 100
2012 2013
292 306 450 420
FY2014 (2015/3)
91,755 16,858 20,767
(1,310) 23,171
233,237
87.67 15.0
35.9 10.3 45.7 18.0
47 143 18.5 108
2014
FY2015 (2016/3)
91,475 12,597 11,767
(2,395) 5,333
210,451
35.38 20.0
36.1 7.8 48.6 19.3 50 163 6.9 121
2015
FY2016 (2017/3)
89,740 13,905 15,022
(3,521) 12,312
231,603
73.95 25.0
35.3 8.9 48.7 20.0 52 186 14.0 108
2016
FY2017 (2018/3)
106,588 24,487 24,282
(2,329) 25,925
254,559
92.69 32.0
46.5 11.8 39.6 16.2
50 137 15.5 111
2017
FY2018 FY2019 (2019/3) (2020/3)
154,039 156,497 64,662 58,708 66,211 58,574
(15,915) (38,819) 28,877 27,656
304,580 355,777
287.37 268.96 92.0 82.0
61.0 54.7 22.9 21.3 31.6 35.4 13.4 14.5
50 109 132 162 35.3 24.9
Overview
Strategy Sustainability
Information
IFRS
 FY2020 (2021/3)
    Financial Results
 (Unit) Million yen Million yen Million yen
Million yen Million yen
Million yen (Unit)
¥ ¥
(Unit) Million yen %
%
% ¥100 million Day
168,291 70,726 69,618
(16,831) 50,999
422,641
351.82 118.0
59.5 22.6 31.2 13.6 118 134 27.3 106
440 1,200
Net sales
Million yen
99,634
141,048
132,903
111,878
163,803
162,111
155,916
207,223
282,456
275,894
312,789
Selling, general and administrative expenses*1
Million yen
42,359
67,911
68,840
85,702
74,897
78,878
75,835
82,101
89,377
97,789
97,565
EBITDA*2
Million yen
10,320
7,675
8,143
(28,101)
21,588
17,562
19,063
29,511
69,629
69,600
82,482
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Million yen
3,163
(2,195)
(3,821)
(35,540)
16,753
6,694
14,201
18,103
56,993
53,532
69,787
Cash flows from operating activities
Million yen
(693)
12,302
(2,215)
(3,776)
24,481
7,728
15,833
28,254
44,792
66,475
67,830
Cash flows from financing activities
Million yen
(12,028)
9,887
(2,914)
27,202
(1,298)
(13,531)
(1,002)
(15,237)
(13,724)
(17,916)
(30,415)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
 Million yen
75,323
 58,218
 45,668
 68,997
  97,574
 85,430
 95,324
 103,973
 119,943
 127,703
 149,164
 Shareholders’ equity
Million yen
138,132
131,552
141,241
116,252
101,810
93,619
109,517
124,610
198,731
231,452
280,369
   Basic earnings (loss) per share
¥
18.03
(12.67)
(22.03)
(204.10)
96.15
38.35
81.07
101.94
302.35
270.12
353.87
Shareholders’ equity per share
¥
797.20
759.22
812.70
667.36
583.28
536.28
619.33
696.04
1,004.53
1,166.51
1,427.29
Number of shares issued at year-end
 199,566,770
 199,566,770
 199,566,770
 199,566,770
  199,566,770
 199,566,770
 199,566,770
 199,566,770
 199,566,770
 199,566,770
 199,566,770
    Overseas net sales as a % of total net sales
%
77.5
88.6
89.4
89.1
92.0
92.0
88.2
93.2
94.7
94.6
95.5
Gross profit margin
%
48.6
48.7
51.9
44.1
56.0
56.4
57.6
51.4
54.5
56.7
53.8
Net income ratio
%
3.2
(1.6)
(2.9)
(31.8)
10.2
4.1
9.1
8.7
20.2
19.4
22.3
R&D Expenses
Million yen
21,197
30,303
33,062
32,670
29,507
31,298
31,170
33,540
37,852
40,070
42,678
Capital Expenditures
¥100 million
38
70
126
56
42
40
48
54
66
99
137
EBITDA margin
%
10.4
5.4
6.1
(25.1)
13.2
10.8
12.2
14.2
24.7
25.2
26.4
Shareholders’ equity ratio
%
76.6
60.0
62.6
50.6
43.7
44.5
47.3
49.0
65.2
65.1
66.3
ROE % 2.2 (1.6)
Dividend payout ratio
%
55.5
—
—
—
15.6
52.2
30.8
31.4
30.4
30.4
33.3
Yen exchange rate
Wourldwide semiconductor sales (Source: WSTS) Memory tester market size (Source: Advantest)
US Dollar 85 79 2010 2011
(Unit)
Billion US dollar 298 300 Million US dollar 600 550
336 420
335 470
339 470
412 750
110
2018 2019
469 1,150
109
412 650
 Euro
113
 111
 105
 133
  140
 133
 119
 129
 129
 121
 123
 Performance-related data
2020
Global real GDP grouwth (Source: IMF)
%
5.4
4.3
3.5
3.4
3.5
3.4
3.3
3.8
3.6
2.8
(3.1)
SoC tester market size (Source: Advantest)
Million US dollar
2,200
2,000
2,050
1,450
1,950
1,650
2,000
2,200
2,550
2,700
3,000
   81
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 82
*1 Selling, general and administrative expenses from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 are composed of selling, general and administrative expenses, other income/expenses. Figures until the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 consist of research and development expenses, selling, general and administrative expenses, restructuring and impairment charges.
*2 EBITDA= Operating income + Depreciation and amortization, EBITDA margin = EBITDA/Sales *3 Free cash flows= Cash flows from operating activities - Cash flows from investing activities

 Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (SASB) Disclosures
Advantest corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries Each fiscal year beginning on April 1
The Advantest Group reports sustainability related information based on the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards to amplify and focus our practice of rigorous disclosure. SASB standards are to help businesses around the world identify, manage and report on the sustainability topics that matter most to our investors. And it can help investors by encouraging report that is comparable within an industry. Some accounting metrics set by the SASB include items that do not apply to Advantest’s business activities.
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
   TOPIC
ACCOUNTING METRIC
(1) Gross global Scope 1 emissions
Short-term and long term Scope 1 emissions: strategies, gols, progress (2) Percentage grid electricity
(1) Total water withdrenergy consumed
Percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline water stress (2) Percentage recycle
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with employee health and safety violations
(1) Foreign nationals
Percentage of products by revenue that contain IEC 62474 declarable substances
Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials
TC-SC-110a.1 TC-SC-110a.2 TC-SC-130a.1 TC-SC-140a.1
TC-SC-140a.1 TC-SC-150a.1
TC-SC-320a.2 TC-SC-330a.1 TC-SC-410a.1
TC-SC-440a.1
TC-SC-000.A
Quantitative Metric tons(t) CO2-e
FY2015 (2016/3)
3,894
FY2016 FY2017 (2017/3) (2018/3)
3,838 3,825
FY2018 (2019/3)
4,685
FY2019 (2020/3)
4,485
3,811
SASB Code
CATEGORY
UNIT OF MEASURE
 (2) Amount of total emissions from perfluorinated compunds
TC-SC-110a.1
Quantitative
Metric tons(t) CO2-e
1,085
940
339
156
177
314
Green Gas Emmissions
Energy Management in Manufacturing
Water management
Waste Management
Employee Health & Safety
Recruiting & Managing a Global & Skilled Workforce
Product Lifecycle Management
Materials Sourcing
Intellectual Property Protection & Competitive Behavior
Total production
Percentage of production from owned facilities
Discussion and Analysis
Quantitative Quantitative
Quantitative Quantitative
Quantitative Quantitative Quantitative
Discussion and Analysis
Quantitative
−
%
Thousand cubic meters (m3)
% %
¥ % %
−
Output
The Advantest Group is engaged in the strategies, goals, and progress regarding Scope 1 emissions. (For details please refer to: https://www.advantest.com/sustainability/environment/eactionplan.html)
  (1) Total energy consumed
 TC-SC-130a.1
Quantitative
 Gigajoules (GJ)
  685,503
 735,810
 770,186
 843,788
 887,610
 918,988
76 78 79 79 66 65 280 288 249 281 261 249
000000 100.0 74.1 100.0 100.0 99.9 100.0
0 957,552 0 0 0 0
888898 82 81 85 89 85 79
(3) Percentage renewwable
 TC-SC-130a.1
 Quantitative
%
  14
 12
 12
 11
 26
 44
  (2) Total water consumed
TC-SC-140a.1
Quantitative
Thousand cubic meters (m3)
150
172
127
119
112
107
  (1) Amount of hazardous waste from manufacturing
 TC-SC-150a.1
Quantitative
 Metric tons (t)
  7.1
 7.7
 6.4
 10.1
 11.9
 28.5
  Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of employees to human health hazards
 TC-SC-320a.1
Discussion and Analysis
 −
  The Advantest Group conducts risk management for the health and safety of our employees. (For details please refer to: https://www.advantest.com/sustainability/society/safety.html)
  Percentage of employees that are
         (2) Located offshore
 TC-SC-330a.1
 Quantitative
%
  0
 0
 0
 0
 0
 0
  Processor energy efficiency at a system-level for: (1) servers, (2) desktops, and (3) laptops
 TC-SC-410a.2
 Quantitative
Various, by product category
  n /a
  The Advantest Group conducts risk management for the use of critical materials..
(For details please refer to: https://www.advantest.com/sustainability/society/schain-management.html)
  Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anticompetitive behavior regulations
  TC-SC-520a.1
 Quantitative
 ¥
    0
  0
  0
  0
  0
  0
  968
1,116
1,891
2,270
2,065
2,336
    TC-SC-000.B
 Quantitative
 %
    50
  39
  45
  53
  39
  43
  83
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 84
FY2020 (2021/3)
 
 Explainer: The Semiconductor Supply Chain & Semiconductor Test
  Overview Strategy Sustainability Information
        AI assistants
TV
UAV/Drones
Base stations
Automobiles
Airplanes
Data center
Artficial satellites
Industrial robots
   Design/ Evaluation
Fabless
Wafer pro- cess
IDM
Assembly/ Test
Home appliances
Game consoles
Security cameras
    Smart homes
Semiconductor production equipment (SPE) manufacturers
Semiconductor production involves hundreds of processes, beginning with pattern exposure and etching. The funda- mental technologies required for each process are diverse, including applied chemistry, material engineering, and elec- tronic engineering, and it is unrealistic for a single semi- conductor manufacturer to handle all of them. Thus, each process relies on the specialized technology and expertise of semiconductor production equipment (SPE) manufac- turers. SPE manufacturers vary in their business domains and specialties, but they can be seen as a group that acts cooperatively to enable the semiconductor manufacturing process.
Semiconductor manufacturers continuously develop even better devices to launch to the market. SPE com- panies involved in advanced semiconductor processes collaborate with semiconductor manufacturers to study technology roadmaps for the next few generations, refine their strengths, and develop next-generation manufacturing equipment. Moreover, as the semiconductor supply chain is globally distributed, major SPE companies also operate on a global scale.
Smart factories
     Smartphones
Personal computers
     An industry horizontally fragmented across the globe
Semiconductors used in all kinds of products, such as mo- bile phones, computers, home appliances, automobiles, and industrial equipment, have become indispensable to our lives. The global semiconductor market is expected to be worth over $500 billion in 2021.
In the past, semiconductor design, manufacturing, and even semiconductor production equipment manufacturing were all carried out in-house by vertically integrated semiconductor manufacturers. However, as circuits shrank and manufac- turing technology became more complex, the financial bur- den of semiconductor development and capital investment increased, and the supply chain was gradually disintegrated across a horizontal global network of specialized providers. Today’s semiconductor industry is made up of companies specializing in design, front-end processing (wafer production process), back-end processing (packaging process), and de- sign tools and manufacturing equipment.
The Need for Semiconductor Test
In the semiconductor business, “Time to Market” (delivery of new products as soon as possible, ahead of competi- tors) and “Time to Volume” (timely supply of products in response to rising demand) are crucial to market share and competitiveness. However, when companies are pushing the limits of nanometer-scale technology, it is not easy to ramp up volume production of new products. In addition to poor circuit connections and short circuits, operating voltage and timing flaws may prevent semiconductors from performing their functions. Especially with semiconductors made using state of-the-art processes, product quality can vary significantly until the manufacturing process matures.
The test process has the role of checking whether semi- conductors operates as designed, and judging whether in- dividual chips are defective, but in addition to this, in the early stages of design evaluation and process development, test providers contribute to Time to Market by analyzing test results and promptly feeding them back to design and other processes. Furthermore, as processes mature, we support Time to Volume and quality improvements by optimizing test sequences. Additionally, we support product devel- opment as customers expand their business. By meeting these needs with high-productivity, scalable test systems, we deliver unique value to the semiconductor supply chain.
Semiconductor Test Systems
Semiconductor test includes various test items such as checking for poor connections and short circuits, checking input / output voltage / current values, verifying logic circuit operations, and switch timing. Semiconductor test systems offer the electronic measurement functions required to test these items. Test systems are further integrated with test handlers (which transport devices) and device inter- face products (which connect devices with test systems) to create test solutions with high measurement accuracy and throughput. As a leading provider of test solutions, Advant- est supports the high-volume, timely, economical delivery of semiconductors manufactured with advanced technolo- gy, contributing to the growth of the semiconductor supply chain and the future of our world.
Transfer machine (Prober, Handler)
Device interface
Test system mainframe
Test system test head
6 Transfer machine sorts devices
PASS IC IC
      *Integrated Device Manufacturer
Foundry
Samsung, Intel, etc.
Qualcomm, NVIDIA, etc. TSMC, UMC, etc.
  *Outsourced Semiconductor Assembly and Test
OSAT ASE, Akor, etc.
Workflow from test program design through to production test
     1 Write a test program (Reference) from the IC design data.
2 Test handler places devices on device interface
IC IC IC
3 Transfer machine applies appropriate temperature to the devices
IC IC IC
4
Test head sends electrical signals to devices
Input
IC IC IC
5 Tester compares output signals from the devices to reference values and grades them as pass or fail.
Input
IC IC IC
according to test results
      85
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 86
Reference
Output
Reference
FAIL
IC
   
 87
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 88
Global Network
As of March 31, 2021
Head office
Regional headquarters
Major R&D facilities
Major factories
Sales & Service locations
Boeblingen (Germany) Munich (Germany)
Amerang (Germany)
Cheonan (South Korea)
Gunma R&D Center Gunma Factory
Head office (Tokyo)
Japan
Employees
Number of subsidiaries
Europe (Germany, Italy, France, Israel) Employees 873
Hsinchu (Taiwan)
2,703 7
Number of subsidiaries 4
Employees Total Number of subsidiaries Total
Shanghai (China)
Penang (Malaysia)
Saitama R&D Center
Asia
Employees 1,234
Major Subsidiaries
(Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines,Thailand, Vietnam, South Korea,Taiwan, China, India)
Number of subsidiaries 13 5,756
29
Name Location
Principal business
Providing welfare services
Research and development of measuring and testing technologies Leasing of the Company’s products and sales of used products Development, sales and support of the Company’s products Development and manufacturing of the parts
Development and sales of the Company’s products Development and sales of the Company’s products Sales of the Company’s products
Support for sales of the Company’s products
Sales of the Company’s products
Support for sales of the Company’s products Manufacturing of the Company’s products
Singapore (Singapore)
Japan
Overseas
Advanfacilities Co., Ltd.
Advantest Laboratories Ltd. Advantest Finance Inc.
Advantest Kyushu Systems Co., Ltd. Advantest Component, Inc.
Advantest America, Inc. Advantest Europe GmbH Advantest (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Advantest Korea Co., Ltd. Advantest Taiwan Inc. Advantest (China) Co., Ltd. Advantest (M) Sdn. Bhd.
Saitama, Japan Miyagi, Japan Tokyo, Japan Fukuoka, Japan Miyagi, Japan
California, U.S.A. Munich, Germany Singapore Cheonan, Korea Hsinchu, Taiwan Shanghai, China Penang, Malaysia
Overview
Strategy Sustainability Information
North America (U.S.A., Canada, Costa Rica)
Employees
Number of subsidiaries
San Jose (U.S.A.)
946 5

 Corporate Overview / Stock Information
As of March 31, 2021
Corporate Overview
Stock Price and Trading Volume Rate
Share Price of Advantest (Yen)
Registered Name Head Office
URL
Established Capital
No. of Employees Business Description
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Shin Marunouchi Center Bldg., 1-6-2, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0005
https://www.advantest.com/
December 1954
32,363 million yen
5,756 (lnclude temporary employees.)
Semiconductor and Component Test System Business, Mechatronics System Business, Services, Support and Others
Overview
Strategy
Sustainability
Information
    Stock Information
Fiscal Year
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
No. of Issuable Shares
April 1 through March 31 June
No. of Shares Outstanding Number of Shareholders
199,566,770 34,003
Volume (Million Stocks)
   Major Shareholders
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account) Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (investment trust account) NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) SUB A/C NON TREATY Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account 4)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account 7)
STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234 JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385781
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account 5)
SSBTC CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT
Breakdown of Shareholders
440,000,000
   Name
Number of Shares (in thousand)
Percentage of Ownership (%) (%) 100
0
■ Financial Institutions and Securities Companies ■ Non-Japanese Holders ■ Individuals and Others ■ Others Entities and Treasury Shares  
         53,804 27.29 20,771 10.53 5,820 2.95 4,015 2.03 3,907 1.98 3,544 1.79 3,193 1.61 2,459 1.24 2,280 1.15 2,262 1.14
1.02 23.64
21.34 25 54.00
1.03 21.36
30.81 46.80
2017
1.25 1.15 1.96 10.77 8.60 6.71
31.54 34.46 36.49
56.44 55.79 54.83
2018 2019 2020
  75 50
                (Notes)
1. The number of treasury shares (2,437 thousand shares) that Advantest owns does not in-
Advantest, a Preferred Sustainability Investment External Evaluation (2020-2021)
Selected for the FTSE4Good Index Series, a series of benchmark and tradable indexes for ESG (Environmental, Social and Gover- nance) investors
Selected for the FTSE Blossom Japan Index, which measures the performance of Japanese companies that demonstrate strong Envi- ronmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices
Selected as a constituent stock of the SNAM Sustainability Index, which combines ESG value and stock valuation
Selected for the MSCI Japan Equity Women’s Empowerment Index (WIN) and MSCI Japan Equity Women’s Empowerment Index (WIN) Select
Ranked first in VLSIresearch’s annual customer satisfaction survey for 2 consecutive years, after ranking in the “10 BEST” for 33 con- secutive years
Selected as 2020 Winner Company in Corporate Governance of the Year Awards sponsored by Japan Association of Corporate Directors (JACD)
Contact
Corporate Communications Division
TEL +81-3-3214-7500 FAX +81-3-3214-7711 https://www.advantest.com/contact
clude Advantest shares which the Board Incentive Plan Trust owns (146 thousand shares) and Advantest shares which the Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust owns (548 thousand shares).
2. Number of Shares is rounded down to the nearest thousand.
3. Percentage of Ownership is calculated excluding treasury shares.
2016
      Please see our website for more detailed information about Advantest.
Integrated Annual Report
Society● For Our Investors
Sustainability Databook
      Environment
Governance
・Risk Management ・Compliance
     ・Climate Change Mitigation
・Development of Human Resources & Fair Evalu- ation and Promotion
・Green Products ・Environment Data
・Protection and Respect for Human Rights
 89
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2021 90