Diversity
Active participation by each employee is crucial for a com- pany’s sustainable growth. Thus, Advantest has set Inclu- sion and Diversity as one of its core values. We believe that creating a comfortable and inclusive workplace environment and instilling working practices that maximize employee
capabilities while encouraging positive work-life balance is imperative. Under this philosophy, Advantest actively works to create a workplace and corporate culture that helps each employee to maximize their capabilities and individuality, and promotes engagement and enthusiasm.
Work-Life Balance Programs for Childcare and Caregiving
At Advantest in Japan, pregnant employees can receive 100% compensation during prenatal checkups and preg- nancy complications leave, and are offered the choice to work shorter hours if a doctor recommends it. Advantest offers childcare leave and caregiving leave that exceeds le- gal standards. Childcare leave can be taken until the child reaches the age of two years and three months, and care- giving leave can be taken for a maximum of three years. Other leave programs are also widely used, such as the accumulated holiday program, which can be taken for a va- riety of reasons, by fathers as well as mothers, including childbirth, childcare, fertility treatment, and other caregiving responsibilities. Furthermore, Advantest offers shorter work hours for employees who are raising children or looking af- ter ill relations. Shorter working hours for childcare can be used until the child reaches the sixth grade, and this option is currently being used by many parents to balance work and childcare. There is no restriction on the period in which employees can work short hours for caregiving, so that em- ployees can best balance their jobs with their home lives.
As there are certain cases in which employees resign their jobs for personal reasons, such as marriage, childbirth,
childcare, family caregiving, and spousal job relocation, Ad- vantest has established a re-employment program for em- ployees who meet certain criteria.
It should be noted that re-employment following child- care leave, as a result of these efforts, was 100% in fiscal 2020. We are also working on support for childcare partici- pation for fathers, which includes the provision of personal consultations for male employees with children and their supervisors, guidance for childcare-related systems, and support for using childcare leave.
In addition, as a measure to prevent the global spread of COVID-19, we introduced the remote working system ahead of schedule. By December 2020, we made it a per- manent system and withdrew the restrictions on the max- imum number of days that remote work is possible. The expansion of new workstyles has also helped employees who are raising children to balance work and child-rearing.
However, since the ratio of male employees taking child- care leave in fiscal 2020 remained at 5.1%, we continue to provide individual guidance to male employees who are raising children with the aim of encouraging more of them to take childcare leave.
  Advantest has set a goal of exceeding the average female participation in our industry in fiscal 2018 in the General Business Operator Action Plan according to the “Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace,” and has been promoting various activities to achieve the goal. In November 2020, Advantest was granted the “Eruboshi” Grade 2 certification (2 stars) based on the “Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.”
Advantest was also granted the “Kurumin” certification based on the “Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next Generation Children” in February 2021, which recognized initiatives during the action plan period from April 2018 to March 2020 (measures and efforts to improve the ratio of male em- ployees taking childcare leave and creating an environment for supporting work-life balance, reduction of overtime labor, promotion of acquisition of annual paid leave).