Customer Satisfaction
In order to meet market requirements, we believe that it is essential to build good relationships with our custom- ers and continue to be a strong business partner. This is the fruit of the relationships of mutual trust formed through
regular communication with customers, technological strength, exceptional products, and expert support system. Every year, Advantest participates in a customer satisfac- tion survey conducted by VLSI Research, the world’s leading semiconductor market-research firm, in order to objectively grasp how our customers perceive our efforts. The survey has been conducted since 1988 and is known as the only survey in the industry to receive direct customer feedback.
In the 2021 survey results, Advantest was ranked first in both THE BEST suppliers of test equipment and on the 10 BEST list of large suppliers of chip making equipment for the second consecutive year. Advantest also achieved customer ratings of 9.5/10 and above in the categories including Recommended Supplier, Trust in Supplier, Tech- nical Leadership, Partnership, and Field Engineering Sup- port. Advantest has always been ranked high in THE BEST Suppliers category, but in 2021 Advantest was the only au- tomatic test equipment supplier to receive a 5 VLSI Star designation.
While face-to-face meetings have been severely restrict- ed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are striving to main- tain and improve customer satisfaction by communicating with our customers through alternative means of communi- cation such as online business negotiations.
In addition to daily communication, we hold the VOICE-Ad- vantest Developer Conference annually, as well as various technical seminars befitting our mission to “enable lead- ing-edge technologies,” sharing semiconductor-related technology trends, our latest technology, test solutions, and product information with our partner companies.
VOICE is an event to strengthen the network of our prod- uct users and our partner companies. Its steering commit- tee is composed of volunteer members from Advantest and our customers and partner companies, encouraged by con- tinuous support not only from our customers but also from industry groups. It has become a well-established event that is widely appreciated by our customers.
