Employee Engagement
We conducted our first Global Employee Engagement Survey in the fall of 2018. Unfortunately, the result was below the level of comparable companies. In particular, our manage- ment was shocked by the remarkably low score in Japan, and reaffirmed the need for corrective action. (Survey by Gallup, Inc.: Advantest was 3.48, compared to the overall average of 4.03 at that time.) We also confirmed that the Group tends to have low awareness and opportunities regarding the cate- gory of Recognition (the need to know that efforts are recog- nized and valued) and Development.
With this situation in mind, these results were communi- cated to each division of the Advantest Group, asking them to consider the factors that lead to each result by sharing and listening more deeply to our employees’ opinions. As a result, various opinions were expressed and collected ranging from requests to improve the work environment itself, to how to progress with work, and the future of the company and per- sonal ambitions. Based on these opinions, offices and em- ployee cafeterias were renovated at each business location while some departments introduced tools to measure em- ployee engagement in a concise and frequent manner.
In addition, regarding improvement at the company-wide level, we introduced our INTEGRITY Core Values, and launched an initiative to enhance and strengthen these new philosophies with a focus on workshop-type trainings. These initiatives also generated opportunities for mutual under- standing and learning among our employees. Not only did the INTEGRITY workshops instill workshop-type internal communication, but also provided a place to expand the op- portunities for active exchange of opinions and idea creation.
We have scheduled a survey by Gallup, Inc. to be conduct- ed again in the fall of 2021. While objective assessment is critical by all means, continued efforts to improve employee engagement is of paramount importance. We will continue working on improvement without being swayed by short- term numerical fluctuations as recorded by the survey.