Occupational Health and Safety
Advantest Group recognizes that Health and Safety (H&S) is one of the important aspects of our business operation. The Advantest Group Health and Safety Policy is set forth to ensure every Advantest employee’s Health and Safety.
Advantest Group Health and Safety Policy: https://www.advantest.com/sustainability/society/safety.html
Every year we convene a “Health and Safety Committee Meeting” which decides the health and safety direction and policy for the whole group. Our approach to health and safety is based on the main activity themes decided on at this meeting, based on which the health and safety com- mittees at each location set their annual targets and plans.
We also regularly hold health and safety committee sec- retariat meetings throughout the company, and strengthen
each location’s health and safety activities through this sharing of information about relevant activities.
Members of the company-wide Health and Safety Com- mittee are the heads of the Health and Safety Committees at each business location. Furthermore, the members of the Health and Safety Committees at each business location include both company and union representatives.Implementation of Workplace Vaccination
At Advantest, in order to reduce the burden on the community regarding COVID-19 vaccination and speed up the vaccination process, we carried out occupational vaccination at the Gunma R&D Center.
The second inoculation was completed in early August for about 2,000 people, mainly employees work- ing at business locations in the Gunma area.
Support for Healthcare Workers at the Forefront of COVID-19
Advantest donated a total of 90 million yen to six of the medical associations and nursing associations of the local governments where our overseas locations are based, with the aim of supporting the healthcare workers and medical professionals at the forefront of the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic.
Promotion of Health and Productivity Management
Up to this point, Advantest has had various initiatives for health and productivity. To further promote various initiatives for health and productivity, Advantest formulated a Declaration of HPM Policy in September 2019 and decided to incorporate Health and Productivity Management.
Ever since the Declaration of HPM Policy was established, the health insurance society and labor union have come together to promote health check-ups, boost the implementation rate of
specified health guidance, and introduce a health portal site, along with various other activities that directly affect employ- ee health such as online dieting/smoking cessation programs and yoga/health/exercise seminars. As a result, although we were not certified in fiscal 2018, Advantest has been certified as a Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization in the large enterprise category in fiscal 2019, and was selected for the “White 500”, which corresponds to the top 500 companies with excellent health
management, in fiscal 2020, under the program promoted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and hosted by the Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
 Declaration of HPM Policy
In order to realize Advantest’s mission, we will strive to cre- ate a workplace where every employee can work in optimal physical and mental health, and to contribute to humanity’s sustainable future as a corporate citizen.
 