  for Rare Disease Day (RDD), fundraising activities, distributing reports on participation by employees in events organized by patient groups and organizations that support patients with rare diseases, and holding in-house lectures. In FY2020, the COVID-19 pandemic compelled us to conduct activities centered on participation in events held online, such as webinars organized by patient groups, and distribution of reports on those events. In December, we held the RDD Internship online. For this event, we welcomed the participation of students from Kobe Kaisei Girls’ School. JCR will continue to carry out not only research and development focused on pharmaceuticals for rare diseases, but also activities that lead to broad-based support for patients on a global basis.
■ MPS Awareness Day
In FY2021, the RARE DISEASE Project was kicked off with its first global awareness-raising activity. In collaboration with JCR USA, Inc. and JCR DO BRASIL, we exchanged ideas for initiatives that could be implemented under the circumstances of the COVID-19 pandemic in each country, and jointly conducted some awareness-raising activities that incorporated the color purple, the theme color of MPS awareness, for MPS Awareness Day on May 15, organized by the MPS Society, a support group for MPS patients in the U.S., with details as follows:
•Screenshots including the theme color purple and the message of MPS awareness were solicited Company-wide, and posters were created based on the collected images and displayed internally. In addition, we donated funds to the MPS Society in proportion to the number of screenshots collected.
42 JCR Report 2021
Rare Diseases
Related SDGs
●We produced handmade purple ribbon badges, which were worn by all Company staff in each country.
●Video letters from leaders of patient groups, researchers and others in each country were shared in-house.
MPS Awareness Day Poster (for in-house awareness-raising)
■ Rare Disease Day
From FY2015, JCR has been a supporter of RDD. There are patients suffering from rare and intractable diseases around the world, but the total number of these patients is small, and the disease mechanisms are complicated. Therefore, almost no progress has been made in research and development of therapeutics and methods of diagnoses for some diseases. RDD activities began in Sweden in 2008 with the aim of improving the quality of life of patients with rare and intractable diseases through better diagnoses and treatments. It is hoped that these activities will create a bridge between patients and society, and help to increase awareness of rare and intractable diseases.
 ■ In-House RDD Awareness-Raising Activities
To commemorate RDD, JCR encourages employees to wear official RDD badges and raises funds in-house in February every year.
Moreover, Japanese professional golfer Masahiro Kawamura and Japanese professional tennis player Masamichi Imamura have been lending their support to awareness-raising activities
Masahiro Kawamura
I’ve been participating in awareness-raising activities as an RDD Japan Ambassador since December 2019.
As a professional golfer mainly active in the European Tour, I compete in tournaments worldwide in locations including Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Overseas, I’ve found that professional athletes are highly eager to contribute to society.
Since the summer of 2019, I’ve put the RDD logo on my caddy bag. I’ve also handed out postcards and pin badges at tournament venues to raise awareness of RDD. Following my signing of the sponsor agreement with JCR, I’ve learned about rare and intractable diseases through the RARE DISEASE Project. And now, I feel proud to have played a pivotal role in these awareness-raising activities as I carry out my activities as a professional golfer.
Looking ahead, I’d like to work hard and expand my activities further afield, so that I can spread the word about RDD to even more people around the world.
Masamichi Imamura
I’m honored to have been chosen as an RDD Japan Ambassador since FY2021. Speaking frankly, I’ve so far had very few opportunities to learn about rare and
intractable diseases, and I previously didn’t have a detailed understanding of these diseases. With my appointment as an RDD Japan Ambassador, I have started to learn about rare and intractable diseases. This appointment has given me the opportunity to study the matter more closely. I think it is important for me to become an influential player in order to let a wide range of people know about the activities of RDD. Therefore, I will work in earnest to deliver strong results at tournaments.
Professional tennis players often travel to different countries to compete in tournaments. For this reason, it is an occupation where we meet many people of different nationalities and racial backgrounds. Making the most of these characteristics, I would like to focus on what I can do now to the best of my ability, such as handing out postcards and other materials related to awareness-raising activities, playing in matches with the RDD logo mark on my tennis match wear and providing information on social media. I will work hard so that people like me, who might be initially unfamiliar with rare and intractable diseases, can develop an interest in these diseases.
worldwide by serving as RDD Japan Ambassadors. JCR signed a sponsor agreement with Mr. Kawamura in October 2019 and newly signed a sponsor agreement with Mr. Imamura in April 2021.
MessageProfessional Golfer and RDD Japan Ambassador
 MessageProfessional Tennis Player and RDD Japan Ambassador
 JCR Report 2021 43