Sustainability
  Contributing to Unmet Medical Needs
 S
■Support for the International Medical Research Foundation
JCR supports the activities of the International Medical Research Foundation, which aims to foster young medical researchers who can succeed internationally through programs such as study abroad grants. The International Medical Research Foundation was established in April 2019. In its first year, the foundation commenced its study abroad grant program for young medical researchers. Since then, it has provided grants to five researchers every year for a period of up to two years. Since its second year, the foundation has also provided grants to international symposiums on medical research that are held in Japan.
In the past few years, the declining international competitiveness of Japan’s scientific research has become a serious problem. For this reason, efforts to support study abroad opportunities involving research at leading overseas institutions and efforts to support international symposiums that invite internationally recognized foreign researchers at the forefront of their research fields to Japan carry tremendous significance. Accordingly, JCR endorses the activities of the International Medical Research Foundation.
■ Support for the Swiss Nonprofit Foundation “Global Foundation for Life Sciences”
As part of its efforts to contribute to global health, JCR supports the “Global Foundation for Life Sciences,” a nonprofit foundation established in Switzerland in 1999. This foundation supports the advancement of life sciences, provides humanitarian assistance to various medically underprivileged countries and also provides support for the development of young researchers.
One example of the humanitarian assistance provided by the foundation is its support for the activities of a group of volunteer Swiss doctors formed to treat women suffering from obstetric fistula in West Africa. Obstetric fistula is a condition where a hole is formed in the birth canal or surrounding tissues due to inadequate medical care in cases where under-aged women become pregnant and give birth, among other situations, causing chronic fecal and urinary incontinence. The number of fistula patients is approximately 2 million worldwide with about 100,000 women newly diagnosed with the condition every year. The nature of the symptoms means that women with obstetric fistula face difficulties in their daily lives, in addition to some reported cases of harm from social discrimination and exclusion. The group of volunteer doctors regularly visits a hospital in Benin, a country in West Africa, and undertakes activities to eradicate obstetric fistula, performs surgeries on patients and provides technical instruction to local doctors. JCR contributes to people’s health and the advancement of medical care through its support for the foundation.
Related SDGs
Society
  44 JCR Report 2021
©Nicolas Cleuet
 ■ Support for the “Award for Promotion of Maternal Child Health”
JCR supports the “Award for Promotion of Maternal Child Health” (sponsored by the Mothers’ and Children’s Health and Welfare Association), as part of its efforts to provide support for pediatric diseases and public health.
The Award for Promotion of Maternal Child Health was created to commemorate the International Year of the Child in 1979. The award seeks to encourage the good work of individuals who have made great contributions to society and the field of community-based maternal and child health, in areas such as research on motherhood and children’s health, raising widespread awareness of public health principles, providing practical education and instruction, and upgrading and expanding the development of public health facilities. By recognizing these accomplishments, the award program seeks to further promote the development of maternal and child health. Every year, 15 award recipients are selected from among candidates working in the field of maternal and child health. The recipients include public health nurses, midwives, nurses, doctors, dentists, nutritionists, dental hygienists, nursery school teachers, and maternal and child health support workers, who are chosen for the award based on recommendations from the head of prefectures, ordinance-designated cities, core cities and special wards.
■ Momiji House, a Short-Stay Medical Care Facility
JCR supports Momiji House, which was established as Japan’s first hospice for children. The facility was built on the grounds of the National Center for Child Health and Development (Setagaya-ku, Tokyo) in April 2016. Momiji House provides 24-hour-a-day medical care for children who require constant medical care at home. Those with serious illness and disabilities and their families can stay for several days at Momiji House, feeling secure and comfortable as if they were at home. Aiming to realize medical care for patients living with rare and intractable diseases and their family members, JCR has continued to provide continuous support dating back to the time before the opening of Momiji House.
■ Providing Information at Academic Conferences
As a company that seeks to be a global specialty pharma in the rare disease arena, JCR strives not only to deliver superior pharmaceuticals, but also to actively provide information on cutting-edge technologies, clinical trial evidence, and related matters.
In February 2021, JCR gave poster presentations at the 17th Annual WORLDSymposiumTM 2021 on JR-141, JR-171, JR-162, JR-441 and JR-446, which are candidate treatments for lysosomal storage disorders (LSDs) using J-Brain Cargo®, JCR’s proprietary technology. This international symposium covers themes ranging from basic research to clinical applications for LSDs. Concurrently, JCR opened a virtual booth at the event so that it could exchange information with event participants.
   JCR Report 2021 45