 Sustainability
 Human Resource Management
 ■ IntS
We believe that work and private life are both important. Based on this belief, we have introduced a flexible working system and other systems unique to JCR, such as a flextime system and allowing employees to use their annual paid leave in hourly increments.
Since 2019, we have introduced a “savable paid leave system”* as a new program. Previously, employees working while raising children, providing nursing care and fulfilling other responsibilities would sometimes run out of their remaining hourly paid leave at the fiscal year-end, and would have no choice but to use their annual leave in daily increments. This “savable paid leave system” can be used by employees whenever they need to provide childcare or nursing care to family members, or whenever they need to see a doctor regularly for the treatment or screening of a personal injury, illness, or chronic disease, among other situations. From 2021, the scope of eligibility for nursing care, which had previously been limited to parents in terms of its scope of use, has been expanded to family members. JCR aims to introduce a variety of systems in order to provide a workplace environment where employees can work comfortably.
* The unused portion of paid leave may be carried over to the following fiscal year. However, under the provisions of the Labor Standards Act, any unused paid leave expires two years after it is granted. The new system allows employees to save and use up to 40 days of their expired paid leave.
■ Creating an Ideal Workplace Environment Where Employees Can Work Comfortably
As an initiative to create an ideal workplace environment where employees can work healthily and comfortably, we are encouraging the use of annual paid leave. We also provide group administration of influenza vaccinations and support employees aged 35 years and over who wish to receive a comprehensive health check. To improve the workplace environment, we hold a monthly Safety and Health Committee meeting on a Company-wide basis. Whenever improvements are necessary, the committee members discuss what steps JCR should take. We also have appointed two corporate physicians, one of whom provides mental healthcare as a designated mental healthcare physician. Furthermore, inside the Research Institute, we have created a space called “JCR Oasis” where employees can get a massage and refresh themselves during work.
■ Initiatives to Prevent the Spread of COVID-19
Since 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has wreaked havoc around the world. As a measure to prevent the spread of COVID-19, JCR has formed the COVID-19 Action Team to carry out a broad spectrum of initiatives to protect employees from infections.
The team also encourages employees, as members of a pharmaceutical company, to adhere to behavior that will prevent infections.
Description of Initiatives
● Work from home is actively implemented by employees in job categories where work from home is possible.
● The JCR Model, which is tailored to the status of COVID-19 infections in each prefecture, is established and measures to prevent COVID-19 infections are implemented.
● The Action Team provides various types of information on COVID-19 every Monday.
● Masks are regularly handed out to all employees. Portable alcohol sprays are also handed out.
● Facial recognition and body temperature measurement systems and automatic hand sanitizer devices are installed at major business sites.
(Personnel involved in the manufacturing of AstraZeneca’s COVID-19 vaccine bulk solution receive PCR tests every week.)
■ Creating Workplaces Where Women Can Participate Actively
In October 2018, JCR was recognized in the Third Annual Hyogo Women’s Active Participation Awards by Hyogo Prefecture for its efforts to expand career opportunities for women, raise the ratio of female employees in managerial positions (from 5.8% in FY2012 to 10.6% in FY2020), establish in-house daycare facilities, and encourage the participation of male employees in parenting activities. In January 2019, we received Eruboshi certification (Grade 2) from the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare for excellence in promoting the active participation of women in the workplace based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.Related SDGs
Society
roducing Worker Friendly Systems
  46 JCR Report 2021
● All employees receive antigen tests once every two weeks
 ■ Supporting Employees Raising Children
We have provided an in-house daycare center at the Research Institute for employees who are raising children. In addition, we provide a monthly childcare subsidy to support employees who are unable to use the in-house childcare center due to their work location. In recognition of these and other efforts, we received the Kurumin certification from the
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in July 2018. Currently, we are implementing measures to receive our second Kurumin certification.
In-house childcare center JCR Kids Land
■ Measures to Improve the Childcare Leave Acquisition Rate among Men
Achieving gender equality and workstyle reforms have become urgent priorities for solving social problems. Even so, childcare leave by men has not permeated society sufficiently, and no real progress on the acquisition of childcare leave by men has been made. At JCR too, the childcare leave acquisition rate among men (80%* in FY2020, *Includes leave taken for childcare purposes) is lower than the childcare leave acquisition rate among women (100% in FY2020).
We believe that fostering workplace understanding and instilling awareness among male employees are essential to improving the childcare acquisition rate among men. Based on this belief, the Child-Raising Support Café (37 voluntary participants in FY2020) and Ikuboss training (7 voluntary participants in FY2020) (Ikuboss: a boss supportive of child-raising) were held as in-house seminars. In these seminars, outside instructors discussed, among other topics, the benefits that men could enjoy by participating in child-raising. From within JCR, male employees and managers who have acquired childcare leave in the past shared their experiences as part of efforts to encourage
understanding and cooperation toward the acquisition of childcare leave by male employees. Moreover, staff from human resources departments explained various programs that enable male employees to actively acquire childcare leave. As a first step, JCR is working to foster awareness of the acquisition of childcare leave by men within the Company.
Through these measures, the childcare acquisition rate among men has been increasing every year.
■ Enhanced Training Programs
JCR is pouring energy into employee training, because it believes that improving employee skills will help it to grow. In their first month after joining JCR, new graduate recruits attend group training. This program covers business etiquette, communication skills, presentations from each business division, on-site training at plants and the Research Institute, and fieldwork training with medical representatives. We also regularly conduct tier-specific training where participation is mandatory for each level. We also seek to support the self-development and growth of employees. To this end, voluntary training, where employees can voluntarily express their intent to participate in planned training seminars, and e-learning programs were incorporated into training from FY2020, alongside English language training. This training takes a variety of forms, such as group training sessions led by external guest instructors and participation in open public lectures held outside the Company. English language training also features a broad range of training options and formats, such as group training sessions and web-based e-learning programs.
Career advancement seminar for women (At a group training session in FY2019)
   JCR Report 2021 47