Value Creation Story
Value Creation Strategies
Value Creation Management
   Evolving AEON MALL Walking in Collaboration With Industry, Government, and Academia
To support the healthy lifestyles of our customers, we offer AEON MALL Walking at nearly all malls in Japan. These malls feature a walking course in which customers can enjoy shopping and physical exercise regardless
of the season, weather, or time. In collaboration with the Center for Preventive Medical Sciences, Chiba University, AEON MALL Miyazaki (Miyazaki Pref.) and AEON MALL Higashiura (Aichi Pref.) offer a Spatial Design Program based on Primordial Prevention to promote health awareness. AEON MALL Miyazaki is also working to raise awareness of health in cooperation with the official Miyazaki Prefecture walking smartphone application SALKO, which features a pedometer and ranking functions.
Supporting the Sport in Life Project
We have been cooperating with the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare and the Japan Sports Agency in their efforts to promote health. In 2019, we endorsed the new Sport in Life project advocated by the Japan Sports Agency. For two months beginning in July, we implemented a sports experience event called Mall de Sports. This event used the cool and
comfortable mall environment at nearly 150 malls for customers to experience the fun of moving their bodies while attending sports experience events and shopping.
Supporting Refugee Aid Activities
As an opportunity to deepen our understanding of refugees around the world, we conducted a campaign in collaboration with the UNHCR Association, the official support agency of UNHCR (UN High Commissioner
for Refugees), during the period before and after the June 20 World Refugee Day, sponsored by the United Nations General Assembly. We set up booths at 29 malls to provide information about refugees and raise funds. We also invited a lecturer to give a speech at AEON MALL Kyoto Katsuragawa (Kyoto Pref.) and AEON MALL Tamadairanomori (Tokyo).
Sustainable Town Development
Agreement With Saiseikai
AEON MALL entered into an agreement with the Social Welfare Organization Saiseikai Imperial Gift Foundation, which embodies social inclusion through the comprehensive provision of medical, health, and welfare activities. Through this support, we contribute to local town development where AEON MALL and Saiseikai have operations. As the first step in our contribution activities in June 2019, we sponsored a health-themes AEON MALL Walking event and medical field career experience for children at AEON MALL Takaoka (Toyama Pref.).
Financial Information/ Company Overview
   Building Community Relationships
        2020 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT 34