 Value Creation Strategies
Pursuing ESG-Based Management
 ESG Initiatives
Diversity and Work-Style Reform
    Human Resources Policy
Human resources are the most important management resources for sustainable growth. Based on this
policy, we pursue growth strategies by investing in
our human resources, aiming to be a company that fosters diverse human resources who are healthy
and have the opportunity to exercise their talents. In response to advancing globalization and digitalization of business, we commit ourselves to creating new
value by transforming our education system from a traditional single-track specialist education to a double-
Human Resources Education
The AEON Group has established basic principles
on personnel. One of these principles is to create a corporate environment in which human resources
can continue to grow as they work over the long
term. Based on our guiding philosophy of listening
to employee aspirations, understanding employee feelings, and making the most of what employees have to offer, we are committed to creating a corporate environment in which every employee not only continues to work, but also continues to excel and grow over the long term. We offer a variety of training courses for specific job descriptions and development stages. These courses include commercial developer practical training to acquire the knowledge and skills required for a commercial developer. Recently, we have encouraged the exchange of personnel between Japan and overseas to cultivate human resources
track generalist and specialist education. We will use the power of diverse human resources in areas such as systems, digital, finance, and HR. We pursue diversity management to create new business models to adapt to the changes in society and the diversification of employee needs. This management style allows a diverse base human resources to exercise their talents. At the same time, we are developing various human resources training and education programs to support human resources development.
responsible for the future of our growing overseas business. For example, we have a training program to send staff from Japan to China and ASEAN countries
as trainees for one-year assignments. We encourage younger employees and others to experience different cultures and history. In this way, they can improve their business skills and develop leadership skills through
the experience. We also offer core personnel training programs, such as the AEON Business School (ABS) Program, to provide learning opportunities for aspiring employees. In addition to these learning opportunities, employees can use a self-reporting system to communicate their career plans to supervisors and management. We also offer a promotion test system for promotion to a higher position. In this way, we provide equal opportunities for all and encourage everyone to take on new challenges.
Rank D Rank E
Director Executive
 Job Position
Education System
Rank A
Associate  Training for New Graduates, Training for Promotion, Commercial Developer Practical Training, Training for Expatriate Assignments, Follow-Up Training for Mid-Career Hires
  AEON Business School
HR/general affairs/education, business administration, store development, tenant leasing, and other courses
Senior Manager Education
Management trainee program
  37 2020 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT
Overseas Training
Overseas visit training, excellent employee overseas visit Overseas trainee system
Studies in Japan
Support for Self-study
Support for acquiring certifications such as registered real estate transaction manger and certified shopping center manager, and support for self-development such as a correspondence course
Entry to graduate school/MBA program sponsored by the company
  Basic Principles, Code of Conduct, and Compliance Training
Value Creation Story
Value Creation Strategies
Value Creation Management
  Providing Comfortable Work Environments
Overseas malls create work opportunities
Since opening our first mall in Beijing in 2008, we
have opened a total of 21 malls in China and nine in Indonesia, Vietnam, and Cambodia. Our basic policy for operating malls overseas is to delegate the operation to local staff members who have a deep understanding of
our philosophy. We focus on the education of human resources in each country. We are also
active in promoting local staff members to management positions.
Initiatives for tenants
We adopt digital technology to improve efficiencies
(e.g. AEON MALL Works in-store tablets), reduce the burden on tenant employees, and promote labor- savings. Labor shortages have become a social issue. As developers, we believe we have a responsibility to create workplace environments that support the long-term careers of tenant employees at our commercial facilities and improve employee satisfaction. We have introduced various measures in pursuit of this belief.
gain experience overseas. We believe that the experience of working with local staff gives Japanese employees the chance to grow and develop in their own careers.
Japanese Employees Working Overseas With Local Staff Members
Financial Information/ Company Overview
   Health Management Initiatives
We promote health management based on the belief that employee health is essential for corporate activities. We also believe healthy employees can provide services that bring health and wellness for customers. We promote the Happiness Mall initiative
Diversity Policy
The promotion of diversity has a great significance for our business. Diverse human resources are necessary to implement our policy that the customer comes first. This is because a diverse range of customers come to our malls. Creative ideas are born through the active exchange of opinions from diverse points of view. Many highly motivated female employees pursue
Globalization of Human Resources
Our basic policy is to engage in management tied
to local communities by hiring local staff overseas who have a deep understanding of the AEON MALL philosophy. We promote individuals who generate results to management positions, regardless of nationality. In China today, locally hired individuals serve as general managers at seven malls. As well, we are making progress in ASEAN to promote local staff to senior management positions. Meanwhile, we create opportunities for our Japanese employees to
at our malls to contribute to the health and wellness of our customers in local communities. At the same time, we enhance health management by improving work systems and workplace environments in an effort to maintain and improve the health of our employees.
higher positions within our organization. We provide flexible options to enable all to work flexibly, regardless of gender, during life-stage changes, including child rearing or aging parent care. We are building a foundation for comfortable work environments upon which employees can develop their careers.
     2020 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT 38