 Value Creation Strategies
Pursuing ESG-Based Management
 ESG Initiatives
Accountability in Business
Human Rights Policies, Systems, and Training
   The unwavering principle of AEON is pursuing
peace, respecting humanity, and contributing to local communities, always from the customer's point of
view. To honor these principles we will comply with
all relevant laws and regulations, while dealing with all people honestly and sincerely through proper behavior. The AEON Code of Conduct was enacted in April
2003 on the basis of these values. In September 2014, AEON codified a philosophy of human rights and the workplace producing AEON's Basic Human Rights Policy in support of the AEON Code of Conduct.
AEON MALL follows this philosophy and these
policies in respect for human rights. The company aspires to create an organization that allows all people, regardless of their gender or nationality, to participate in the development of the company. We strive to create workplaces that enable all employees to perform to the highest level of their abilities.
All AEON MALL employees must attend an annual human rights training. We also provide employees with a handbook that lists both internal and external help desks. This handbook provides clear information about respect for human rights, prevention of discrimination, and other matters in the context of the AEON MALL employment rules.
 AEON Code of Conduct–Our Commitment
1. AEON people are always grateful to the many other individuals who provide support and help, never forgetting to act with humility. 2. AEON people value the trust of others more than anything else, always acting with integrity and sincerity in all situations. 3. AEON people actively seek out ways to exceed customer expectations.
4. AEON people continually challenge themselves to find new ways to accomplish the AEON ideals.
5. AEON people support local community growth, acting as good corporate citizens in serving society.
 AEON Human Rights Policy
In accordance with this policy, all of AEON executives and employees (AEON People) deepen further their understanding of human rights and help achieve a society that respects these rights.
This policy applies to all AEON People, and we share this policy with all business partners.
1. Our Approach to Human Rights
AEON has established the Aeon Basic Principles and the Aeon Code of Conduct. We also subscribe to the United Nations Global Compact, which we joined in 2004. In accordance with these principles and in compliance with domestic laws on human rights and labor, the International Bill of Human Rights, and the rules on human rights set forth in the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, we respect the rights of all individuals who are impacted by our businesses. In addition, we support and follow the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
2. Respect for Human Rights in Business Activities
We will respect the privacy of individuals as well as their diverse values and personalities and never discriminate against anyone for any reasons, including discriminatory treatment based on race, nationality, ethnicity, gender, age, place of birth, religion, educational background, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
In addition, we remain mindful of the positions of others
and respect them as our equals.
• We treat all customers in a fair and impartial manner and
provide them with safe, reliable products and services, as
well as related information.
• We actively communicate with local community members
to ensure that we respect their human rights.
• We comply with sound corporate ethics and workplace
environment-related laws, regulations, and international standards in our business activities by dealing with business partners fairly. Moreover, we improve our performance in this regard continually.
• We listen to our coworkers, respect the human rights of each coworker, and create workplace environments that
are free of harassment, safe, and employee-friendly. At the same time, we train and educate all AEON People to further their knowledge and understanding of human rights.
3. Implementation of Human Rights Due Diligence
We conduct due diligence regarding the human rights impacted by our business activities to contribute to achieving a society in which human rights are respected.
 Initiatives to Prevent Corruption
See Corporate Governance (P.58) for more about our initiatives to prevent corruption.
39 2020 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT
Value Creation Story
Value Creation Management
  We respect the human rights and the occupational safety and health of all stakeholders. When selecting a general contractor for mall development in overseas, our selection criteria emphasizes the contribution of general contractors to regional development, including the active hiring of local workers and measures for environmental conservation. As the party contracting for services, AEON Mall strives to execute contracts that share the risk burden equally with the contractor, maintaining a high level of fairness between parties.
Moreover, we are committed to the protection of human rights, requiring ID checks for people entering and existing from the work site
to prevent child labor and illegal employment. We also require health checkups of workers.
We pursue initiatives to enhance compliance. We provide compliance training for managers and general employees at each mall and business unit once every year. Participants share the basic knowledge and case studies on violations based on laws, regulations, and internal rules. About two-thirds of employees at a
new AEON MALL facility are newly hired employees. We provide comprehensive employee education at the initial stages to create compliance awareness by interviewing individuals within one year after opening the mall. In the case of harassment or other unfair treatment, tenants and external venders can use our system to report incidents to the compliance division directly via email or phone.
Value Creation Strategies
Financial Information/ Company Overview
   Executing Fair Contracts for Mall Construction
  Building Internal Control Systems in China and ASEAN
We have established internal control systems in both China and ASEAN to ensure compliance. We have also established a risk management system and conduct audits through our Japanese internal audit division. China
In 2013, we established AEON (China) Investment Co., Ltd. to provide head office functions for China as part of
a structure to manage our business in China centrally. Beginning in FY2014, we have been creating and improving regulations and rules related to of investment companies and other affiliates in China. These measures include the building of an internal control system. We have identified organizational issues and practical operations necessary to observe compliance, implementing key measures steadily. We are addressing risk areas that include operation risk, security risk, social risk, and political risk to bolster risk management. In FY2019, we established and implemented the Emergency Management Manual (in Japanese, Chinese, and the languages of ASEAN countries) and Basic Policy for Preventing Bribery (in Chinese). We created a progress management table to visualize the progress of our (1) Current understanding and issues, (2) PDCA progress results in FY2018, (3) PDCA progress targets in FY2019, and (4) vision for the end of FY2019. We monitor and advise the risk management committees within local affiliates for improvement.
ASEAN
With respect to country risks in ASEAN, we have determined eight common issues to be addressed
by three ASEAN countries. We manage these risk scenarios, the details of activities, and results of the three countries in parallel. Each ASEAN country holds a risk management committee meeting twice every year. In these meetings, risk management results from the previous year are reviewed and confirmed. Next, members set action plans for the next year, which are monitored via the PDCA cycle. These risk management activities are reported to management at board of director meetings in each country. In FY2019, we established Corporate Risk Management Rules and
the Emergency Management Manual for our overseas affiliates with help from General Affairs Department
in Japan and the ASEAN group. The ASEAN group created a mailing list to ensure that critical accidents and incidents occurring at overseas subsidiaries are shared swiftly and put to use in each country. The ASEAN group collects information regarding risk management, incidents, and accidents for inclusion in meeting minutes and reports. This information is submitted to the head office Risk Management Committee in Japan on a timely basis.
2020 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT 40