      MS&AD
Integrated Report
2018   
 The MS&AD Insurance Group’s Mission, Vision & Values
To contribute to the development of a vibrant society and
help secure a sound future for the planet, by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services business.
To create a world-leading insurance and financial services group
that consistently pursues sustainable growth and enhances corporate value.
 Our Mission
 The Group’s Raison d'être
 Our Vision
 The Group’s aspirations for the medium term
 Our Values
 The credo for all employees aimed at realizing the Group’s mission
CUSTOMER FOCUS
INTEGRITY
TEAMWORK
INNOVATION
PROFESSIONALISM
Striving to provide security and satisfaction to our customers
Being sincere, kind and fair in our dealings with people
Growing together as a team by respecting one another’s individuality and opinions and sharing knowledge and ideas
Always improving the way we work while responding to stakeholders’ interests
Providing high-quality services by constantly enhancing our skills and proficiency
    000 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 Three Key Concepts of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2018
The primary role of insurance is to help stabilize people’s lives and to support the steady progress of corporate activities through the payment of compensation for damages in cases of emergency. Since ancient times, non-life insurance has helped people overcome challenges. In the future, a succession of developing fields can be expected to emerge as successful efforts are made to address a wide range of risks in such areas as new energy development, AI, robotics and regenerative medicine. The MS&AD Insurance Group is committed to supporting people overcome challenges and realizing a resilient and sustainable society.
In order to realize a resilient and sustainable society, it is imperative that we as a group first possess these same characteristics. Against the backdrop of an operating environment that continues to fluctuate wildly, it is important that we make the most of diversity and stimulate innovation in order to promptly address risks while overcoming uncertainties. Moving forward, we will counter new risks as they arise as well as existing risks that continue to grow in scale and complexity by leveraging the various histories, cultures, characteristics, expertise and other attributes of Group companies.
Recently, society has been severely affected by such global-scale issues as climate change and an aging population as well as the incidence of massive natural catastrophes and a decline in regional vitality. Our role is to ensure that people can lead safe and secure lives while helping to revitalize the economy by supporting companies in their efforts to engage in vibrant activities. Since its foundation, the MS&AD Insurance Group has maintained the unwavering goal of becoming a world-leading insurance and financial services group. Moving forward, we will work to realize this goal and secure sustainable growth by contributing to the resolution of social issues throughout the world as well as the development of society.
 Creating shared value
with society through the insurance business
 Aiming to be a resilient and sustainable group by leveraging diversity
 Realizing sustainable growth
by supporting the development of society
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 001

 Contents
CEO Message
Who We Are
What the MS&AD Insurance Group is
CEO Message・P.004 The MS&AD Insurance Group’s
Mission, Vision and Values・P.000 The MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation・P.012 Five Business Domains ・P.016 MS&AD's Strengths: Scale・P.018 MS&AD's Strengths: History ・P.020 MS&AD's Strengths: Diversity ・P.022 MS&AD's Strengths: Innovation・P.024 MS&AD's Strengths: Sustainability・P.025
MS&AD's Path to Realizing
Our Image of Society・P.026
Medium-Term Management Plan ー Reviewing the previous plans since the Group's founding・P.028
Risks and Opportunities・P.030 New Medium-Term Management Plan:
Vision 2021・・P.032
Financial and Capital Strategy ・P.040
Towards Sustainable Growth and Achieving Targets for Group Adjusted ROE and
Group Adjusted Profit ・・P.042
   Special Feature
Aiming for a Resilient and
Sustainable Society・P.060
Creating Shared Value ・P.062 World Map of Natural Catastrophes
in 2017 ・P.067 Dialogue with Our Stakeholders・P.068
  Our Way
Where we are heading
Our Platform
Appendix
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights ・P.044 Key Management Indicators and
Total Shareholder Return (TSR)・P.046 Strategies by Business Domain・P.048 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business ・P.048 Domestic Life Insurance Business ・P.050 International Business・P.052 Risk-Related Services Business ・P.056 Financial Services Business ・P.058 Asset Management Strategy ・P.059
     ERM
ERM and
Risk Management・P.070
Promotion of
Compliance ・P.073
Human Asset Development and Quality Improvement
Promoting Diversity in
Human Assets・P.074
Quality That Earns
the Trust of Society・P.076
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance・ P.077 Introduction to Directors・ P.081
Message from
Outside Director・ P.084
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors・P.086
 Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
 Basic Knowledge about the Insurance Industry・P.088 Data Section
Glossary of Insurance Terminology ・P.092
 Corporate Profile ・P.098 History of the MS&AD Insurance Group
in Japan・P.104 Group Network・P.106
Credit Ratings ・P.112
Group Company Data Sheets ・P.113 Short Commentary:
Group Financial Statements・P.120
Performance Record ・P.121 ESG Evaluation ・P.187 Third-Party Assurance・P.188
 Editorial Policy
The MS&AD Group publishes the Integrated Report to provide customers, shareholders, investors, and all other stakeholders with a deeper understanding of our initiatives aimed at solving the challenges faced by society and at increasing corporate value throughout the business. This Report was edited based on the International Integrated Reporting Framework provided by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation provided by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in order to explain our business model-based story of value creation and the Group strengths that serve as the source of our competitive ability in an easy to understand manner.
The MS&AD Integrated Report 2018 takes up the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021,” which was launched in the current fiscal year, in order to explain our strategies and specific initiatives designed to facilitate sustainable growth towards realizing the image of society for which we are aiming. At the same time, the Report provides an explanation of the management platforms that support these initiatives. For further detailed information, please visit the MS&AD official website. (For a guide to the relationship between this report and our website, please refer to the explanation on the following page)
 002 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  MS&AD Disclosure Framework
For further detailed information on the MS&AD Insurance Group, please refer to the information on the Company’s official website.
MS&AD Integrated Report MS&AD Official Website https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/index.html
    About MS&AD Group
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group.html Message from the President
MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation Who We Are
Our Strengths
Management Plans and Policies
  CEO Message
 Who We Are
What the MS&AD Insurance Group is
  Company Information
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/company.html Holding Company
Group: Group Structure ⇒Official website of each
group company
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
  Our Way
Where we are heading
 New Medium-Term Management Plan: Vision 2021
 Strategies by Business Domain
    Sustainability
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr.html
Contributing to Resolution of Social Issues through the Business
Enhancing the Quality of Products and Services
Respect for Human Rights
Promoting Diversity in
Human Assets and Health Management
 Our Platform
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
 ERM
 Human Asset Development and Quality Improvement
 Corporate Governance
  Investor Relations
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/ir.html
  Data Section
 Corporate Profile
  Performance Record
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 003

 CEO Message
Learning from our experience and track record of more than 100 years and rapidly responding to challenges stemming from societal changes,
we pledge to continue to contribute to society
for the next 100 years.
President & CEO
Yasuyoshi Karasawa
 004 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Photographed at the rooftop garden of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Surugadai Building

    CEO Message
Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
Two goals in the medium-term management plan, “Vision 2021”
What the Group aims at in order to realize “a resilient and sustainable society”
The MS&AD Insurance Group was founded in April 2010 with the objective of “creating a world-leading insurance and financial services group”. Subsequently, we experienced the Great East Japan Earthquake in March 2011, there were devastating floods in Thailand where many Japanese firms have factories, and the Group saw its first loss in fiscal 2011. At the time, as the combined ratio of domestic non-life insurance business exceeded 100% and insurance underwriting did not yield profits, the occurrence of such massive natural disasters led the ESR (economic solvency ratio), which is an index of financial soundness, to fall below 150%, reaching a dangerous zone.
In the previous medium-term management plan “Next Challenge 2017”, which tried to extricate the Group from such a situation, profits from domestic non-life insurance businesses improved markedly. As for integration within the Group, we opted for “reorganization by function” in order to simultaneously achieve growth and efficiency. To this end, we clarified the concept of each company. Thus, while Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance has a global and comprehensive business model, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance’s model is based on close relationships with local communities. Through the division of roles, including class of insurance, sales channels, and sales territories, coupled with overseas expansion, the Group has been able to amplify its comprehensive strength. As a result, last year, which was the final year of our management plan “Next Challenge 2017”, the combined ratio of the domestic non-life insurance business recovered to 92%. In addition, while the insurance market as a whole experienced historic high insurance claims due to hurricanes in North America and typhoons in Japan, our Group’s ESR maintained about 200%, enhancing financial soundness to a level that will be unshaken even under considerable stress.
In the Group’s new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021”, which builds on such results, two big goals are set. One is to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group, which the Group has been aiming at since its birth. Specifically, this means achieving a scale that is consistently
. This also means achieving a quality with a certain level of capital efficiency (Group Adjusted ROE of 10%) and financial soundness (ESR of 180-220%). As an insurance
company, in order to underwrite various risks and prepare to meet claims in case of emergency, it is necessary to secure sufficient capacity. Currently, the scale of the MS&AD Group is ranked 8th in the world, which is the highest ranking among Japan’s non-life insurance groups. While maintaining this position, we would like to steadily boost quality-related KPIs.
The other goal is to create resilient systems that can swiftly respond to any change in these times of rapid environmental flux. Due to the sudden emergence of new risks, existing risks becoming big not to mention complex, and changes in social structure, the needs of society change. Here, our mission is to support the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet through insurance and financial services business. Needless to say, to quickly detect changes in the world and to be able to appropriately respond to them, we ourselves have to become a resilient and sustainable group.
Key strategies to achieve the two goals
Pursuing the Group’s comprehensive strengths ─
Finding the optimal solution for the Group as a whole that realizes growth and efficiency simultaneously
We have three non-life insurance companies (including direct type insurance) and two life insurance companies in Japan, and networks of subsidiaries, affiliates, and others in 47 countries and regions. Each company, under a clear business concept, gauges respective customer needs and aims at realizing seamless growth ─ this was the concept of Group integration in the form of reorganization by function.
ESR
(Economic Solvency Ratio)
A solvency ratio based on economic value, ESR is an indicator of capital adequacy with respect to the risk amount.
See the “Establishment of financial soundness” section (P. 28) for details
Historically High Damage from Natural Disasters
In fiscal 2017, considerable damage was caused by natural disasters around the world, with several typhoons and torrential rainfall in Japan, hurricanes in the U.S., wildfires in California, and massive earthquakes in Mexico. (According to a survey by Swiss Re, insured loss totaled ¥15 trillion.)
See the “World Map of Natural Catastrophes” section (P. 67) for details
Fortune Global 500
A ranking of global companies by gross income that is released every year by Fortune magazine.
See the “Positioning in Each Business Domain” section (P. 18) for details
Resilient Systems
A posture with the ability to flexibly and adroitly respond to changing situations and unforeseen circumstances, reduce adverse effects and speedily recover.
Reorganization by Function
Reorganization by function is an unprecedented style of restructuring for achieving growth and higher efficiency concurrently for the entire Group, including Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance, while mutually leveraging individual strengths and clarifying the business concepts of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance.
See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section (P. 95) for details
   ranked among the top ten non-life insurance groups by income in the property & casualty insurance
 category of the Fortune Global 500
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 005
CEO Message

  Integration of Claims Service Systems
This initiative is a part of reorganization by function that commenced in stage 2 of Next Challenge 2017. Plans call for rolling out the new claims service system (BRIDGE), which was jointly developed by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, from fiscal 2019.
Digitalization
Digitalization is an initiative to use digital technology to improve the efficiency and convenience of processes and services, with the aim of transforming all the businesses of the Group.
Group CDO
(Chief Digitalization Officer)
The Group CDO oversees departments in charge of promoting digitalization at each Group company around the world, sets up projects, and promotes initiatives to transform businesses through mutual collaboration across the Group.
Based on this concept, we have mostly completed system integration, shared back offices, integrated bases and sales networks in specific regions, and reorganized the international business and marine insurance between the two core non-life insurance companies during the first half of the manage- ment plan “Next Challenge 2017” . In the second half, we promoted the sharing of products and operating procedures as well as the integration of claims service systems, all in the pursuit of further efficiency. Steps have been taken to consolidate long-term third-sector policies in force on Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance.
In the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021”, we will expand such developments to the entire Group and, through exercising the Group’s comprehensive strength, realize further cost reductions and qualitative improvements. We will pursue a business model of total optimization which simultaneously realizes growth and efficiency of the Group.
Promotion of digitalization ─
Real-time and tailor-made insurance products and services reflecting the customer perspective
One purpose in promoting digitalization is to raise productivity, but we believe it is rather more important “to deliver greater ‘value’ to the customer experience”. In offering products and services and expanding sales channels, we will pursue real-time and tailor-made features for customers. For example, we expect to build even better and closer relationships with customers when digitalization enables us to create mechanisms to customize types of insurance, the scope of compensation, and insurance premiums. To that end, it is crucial to take a futuristic approach such as open innovation. We intend to accelerate productivity improvement and raise the level of services by forming alliances with external institutions and different businesses, including industry-government-universities, investing in startups in Silicon Valley, and conducting joint research with our overseas partner companies.
To pursue these initiatives, speedy decision making is required. To promote digitalization strategy more effectively throughout our Group, we have appointed a Group CDO (Chief Digitalization Officer) from this fiscal year. Through this arrangement, we will rapidly propel initiatives that lead to reform of the entire business.
Reforming our portfolio ─
Aiming at diversifying regions and businesses from the perspective of risk diversification
During the period of our management plan “Vision 2021”, we intend to diversify our business portfolio by initially aiming at achieving 50% profit from the domestic non-life insurance business and 50% from the domestic life insurance and international businesses combined; and, as a next step, we aim at raising the profit of our international business to 50% of Group profit.
The domestic non-life insurance business, which generates most of the Group’s profit as of now, will aim at keeping a combined ratio of 95% or lower and maintain and expand the profit level to secure about 50% of entire Group profit during this medium-term management plan period.
     In the future, transitioning to a portfolio from which 50% of profits are generated through the international business will become vital in maintaining a sound financial platform and earnings power.
006 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message
Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
 In the domestic life insurance business, profits of the two life insurance companies have become stable through aggressively developing and selling products that meet market needs, and they are expected to generate about ¥45 billion on an annual basis during the term of the manage- ment plan “Vision 2021”.
The international business is expected to achieve annual profit of more than ¥100 billion through organic growth by fiscal 2021. Although MS Amlin registered severe financial results in fiscal 2017, the sum of profit of Amlin/Lloyd’s syndicate and the reinsurance subsidiary of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance before integration was about ¥40 billion. While not a simple calculation as the risk amount of natural disasters was restrained because of integration, we can foresee that MS Amlin business will generate profit of about ¥45 billion considering cost reductions, initiatives currently being pursued to recover profitability, and synergies with Asian and US businesses.
In addition, the Toyota retail business, being undertaken by Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, will see profit expand, and, through a close relationship with Toyota Motor Corporation, steadily develop international business. In such a manner, the growth platform of international business to meet the target has already been put firmly in place.
Three perspectives and disciplines in conducting M&A
Insurance is a business of trust; it requires sustained determination; it is essential to have a mission at the core
In the management plan “Vision 2021,” we have laid the foundations for 50% of Group Adjusted Profit to be generated from international business in succeeding medium-term management plans, including both organic growth and inorganic growth.
We have three requirements in conducting M&A. The first is that a counterpart should share the same values as us. It is important for each firm to have empathy for the principles and philosophy (such as the actual aims of insurance business) of the other.
The second is that a counterpart should have a sustainable growth model. The investment in China’s BoCommLife Insurance, announced in May 2018, is a good example. In the case of China's life insurance business, it was important to have a solid sales structure. Because BoCommLife Insurance is an affiliate of the Bank of Communications, it can offer sales through the bank’s branch network. If we provide good products using our know-how and create a good training system, it can surely achieve growth through its own network. Also, since it is a bank affiliate, the risk of itself exiting is low and therefore it is considered a sustainable business model.
The third is the diversification of risks. It is important whether risks are diversified according to domestic or overseas, non-life or life insurance, regions, and perils.
Meeting these three requirements is essential, and, if there is a good project with economic rationality, we will deal with it pro-actively. Also, from perspectives of capital leeway and the effective utilization of capital, M&A is a strategically high priority option for our Group.
Focus on Asia is a key of the Group’s growth strategy
Position in Asia that has been built over many years leads to global development
The original role of insurance is to support stability in people's lives and dynamic business activities by compensating for economic losses when risks actually manifest themselves. Our Group has contributed to the development of the non-life insurance industry in Asia by making early advances into the area and transferring technology/know-how related to pricing and claims payments to the insurance industry in each particular country. Currently, we do underwriting business in all 10 ASEAN countries and have the largest network as a non-life insurance group. The population of ASEAN is about 640 million now, but, from a medium- to long-term perspective, the growth potential of ASEAN due to population growth and the formation of a middle class is considered quite large. In preparation for that time, in our view there is significant meaning behind the Group's growth strategy
Close Relationship with Toyota Motor
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance aims to establish a business model that taps into new needs and markets, and regards its relationship with the Toyota Motor Group as an important growth strategy. For example, the company is working with Toyota Motor to jointly develop attractive products and services in tune with changes in the automobile industry, including the use of telematics and advanced safety technologies.
Investment in BoCommLife Insurance Company Limited of China
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance has reached an agreement with the life insurance subsidiary of a leading Australian bank to purchase 37.5% of shares in BoCommLife Insurance Company Limited, a subsidiary of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. in China. Growth is expected in China, the third largest life insurance market in the world, after the U.S. and Japan.
Peril
Peril is a specific cause of loss covered by an insurance policy.
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 007
CEO Message

  Facility
Facility is often used to mean physical facilities, equipment and machines. Here, facility refers to the systems and organizations for insurance underwriting.
to be among the top three non-life insurers in major ASEAN countries, solidly supporting each country's insurance system and securing a firm presence.
These strengths in Asia will also benefit business expansion in other countries and regions where we do not have our own network. For example, in Latin America, the alliance with Mapfre, which is the largest non-life insurance company in Spain, enabled us to develop business that mutually utilizes our facilities in Asia and those of Mapfre in Latin America. We have been running similar business in alignment with QBE, Australia’s largest insurance company, in the Oceania region; with AXA, France’s largest insurance company, in Francophone Africa; and with Generali, Italy’s largest insurance company, in Central and Eastern Europe. The reason these alliances work well is that our Group has strengths in Asia, and each partner provides its facilities in each region to our Group and in return can utilize the facilities of our Group in Japan and Asia. By making full use of this strength, we believe we can pursue efficient global development.
And, what we cannot ignore is China and India, which play a central role in the global economy. Both countries are incorporating digitalization technology into their markets at a tremendous speed and have huge growth potential. In order to develop life and non-life insurance business in these two countries and build firm footholds, it is important to form alliances with good local partners and steadily manage business. Indeed, as for non-life insurance in China, our group has a local subsidiary which has an established presence among foreign insurance companies in China, and we have been forming alliances with China’s domestic second largest Ping An Insurance and third largest China Pacific Insurance. As for life insurance in China, we will develop business together with the Bank of Communications. In India, we will develop non-life insurance business through teaming up with the southern business conglomerate Murugappa Group and develop life insurance business with the New Delhi business conglomerate Max Group. China and India are each expected to be among the largest gigantic markets in the world in the future, and we would like to team up with partners which have a solid foundation backed by local capital, and together develop non-life insurance and life insurance businesses from a leading position in the respective markets.
Positioning of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in“Vision 2021”
Realizing our mission
We have been pursuing our mission “to contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services business”. What further embodies our mission is “the MS&AD story of value creation”. This is a common understanding among all staff and helps us appreciate what our jobs mean in society.
We will contribute to realizing “a resilient and sustainable society” through our initiatives to resolve four issues: 1) diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters, 2) the global environment approaching the limit, 3) mounting burden of nursing/medical care associated with aging population, and 4) a decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities. Based on a view that these initiatives will increase the Group’s corporate value, we have been developing our business activities in five business domains (domestic non-life insurance, domestic life insurance, international business, financial services, and risk-related services).
Such a line of thought squares with ‘sustainable development goals’, or SDGs, that the United Nations set in 2015 to be achieved by 2030. Therefore, in order to advance value sharing with various stakeholders, we have incorporated SDGs as our milestones with which to align the Group’s business.
Since olden times, insurance has existed to help people, businesses, and local communities to be resilient and sustainable.
For example, while claims payments stemming from earthquakes and typhoons served as funds for restoring damaged property, what is important is that such payments were indispensable for rehabilitating the livelihoods of those affected and restoring local communities.
 Sustainable Development Goals
In 2015, the United Nations adopted Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as targets that should be achieved by 2030 in order to sustain the development of international society. There are 17 goals and 169 targets that the world should prioritize as issues to be tackled, such as eliminating poverty and countering climate change.
See P. 13 for details
 008 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message
Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
  To begin with, insurance exists only if there is a sustainable society. For example, among the UN’s SDGs, there is one to “end poverty in all its forms everywhere”. At first glance this appears to have nothing to do with insurance. After all, those who are busy making ends meet on a daily basis and do not have anything they need to protect will not have any strong need for insurance. But, with poverty diminishing and the middle classes increasing, there will be increasing opportunities in which the insurance industry and our Group can offer shared value.
Moreover, what is wonderful about SDGs is the participation by everyone. Everyone participates, sets goals, and moves toward them, through which overall optimization will be achieved. We feel strong empathy for the SDG message of “Leaving no one behind” and the basic ideas of universality (every country can change), inclusion (eradicate discrimination), impartiality (consideration for the weak), integration (achieve a balance among the economy, environment, and society), and transparency.
Setting SDGs as milestones will be quite meaningful for realizing the society that we should aim for.
Human assets that realize the story of value creation
Promotion of ‘diversity and inclusion’ (D&I)
To realize our mission, vision, and values, creation of shared value (CSV), and the story of value creation, it is necessary to nurture a good environment where employees can play active roles in a resounding fashion. For this purpose, we must seriously think about our management platforms and various systems and mechanisms. In the sense of preparing platforms to establish D&I, what is most important will be ‘work style reforms’. Building a platform by which diversified employees can play active roles in a fair manner will be crucial for enhancing corporate competitiveness. To this end, it is vital to not only reduce working hours but also create a mechanism to raise productivity through utilizing digitalization to the utmost. If the improvement of business processes increases productivity and shifts employees to more value-added work, all employees will be able to feel they are achieving ‘decent work’ goals, namely, more job satisfaction.
A multinational team in Silicon Valley, consisting of three residential representatives from Japan and other members ─ including residential representatives and short-stay ─ from our overseas subsidiaries, has been promoting various activities. The other day, the person in charge of the multinational team asked us to think about further diversification of the team in terms of gender, age and nationality. As there are so many female heads and leaders in Silicon Valley, an organization with no women or only consisting of the Japanese, only young people, or only elderly is seen as odd.
At our Group’s ASEAN entities, the nationality of employees is diverse, half of all employees are women, and half of management positions are also occupied by women. If this tendency becomes conspicuous in our locations in strategically important Asia, some will point out the contrast with our headquarters in Japan, where management positions are still mainly occupied by men, and overseas, where half of such positions are taken by women. Unless human assets that reflect diversity of age, careers, nationalities, and gender are able to play active roles, it is difficult to do business overseas. We should make better use of different ideas beyond borders to bolster the comprehensive strengths of the Group; furthermore, we should proactively incorporate wide and more universal ideas from employees, including those with disabilities, in the Group as a whole – such initiatives are essential. For this, we ourselves need to become a flexible organization that can accept diversity, and we need to
Diversity & Inclusion
(D&I)
In order to maximize the MS&AD Group’s strengths in diversity and diverse values, we believe it is essential that each person’s individuality is respected, regardless of outward characteristics such as race, gender, age and physical appearance, nor inward characteristics such as religion, creed, background and values. While recognizing we are all different in some way, we will focus on the best parts of everyone.
See P. 74 for details
CSV
(Creating Shared Value)
CSV means creating economic value and shared value with society through corporate activities.
Decent Work
Decent work is defined as work that people are motivated to do. It refers to productive work in which human rights are protected, sufficient pay is earned, and social protections are properly afforded.
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 009
CEO Message

  Backcasting
Originally used in the environmental field, backcasting starts with defining a desirable future and then works backwards to identify policies that will connect that specified future to the present.
have a culture that includes diverse human assets, each enhancing the other. To nurture such a corporate culture, from this fiscal year we have assigned an executive officer to be in charge of D&I and who will robustly promote D&I initiatives groupwide.
In promoting actual D&I initiatives, we believe it effective to set a numeric target first and use a backcasting approach. So as to achieve the numeric goal, it is important to thoroughly consider what type of human assets should be recruited, inclusive of mid-career recruitment, what training plans can be offered, and what career paths can be drawn. While Japan is still based on lifetime employment, the mobility of human assets in a good sense, namely, a person changes jobs, gains experience, and returns to the old job, could be advanced. In our Group, there are employees returning to us after leaving for a while, and we think that people who have business experience in other companies are also precious human assets.
To entrench D&I, we must be an organization in which mission, vision, and values are shared among all employees.
Appointment of future management
Next generation who will lead the Group should also be resilient and sustainable
While leaders in each Group company and the holding company might be required to have different qualities in some aspects, it is important for all to be able to flexibly respond to the rapidly changing environment, and thus it might be difficult for those trapped in old ideas to become leaders. In addition, it will be necessary to have a capacity to be on the front line, leading the company, as well as tolerance to firmly recognize diversity, and adaptability to convert such diversity into strengths.
Moreover, it is important to be evaluated by different people and from different perspectives. And, while we recognize that all current executive officers have the capacity to work at the top, we expect them to try to improve themselves by learning from others. Furthermore, in the future we might consider recruiting executive officers from other companies or our overseas subsidiaries. We need to receive feedback from various viewpoints, including those from outside, and identify human assets that suit the times and situation.
Image of the Group eyeing the future
Creating shared value (CSV) through insurance business model
In our management plan “Vision 2021”, our target is to have a presence in terms of scale and quality as “a world-leading insurance and financial services group”. The reason we focus on scale and quality is that we need to cover new risks and also current risks that have become enormous and complex. Unless we ourselves have scale and quality, we cannot respond to such diverse risks. To achieve “a resilient and sustainable society”, we need to always challenge risks using scale and quality comparable to rival companies.
For example, in the course of evolution in the automobile arena, such as automated driving, it is necessary to have insurance that actually corresponds to risks that newly arise. And, in the development of medical technology, such as advanced medical treatment, it is necessary to have insurance to transfer risks. To support someone who is challenging something we as a Group need to be resilient, and being resilient underlines the importance of maintaining a high level of quality. By 2030 and after, we will be required to always challenge various risks that arise in the process of aiming at achieving “a resilient and sustainable society”, and we have to build up our strength to fully bear such risks.
 010 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message
Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
 Sensing the emergence of risks beforehand and informing customers and giving advice to prevent or reduce such risks is also, like providing risk cover through insurance, an important role we fulfill. For example, thrashing out risks surrounding business activities and providing a risk map, providing know-how regarding initiatives for disaster prevention and reduction will lead to realizing a society in which companies can develop stably. The lowering of insurance premiums coupled with disaster prevention and reduction activities, and a mechanism like telematics which provides incentives to drive safely, will contribute to realizing a society with fewer accidents. And, incentives to stop smoking through lower life insurance premiums will lead to longevity and a healthier society and support realizing a sustainable society. Along with our Group’s value creation story, if we can detect risks and make them known, prevent accidents and losses, develop a system to minimize damage, and utilize digital technologies, we will be able to continue to provide insurance and financial services that contribute to a resilient and sustainable society.
From a global perspective, mainly in emerging economies, it is important to consider and make proposals as to what kind of insurance is necessary under each country’s system. Through explaining Japan’s residential earthquake and compulsory automobile liability insurance systems as well as operations of the General Insurance Rating Organization of Japan, making proposals as to how to construct a mechanism corresponding to the situation for each country, and advising how to set up self-help efforts and disaster prevention and reduction measures, we can contrib- ute to resolving societal issues each respective country faces.
Concluding remarks
Looking globally, the environment surrounding companies has recently been changing every second, such as changes in the global environment, demographics, and industrial structure, the emergence of populism and widening inequalities in society, the evolution of IT, and emergence of new risks. In the business world, we need to promptly sense such changes and convert risks into opportunities. As was implied by Sun Tzu that it is sometimes better to be brisk and slapdash than painstaking but slow, it is important to take the first step ahead of competitors on a global basis. While it is not easy to step into uncharted territory, we have a history of more than 100 years and we will be able to predict the future through experience and track record of those years. We believe our group can contribute to society for the next 100 years centering on a strong sense of values built on past successes and lessons.
Old Proverb:
Kochi ha Sessoku ni Shikazu
“It is better to be fast, even if performance is poor, than slow with good performance.” This proverb came from the wise words of military strategist Sun Tzu, “In war, it is better to move quickly and finish quickly, even if tactics are poor.” This means that depending on the situation, it may be preferable to move things forward quickly, even without skill, instead of sitting still.
We will generate global-scale value that leads to a bright future.
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 011
CEO Message

 The MS&AD’s
Story of Value Creation
“Contribute to the Development of a Vibrant Society and Help Secure a Sound Future for the Planet”
The MS&AD Insurance Group was formed with three groups of insurance companies being integrated with the mission “to contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet, by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services business.”
To fulfill our aim to “contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet,” we need to promptly identify various risks stemming from social issues and provide information on these risks. Then, through a variety of products and services, we need to prevent risks from occurring or minimize the impact of those risks and to reduce the economic burden when those risks materialize. By doing so, we help create an environment where customers around the globe, who face various challenges, can live and conduct business in a secure manner. That is our story of value creation.
The MS&AD Insurance Group, together with its stakeholders, will continue to seek sustainable growth and enhance corporate value. And, through creating a world-leading insurance and financial services group, we will pursue value creation around the globe.
012 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
What the MS&AD Insurance Group is
Four Social Issues
From among the many social issues, the MS&AD Insurance Group has selected four social issues where the Group can make a significant contribution, based on an analysis of their importance to the Group and the degree of interest among stakeholders.
Our efforts to solve these issues also align with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)* and lead to value creation.
* This refers to the Sustainable Development Goals, which include 17 goals and 169 targets related to
4 3 2 1
Level of impact on the long-term growth of the MS&AD Insurance Group
      1234
  poverty, health, and climate change, etc., that were stated in the “2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development” adopted at the UN Sustainable Development Summit in September 2015. For details, refer to the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” on P. 96.
Initiatives for Seven Key Issues (Creating Shared Value)
 1 Diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters
 2 Global environment approaching the limit (Climate change and depletion of resources, etc.)
3 Mounting burden of nursing/medical care associated with aging population
  4 Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
    Deal with new risks
Create a safer mobility society
Strive for resilient community development
Support “good health and longevity”
    Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation
Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
Work toward realization of “leaving no one behind” *See P. 27 for examples of specific initiatives.
Please refer to details of analysis on the Company’s official website: https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr/summary/materiality.html.
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 013
Who We Are
 Level of contribution to society’s sustainability

 Resources Supporting MS&AD
Resources Supporting MS&AD
  Resilient systems that can respond to changing
environment
 Medium-Term Management Plan
P. 32
Optimum resource allocation and appropriate
risk management
 ERM PP. 38, 70
   The MS&AD's Story of Value Creation
Contributing to the Development and Helping Secure a
  Financial Capital
● Sufficient and sound financial base enabling
MS&AD’s Strengths
Social Issues
Diverse risks surrounding society
1 Diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters
2 Global environment approaching the limit (Climate change and depletion of resources, etc.)
Mounting burden of nursing/medical 3 care associated with aging population
4 Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
MS&AD's Business Model
Reduce the economic burden
Identify and inform on risks
Prevent risks from occurring/ minimize the impact
Systems Supporting 
  the underwriting of customers’ risks Consolidated net assets
 (as of March 31, 2018): ¥2,968.3 billion Human Capital
Scale
Adequate capacity derived from scale
      ● Global and diverse human assets
● Professional human assets with sophisticated
expertise related to insurance, risks, etc.
Consolidatednumberofemployees(asofMarch31,2018): 41,295 Intellectual Capital
● Expertise and trustworthiness supported by a lengthy business history and experience
● Most abundant risk data in Japan and the ASEAN region Number of risk surveys conducted (FY2017): 1,189
Social and Relationship Capital ● No. 1 in the scale of its customer base in Japan
Number of individual customers in Japan*1: Approx. 42 million Number of corporate customers in Japan*1: Approx. 2.4 million
● No. 1 in gross premiums written in the ASEAN region
● No. 1 in the size of its agent network in Japan Number of domestic non-life insurance agents*1: 88,532
Domestic marketing
bases*2: 263 branches/1,036 offices
History
Past experience and lessons are the seeds of the future
                          431 47 countries/regions
Diversity
Creativity and synergies derived from diversity
Innovation
Realizing growth in tune with the times
Sustainability
Alwaysalign with society
 Domestic claims handling service centers*3:
 ● Overseas bases*4:
*1 SimplesumofthenumberofcustomersandthenumberofagentsatMSIandADI (as of March 31, 2018)
*2 Simplesumofthenumberofbasesatdomesticinsurancecompanies(asofApril1,2018)
*3 Simplesumofthenumberofclaimshandlingservicecentersatdomesticnon-life
insurance companies (as of April 1, 2018)
*4 IncludesSLICaymanLimited(financialservicesbusiness)intheCaymanIslands
(as of April 1, 2018)
● Relationships with leading companies in other sectors, including the Toyota Group, the Nippon Life Group, the Mitsui Group and the Sumitomo Group
Natural Capital
● Stable global climate system
● Preservation of biodiversity in nature ● Sustainable natural resources
         014 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 P. 48
Who We Are
 Financial Capital
Human Capital
Intellectual Capital
Social Capital
   P. 50
 P. 58
  P. 56
   Management platforms that enable employees to play active roles; and quality improvement
Natural Capital
Strengthening corporate governance
 Corporate Governance P. 77
 Human Asset Development and Quality Improvement
P. 74
   CEO Message
What the MS&AD Insurance Group is
of a Vibrant Society
Sound Future for the Planet
Our Way
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
  Resilient and sustainable society
・Stability in people's lives ・Dynamic business
activities
Global insurance / financial services business Five Business Domains
(Group Adjusted Profit ) ¥105.1billion ¥201.0 billion
Initiatives for Seven Key Issues
Creating Value in Cooperation with Stakeholders (results of FY2017)
Customers Shareholders Agents Business Partners Employees Local Communities/International Society Environment
● Increase capital efficiency ● Increase Group Core Profit ● Returns to shareholders
* Total Shareholder Return (TSR) is the ratio calculated by dividing the return (dividends and capital gains) on investments in stocks over a specified period by the share price (investment amount).
Group Core Profit:
  Group ROE:
(Group Adjusted ROE 6.4%) TSR* of past 5 years:
3.7% 84.7%
     Provision of safety
● Provide working environments that offer greater amenities and support personal growth
● Provide employment that is stable and gives due consideration to work-life balance
Deal with new risks
  Provision of safety
 and peace of mind
and peace of mind
Safer mobility society
Strive for resilient community development
"Good health and longevity"
Climate change mitigation and adaptation
Employee satisfaction level:*1
4.4points
Days of paid vacation used per employee/year:*
16.0
2
     Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Financial Services Business
Risk-Related Services Business
*1 Thismeasuresthelevelofemployees’feelingprideorjobsatisfaction.(Thefigureisanaverage for all employees based on a survey of employees–6 points represents perfect satisfaction.)
*2 Averagenumberofvacationdaysacquiredbyallemployeeswithrespectto“regular/carryover
vacation days” as well as “special vacation days”
● Foster the development of employees with high levels of specialized expertise
● Provide products and services that respond to changing and diverse customer needs
● Provide society with risk-related surveys and research results
  Research reports issued:*1
72
Number of actuaries:*2
100
   P. 52
"Leave no one behind"
Improve the sustainability of natural capital
*1 WeissuedreportsondiversesubjectsincludingCSR,corporaterisks,BCM,workers’ compensation risks, transportation risks, overseas crisis management information, and infectious disease information.
*2 NumberofprofessionalactuariesemployedbyMS&ADGroupwithspecializedskillsformaking full use of probability, statistical and other mathematical techniques used in product development, risk management, financial soundness confirmation, and other processes (as of April 1, 2018)
● Disburse insurance payment of claims and benefits appropriately and speedily
● Provide services to prevent accidents and disasters from occurring
● Provide a high-quality and diverse agent network
● Fulfill corporate social responsibility through cooperative relationships with business partners
● Provide products and services that protect such social capital as social infrastructure, government services, etc.
   claims paid* ¥2311.2billion 96.0
Insurance 2 1 Customer satisfaction:*
%
,
     Corporate Value Creation
*1 Thisrepresentsthesumofnetclaimspaidandlifeinsuranceclaims.(FY2017)
*2 Ratioofcustomerssatisfiedwithaccidentresponseforautomobileinsurance(MSIandADI)
(FY2017)
● Reduce CO2 emissions to slow the pace of climate change
● Contribute to the preservation of biodiversity
● Reduce the burden to allow sustainable use of natural resources
Amount of paper reduced
  by web policy clauses*1 and eco insurance policies:
Employees participating in social contribution
981,984kg
2 20,022 activities* :
  *1 Policyclausesaremadeavailableonlineinsteadofusingprintedmaterial,makingthem environmentally friendly.
*2 Numberofemployeeswhomakedonationsorparticipateinvolunteeractivitiesasan individual or part of the company. (excluding employees overseas)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 015
International Business

 Five Business Domains
Providing products and services tailored to match customers’ increasingly diverse risks and needs
Group Core Profit
■ Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business  ■ Domestic Life Insurance Business  
 ■ International Business Group Core Profit
(¥ billion) 250
200
150 100 50 0 -50 -100
-150
■ Financial Services Business/Risk-Related Services Business
 155.7
147.5
213.7
                 2017
 105.1
   2014
2015 2016 (FY)
   016
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
 Who We Are
     Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
P. 48
No. 1 position in the domestic non-life insurance market, making groupwide efforts to comprehensively meet diverse customer needs
      Domestic Life Insurance Business P. 50
Leveraging the distinctive strengths of two group companies in protection-type and asset-building products
       International Business
P. 52
An overseas network covering 46 countries and regions*
– No. 1 in terms of non-life gross premiums written in the ASEAN region
       Financial Services Business
P. 58
Leveraging the full range of
its capabilities as an insurance and financial services group
to provide new financial products and services
      Risk-Related Services Business
P. 56
Creating synergies with the insurance business by deploying global
risk solution services
   MS&AD Group companies that support the
five business domains
* Excluding the Cayman Islands, where SLI Cayman Limited (Financial Services Business) is located. (As of April 1, 2018)
MS&AD Loan Services Co., Ltd.
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network Co., Ltd. Fureai Do-Life Services Co., Ltd.
MS&AD Business Support Co., Ltd. MS&AD Business Service Co., Ltd. MS&AD Staffing Service Co., Ltd.
   MS&AD Systems Co., Ltd.
  CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
What the MS&AD Insurance Group is
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 017

  Scale
Adequate capacity derived from scale
Groupwide
MS&AD’s Strengths: Scale Positioning in Each Business Domain
No. 8
in the world
   No. 8 among non-life insurance groups in the world
▶Fortune Global 500: 2017 Income Ranking
$223,604 $122,196 $76,132 $68,700 $67,245
Source: Fortune Global 500 2017 Insurance Property & Casualty (Stock + Mutual)
No. 1 Share
The insurance group most chosen by customers in Japan
    1
2
3
4
5
Company/Group Name
Berkshire Hathaway
Allianz
State Farm Insurance Cos.
Munich Re Group
Zurich Insurance Group
Income
  6
7
8
9
10
Company/Group Name
People’s Insurance Co. of China
AIG
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings
Tokio Marine Holdings
Swiss Re
Income
                   Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
(Ordinary income basis for Japanese insurance groups) (US$ million)
$66,732 $52,367 $49,239 $48,292 $43,786
No. 1
Underwriting profit
▶Underwriting profit
 (prior to reflecting catastrophe reserves)*
(¥ billion) ■ MS&AD ■ Company A Group ■ Company B Group No. 1 share in all lines of business in Japan 250
 ▶Share of Net Premiums Written* (FY2017) Others
13%
¥8,380.6 billion
200
150 125.6 100
203.1 173.0
128.3 133.9 127.4
     MS&AD 33%
118.0 75.7
76.8
FY2017
     Company B Group
26%
Company A Group
28%
50
0
  Sources: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company and data from the General Insurance Association of Japan. * MS&AD figures are simple sums of figures for MSI, ADI, Mitsui Direct General, and au
Insurance Company
* Figures for other insurance groups are simple sums of non-consolidated figures for
domestic companies in each group.
* Figures are presented exclusive of the Good Results Return premiums of Mitsui
Sumitomo Insurance’s proprietary “ModoRich” automobile insurance product, which contains a special clause for premium adjustment and refund at maturity (same hereinafter).
*Figures for MS&AD are the simple sum of the non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI; simple sum of non-consolidated group figures excluding direct insurance companies of each group
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on the publicly announced information from each company
FY2015
FY2016
  The largest sales / customer base in Japan
We are pursuing competitive advantages of scale based on our powerful non-life insurance sales channels covering multiple market segments and our nationwide sales/claims support (service) network. See P. 14 for details.
018 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature What the MS&AD Insurance Group is
No. 8 Domestic Life among 29 companies
Insurance Business and groups
No. 8 in premiums income among domestic
life insurance companies/groups
▶Domestic life insurance companies/groups'  premiums and others ranking (FY2017)
Company C Company D Company E Company F Company G Company H Company I MS&AD Group Company J Group Company K
(¥ trillion)
5.18
4.23 3.95
(¥ billion)
40
30
23.9
14.7 11.6
FY2015
Group
Group
Group Group
2.71 2.53
2.43 1.78
1.55
1.47 1.44
20
10
0
8.78.3
FY2016
15.5 8.1
FY2017
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on the publicly announced information from each company
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on the publicly announced information from each company
*Values for groups are calculated based on the non-consolidated sums of each group company
International Business
1
in the ASEAN region
2
・With global business expansion to 46 countries and regions*1, especially in Asia, and as the world’s only global non-life insurance group with a presence in all 10 ASEAN countries, the Group maintains the No. 1 presence for gross written premiums in the ASEAN region.
* 1 Excludes SLI Cayman Limited (financial services business) in the Cayman Islands
▶Positioning in non-life insurance market in ASEAN and Asian countries (FY2016)
・As the Group's U.K.-based insurance holding company, MS Amlin is a principal player as a syndicate*2 with Lloyd's of London*3, the world's most-influential insurance market, where it is ranked second (among 95 syndicates) with respect to gross written premiums
*2 *3 See Terminology P. 94
▶Lloyd’s syndicate Gross Written Premiums ranking
FY2016 Gross Written Premiums Ranking in ASEAN Countries
No.1 No.2 No.3 MS&AD Company Company
Syndicate No.
2003
2001 (MS Amlin)
4472 2987 2623 510 2999 33 4444 2007
(£ billion) 2.3
2.0
India 6th*2
Sri Lanka
Macau
Laos is shown
PR China
2nd*2
1.6 1.5
1.5 1.4
1.1 1.1 1.1
0.9
Hong Kong
Myanmar
Laos 4th*3
Taiwan 4th
11th ASEAN Countries
Thailand 5th Brunei
Philippines 4th
Singapore 1st*1
Indonesia 11th
Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on the publicly announced corporate information from each country and region (reinsurance companies excluded)
*1 Simple sum ranking for FY2016 results with First Capital
*2 Ranking for foreign-based insurance companies
*3 Because data for FY2016 was not publicly available, the FY2015 ranking for
Source: Lloyd’s Annual Report 2017
Based on gross written premiums for FY2017
No.
in gross written premiums
No.
in Lloyd's
N
Korea 18th
O
Vietnam 15th Cambodia 3rd Malaysia 3rd
Our Platform Appendix Data Section
No. 1
Net income among life insurance companies under non-life insurance groups
▶Net income of life insurance companies  under three non-life insurance groups
■ MS&AD ■ Company L ■ Company M 34.4
25.2
1 Insurance Marke3t
2
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 019

History
Past experience and lessons are the seeds
MS&AD’s Strengths: History
 of the future
  ● Greatestaccumulationofriskrelated data in Japan and the ASEAN region
● Expertiseanddataacquiredthrough experience with the large natural disasters to date
Expertise and trustworthiness supported by 125 long years of history and experience
    ● Partnershipswithleadingcompaniesin other sectors, including the Toyota Group, the Nippon Life Group, the Mitsui Group and the Sumitomo Group
● Partnershipswithinsuranceagentsand insurance brokers supported by long-standing relationships of trust
Robust customer and marketing base founded on long-term relationship building
  Past and seeds
Shin Nihon Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1920)
(established 1943)
(merged 1944) (merged 1942)
Mitsui Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (1991)
1934:
Started direct underwriting in Thailand as the first Japanese insurer
 Mitsui Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Taisho Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1918)
(merged 1941)
 Osaka Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1893)
Settsu Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1919)
Fuso Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1917)
Osaka Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. Osaka Fire, Marine & Transport Insurance Co., Ltd.
Osaka Sumitomo Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1944)
Sumitomo
Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (1954)
1976:
First in the industry to handle auto claims in an integrated manner for compulsory automobile liability insurance and automobile insurance
 Fuso Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Osaka Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Settsu
Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo
Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Otaru Cargo Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1897)
Nisshin Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1911)
Naniwa Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1910)
Toshin Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1920)
Tokyo Movable Property Fire Insurance Company (established 1918)
Fukoku Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Dai-Tokyo Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1944)
Dai-Tokyo
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
(merged 1944)
Okura Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1945)
Chiyoda
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
1959:
Reinforced the relationship with Toyota Motor Corporation
Nissay General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Okura Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
(merged 1943)
 Nihon Kyoritsu Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1913)
Chitose Fire & Marine Reinsurance Co., Ltd. (established 1920)
  Yokohama Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1897)
Kyodo Fire & Marine Insurance (established 1906)
Kobe Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1907)
Asahi Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1918)
1975:
Leading the industry as a pioneer in space insurance, such as development of third-party liability insurance for artificial satellites for the launch of KIKU, Japan's first satellite
Mitsui Mirai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Sumitomo Marine Yu-Yu Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Dai-tokyo Shiawase Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Chiyoda Kasai Ebisu Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (established 1996)
Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1942)
Dowa Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 1944)
(established 1996)
         020 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
   
  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature What the MS&AD Insurance Group is
Our Platform Appendix Data Section
● FirstJapanesenon-lifeinsurance company to enter Lloyd's insurance market in 2000
● AcquisitionofAmlin,foundedin1903*1 at the Lloyd's insurance market in 2016
110 years of experience and results in the Lloyd's insurance market
   experience lessons are the of the future
2000:
Established Lloyd's syndicate as the first Japanese insurer
Mitsui Sumitomo
Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
2005:
Acquired Taiwan-based Mingtai Fire and Marine Insurance ranked No. 2 in the Taiwanese insurance industry
2004:
Acquired the whole Asian non-life insurance business of U.K.-based Aviva (making us the largest in the ASEAN region)
2004:
Developed Pay As You Drive (PAYD) type auto insurance for Toyota cars
Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
2001:
Promoted the Life and Non-life Comprehensive Insurance Strategy using the Nissay Insurance Account as a platform
Nissay Dowa
General Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd. (inaugurated 2000)
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (merged 2001)
Mitsui Sumitomo CitiInsurance Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (started 2002)
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. established in 2008
MS&AD Insurance Group launched in 2010
MS&AD
Insurance Group Holdings
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. (inaugurated 2010)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (inaugurated 2011)
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
(name changed in 2011)
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd., and Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
became the subsidiaries of MSIGHD.
● FirstJapanesenon-lifeinsurance company to start direct underwriting in Thailand, in 1934
● Operationshaveexpandedalongwith growth in the ASEAN region, ultimately achieving the No. 1 position in the region in terms of scale
Network of trust built over a long history in the Asian region
        2013:
Started reorganization by function
2016:
Acquired U.K.-based Amlin, ranked No. 2 at the Lloyd's insurance market
2015:
Acquired U.K.-based Box Innovation Group, a leading telematics automobile insurer
2017:
Invested in ReAssure, 2 U.K.-based closed book* life insurance business
2017:
Capital participation in Challenger, the largest provider of individual annuity insurance in Australia
2017:
Acquired First Capital, ranked No. 1 in Singapore
2018:
Launched first driving behavior-based telematics auto insurance for Toyota's connected cars
                 Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd. (2005)
*1 See P. 118 for the history of Amlin (currently, MS Amlin).
*2 The closed book life insurance business is a type of life insurance whereby a company purchases and acquires
policies in force held by other life insurance companies instead of acquiring new policies on their own.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 021

 022
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Diversity
Creativity and synergies derived from diversity
MS&AD’s Strengths: Diversity Enhancing the comprehensive strengths of the Group through management that
leverages the history, culture and characteristics of each Group company
The needs of customers and demands of society constantly change as time passes. Vigilant of these changes, our diversity is a true strength that enables us to
stay one step ahead of change and serve our customers.
Responding to various needs,
from non-life insurance to life insurance, and from local communities to global scope
Health insurance
Cyber security insurance
Telematics automobile insurance
Individual annuity
Climate insurance
change risk
Diversity in products and services
Non-life insurance
Global and Community- Direct comprehensive based sales
Life insurance
Protection Asset-building type type
Other operations including financial services business and risk-related services business
Diversity in operating companies
In tune with rapid changes in society,
a wide range of products and services
cover all sorts of risks for companies and individuals
Regional revitalization
A corporate culture that respects differences and creates innovation that turns this into a strength
Ratio of overseas employees in consolidated subsidiaries
Gender composition of employees
Ratioofemployees with disabilities*
22.2%
48.9% male 51.1% female
2.37%
* Employees at the holding company and five Group domestic insurance companies
Diversity in human assets

 Diversity in partnerships
CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section What the MS&AD Insurance Group is
Diversity in global networks
Robust customer base with the largest network of agencies in Japan through leading corporate groups
and financial institutions
Toyota Group
Mitsui Group
Sumitomo Group
Nippon Life Insurance Group
Number of domestic
non-life insurance agents: 88,532
Diversity in sales channels
Biggest sales channel in the industry provides points of access anytime, anywhere via various opportunities
High-quality products and services with a strong presence in key overseas markets
Overseas consolidated subsidiaries that share our values: Total of 85 companies
Drive growth for the Group by harnessing strengths in their businesses and regions
Alliances with major global insurance companies
Tie-ups that leverage market characteristics and local needs, collaborate on digitalization
・Generali,thelargestinsurerinItaly ・Mapfre,thelargestinsurerinSpainandLatinAmerica ・AXA, the largest insurer in France ・Fairfax, a major insurance and financial group with global reach
Automobile sales dealers and motor channels
Financial institutions
Digital / mobile
Partner companies
Professional insurance agents
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 023

 Innovation
Realizing growth in tune with the times
MS&AD’s Strengths: Innovation Providing innovative products and services in tune with changes in society
The MS&AD Insurance Group has been providing products and services that satisfy customer needs in a constantly changing society. We continue to create innovative risk solutions by staying one step ahead of changes in the social landscape and changes in the mindsets and lifestyles of our customers.
Frameworks Sensitive to Changes in Society
   Silicon Valley
Industry-academia collaboration
     Fund of Funds
Net Service Ventures Group
Acquire ideas and digital technologies through investments in NSV, a diversified investment fund that invests in several venture capital firms
Corporate Venture Capital
Pursue joint development with start-ups through venture investments
Shiga University
Big Data
Saitama Kanagawa Prefecture Prefecture
Tokyo
Denki University
RobiZy
Gunma University
Self-driving cars
        MS&AD Garage
Develop an environment that helps employees at Group companies in Japan and overseas to make business trips to identify advanced technologies and services in Silicon
Valley
Practical Example
Trading company
Manufacturer
The University of Tokyo
Shibaura Institute of Technology
  Group companies around the world
   Osaka University
Healthcare
Disaster prediction based on climate change
  Osaka University’s Cross-Innovation Initiative
    Change in society
Group strengths
Japan’s first mileage-linked car insurance “PAYD*1" launched
Established telematics
car insurance services company, Toyota Insurance Management Solutions USA, LLC (TIMS) in the U.S. in cooperation with Toyota Motor
Develop telematics services business
April 2018
Advances in telematics technology and upheaval in new mobility
Partnership with Toyota Motor
Sharing economy
Tie-up with Grab (Asia) Investment in MaaS Global (Europe)
        April 2016
Launched “Connected Car Insurance,” based on Toyota Motor’s T-Connect, as an evolved form of ”PAYD*1”
Released Japan’s first “PHYD*2” type telematics car insurance
       March 2015
Data communications network provider
April 2015
Vehicle operation data, etc.
Data needed to calculate insurance premiumsand provideservices
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
 Company-approved car navigation systems
Company-approved data communication module (DCM)
    April 2004
   024
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Acquired Insure The Box Limited, a leading telematics car insurance company in the U.K.
Customers
*1 Pay As You Drive *2 Pay How You Drive
Enjoy
Benefit
Protect
        
  Sustainability
Always align with society
MS&AD’s Strengths: Sustainability Helping improve the sustainability of society through partnerships
The MS&AD Insurance Group is strengthening various business initiatives in line with its aim for a “resilient and sustainable society.”
CEO Message Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
What the MS&AD Insurance Group is
      Practical Example: Providing safety and peace of mind
Identify and inform on risks
Prevent risks from occurring/ minimize the impact
Reduce the economic burden
Support
Corporate Management
Risk management
● Natural capital risk in supply chains
● Climate change risk in business activities
● BCP proliferation initiatives Risk surveys and
communication
With an eye on the future, we notify about risks to sustainability and help solve these risks.
Risk management journal quarterly published by MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute &
Participation in Initiatives to Create a Framework for Pursuing Sustainability
Support for
Local Governments
Initiatives for regional revitalization through partnership agreements
The Group advances initiatives for regional revitalization through partnerships with local governments, municipalities, local commerce groups and local financial institutions. Across the entire group, we have formed 306*1 partnerships to provide risk assistance and consulting for regional revitalization.
Partnership-based revitalization support market
*1 As of May 31, 2018. Simple total for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Supporting Businesses and Livelihoods
Insurance and services for companies
   Consulting and insurance for cyber risk
●
● Weather derivatives utilizing
satellite data
● “Kokokaradiary” smartphone app
for helping companies with health management and employees with getting heathier
Insurance and services for individuals
● “Connected Car Insurance,” a PHYD
automobile insurance that encourages
eco-driving
● “ASHITA NO YOROKOBI,” a tontine-type
annuity*2 that supports people who live
long lives
● “Karada-Care Navi,” an information
service that encourages healthy lifestyles
*2 See the “Special Feature” section (P. 63) and the “Glossary of Insurance
       Consulting, Inc.
Terminology” section (P. 96) for details)
   Corporate
Governance Compact in 2004 and has participated in its administration as a director of Global Compact Network Japan.
We engage in corporate activities that refer to the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact, encompassing human rights,
labor, and the environment. As a domestic financial institution, MS&AD initially declared its support of the UN Global
   Economy
As a member of the United Nations Environment Programme, Finance Initiatives (UNEP FI), MS&AD participated in the formulation of the Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI). We aim to improve the sustainability of society through insurance and financial services that follow these principles.
Society
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance promotes disaster prevention and reduction using natural resources, as well as regional revitalization, by participating in working group (WG) activities with the Resilience Japan Association, which engages in initiatives for disaster prevention and mitigation with industry, academia, governments and private sector (Green Resilience WG).
  Environment
As the company heading the Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity (JBIB) since its establishment in 2008, MS&AD has worked to spread awareness of biodiversity activities among companies. We are the only non-life insurer in Japan to have signed the UN Natural Capital Declaration.
See the Company’s official website for more details about these initiatives. https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr/summary/initiative.html
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 025
Who We Are

MS&AD’s Path to Realizing Our Image of Society
The MS&AD Insurance Group is on the verge of creating a world-leading insurance and financial services group, a medium-term vision that the Group has pursued since it came into existence, through the story of value creation with its customers, shareholders and other stakeholders.
When formulating the new medium-term management plan that began in fiscal 2018, the Group set forth the goal of “a resilient and sustainable society” as its image of society in 2030.
The MS&AD Insurance Group will continue creating shared value through its corporate activities, to sustain development and earn the broad support of stakeholders in society.
    New Frontier 2013
(FY2010–FY2013)
Founding of the Group
The MS&AD Insurance Group was founded with the mission of “contributing to the development of a vibrant society and helping secure a sound future for the planet”
▶ Improve profitability in the domestic non-life insurance business
▶ Ensure financial soundness
Next Challenge 2017
(FY2014–FY2017)
Development of the
Story of Value Creation
Advance Group integration based on the story of value creation and realizing our mission
▶ Enhance earning power in the domestic non-life insurance business
▶ Improve capital efficiency
Restore profitability in the domestic non-life insurance business, the biggest issue since Group business integration, and establish a stable earnings foundation
Reduce strategic equity holdings while investing in the international business to improve capital efficiency and build a platform for growth
Vision 2021
(FY2018–FY2021)
Development of management based on CSV*
Realize sustainable growth creating shared value through corporate activities
*CSV: Creating Shared Value
▶ Achieve medium-term aspirations
▶ Build resilient systems that can respond to changes in the environment
Building a foundation for the next stage and creating a world-leading insurance and financial services group based on our Vision
     026 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Medium-term aspirations
(A world-leading insurance and ) financial services group)
Scale
Capital efficiency
Financial soundness
Portfolio diversity
Risk assets
Profitability
Within the top 10 non-life insurance groups in the world
Group Adjusted ROE 10%
ESR 180% - 220%
50% (profit basis) in other than the domestic non-life insurance business
Strategic equity holdings below 30% of integrated risk amount and below 10% of consolidated total assets
Combined ratio in the domestic non-life insurance business stable at 95% or less
          
  CEO Message
Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
Image of Society in 2030
“Resilient and sustainable society”
  Resilient
Unforeseen event
Rapid change
Able to respond to unforeseen circumstances
Sustainable
Economy
Win-win-win relationship among the economy, environment and society instead of trade-offs
Balance of economy, environment and society
Image of Society in 2030
       MS&AD’s Role
Examples of Initiatives for Seven Key Issues
Society
Environ- ment
       Safer mobility society
● Provide products and services with mechanisms that help prevent accidents (safe driving assistance with telematics)
● Provide products and services for the next-generation mobility society
● Continue initiatives for traffic safety
Leave no one behind
● R&D in insurance and financial services that help support primary industries and low-income families in developing countries
● Support the creation of government-managed insurance systems in developing countries
● ●
Strive for resilient community development
● Support regional revitalization to create vibrant communities
● Promote disaster prevention and mitigation using natural capital (Green Resilience)
Good health and longevity
Provide products and services that support a healthy, long life
Provide products and services that can contribute to the development of advanced medicine and regenerative medical treatment
Deal with new risks
● Create a business model that changes anticipated emerging risks into opportunities
● Provide products and services that respond to new risks such as cyber and new lifestyles
Climate change mitigation and adaptation
● Enhance preparedness for large-scale climate disasters
● Provide products and services that assist the penetration of renewable energy
● Compensate for climate risks
           ● ●
Improve the sustainability of natural capital
Provide services for risk evaluation of natural capital
Implement activities to preserve biodiversity (Ramsar Supporters), and to regenerate tropical forests in Indonesia
  * See the “Special Feature” section (PP. 60-66) for more details.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 027
Our Way
    
  Medium-Term Management Plan ー Reviewing the previous plans since the Group's founding
Under “New Frontier 2013,” the Group’s first management plan that had begun in 2010, we steadily deployed initiatives geared toward returning the domestic non-life insurance business to profitability, which had presented the biggest challenge. While also making progress with Group business integration, including the building of common platform systems for the domestic non-life insurance business, we clarified the shape of Group business integration as a result of reorganization by function in 2013.
New Frontier 2013 (FY2010-FY2013)
             ● On account of greater-than-expected losses due to large-scale natural disasters, including the Great East Japan Earthquake and floods in Thailand in 2011, the Group Core Profit target for FY2013 was revised downward in November 2011.
Group ROE
Consolidated Net Premiums Written
Annualized Premiums of Policies in Force (life insurance)*
* Figures for MSI Aioi Life (excluding group insurance). The figure for FY2010 is the total for MSI Kirameki Life and Aioi Life.
(¥ billion)
● Steady progress was being made in achieving the revised target, but in the fourth quarter of the last year of the plan (February 2014), greater-than- normal snow in the Kanto Koshinetsu region caused massive damage, and the Company missed the targets for the Group Core Profit and Group ROE.
                Plan to reduce strategic equity holdings ¥300.0 billion
¥376.4 billion
125.5%
 (%)
200
150
100
201%
195% 196%*2 181%
(¥ billion)
Establishment of Financial Soundness
Even if a natural disaster that caused all-time high amounts of damage was to occur, the target level for financial soundness has been secured.
Solidification of Earning Power of
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Stably achieved a combined ratio of 95% or less, set new profit record
(%)
116.4% 120 105.1%
 Target level: 200%
183% 157%
144%140%
2010 2011 2012 2013
300
103.6%
115.8% 101.0% 96.6% 93.4% 203.1 94.1% 100
   200 100
102.9% 102.1% 98.2% 96.0% Underwriting profit (before
reflecting catastrophe reserves) 60.1 W/P combined ratio
E/I combined ratio
92.6% 92.8% 91.6% 91.4%
  125.6 133.9 80 0 60
      2014
2015
2016
2017 (Fiscal year-end)
-100 -83.7
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
*1 ESR: Economic Solvency Ratio = Net Asset Value ÷ Integrated Risk Amount
*2 Although we are working on a more sophisticated method for calculating ESR from the current fiscal year, this figure is based on the calculation method used up to FY2017
(see the “Group Management Based on ERM” section (PP. 38–39) for details). 028 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
-44.9 -39.1 -329.5
Group Core Profit 14.5 (87.5) 87.4
FY2010 FY2011 FY2012 Results Results Results
2,541.4
4.1
1.8
1.9
0.8%
278.0
(5.6%)
2,558.8
4.3
(112.3)
0.7
294.7
2,639.4
9.8
13.5
2.0
5.0%
317.4
24.4
18.0
2,809.5
4.4
4.5%
333.5
FY2013
 Results Initialtargets Revisedtargets
94.8 150.0 110.0
   Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business   Domestic Life Insurance Business
  International Business
  Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business
6.5
19.7
61.9
47.8
100.0
15.0
30.0
2,700.0
5.0
7%
330.0
60.0
15.0
30.0
2,700.0
5.0
7%
330.0
  FY2011-FY2013 (three years)
Plan Actual Achievement ratio
  Achieved 1
Achieved 2
  ESR*1 Underwriting Profit and Combined Ratio

  CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
“Next Challenge 2017” was positioned as the stage for solidifying the progress made in business integration while continuing to advance reorganization by function. Having restored profitability in the domestic non-life insurance business, a stable earnings foundation was put in place. We also worked to improve capital efficiency and diversified the business portfolio by instilling ERM as the foundation of management, accelerating the sale of strategic equity holdings and investing in overseas businesses. We reached the point where the realization of a “world-leading insurance and financial services group,” which we had adopted as an aspiration in the medium term, was in sight.
Next Challenge 2017 (FY2014-FY2017)
             In FY2017, which was the final year of the plan, international business profits declined sharply, and the Group Core Profit and Group ROE targets were missed on account of the large-scale natural disasters (including hurricanes in North America) that occurred and amounted to the greatest ever in the history of non-life insurance.
Group ROE*1
Consolidated Net Premiums Written Combined Ratio (Domestic Non-Life Insurance) Increase in EV*2 of MSI Aioi Life
In contrast, the domestic non-life insurance business set a new profit record and formed the foundation of the Group’s stable earnings.
Despite the occurrence of the high severity events, the Group’s ESR was maintained at roughly the target level, and the establishment of financial soundness confirmed.
(¥ billion)
  Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business   Domestic Life Insurance Business
  International Business
  Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business
FY2014 Results
92.4
20.4
38.2
2,940.7
96.0%
4.6
5.9%
59.7
91.9
25.0
27.9
3,078.9
91.6%
(52.0)
2.6
5.2%
FY2015
147.5 120.0
76.0
13.0
27.0
3,000.0
4.0
5.4%
95%
40.0 or more
FY2016 Results
25.1
34.6
0.5
7.9%
3,406.9
92.6%
198.4
FY2017
Results Initialtargets Revisedtargets
105.0 160.0 220.0
 Group Core Profit 155.7
Results Initial targets
213.7
 153.3
190.1
34.3
(125.0)
92.8%
5.6
3.7%
3,446.9
41.3
100.0
16.0
39.0
95% or below
45.0 or more
6.0
7.0%
3,100.0
135.0
15.0
66.0
3,570.0
93% range
50.0 or more
5.0
7.5%
                  *1 The definitions for Adjusted Profit and Adjusted ROE identified as numerical management targets have been revised under the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021.” See P. 32 for FY2017 actual data under the new definitions.
*2 “EV” stands for embedded value (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section (P. 92) for details.) Plan to reduce strategic equity holdings
 Actual sales to FY2016 Actual sales in FY2017 Period total
¥405.1 billion ¥151.3 billion ¥556.6 billion
*In November 2015, the plan to reduce was raised from ¥300 billion to ¥500 billion.
Promotion of ERM
Ensured soundness, improved profitability and put in place a Group management foundation that realizes capital efficiency
Completion of reorganization by function
Progress also made in areas other than those originally planned.
Domestic non-life insurance companies reduced their business
expenses by around ¥60.0 billion, which exceeded the original (%) target, and concurrently achieved growth and increased efficiency. 8
Revised plan to reduce*
¥500.0 billion
Achievement ratio
111.3%
Improve Capital Efficiency
ROE rose to approximately 8% in FY2016, but suffered a decline in FY2017 due to the occurrence of the large-scale natural disasters
Ongoing tasks toward targeted 10% level
  Achieved 3
Ongoing Tasks
3
   Achieved 4
ROE
6.4% 5.2% 5.2%
7.9% 7.8%
5.5% 3.7%
 6 Portfolio Diversification 4
Regional diversification from domestic to overseas, business 2 investment to diversify business from non-life insurance business to 0 lifeinsurancebusiness -2 Ongoing tasks toward achievement of targeted international
business profit ratio of 50% -4 Enhance Ability to Respond to -6
5.0% 4.5% 4.8%
5.9%
    Ongoing Tasks
1
 0.8% 0.4%
2010
4.4%
        Ongoing Tasks
2
Environmental Changes
-8 -10 -12
-5.6% -10.9%
Group ROE
ROE (financial accounting basis)
 Adoption of new technologies, the conducting of all kinds of demonstration experiments and research through industry-academia cooperation, etc., to respond to the digital society
Ongoing tasks toward further quality and productivity improvements
2011
2012
2013
2014 2015 2016
2017 (FY)
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 029
Our Way

 Risks and Opportunities
When formulating "Vision 2021," we reassessed the business environment surrounding the Group and identified noteworthy risks within the context of four social issues, as well as growth opportunities for the Group.
  Recognition of the Business Environment
Society
● Increase in natural disasters such as wind and flood damage and major earthquakes
● Expansion of regional conflicts
● Expansion of the "sharing economy"
● Expansion and consolidation of disparities such as that between poverty and wealth
● Increase in momentum of global-scale initiatives aimed at resolving social issues
● Aging populations around the world
● Decrease in total population, advancement of
regional depopulation
● Economic expansion and its recoil associated with Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics
Politics
● Change in regulatory environments inside and outside Japan (stricter capital regulations, consumption tax hike and revisions to Civil Code in Japan)
● Britain’s exit from the European Union (Brexit) / rise of protectionism and populism
● Legalization of human rights protections, tougher decarbonization and other ESG regulations
● Introduction of systems that encourage long-term investing (Corporate Governance Code, Stewardship Code, etc.)
Economy
● U.S. interest rate hikes and capital outflows from emerging nations
● Progress of ESG investment
● Expansion of infrastructure demand in developing
countries
● Decrease in car sales and number of vehicles owned, housing construction in Japan due to shrinking population
● Increase in foreign visitors to Japan Technology
● Progress of advanced digital technology such as AI and increasingly sophisticated cyber attacks
● Advances in new automobile technologies (e.g., automatic braking, autonomous driving)
● Advances in regenerative medical technologies
● Progress of clean energy technologies
● Threat of Big Data monopoly
● Advances in welfare and nursing care robots
Four Social Issues
Diversified/
large-scale accidents and disasters
Global environment approaching the limit
Mounting burden of nursing/ medical care
associated with the aging population
Decline in social vitality due
to widening
inequalities
Issues related to management foundations
Growing demands on companies by society
                  030 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
       
 Our Way
 ● Increase in scale and frequency of damage caused by large-scale natural catastrophes
● Erosion of business environment foundation due to depletion of natural capital
● Softening in reinsurance market (e.g., for major natural disasters) due to capital inflows from asset manage- ment market
 ● Maturation of domestic insurance markets (slower growth)
● Increase in automobile accidents caused by elderly drivers
● Need to change solicitation methods as policyholders age
● Potential for slower growth in emerging country markets due to capital outflows and social instability
● Contraction in rural markets due to advancement of regional depopula- tion
 CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
Based on this perception of the environment, and in light of performance during previous medium-term management plans, MS&AD has identified six issues to address under "Vision 2021," and formulated basic strategies, key strategies and strategies for each business domain.
Through initiatives based on these strategies, we aim to realize sustainable growth and enhance corporate value while contributing to the resolution of these four social issues.
   Risks
● Changes in the nature of existing businesses (e.g., conventional automobile insurance), possibility of contraction
● Tougher competition in shrinking markets (direct non-life insurance market, bank over-the-counter life insurance market, etc.)
● Emergence of new risks that require strengthening of risk management as a result of innovation, such as digitaliza- tion and regenerative medical treatment
Opportunities
● Creation of new markets from emergence of new risks
(new technological development risk, cyber risk, regenerative medicine-related risk, etc.)
● Emergence of new business models (telematics insurance, InsurTech, etc.)
● Possible emergence of new sales channels
● Growingneedsforadviceaboutclimate change risk and natural capital risk
● Needsfornewinsurancearisingfromgrowth in new businesses related to decarbonization and resource efficiency
● Development of new insurance schemes to compensate for loss caused by large-scale natural catastrophes
● IncreaseinnewESG-friendlyasset management products, such as Green Bonds
● Emergenceofnewcustomerneedsinanaging society, such as risk associated with living longer and transferring assets to the next generation
● Increaseinneedsformedicalinsurancedueto changes in the social security system and advances in medical technology
● Strongerdemandforinsuranceduetothe development of emerging economies and a growing middle class
● Strongerneedsforservicesthatsupport regional revitalization
● Increase opportunities for constructive dialogue with stakeholders from a long-term perspective, and reinforce the management foundation with this feedback
Vision 2021 Issues and Strategies
     Six issues
Universal issue
Strategies
Concept of “Vision 2021” (= business development
based on CSV)
  1
Harmony with society
  Unsolved issues from previous medium-term management plan
2 Improve capital efficiency
vis-à-vis global competitors
3 Change
the business
portfolio
4 Improve responsiveness
to changes in the environment
Issues for further strengthening
Pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths
(key strategy 1)
Strategies for each business domain
Group management based on
 ERM
Reform portfolio (key strategy 3)
Promote digitalization (key strategy 2)
       ● Uncoupling of demands from stakeholders for creating shared value with society
● Persistent demands for improvement in ROE and reduction in strategic equity holdings
● Stricter assessment standards for soundness of financial institutions
5 Harness diversity better as a
Group strength
Maintain and expand 6 the domestic
non-life insurance business’s advantages in scale and profitability
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 031

  New Medium-Term Management Plan: Vision 2021 Vision 2021 (FY2018-FY2021)
Numerical Management Targets
The MS&AD Insurance Group has set numerical management targets for fiscal 2021, namely Group Adjusted Profit of ¥350 billion and Group Adjusted ROE of 10%, as the level necessary to attain its medium-term aspirations.
In addition, we have created the Sustainability Medium-Term Plan and will monitor non-financial indicators.
With an eye on the adoption of IFRS, MS&AD has changed the definition of targeted Adjusted Profit and Adjusted ROE as follows.
       Financial Targets
(¥ billion)
           Consolidated net premiums written
Life insurance premiums (Gross premiums)
EEV of MSI Aioi Life
Sales Target of Strategic Equity Holdings
Group Adjusted Profit and Group Adjusted ROE
          (¥ billion) 500
   400
   300
   200
   100
Group Adjusted Profit
Group Adjusted ROE
10.0% (%) 10.0
350.0 8.0 6.0
4.0
2.0
    6.4% 201.0
8.5%
270.0
8.3%
273.0
Definition of Group Adjusted Profits and Group Adjusted ROE
Group Adjusted Profit
     00
Results FY2018 FY2019 FY2021 (FY) Forecast Targets Targets
 032 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
  Group Adjusted Profit
Domestic non-life insurance business (Excluded gains/losses on sale of strategic equity holdings)
  Domestic life insurance business
  International business
Financial services business/ Risk-related services business
Group Adjusted ROE
ESR(Economic Solvency Ratio)
Total sales target (FY2017-2021)
Risk weight to integrated risk amount (before risk diversification effect)
Fair value weight in consolidated total assets
FY2017 Results (Converted to new standards)
201.0
287.8 (202.4)
32.6
(125.0)
5.6
6.4%
3,446.9
1,508.1
835.5
211%
FY2018 FY2019 FY2021 Forecast Targets Targets
270.0
207.0 (166.0)
22.0
37.0
3,480.0
1,496.8
4.0
8.5%
865.0
201%
273.0
174.0 (139.0)
28.0
66.0
3,530.0
1,540.0
5.0
8.3%
970.0
180%~220%
¥500.0 billion
Less than 30%
Less than 10%
350.0
182.0 (142.0)
45.0
117.0
  10.0%
3,710.0
1,600.0
1,050.0
6.0
     Group Adjusted ROE
  Adjusted net assets

 Our Way
 A Resilient and Sustainable Society
  Indicator
Development and improvement of products for creating shared value with society
Quality that earns the trust of society
Creating Shared Value with Society (CSV Initiatives)
 Fiscal 2017 Achievements
● Special Feature (PP. 60-66)
● MS&AD Sustainability Report 2018
Group Targets for Fiscal 2018 Onward
    Indicators Fiscal 2017 Group Targets for (related pages) Achievements Fiscal 2018 Onward
  Customer satisfaction survey about payment of insurance claims
Quality improvement (P. 45, P. 76)
 Customer satisfaction survey about insurance contract procedures
95.2%
96.3%
  Reduction of environmental burden (P. 45)
 CO2 emission reduction rate
Total energy consumption
Paper consumption
1,017,853 GJ (-28.1%)
-6.8%
11,085 t (-14.8%)
Management platforms
that enable employees to play active roles
  Indicators Fiscal 2017 Group Targets for (related pages) Achievements Fiscal 2018 Onward
  Diversity & inclusion (P. 45, PP. 74-75)
   Health management (P. 46, PP. 74-75)
 Provisions*3 for catastrophe loss reserve and others*2
4.4 points
16.0 days
20,022 people
58.0%
   Catastrophe loss reserves and others*2
Goodwill and other intangible fixed assets
 CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
   KPIs in the Sustainability Medium-Term Plan (Key Non-Financial Indicators)
     For the seven key issues (P. 13), decide on four methods of approach and periodically ascertain progress qualitatively.
Four methods of approach
  Provision of products and services Research and policy recommendations
Initiatives supporting CSV
Investments and financing Contributions to society
   Key related SDGs
     The same level or higher compared to the previous year
The same level or higher compared to the previous year
Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% by 2020 and by 70% by 2050 versus base year (fiscal 2009)
Equal or greater than the previous year
Share of management positions occupied by women
Employee satisfaction ("working vigorously")
9.9%
Plan to create target in FY2018
The same level of higher compared to the previous year
 4.3 points
Key monitoring indicators other than sustainability KPIs
             Key related SDGs
Consolidated net income
Consolidated net assets*1
● Number and ratio of global employees Employee satisfaction
"Pride, job satisfaction"
The number of annual paid holidays taken
Ratio of taking fully paid paternity/secondary leave
Number of employees participating in social contribution activities
Key related SDGs
Other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed
assets and others)
● Ratio of employees with disabilities The same level or higher
compared to the previous year
The same level or higher compared to the previous year
The same level or higher compared to the previous year
The same level or higher compared to the previous year
Equity in earnings of the non-consolidated Group companies
    * Parts enclosed in rectangles indicate changes to replace Group Core Profit and Group ROE, targets from the previous medium-term management plan * Each adjustment amount is on after-tax basis. *1 Excluding non-controlling interests and stock acquisition rights, *2 Catastrophe reserves, contingency reserves and reserve for price fluctuation of domestic non-life insurance business and MSA Life, * 3 Subtraction in case of reversal
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 033

 Vision 2021
Basic Strategies and Three Key Strategies
With work environments that enable employees to play active roles, the MS&AD Insurance Group aims to offer quality that earns the trust of its customers while flexibly adapting to changes in the environment and maximizing Group resources.
In addition, we aim to realize sustainable growth and enhance corporate value by working to increase profitability and capital efficiency while ensuring soundness with ERM.
By steadily implementing basic strategies and three key strategies being tied up with basic strategies, we are poised to achieve our medium-term aspirations, which have entered the realization phase.
 Aspirations during Medium-Term Plan
Become a world-leading insurance and financial services group Create resilient systems that can swiftly respond to changes in environment
 ● By employing the Group’s resources to the maximum, we will realize sustainable growth and enhance corporate value.
● We will pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths, one of which is diversity, and meet the expectations of customers and other stakeholders.
● We will respond flexibly to changes in the environment and further improve quality and productivity.
 Basic Strategies
   Key strategy 1
Pursue Group’s comprehensive strengths
P. 35
 Key strategy
2
Promote digitalization
P. 36
 Key strategy 3
Reform portfolio P. 37
  Quality that earns the trust of society P. 76
Management platforms that enable employees to play active roles
P. 74
Management platforms
ERM P. 38
   034 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
Vision 2021 Key Strategy 1
Pursue Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
The MS&AD Insurance Group will enhance its competitiveness while responding to rapid changes in an uncertain environment by making the most of the Group’s greatest strength̶diversity.
Under “Vision 2021,” we aim to improve quality and business efficiency by reviewing the division of roles and strengthening cooperation within the Group, and further advance reorganization by function that was accomplished under the previous medium-term business plan, “Next Challenge 2017.”
2
  1
Maximize Group’s strengths (diversity, capital, human assets, customer base, etc.)
Review division of roles and strengthen cooperation among group companies
 3
Promote standardization and sharing (standardization of products and operating procedures, joint claims services system, joint development of health and medical products and services)
   Strengthening cooperation, standardization and sharing
●Deepen cross-selling* of life and non-life
●Joint development of health and medical products and services, etc.
●Sharing and enhancement of asset management expertise, etc.
Domestic
life insurance business companies
●Strengthen cooperation among Group domestic life insurance companies
●Sharing of MSI Primary Life’s high-quality expertise in education and training, etc.
Domestic non-life insurance business companies
●Shared products and operating procedures
●Release joint claims services system, etc.
Initiatives to pursue the Group’s comprehensive
strengths
Review the division of roles and strengthen cooperation
●Centralization of back-office operations, etc.
Review the division of roles and strengthen cooperation
●Standardization and consolidation of back-office operations
●Joint development of health and medical products and services, etc.
     Affiliated operating companies
  *See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section (P. 92) for details. INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 035
Our Way

 036
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Vision 2021 Key Strategy 2
Promote Digitalization
Rapid advances in digital technology have led to dramatic changes in lifestyles and business models. It is now possible to do what was previously unthinkable.
With the CDO (Chief Digitalization Officer) playing a central role, the entire MS&AD Insurance Group is working on “digitalization*1” and connecting it to a transformation of our entire businesses. We aim to enhance the value of customer experience when they contact individual Group companies, and improve the business productivity of the MS&AD Group at the same time.
Objectives
Enhance the value of customer experience Improve business productivity
Reform business processes
Enhance use of data
Europe
● Increase business efficiency with RPA*2, AI, data analytics, etc.
● Strengthen customer contact through the introduction of blockchain technology for marine insurance
Japan, other
MS&AD Group companies
● Automate business processes with RPA
Promotion Measures
Enhance channel competitiveness
Promotional Platforms Reform systems
ASEAN
MSIG Holdings(Asia)
● Create seamless user experience for the connected customers of today through innovation and digitalization by utilizing RPA, AI, and blockchain in the largest retail market in MS&AD's international business
Digitalize products and services
Foster Group culture
U.S.
● Invest in fund of funds
● Establish CVC (Corporate Venture Capital) ● Implement MS&AD Garage Program
* See the “MS&AD’s Strengths: Innovation” section (P. 24) for an outline of each initiative.
MS Amlin
Silicon Valley Project
Japan
● Strengthen customer contacts using digital technology
● Provide products and services that promote health and productivity management by using wearable devices
● Develop automobile insurance that uses telematics technology, etc.
Robotics
Silicon Valley
Healthcare
Digital Tech.
Telematics
● Use AI to help agents with customer support
*1 “Digitalization”: An initiative to not only improve the efficiency and convenience of processes and services through digital technology, but also lead the reform of the Group’s overall business.
*2 RPA (Robotic Process Automation): Using cutting-edge software, automated robotic processes perform work on PCs instead of people.
Data Analytics

  CEO Message Who We Are Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
Vision 2021 Key Strategy 3 Reform Portfolio
The MS&AD Insurance Group’s current earnings structure is dependent on the domestic non-life insurance business. We are transforming our earnings structure into one able to steadily generate profits by working to increase geographic and business diversification in the international business and the life insurance business.
Moreover, the Group’s risk portfolio currently has a high ratio of risk in strategic equity holdings, which cause high exposure to fluctuations in share prices. We will continue reducing strategic equity holdings in a bid to transform into a more stable risk portfolio.
Reform business portfolio (geographic and business diversification)
  Goals
 Future initiatives
   Medium-term goals Future aspiration
50% of profits to come from businesses other than the domestic non-life insurance business
50% of profits to come from international business
● Expand domestic life insurance business by increasing cross-selling of life and non-life insurance
● Strengthen existing international business by aggressively investing management resources
● Invest in businesses inside and outside Japan (new and growth)
   ■ Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings) ■ Domestic Life Insurance Business
■ International Business
■ Financial services business/ End of fiscal 2021 (goal)
Future aspiration
  Risk-related services business 2%
¥6 billion
  End of fiscal 2015*
50% 46%
 ¥117 billion 38% 14%
  *At starting point of the portfolio reform
Reform risk portfolio
● Exercise appropriate risk control based on cycle management of natural catastrophe risks.
● Continue reduction of strategic equity holdings and keep weighting vs. consolidated total assets to less than 10% and weighting vs. risk amount to less than 30%.
Fair value weight of strategic equity holdings in consolidated total assets*
Risk Portfolio
■ Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (insurance underwriting)
■ Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (asset management: strategic equity holdings)
■ Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (asset management: other than strategic equity holdings)
■ Domestic Life Insurance Business (insurance underwriting)
■ Domestic Life Insurance Business (asset management)
■ International business
30% or less 40.5%
¥45 billion
¥142 billion
(excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings of ¥40.0 billion)
 32.7%
 March 31, 2014
 March 31, 2018
 Medium- to long-term target
 14.9% 12.7%
10% or less
2017 2021 (FY) (Target)
 2013
 * Weight of all strategic equity holdings including unlisted stocks
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 037
Our Way

 Vision 2021
Group Management Based on ERM
The function of ERM (Enterprise Risk Management) is to control the balance among three key management indicators: profit (return), risk and capital. The MS&AD Insurance Group promoted ERM as a driver in the previous medium-term management plan, “Next Challenge 2017,” establishing a platform for Group management.
Under the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021,” MS&AD will push forward with initiatives to improve profitability and capital efficiency, while ensuring soundness, and base Group management on the ERM cycle.
Function and Role of ERM
● ERM requires measuring net asset value (capital) and risk amount, and maintaining a balance between capital and risk.
In particular, because fluctuations of financial markets, etc., cause changes in capital and risk, it is important to maintain soundness based on understanding of those situations.
● From a Groupwide perspective, risk must be quantitatively and qualitatively identified and properly managed.
From the standpoint of effectively deploying capital, ERM requires to maximize returns while increasing risk-taking in existing businesses and seeking diversification in terms of geography and risk categories.
 Make internal and external investments for sustainable profit growth
Profit (return)
Balance
Soundness
Ensure ESR*1 of 180%-220% (= appropriate level)
    Capital efficiency
Group Adjusted ROE level of 10%
Capital
Control capital on the assumption of stably ensuring an appropriate level
Profitability
Achieve fiscal year targets for ROR and VA
Risk
Control risk amount based on risk appetite policy
           038
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
*1 ESR: Economic Solvency Ratio (economic value-based solvency ratio) = NAV / integrated risk amount

  CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Indicators Emphasized in ERM
×1
Add value by underwriting risk
Where we are heading
 Capital efficiency
 Group Adjusted ROE
=
Return (Group Adjusted Profit) Capital (adjusted net assets*2)
   Profitability (return on risk)
Return (Group Adjusted Profit) Return (Group Adjusted Profit) – ROR Risk (integrated risk amount*3) VA risks (integrated risk amount) x
cost of capital (%)
    Soundness
ESR
Capital (NAV*4)
Risk (integrated risk amount)
*2 NAV used to calculate Group Adjusted ROE is equal to consolidated net assets plus catastrophe reserves and others minus goodwill and other intangible fixed assets.
*3 Integrated risk amount represents the maximum amount of losses and total value of associated insurance payments that are likely to be encountered once in 200 years. It is marked to market value.
*4 Net asset value is an indicator used as a management buffer to enable thorough net asset management. In addition to adjusted net assets, it includes such items as unrealized insurance liabilities, other equity liabilities, etc.
 ● ESR is an indicator of capital adequacy with respect to the risk amount.
● Risk amounts are calculated based on the statistical quantifica- tion of risks of losses and price fluctuations associated with businesses and asset portfolios, and the integrated risk amount represents the total amount of risk assumed by the Group as a whole. The Group uses a probability of once in 200 years for estimating the probability of loss amounts.
● Starting with the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021,” a more sophisticated formula is used to calculate ESR, following the integration of after-tax value of taxable items and changes to the method of weighing risks from natural disasters in Japan.
● Aiming to ensure financial soundness equivalent to an AA rating, based on the new formula, MS&AD prepares capital roughly equivalent to double the losses that would be incurred statistically by a once-in-200-year event with ESR at an appropriate level of 180%-220%. (For ESR trends, see the “Medium-Term Management Plan--Reviewing the previous plans since the Group's founding” section (P. 28).)
ROR (Return on Risk)
●ROR is an indicator that expresses how much profit can be obtained with respect to the subject risks assumed.
●To assume risk, it is necessary to secure capital that balances that risk. Consequently, in business where ROR is high (in other words, business where profit is large relative to the risk assumed), the profit that can be earned is large relative to the capital necessary.
ESR (March 31, 2018)  NAV
 Integrated risk amoun
(¥ billion)
+15 pt (1,000.0) (800.0)
ESR (Economic Solvency Ratio)
 Enhancement of calculation method for ESR
(1)NAV
● Application of after-tax value of taxable items
● Changes in insurance liabilities associated with the enhancement of measurement method of the natural catastrophe risk amount in Japan
(2)Integrated risk amount
● Deductionoftax,reductioneffectsassociatedwiththemanifestationof
risks from the integrated risk amount
● Enhancementofthemeasurementmethodofdomesticnatural catastrophe risks and asset management risks
     Before change
196%
5,800.0
t 3,000.0
After change
211%
4,800.0
2,200.0
Impact
         VA (Value Added)
●Value Added (VA) indicates how much value can be generated with respect to the risks assumed.
●While ROR (Return on Risk) indicates the rate of return that can be obtained with respect to the risks assumed, VA is an indicator of absolute value.
Capital cost: 7%
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 039
Our Way
=

 We aim to enhance corporate value by pursuing an optimal balance among financial soundness, capital efficiency and shareholder returns.
Director, Executive Vice President, CFO
Shiro Fujii
   S&P Moody’s A.M. Best R&I JCR
 New Frontier 2013
 Financial and Capital Strategy
Financial Position
ESR is 211% and will be maintained at an appropriate level for continuing the current capital strategy.
  The MS&AD Insurance Group’s basic financial strategy is to create a financial foundation that will sustain growth and improve corporate value. To realize this strategy, the Group has appropri- ate capital and financial policies in place for improving capital efficiency while ensuring financial soundness, centered on ERM.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the MS&AD Insurance Group reported net income attributable to owners of the parent of ¥154.0 billion, which is 37% lower than initially
Financial Soundness
forecast due to unprecedented insured losses arising from hurricanes in North America and other natural disasters. Group Core Profit totaled ¥105.1 billion, ROE was 5.5% on financial accounting terms and Group ROE came to 3.7%.
Nonetheless, ESR* was maintained at 196% based on the previous calculation method (200% target for financial sound- ness), and at 211% under the new calculation method beginning this fiscal year (180%-220% is an appropriate level).
* See the “Group Management Based on ERM” section (P. 38) for details.
 The Group aims to ensure financial soundness equivalent to an AA rating by enhancing the capital base and controlling risks.
and methods for funding based on the analysis of whether the return is appropriate for the risk (ROR*) and the return is greater than the cost of capital (VA*).
Ratings of Domestic Non-Life Insurance Companies (MSI and ADI)
A+ A1 A+ AA AA+ (Stable) (Stable) (Stable) (Stable) (Stable)
* ROR: Return on Risk, VA: Value Added (See the “Group Management Based on ERM” section (P. 39) for details)
The Group has set a goal for financial soundness equivalent to an AA rating as the financial strength that it should strive for as a world-leading insurance and financial services group, and views an ESR in the 180%-220% range as appropriate. (See the “ERM” section (P. 70) for details on actual measures and the “Credit Ratings” section (P. 112) for current credit ratings.
 Furthermore, a majority of the Group’s liabilities are policy liabilities. From the viewpoint of ALM*, it is desirable to hold corresponding assets that match the characteristics (currency, duration, etc.) of liabilities. The Group fully considers risk and return through ERM and makes decisions on actual investments * ALM refers to asset liability management. (See the “Glossary of Insurance
 Terminology”section (P. 92) for details.)
Capital Efficiency
The Group aims to achieve ROE at the 10% level, as a world-leading insurance and financial services group.
Although Group ROE of 7.5%, the target under “Next Challenge 2017,” was achieved in fiscal 2016, Group ROE fell to 3.7% in fiscal 2017 due to large-scale natural disasters.
Under “Vision 2021,” since MS&AD plans to transition to IFRS in fiscal 2021, the definition of numerical management targets (Group Adjusted Profit*1 and Group Adjusted ROE*1) has been changed.
Group Core Profit / Group Adjusted Profit
Aware of the cost of capital, we aim for a Group Adjusted ROE of 10%, a level that is on a par with that of major insurance companies in Europe and the U.S., and will optimally allocate resources in addition to growth and portfolio diversification. We estimate 7% for the cost of capital based on the capital asset pricing model (CAPM).
*1 For definitions of Group Adjusted Profit and Group Adjusted ROE, see PP. 32-33.
   (¥ billion) 500
    400
    300
    200
    100
0
-100
Group Core Profit
Group Adjusted Profit
Group Adjusted ROE
(%)
10.0 10.0
Next Challenge 2017
Vision 2021
  Group ROE
7.9 213.7
2016
8.5 270.0
8.3 273.0
2019 (Target)
    5.0 87.4
2012
4.5 94.8
2013
5.9 155.7
2014
5.2 147.5
2015
6.4
3.7 201.0
350.0
2021 (Target)
8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0 0.0
△6.0
  0.8
14.5
-87.5 2010
2011
-5.6
105.1
2017
2018 (Forecasts)
(FY)
    040
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Under “Vision 2021,” the MS&AD Insurance Group has adopted a policy of aiming to return approximately 40%-60% of Group Adjusted Profit to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks over the medium term. The policy aims to achieve a steady increase in shareholder value by appropriately allocating profit to shareholder returns and internal reserves, while aggressively returning value to shareholders and building internal reserves for future growth investments.
As for dividends, the basic goal is to continue to pay a stable dividend while aiming to increase dividend payments through the strengthening of our earning power. In fiscal 2016, a dividend of ¥120 per share was distributed, ¥30 higher than the previous fiscal
Shareholder Return Performance (by Fiscal Year)
year. For fiscal 2017, the dividend was increased by ¥10 to ¥130 per share. MS&AD plans to distribute a dividend of ¥130 per share again in fiscal 2018.
For share buybacks, the Group repurchases its own shares flexibly, and as opportunities arise, with due consideration paid to market conditions and the state of its capital.
In May 2018, the MS&AD Insurance Group announced a ¥30 billion (maximum) share buyback, and it was flexibly implemented with due consideration paid to market conditions.
The Group remains focused on returning value to shareholders through a stable dividend that increases in the medium run, while enhancing corporate value through sustainable growth.
Where we are heading
Shareholder Return Policy
We will return approximately 40%-60% of Group Adjusted Profit to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.
 (¥ billion)
120
Total dividends (annual)  Amount of share buybacks
   FY 2010
FY 2011
FY 2012
FY 2013
FY 2014
FY 2015
FY 2016
FY 2017*1
 Group Core Profit (¥ billion)
14.5
(87.5)
87.4
94.8
155.7
147.5
213.7
105.1
Total returns (¥ billion)
 43.5
33.5
38.5
44.7
69.9
74.4
101.4
107.0
 Shareholder return ratio*2
 300%
–
44%
47%
45%
50%
47%
102%
Dividend per share (¥)
54
54
54
56
65
90
120
130
 Returns per share (¥)
69.8
54.0
62.0
72.0
113.5
122.5
169.1
180.6
 Aggregate
total 100
731.3 80 513.2 60
69.9 74.4
20.0
2014 2015
101.4
29.9
2016
107.0
30.0
(Maximum)
2017 (FY) (plan)
     70%
40
–
20
–
*2 Shareholder return ratio = (dividends for the current fiscal year (to be paid in December of the year and in June of the next year) + value of share buybacks determined by the day of annual shareholders meeting in the next fiscal year) ÷ Group Core Profit for the current fiscal year
Our Approach to Internal Reserves
 *1 FY2017 shows planned amounts for shareholder returns, shareholder return ratio and shareholder return per share.
We will achieve sustainable growth, even in uncertain business environments, by investing to strengthen, expand and create businesses.
Internal reserves after shareholder returns are used for investments that aim to improve the competitiveness of existing businesses, for investments to diversify and expand the business portfolio, and for investments to create new business territories in cooperation with partners, with the ultimate aim of sustaining growth and increasing shareholder value.
For business investments, acquisition candidates are screened for their affinity with our corporate culture, having
sustainable growth models, and operations that can generate synergies with existing businesses while dispersing risk, in order to contribute to sustained improvement in the Group’s capital efficiency.
Through these investments, we aim to accelerate improve- ments in capital efficiency and secure competitiveness in the future, even in uncertain business environments.
Investments to create new businesses in cooperation with partners
Example: Launch a new business such as Fin-tech in cooperation with startups, etc.
Innovate
Investment to create new business territories
0
2010
2011
2012
2013
30.0 10.0 33.5 5.0 10.0
43.5 38.5 44.7
 33.5 33.5 33.5 34.7 39.9
54.4
71.5
77.0
      Group Adjusted ROE 10%
Sustainable profit growth
     Shareholder returns
  40%-60% of Group Adjusted Profit as a benchmark
Strengthen
Investment to strengthen the competitiveness of existing businesses
Investment to promote digitalization
●Improve the efficiency of business
●Strengthen sales channels ●Improve the value of
customer experience
Expand
Investment to diversify and expand the business portfolio
New business investment for business portfolio diversification and expansion
(Viewpoints when considering investment) ●Affinity of corporate cultures ●Presence of sustainable growth model ●Creation of synergies with existing
businesses, diversification of the risk portfolio
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 041
Our Way
Group Adjusted Profit

 Towards Sustainable Growth and Achieving Targets for Group Adjusted ROE and Group Adjusted Profit
Components of Group Adjusted ROE
Breakdown of Group Adjusted ROE
Group Adjusted ROE, one of the numerical management targets in “Vision 2021,” can be explained in terms of the two indicators shown in the chart below, namely ESR, which represents financial soundness, and ROR (Return on Risk), which expresses the balance between the returns and risks that the MS&AD Insurance Group assumes. These indicators can be further broken down into three elements comprising Group Adjusted Profit, integrated risk amount and net asset value (capital).
Ensuring Balance by ERM Management
While striving to increase Group Adjusted Profit through activities in each of the Group’s business domains, we employ ERM to monitor ROR and ESR, with a focus on the balance among Group Adjusted Profit, integrated risk amount, and net asset value (capital). (See the “Group Management Based on ERM” section (P. 38) for details.)
   Group Adjusted ROE
Adjusted Net Assets
*2
ROR
   Group Adjusted Profit
 Integrated Risk Amount*3
 Integrated Risk Amount
   Adjusted Net Assets
 Group Adjusted Profit
*1
     Group Adjusted Profit
Integrated Risk Amount
Integrated Risk Amount
Net Asset Value (Capital)
1 ESR
       Group Adjusted ROE
 An indicator of capital efficiency
ROR (Return on Risk)
An indicator of the balance between the risks the Group is assuming and the associated returns.
ESR (Economic Solvency Ratio) =Net asset value (capital) ÷Integrated risk amount
An indicator of the balance between the risks the Group is assuming and the Group’s net assets. In other words, an indicator of financial soundness.
Net Asset Value (Capital)
Integrated Risk Amount
Group Adjusted Profit
ERM balances these three elements.
  [FY2018 target] 8.5%
  Regular monitoring of ESR [Medium term]
ESR target: 180%~220%
  Monitoring ROR for the Group overall
Each business Each business domain company
  *1 Group Adjusted Profit = consolidated net income + net provision for catastrophe loss reserve and others – other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets and others) + equity in earnings of non-consolidated Group companies
*2 Adjusted net assets = consolidated net assets + catastrophe loss reserve and others – goodwill and other intangible fixed assets (remaining balance)
*3 The integrated risk amount represents insurance underwriting risk, asset management risk, operational risk, etc., quantified by means of stochastic methods.
*4 The Family Registration Service is a service that allows pre-registered family members, in addition to the policyholder, to receive information about the insurance policy just like
the actual policyholder.
*5 Number of days to provide assurance is an indicator of how long it takes for the Company to complete administrative tasks for customers, such as applications for new
insurance contracts, applications to cancel policies, claims for insurance payments, and claims for other benefits. It is broken down into (1) number of days to provide assurance
(new business), (2) number of days to provide assurance (maintenance) and (3) number of days to provide assurance (insurance payments)
*6 Mortality margin, administrative expense margin, and investment yield margin are indicators for core profit, which represents the fundamental profitability of life insurance
companies. Together, these terms are referred to as the “three surplus factors .” Mortality margin is the profit or loss on the difference between projected insurance benefits payments, based on assumed mortality rates, and actual insurance benefits payments. Administrative expense margin is the gain or loss on the difference between projected business expenditures, based on assumed expense ratios, and actual business expenditures. Investment yield margin is the gain or loss on the difference between projected investment income, based on assumed interest rates, and actual investment income. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section (P. 96).)
042 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Adjusted Net Assets and Net Asset Value (Capital)
In ERM, to thoroughly manage the net asset value, which serves as a management buffer, adjusted net assets are transformed into the net asset value through the following kind of calculations.
Note: Figures within parentheses are for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
Net asset value
=adjusted net assets (¥3.2 trillion)  +unrealized insurance liabilities
(¥0.7 trillion)
 +other equity liabilities, etc.
(¥0.9 trillion) =¥4.8 trillion
Initiatives to achieve Group Adjusted Profit target in each business domain.
 
  CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Our Way
Where we are heading
KPI and Specific Initiatives to Achieve Group Adjusted Profit Target and Sustainable Growth
   ● Education and assistance for improving customer services and agency quality ● Provide solutions for diverse customer needs
● Prompt and accurate back-office processing, sympathetic interactions for accidents Main Reference Indices
  The Group
● Customer satisfaction and recommendation rate
● Ratio of female managers ● Ratio of global employees
Non-life insurance
● Prompt claims payment rate
Life insurance
● Number of registrations for Family Registration Service*4
● Number of days to provide assurance*5
 ● Activities for maintenance of renewal contracts and acquisition of new contracts ● New product development based on understanding of changing customer needs ● Maintain and expand robust sales platform, create and diversify sales channels, etc.
 Main Reference Indices
The Group
● Business budget achievement rate
● Contract continuation rate ● Ratio of global employees
Non-life insurance
● Number of new sales networks
● Rate of increase in automobile insurance contracts
Life insurance
● Policies in force
● Number of policies
● Annualized premiums of
policies in force
● Ratio of non-life insurance agencies  that also sell life insurance
● Number of training events and
training event participation
    *Net premiums written or annualized premiums
 The Group
Customer satisfaction
   Growth
 Premium growth rate
  Group Adjusted
Profit
   Combined ratio
Investment
Loss
ratio
  Expense
ratio
 Non-life insurance
 income/loss
 Protection-type products
 Mortality margin*6
 Administrative expense margin*6
 Investment yield margin*6
 Life insurance
Asset-building-type products
 Fixed insurance income
 Variable insurance income
See Financial Highlights on P. 44.
● Appropriate product design
● Elimination of fraud claims / Appropriate and prompt payment of claims ● Provide advice designed to prevent accidents and reduce damage ● Usage of sustainable resources (use recycled parts)
Main Reference Indices
● Number of risk surveys carried out
● Number of risk management seminars and training sessions carried out
● Efforts to reduce business expenses by efficient operation
● Reforming operating processes and employee roles
● Initiatives to reduce environmental burden through business activities
Main Reference Indices
● Ratio of personnel expenses to sales ● Selection rate of web policy clauses ● Paper usage ● CO2 emissions ● Reduction rate in total energy consumption
● Integrated asset/liability management based on consideration of the characteristics of insurance liabilities
● Improving Return on Risk ● Appropriate risk control
Main Reference Indices
● Asset management yield ● Diversifying effect among assets ● Reduction in strategic equity holdings
● Product design that balances customer benefits and business soundness ● Support for information and service provision that promotes healthy and
worry-free lives for customers
● Reform the product portfolio
Main Reference Indices
● Annualized premiums of policies in force
● Number of life and healthcare seminars held / number of participants
● Reduce administrative expenses through more efficient management Main Reference Indices
● Paper usage ● CO2 emissions ● Reduction rate in total energy consumption
● Set reasonable assumed interest rates to ensure profits
● More sophisticated use of ALM that considers characteristics of liabilities,
expand investment assets that consider risks (diversify and increase balances
of return-expected assets )
● Appropriately control risk by using diverse investment methods
Main Reference Indices
● Asset management yield ● Rating distribution for investment bonds See Non-Financial Highlights on P. 45.
KPI
Examples of Specific Initiatives
            Profitability
             INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 043

 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Highlights
Group Core Profit
Group ROE
(¥ billion) 250
200 150 100
50 0 -50 -100
(%) 8.0
6.0 4.0 2.0
0 -2.0 -4.0 -6.0
7.9
     155.7 147.5
213.7
2016
5.0 0.8
5.9 5.2
3.7
2017 (FY)
         14.5
2010
-87.5
2011
87.4
2012
94.8
2013
2014
2015
105.1
2017 (FY)
2010
2011
-5.6
2012
4.5
2013
2014 2015 2016
      Group Core Profit is a representation of underlying Group profits for external stakeholders, including shareholders and investors. It was included in the numerical management targets in medium-term management plans up to FY2017. Group Core Profit is calculated by deducting non-recurring profits (i.e., net capital gains, other incidental factors) from accounting profits. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section (P. 93) for details.)
Consolidated net premiums written*1 and premium growth rate (non-life insurance business)
Group ROE is the ratio of Group Core Profit to consolidated net assets. It was a numerical management target in medium-term management plans up to FY2017.
(See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section (P. 93) for details.)
Combined ratio (domestic non-life insurance business)
(¥ billion) 3,600
3,400 3,200 3,000 2,800 2,600 2,400
Consolidated net premiums written is a numerical management target in medium-term management plans. A premium growth rate indicates growth potential in premium income in domestic non-life insurance business and international non-life insurance business.
Net investment income (domestic non-life insurance business*2)
Consolidated net premiums written (left axis)
Premium growth rate (right axis) (%) (%) 3,446.9 14 120
12 115 10 110 8 105 6 100 4 95 2 90
  3,406.9 6.4 2,940.73,078.9 10.7
116.4
105.1
           2,639.4 2,809.5 2,541.4 2,558.8
102.9
2010
98.2 96.0 2013 2014
91.6 92.6 2015 2016
92.8 2017 (FY)
  4.7
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) 0 0
0.9 0.7 3.1
4.7
1.2
     (¥ billion) 250
200 150 100
50 0 -50 -100
Net interest and dividends income
135.3
2010 2011
Capital profit/loss (valuation gain/loss)
Capital profit/loss (sales profit/loss)
209.8
2014
Net investment
income/loss (¥ trillion)
30 180.5 25
20 15 10
5
2017 (FY) 0
28.8 29.8
2016 2017 (FY)
2011 2012
The combined ratio is a key indicator of profitability in underwriting in the non-life insurance business. It was a numerical management target in medium-term management plans up to FY2017.
(See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section (P. 92) for details.)
Policies in force*3 (domestic life insurance business)
      56.9
102.2
2012
178.1
2013
187.7
2015
171.6
2016
19.5
2010
21.1
2011
23.7
2012
25.1
2013
26.3
2014
27.4
2015
        Net investment income is a major source of earnings, next to underwriting income, for non-life insurance companies, consisting of interest and dividend income as well as gains/losses on the sale of securities.
Policies in force is a basic performance indicator for life insurance companies that are the outstanding amount of valid insurance policies owned by insurance company at the end of fiscal year, and the grand total amount guaranteed to policyholders. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section (P. 95) for details.)
*1. Excludes the Good Results Return premiums of “ModoRich” voluntary auto insurance products
*2. Simple sum of non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI
*3. Total amount of policies in force for individual insurance and individual annuity insurance at MSI Aioi Life and MSI Primary Life. MSI Aioi Life was formed from the merger of
MSI Kirameki Life and Aioi Life on October 1, 2011, so FY2010 and FY2011 show simple sum for the two companies.
044 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Non-Financial Highlights
A checkmark (
) indicates that FY2017 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
Outside Director ratio and the Board of Directors attendance rate
Customer satisfaction and customer recommendation rate*4
Customer satisfaction
(accident response of automobile insurance)
Customer recommendation rate
Outside Director ratio (left axis)
Attendance rate (right axis)
(%)
 96
 95
 94
 93
 92
 91
 90
 89
 88
 87
 86
Our growth potential depends on improving customer satisfaction and customer recommendation rates. Along with these indicators, customer opinions are helpful in improving quality.
Selection rate of web policy clauses*5 and amount of paper usage
(%)
(%)
100
88.9
41.7 80
Where we are heading
     95.5
91.9
95.6 91.8
96.0 40 92.0 30
96.7
94.6
95.0
      92.3
     89.3 88.7
89.4
89.1
  89.3
   33.3 000
30.8
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
Outside directors independent from management strengthen monitoring and oversight functions for highly transparent management. More than one-third of the Board of Directors are independent Outside Directors.
Number and ratio of female managers*7
30.8
41.7
  87.0
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
      (t) 20,000
15,000 10,000
Selection rate of web policy clauses (right axis)
(%)
(persons)
Number of female managers (left axis) Ratio of female managers (right axis) (%) Group consolidated 15.7 15
Amount of paper usage (left axis)
70.7
61.9
11,085 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
We actively recommend to select web policy clauses because such access is easier than with policy booklets, is more convenient for customers and promotes a decrease in the environmental load related to the use of paper and postal mail.
CO2 emissions and total energy consumption*6
100 1,500
    74.0
75.2
76.8
12.7 7.1
Domestic 12 9.9
9
 75 50 25
1,200 900 600 300
We believe diversity in the manager position and above leads to greater customer satisfaction and growth potential by enabling strategies, product development and organizational management from diverse viewpoints and sense of value.
We began tallying this data on a Group consolidated basis, including overseas, in FY2016.
Number and ratio of global employees
              4.6
5.5
6 consolidated 3
  5,000 16,036 13,283 13,940 13,005 0000
3.0 3.6
1,200
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
Domestic Group
  245 296
377
449 551
613 1,292
  (t-CO2) 140,000
1,200,000 100,0001,142,64126,551,070,8861,098,00 1,000,000
CO2 emissions (left axis)
Total energy consumption (right axis) (GJ) 1,400,000
(persons)
45,000
40,000
Number of employees in Japan Number of overseas employees ((“ )”indicatesratio)
     120,000
1,017,853
6,003 6,228 6,448
8,573 8,759 9,184 (21.1%) (21.6%) (22.2%)
    35,000 30,000(16.4%)(16.8%)(16.8%)
  7 1,
5
8
         80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
800,000 600,000 400,000 200,000
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
30,640
(83.6%) (83.2%) (83.2%) (78.9%) (78.4%)
32,111 (77.8%)
2017 (FY)
    111,818
123,567
119,953
120,930
30,827
31,910
32,044
31,882
104,669
    5,000 000
   2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) Reducing CO2 emissions helps mitigate climate change, a risk for non-life
insurance business. It also reduces energy-related business expenses.
2012 2013
2014 2015
2016
*4. Customer survey choices were streamlined from five options to four in FY2015 and unified within the Group. This figure indicates the ratio of customers who chose the top two options. *5. Refers to environmentally friendly policy clauses where the content can be viewed on our website rather than being written in a booklet. FY2016 figures were modified.
*6 Total energy consumption is calculated based on the energy conversion coefficient from the Law Concerning the Promotion of Measures to Cope with Global Warming.
Electric power energy use, however, is 3.6GJ/MWh. Also, from FY2017, the energy for the parts of Company buildings leased to tenants is excluded. *7. Results as of April 1 of subsequent fiscal year.
Increasing the number of employees from different cultures and with diverse sense of value, and deepening mutual understanding among employees, leads to a stronger organizational capacity for the Group and is a driving force in international business development in particular.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 045
Our Way

 Key Management Indicators and Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
Key Management Indicators for the Last Eight Years
 Ordinary income
 Net premiums written
 [Net premiums written]*1
 Insurance claims paid (non-life + life)  Ordinary profit/(loss)
 Net income attributable to owners of the parent*2  Comprehensive income/(loss)
 Net assets
 Total assets
 Consolidated solvency margin ratio*3  Equity ratio
 Return on equity (ROE)
 Combined ratio*4 (domestic non-life insurance)  Group Core Profit*5
 Group ROE*6
 Net income per share (basic)*7  Net income per share (diluted)*8  Group Core Profit/(loss) per share  Dividend per share (DPS)
 Net assets per share (BPS)
 Year-end market price (closing price) (yen)  Price earnings ratio (PER)*9 (times)  Price book-value ratio (PBR)*9 (times)  Dividend yield*9
 Annual total shareholder return (TSR)*10  Stock price volatility (annual rate)*11
 Total dividends
 Dividend payout ratio (consolidated)  Aggregate amount of repurchase*12  [Average repurchase price]*13  Shareholder return ratio*14
 Customer satisfaction (accident  response for automobile insurance)*15
 Customer recommendation rate*16  Number of employees
[Average number of temporary employees]
 (of which consolidated overseas subsidiaries)
  Per share data (yen)
Stock price-related data
Capital management policy data (¥ millions)
Non-financial data
2,543,786
[2,541,400]
1,646,851
21,005
5,420
(189,373)
1,663,381
11,445,003
14.11%
0.37%
102.9%
14,500
0.8%
8.68
23.27
54.00
2,597.19
1,894
218.06
0.73
2.9%
(24.9%)
32.3%
33,583
622.1%
9,999
[¥2,012]
300.2%
36,538
[8,060]
5,621
-
-
-
-
-
-
2,555,551
[2,558,844]
2,133,440
(96,211)
(169,469)
(88,136)
1,512,134
14,537,204
553.8%
10.27%
(10.91%)
116.4%
(87,500)
(5.6%)
(272.49)
(140.82)
54.00
2,400.48
1,699
0.71
3.2%
(7.4%)
26.6%
33,582
36,929
[8,022]
5,772
-
-
-
0
-
-
-
-
-
-
2,639,015
[2,639,419]
1,961,399
150,300
83,625
543,938
2,021,625
15,914,663
738.8%
12.56%
4.79%
105.1%
87,400
5.0%
134.46
140.56
54.00
3,215.33
2,066
15.36
0.64
2.6%
24.8%
35.8%
33,582
40.2%
4,996
[¥2,565]
44.1%
89.3%
88.7%
36,643
[7,833]
6,003
-
245
16,142
4,362,754
2,811,611
[2,809,581]
2,025,545
190,259
93,451
322,865
2,285,832
16,878,148
772.5%
13.39%
4.42%
98.2%
94,800
4.5%
150.58
152.79
56.00
3,646.22
2,364
15.70
0.65
2.4%
17.1%
39.0%
34,715
37.2%
9,997
[¥2,523]
47.2%
89.4%
87.0%
37,055
[8,746]
6,228
-
296
11,373
2,939,113
[2,940,756]
1,996,675
287,061
136,247
807,972
3,036,663
18,788,046
803.9%
16.00%
5.18%
96.0%
155,700
5.9%
221.34
252.99
65.00
4,911.40
3,370
15.23
0.69
1.9%
45.3%
25.3%
39,900
29.4%
29,992
[¥3,373]
44.9%
89.1%
89.3%
38,358
[8,996]
6,448
-
377
15,124
5,013,038
3,078,732
[3,078,995]
2,023,599
291,578
181,516
(233,116)
2,725,274
20,303,649
743.3%
13.29%
6.36%
91.6%
147,500
5.2%
298.72
242.83
90.00
4,469.58
3,136
10.50
0.70
2.9%
(4.9%)
41.0%
54,447
30.1%
19,996
[¥3,044]
50.4%
95.5%
91.9%
40,617
[10,173]
8,573
-
449
16,507
5,335,239
3,407,389
[3,406,966]
2,162,773
352,612
210,447
114,294
2,734,432
21,234,300
872.6%
12.76%
7.78%
92.6%
213,700
7.9%
 350.94
350.90
356.39
120.00
4,572.82
 3,540
10.09
0.77
3.4%
16.7%
36.9%
 71,489
34.2%
29,938
[¥3,738]
47.7%
 046
 social contribution activities (domestic) MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Consolidated financial data (¥ million)
 Number of female managers*17(domestic)  Number of employees participating in
FY2010 FY2011 FY2012 FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016
3,404,942
3,764,986
4,315,787
4,689,658
95.6%
91.8%
40,641
[10,150]
8,759
551
19,861
                                                   
 Our Way
 FY2017
   Past 1 Year
  Past 2 Years
  Past 3 Years
  Past 4 Years
  Past 5 Years
  CEO Message
Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform
Appendix Data Section
220.0 200.0 180.0 160.0 140.0 120.0 100.0
80.0 2013/3/31
MS&AD
TOPIX
MS&AD
TOPIX
TOPIX Insurance Sector Index
Where we are heading
TSR for the Last Five Years
     5,217,835 3,440,976 [3,446,940] 2,311,295
211,548 154,057 311,096
2,968,387 22,472,927 819.3% 13.09% 5.45% 92.8% 105,100 3.7%
260.04 259.98 177.47 130.00 4,964.64
3,355 12.90 0.68 3.9%
(1.6%) 19.7%
77,014
50.0%
(upper ) 30,000 limit
-
(plan) 101.8%
96.0% 92.0% 41,295
[9,745] 9,184 613 20,022
2014/3/31
2015/3/31
[7.2%] 9.6%
2016/3/31
[3.1%] 59.1%
2017/3/31
[12.3%] 84.7%
2018/3/31
[13.1%]
                        (1.6%) 15.0%
  15.9% 32.9% [15.3%] 18.5% [5.8%] 54.9% [11.6%] 83.6% [12.9%]
  TOPIXInsurance 3.8% 36.6% [16.9%] 15.3% [4.9%] 59.8% [12.4%] 92.6% [14.0%] Sector Index
Notes:
1. ThegraphaboveshowstheprofitmarginwhereaninvestmentismadeattheendofMarch2013,takingintoconsiderationdividendsand share prices as of the end of March 2018. The MS&AD chart indexes the investment results, with dividends added to the share price (assuming no reinvestment of the dividends), with the investment amount at the end of March 2013 set as 100. Similarly, the indices compared use both the TOPIX and the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s industry-specific index (insurance industry), with the data incorporating dividends.
2. Thetableaboveshowstheinvestmentreturn(includingdividends)asoftheendofMarch2018,forinvestmentsfromoneyearearlier(endof March 2017) to five years earlier (end of March 2013).
3. Thevalueswithinparentheses[]fromtwoyearsearliertofiveyearsearliershowtheaverageannualreturn,annualizedbytakingthegeometric mean of the investment return for the relevant period.
Source: Calculated by MS&AD Holdings based on data from Bloomberg
*1 Figures are presented exclusive of the Good Results Return premiums of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance’s proprietary automobile insurance product “ModoRich,” which contains a special clause for premium adjustment and refund at maturity.
*2 The net income or net loss attributable to the parent company shareholder is disclosed.
*3 Consolidated solvency margin ratios have been calculated for years beginning from FY2011 reflecting the revision of the Insurance
Business Act, etc.
*4 Combined ratio figures (domestic non-life insurance) are based on the simple sums of non-consolidated figures for MSI, ADI, and Mitsui
Direct General. For FY2010, however, combined ratio figures are based on the simple sums of non-consolidated figures for MSI, Aioi,
NDI, and Mitsui Direct General.
*5 Group Core Profit = Consolidated net income - Net capital gains/losses on stock portfolio (gains/losses on sales, etc.) - Net evaluation
gains/losses on credit derivatives – Other incidental factors + Equity in earnings of the non-consolidated Group companies
*6 Group ROE = Group Core Profit ÷ Consolidated total net assets (average of beginning and ending amounts excluding stock acquisition
rights and non-controlling interest)
*7 Net income/(loss) per share (EPS) disclosed.
*8 Net income per share (EPS)–Diluted (EPS) disclosed. Diluted net income/(loss) per share data prior to FY2015 is not disclosed because
there was no potential dilution during that period.
*9 Stock price-related indicators are based on the market price of the stock at the end of the fiscal years.
*10 Total shareholders’ return is calculated as follows: (fiscal year-end stock price – previous fiscal year-end stock price + annual dividends)
÷ previous fiscal year-end stock price
*11 Stock price volatility is the annualized standard deviation of returns based on daily closing prices.
*12 The aggregate amount of repurchase for FY2017 was ¥30.0 billion (upper limit), the acquisition period is from May 21, 2018, to
September 14, 2018 (resolved at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 18, 2018)
*13 Since share buybacks were not completed, the average repurchase price in FY2017 is not disclosed.
*14 The Shareholder return ratio = (dividends applicable to the fiscal year (paid in December of that year and June of the following year) +
value of share repurchases during the period through the time of the general shareholders’ meeting in the following fiscal year) ÷ Group
Core Profit for the fiscal year.
*15 Ratio of customers satisfied with accident response for automobile insurance (MSI and ADI). From FY2015, the client survey was
modified from five stages to four stages.
*16 Rate of customers who are willing to recommend either MSI or ADI to their friends and acquaintances. From FY2015, the client survey
was modified from five stages to four stages and MSI Aioi Life was included in the survey.
*17 Number of female managers in positions of section manager or higher. (Figures are for April 1 of the subsequent fiscal year.)
                             INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 047

  Strategies by Business Domain
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
The Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business is the MS&AD Group’s core business and boasts the largest scale in Japan. The Group’s three unique non-life insurance companies leverage a variety of sales channels and partnerships,
address the new kinds of risks arising from changes in the social environment and progress in technological innovation, and provide safety and peace of mind.
Group Numerical Management Targets (Simple sum of non-consolidated figures for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and Mitsui Direct General Insurance)
    (¥ billion) 300
   250
   200
   150
   100
50 0
Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021 Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017)
(¥ trillion) 3.00
2.75
96.6
96.0
Next Challenge 2017
Net Premiums Written
Non-Life Insurance Combined Ratio*1 E/I Combined Ratio*1
Vision 2021
(%)
105 2.76 100
95
90
85 2018 (FY)
(Forecast)
  Group Adjusted Profit (Vision 2021)
287.8
208.4
2018
(Forecast) (Target) (Target)
    95.1
93.9
190.1
174.0 182.0
2.64
2.73 2.70 93.4
92.6 91.6 91.4
2015 2016
2.76
94.1 92.8
       92.4 91.9
2014 2015
153.3
2016
2017
2019
2021 (FY)
2.50
2.25
2.00
2014
2017
    Diversifying Customers’ Risks and Needs with Changes in the Social Environment
    048
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Business Strategies
*1 Please see the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” on P. 92 for details.
 1 Leveraging Diversity
The Group leverages diversity, which is one of its strengths, in responding to changes in the social environment and
technological innovation.
Business concepts
Diverse partnerships
Product development leveraging
special strengths
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
● Leveraging comprehensive strengths
● Global business development
● Broad partnership centered on the Mitsui Group and the Sumitomo Group
● New product development based on a wide range of business-to-business transactions
Example: 1DAY leisure insurance (on-demand leisure insurance)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
● Unique company with its own distinctive character ● Seeking a close relation-
ship with local communities
● Partnerships centered on the Toyota Group and the Nissay Group
● Development of innovative products that leverage ties with partners
Example: Connected Automobile Insurance (Pay How You Drive type telematics automobile insurance for Toyota vehicles)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance
● Direct sales of automobile insurance for individual clients
● High-quality products and services, low-price premiums
● Development of enhanced products and services unique to customer-oriented, direct non-life insurance
Example: eService discount (insurance certificates not issued), Internet contract discount
   
   CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
 2 Vision 2021 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business Strategy Pursue the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
   Maximize further synergies by leveraging the Group’s comprehensive strengths along with utilizing the unique characteristics of each Group company
●Standardize products/operations, launch the “BRIDGE” jointly developed non-life insurance claims services system (from 2019)
●Deepen life/non-life insurance product cross-selling, jointly develop health-/medical-related products/services
●Standardize/consolidate back-office operations
 Promote Digitalization
Reform Product Portfolio
Reinforce R&D
Continue to proactively invest in R&D that addresses environmental changes and increases productivity/quality
Realize an expense ratio excluding R&D-related expenses*2 of 32.1% in FY2021 and the 30.0% level thereafter
*2. Costs that contribute to enhancing competitiveness (e.g., productivi- ty/quality improvement) and address environmental changes
*3. Simple sum of the expense ratios of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Expense Ratio Trend and Outlook*3
  Accelerate the digitalization of business processes through R&D*2 investment and work to improve value of customer experience and business productivity
●Digitize the policy and claims payment administrative processes
●Accelerate initiatives for automobile insurance using telematics technology and respond to autonomous driving technology
●Use AI to support agent operations, etc.
   Reform product portfolio by improving fire insurance underwriting profit and expanding casualty insurance while maintaining automobile insurance earnings
●Strengthen initiatives expanding casualty insurance (responses to cyber and other new risks) and cultivate the small and medium-sized enterprise market
●Develop products to meet the sharing business and on-demand needs (release individual liability insurance for business operators), etc.
  34.7%
32.2% Expense ratio excluding
 33.2%
33.3% 32.1%
30.0% level
2021 (FY) Future targets (Outlook)
    2010
R&D*2 costs 2013 2017
 3 Vision 2021 Core Strategies by Operating Company
       Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
● Pursue growth strategies, address environmental changes
● Proactively respond to new risks facing companies, etc.
● Leverage the products/services development and underwriting expertise of overseas partners
● Establish brand value through telematics strategies and ICT technologies
● Accelerate partnerships in different industries beginning with Toyota, Nissay and closely affiliated companies
● Strengthen contributions to local communities by leveraging strengths in the retail market
● Deepen marketing activities using digitalization
● Gain new customers through increasingly sophisticated mass marketing/online advertising
● Undertake measures to expand direct markets, which the other two companies being focused on agent channels have been unable to penetrate
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Mitsui Direct General Insurance
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 049
Our Way

  Strategies by Business Domain
Domestic Life Insurance Business
The Domestic Life Insurance Business is a key growth business that supports the MS&AD Insurance Group’s sustained enhancement of corporate value.
Industry-leading growth and earnings potential will be realized by Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance, which offers medical/nursing care products as well as death benefit and other protection-type life insurance products, and Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance, which offers asset-building-type products designed to support retirement lifestyles.
Group Numerical Management Targets
  Group Core Profit, Group Adjusted Profit
Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021 Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017)
Group Adjusted Profit (Vision 2021) 45.0
Increase in EV*1, EEV*2 (Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance) Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021
    (¥ billion) 50
40 30 20 10
0
(¥ trillion) 1.8
1.6 1.4 1.2 1.0
(¥ billion) 320
Increase in EV (Next Challenge 2017, left axis)
EEV (Vision 2021, right axis)
(¥ billion)
     34.332.6 240
198.4
835.5
41.3
865.0 970.01050.0 1,200 900
       25.0 25.1
28.0
160 80
600
300
  20.4
  59.7
 00
    2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2021 (FY) (Forecast)(Target) (Target)
Life Insurance Premiums (Gross Premiums)
-60
-52.0 -300 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2021 (FY)
(Forecast)(Target) (Target)
   Next Challenge 2017
Vision 2021
•1 Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance, which provides protection-type life insurance products, designated an increase in EV (Embedded Value) as one of its numerical management targets along with Group Core Profit. Current statutory accounting is in some respects difficult to use for performance evaluation, partly because costs are concentrated at the time of sale but also because the corresponding profit is realized in later years. However, EV is employed as a useful indicator for evaluating achievements and corporate value as it evaluates future profits generated by in-force business at the present and provides complementary financial information in statutory accounting.
In addition, Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance EV in principle conforms to European Embedded Value (EEV).
Note: See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” on P. 92 for details.
•2 Next Challenge 2017 used an increase in EV as a numerical management target, but Vision 2021 has switched to EEV.
1.76 1.50
2014 2015
1.55 1.50 1.50 1.54
1.60
     Business Strategies
2016 2017
2018 2019 2021 (FY) (Forecast) (Target) (Target)
Meeting increasingly diversified customer needs accompanying changes in the structure of society and customer lifestyles through these two life insurance companies that feature different business models (e.g., products, sales channels)
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
個人年金は、 未来への贈り物。
Asset-building-type products
Asset-building-type insurance products (variable/fixed individual annuity insurance, variable/fixed whole life insurance) for which the need is expanding due to the progression of an aging society address the diversification of asset management to build retirement living funds.
Over-the-counter sales by financial institutions (e.g., banks, securities companies)
 Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
  Products
Protection-type products
Given the aging society, there is an increasing need for medical/nursing care products as well as death benefit and other protection-type products (e.g., term life insurance, income guarantee insurance, medical insurance).
Sales channels
Develop diverse sales channels centered on cross-sell- ing through the agents of the Group’s two core non-life insurance companies, financial institutions, professional life insurance agents and direct sales personnel.
      050
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
22.0
  1
Leveraging Diversity
 
  CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
 2 Vision 2021 Domestic Life Insurance Business Strategies
◆ Develop/provide products and services that meet customer needs through an accurate understanding of the
progress of medical treatment and changes in the social structure, etc.
◆ Further strengthen marketing capability through our sales base as the largest non-life insurance group in Japan and our OTC channel, which holds the leading position in the industry.
◆ Build systems that can respond flexibly to changes in the environment such as the advance of the falling birthrate and aging population, the continuation of ultra-low interest-rate policies and the advance of digitalization.
◆ Extensively promote a customer-first policy in operations to improve quality and customer satisfaction.
     Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
● Provide protection-type products and services that help resolve social issues, such as the increasing burden of nursing care and medical care, and support health promotion
● Further strengthen marketing capability through diverse channels, with a focus on cross-selling based on integrated life/non-life operations
● Build a system to respond to changes in the environment (infrastructure development and reform of the earnings structure)
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
● Expand asset-building-type products and services that meet the needs of society, such as responding to longevity risks
● Strengthen the support system for OTC sales at financial institutions by promoting digitalization, etc.
● Enhance ALM that captures changes in investment markets and liability structures
● Expand the lifetime gift market and develop the new longevity needs market
Share high-quality know-how of education and training for sales and marketing within the Group
  (%)
20
15
10
18% 16%
Life Insurance Cross-Selling Ratio*1
(Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance)
  14.1%
2017 2019
(Outlook)
2021 (FY) (Outlook)
   *1. Cross-selling channels (professional, corporate, automobile sales dealers): The number of Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance in-force policy holders divided by the number of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance/Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance automobile and fire insurance policy holders
3 Vision 2021 Key Strategy Initiatives
    Pursue
the Group’s Comprehensive
Strengths
Deepen further cross-selling channels via integrated life and non-life operations
 Strengthen collaboration between Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance and Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
Strengthen internal Group collaboration for product development and services in the health and medical fields
Improve contact center operations mainly by using voice-recognition technologies
Optimize administrative processes (increase productivity by using RPA (Robotic Process Automation) for routine tasks)
Increase sophistication and efficiency for the insurance claims and benefits payment processes
 Increase efficiency by reviewing the division of roles within the Group such as sales administration
   Promote Digitalization
Strengthen customer contacts by promoting digitalization Support agent activities
Increase the sophistication and efficiency of product development and underwriting operations by using digital technologies that include big data analysis
 Develop products based on advances in medical technology such as advanced medicine and address nursing care/dementia-related needs
Develop products that address the age of greater longevity
Products and services that meet the needs of society and customers (Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance)
    Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
Further enhance the ease of understanding and convenience for customers by improving paperless operations in cooperation with agents
 Reform the Product Portfolio
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 051
Our Way

  Strategies by Business Domain
International Business
Leveraging the expertise and trust it has accumulated during its history of more than 90 years of international operations, the MS&AD Insurance Group has established a global network in 46 countries and regions* to provide insurance products and services that meet diverse customer needs.
* Excluding the Cayman Islands, where SLI Cayman Limited (financial services business) is domiciled.
Group Numerical Management Targets
    (¥ billion) 120
90 60 30
0 -120
Group Core Profit (Next Challenge 2017) Group Adjusted Profit (Vision 2021)
117.0
(¥ billion)
1,000 800 600 400 200 0
Net Premiums Written
Next Challenge 2017 Vision 2021
Next Challenge 2017
Vision 2021
940.0
   818.7
892.7
    66.0
   38.2
2014
27.9 34.6
2015 2016
2017
37.0
-125.0 2018
415.9
2014
461.6
2015
2016 2017
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
       Characteristics of the International Business
2019
(Forecast) (Target) (Target)
2021 (FY)
The MS&AD Insurance Group’s international business operations encompass two businesses̶the international non-life insurance business (including the MS Amlin business, the Toyota retail business, the telematics business, and the Head Office reinsurance business) and the international life insurance business. Since commencing underwriting operations in Thailand in 1934, we have established a position as the largest insurance company in the ASEAN region along with a robust network. In February 2016, the MS&AD Insurance Group welcomed Amlin, a company with a global insurance business centering on the Lloyd’s of London insurance market in the U.K., putting into place a balanced portfolio spread across Asia, Europe and the Americas. Additionally, First Capital Insurance Limited, the largest non-life insurance company in Singapore, joined the Group in December 2017. MS&AD is now the No. 1 non-life insurance group in the Singapore market, solidifying its leading position in the ASEAN region.
To make decisions and manage operations in accordance with local customs while rigorously complying with the laws, regulations and business conventions of each country and region, regional holding companies have been established in Singapore, the U.K. and the U.S. Business is conducted based on the idea of being a good corporate citizen in each country and region. Especially in the high-growth-potential Asia region, the Group has a top-level business foundation, having instilled the MSIG brand in the region. Through a variety of efforts including support for government policy on insurance and the sharing of insurance technologies, the Group is contributing to economic growth in each country and region while also undertaking diverse activities to realize growth in its own business operations.
MS Amlin Business
MS Amlin, an insurance holding company with three core business segments of Lloyd’s, Reinsurance and Continental Europe Primary Insurance, is the core company in the international non-life insurance business. Growth synergies have materialized among its existing local companies in Asia and the Americas, thanks in part to joint efforts to create new insurance underwriting schemes, and the exchange of human assets has led to the more sophisticated management of risk on a group level.
Toyota Retail Business and Telematics Business
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance leverages our strong partnership with the Toyota Group to develop the retail insurance business internationally, focusing on sales of automobile insurance through Toyota dealerships. We currently have insurance underwriting operations in 17 countries and regions, including most European countries, as well as China, Thailand and Australia. We are leveraging the telematics know-how of Insure The Box Limited, a core managing general agent for Box Innovation Group Limited in the U.K., which joined the Group in FY2015, to develop the telematics business under a four-region global structure centered on Japan, Europe, the Americas and Asia. We expect synergies to emerge in the Toyota retail business as well through the provision of new value added.
Head Office Reinsurance Business
The Head Office at Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance has engaged in the overseas inward reinsurance business as a means of effectively utilizing capital. Beginning in FY2017, this business is included in the scope of the international business from the standpoint of reinforcing overseas risk management alongside business expansion. We will engage in profit-focused underwriting for business partners with which we can maintain medium- and long-term relationships in both outward and inward reinsurance, and advance business while managing Groupwide risks.
 1
International Non-Life Insurance Business
052 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
   CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
 2
International Life Insurance Business
We are investing in life insurance companies in countries where life insurance markets are projected to expand̶such as Indonesia, India and Malaysia̶with the aim of expanding sustainable profits.
In 2017, the MS&AD Insurance Group invested in Challenger Limited in Australia (annuity insurance business) and ReAssure Jersey One Limited in the United Kingdom (closed book life insurance business*), in order to secure stable profits and acquire business know-how.
* See the notes on P. 21.
(¥ billion)
287.9 522.6 450.1
68.2
-
64.4 940.0 17.9 11.0 18.5 3.1 - 2.6 7.4 37.0
* International Business figures are aggregates of the results for overseas consolidated subsidiaries, non-life insurance companies' overseas branches, and overseas non-consolidated affiliates, etc. Figures for business in each region include figures for the Toyota retail business.
* Figures in the “Total” rows include head office adjustments and others. and are not equal to the sum of figures for each segment and each region.
* Net income is on a Group Core Profit basis (Group Adjusted Profit basis in FY2018). The international life insurance business shows equity income.
* Reinsurance business is included in figures for MS Amlin in FY2017 because it was integrated into MS Amlin together with MSI Lloyd's business in December 2016.
* International life insurance business includes Challenger and ReAssure in addition to the former Asian life insurance business.
Business Strategy
The MS&AD Insurance Group’s international business aims to increase earnings by tapping into market growth based on diverse product and sales strategies that leverage its strengths in each business and region. As a growth driver for the Group, the international business aggressively pursues investment projects and global partnership strategies that contribute to sustainable growth.
 3
Net Premiums Written and Net Income by Region and Business
         Asia
Europe
(of which: MS Amlin)
Americas
Reinsurance Business
Head Office Reinsurance Business
International Business Total
Asia
Europe
(of which: MS Amlin)
Americas
Reinsurance Business
Head Office Reinsurance Business
International Life Insurance Business
International Business Total
FY2011
142.8
60.9
43.7
16.8
262.2
(89.6)
(16.1)
0.1
(6.3)
3.0
(112.3)
-
-
-
-
FY2012
173.1
64.4
41.4
15.6
287.8
28.8
(11.9)
5.1
1.3
13.5
-
-
-
(7.7)
-
FY2013
215.7
85.4
56.4
16.7
369.0
16.3
1.8
(3.3)
8.5
(1.2)
18.0
-
-
-
-
FY2014
237.1
99.6
66.2
19.1
415.9
26.0
5.7
11.0
5.4
38.2
-
-
-
(7.9)
-
FY2015
257.7
121.1
69.4
18.6
461.6
12.7
(3.1)
8.1
10.7
5.7
27.9
-
-
-
-
FY2016
240.6
499.6
391.1
66.4
16.8
818.7
16.7
2.2
6.1
0.8
12.4
8.4
34.6
-
-
FY2017
 268.1
498.7
430.2
71.1
57.9
892.7
11.1
(116.2)
(109.3)
4.7
(26.0)
6.4
(125.0)
-
-
FY2018 (Forecast)
                           <Shared Strategies>
Promote digitalization in tune with the characteristics of the region Strengthen ties with global major insurance companies and local partners Increase profitability through risk and earnings diversification
<Regional Strategies>
   【Asia】
【Europe】
【Americas】
   ● Reinforce No. 1 position in ASEAN region
● Tap into growth markets, including India and China (Expand sales channels, strengthen ties with partners, etc.)
● Steady growth and enhancing synergies with MS First Capital
● Continue underwriting with emphasis on soundness and profitability in accordance with market cycles, mainly centered on MS Amlin
● Steadily expand earnings
● Maintain prudent underwriting policy matching with business environment
● Diversify business portfolio further
 【Toyota Retail Business】 【Telematics Business】
 ● Strengthen business in existing countries and develop business in new countries to reliably earn profits
● Develop the telematics business and create business models in the mobility service field with Toyota Motor based on a four-region global structure in Japan, Europe, the Americas and Asia
 【Head Office Reinsurance Business】
 ● Build inward reinsurance portfolio that helps global risk diversification and underwrite business focusing on profitability
● Maintain integrated operations for both inward and outward reinsurance and continue business with selected partner reinsurance companies
 ● In Asia life insurance, steadily expand profits, and pursue synergies between life and non-life insurance through OTC, sales agent and other channels, launching products matching with customer needs and improving governance
● Steadily expand profits at and acquire business know-how from Challenger in Australia and ReAsssure in the U.K.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 053
Our Way
International
Net Income Net Premiums Written
LifeInsurance International Non-Life Insurance Business Business

  Strategies by Business Domain
Discussion on International Business Strategy by Global Leaders
International Business Drives Growth at the MS&AD Group
In 46 countries and regions, the Group’s international business provides a broad range of insurance-related services to local companies and individual customers, in addition to Japanese companies doing business globally.
In Asia, we are the only non-life insurance group that engages in direct underwriting business in all 10 ASEAN member countries. In 2017, we acquired First Capital, the largest player in Singapore, solidifying our position as the largest non-life insurance group in the ASEAN region. Our operations have grown considerably in the massive markets of China and India.
In Europe, MS&AD does business with more than half of the major listed companies in Germany and France. In the Americas, we have authorized licenses in all 50 states. Across the Americas, including Mexico and Brazil, profits have steadily increased.
In 2016, MS&AD acquired Amlin, which had the second-largest syndicate at Lloyd’s, nearly doubling the size of the Group’s international business. At the same time, the acquisition brought balance to the geographic breakdown of the international business, with Asia/4, Europe/4, and the Americas/3.
This fiscal year, MS&AD launched its new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021.” The international business is positioned within “Vision 2021” as an important driver of growth for the Group, as seen in our target for increasing the profit contribution of the international business to roughly 40% of Group Adjusted Profit in the next four years. While considering the characteristics and growth potential of markets in each country and region, we aim to disperse risks and improve capital efficiency in the provision of high-value-added products and services, while promoting digitalization based on regional characteristics and strengthening our response to global programs that originate overseas. In order to support sustained growth, we will reinforce governance in the international business and develop and retain global human assets.
Contributing to MS&AD Group’s Growth as the Core Company in International Business
2018 marks the two-year anniversary of MS&AD welcoming MS Amlin into the Group. We have broadened the geographical footprint of the Group, with our core business divisions of Lloyd's, Reinsurance and Continental Europe Primary Insurance producing approximately 50% of the Group's overall international business. As such, we relish the opportunity to be the driver of MS&AD's international growth.
Through strength in both the insurance and reinsurance markets, MS Amlin continues to contribute to the Group's growth on both a qualitative and quantitative basis. We play an essential role in the expansion of MS&AD's international presence, and support the Group in reaching its goal of increasing the share of the international business in Group Adjusted Profit to about 40%, as defined in the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021”.
In today's rapidly-changing marketplace, responding to our clients' evolving needs in both an agile and dedicated way is crucial to the achievement of sustainable future growth. As a Lloyd's business, we are committed to developing the innovative, cutting-edge specialty risk solutions for which our market is renowned. We continue to attract and retain talented people who share our vision and have the sophisticated underwriting expertise needed to maintain the high-quality service synonymous with the MS Amlin name.
2017 was an exceptional year, and our market was heavily impacted by the combination of very high levels of natural catastrophes and already challenging market conditions. However, MS Amlin is making steady progress with its profitability remediation programme. Through combining our traditional market expertise with forward-looking innovation through new technologies and process optimization, MS Amlin aims to contribute to MS&AD becoming the “Insurer of the future”.
    Masahiro Matsumoto
Executive Officer (International Business) MS&AD Holdings
     Simon Beale
CEO (concurrently serving as Executive Officer at Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance) MS Amlin plc
 054 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

    CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
Where we are heading
  Reinforcing Our No. 1 Position
in the ASEAN Region
Our ambition in Asia is to reinforce our position as the leading non-life insurer in the ASEAN region, a market that is expected to grow and is of considerable strategic importance to the Group. Working through our insurance business activities, our goal is to contribute to the ongoing development of countries throughout Asia.
With this in mind, we have identified four key priorities: market leadership, sustainable profitability, business excellence as well as Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) and governance.
On our acquisitions, MS First Capital has solidified our market leadership in both Singapore and ASEAN’s non-life insurance markets, while results from synergies with MS Amlin have been encouraging and will continue to expand.
Under its new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021”, the MS&AD Insurance Group is looking to its international business to generate an estimated 40% of Group Adjusted Profit. To this end, we believe that expanding earnings through digitalization and reducing costs are key. We are promoting our initiatives in each market through our website and social media channels to reach, engage and serve the needs of our customers better. We will also continue to invest in enhancing our IT infrastructure and online capabilities to provide a seamless digital experience for the connected customers of today.
Within MSIG, we are creating a culture of innovation and digital excellence. Several internal awards across the region encourage innovation and we continue to invest in employee development ensuring that they are well equipped to tackle any challenges ahead, and at the same time manage to meet the growing expectations of our customers.
Governance and compliance, embedded with ERM in our business operations is also something that we will continue to strengthen. ERM and Compliance are a continuous journey for our 5,000 employees to be aware of the risks and the impact that they can have on business.
Contributing to a Safe and Secure Mobility Society through Telematics Insurance
In March 2015, MS&AD acquired Box Innovation Group Limited (BIG), the largest telematics insurance company in the United Kingdom, entering into the telematics automobile insurance market in the United Kingdom. Thereafter, using BIG’s know-how, MS&AD established Toyota Insurance Management Solutions USA, LLC (TIMS) in April 2016 in a joint venture with the Toyota Group to develop the telematics business in the US. By providing local insurance companies with services to acquire and analyze driving data from Toyota’s connected cars, we aim to develop operations across the US in Toyota telematics insurance that reflects driving behavior. In October 2017, we established AIS Asia (Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Services Asia Pte. Ltd.) in Singapore as a base for the telematics business in Southeast Asia, and began collaborating with Toyota Motor in the ride sharing field. The Group aims to further develop its telematics know-how under the four-region global structure of Japan, Europe, the Americas and Asia. We are also taking on the challenge of developing insurance products and services for new mobility services, such as car sharing, ride sharing and multi-modal operations, by utilizing our expertise in data analysis that we have accumulated in telematics.
Through collaboration with Toyota Motor and by using our expertise in the telematics business, we are keen to take on new challenges in the new mobility services field with the aim of contributing to a safe and secure mobility society through telematics insurance.
  Alan Wilson
CEO (concurrently serving as Executive Officer of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance) MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
     Naomi Ito
Managing Executive Officer (Telematics Business)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 055
Our Way

  Strategies by Business Domain
Risk-Related Services Business
Risk-Related Services Business is responsible for important roles within the MS&AD Insurance Group’s value creation processes.
Risk-Related Services Business units provide diverse solutions globally in cooperation with Group units engaged in the insurance and financial services businesses, and thereby making an important contribution to realizing the Group’s mission.
Overview of Risk-Related Services Business
The MS&AD Insurance Group provides non-insurance products and services to meet customers’ needs for risk solutions, such as the risk management, nursing care, and assistance businesses.
Risk Management Business
Overview of Risk Management Business
The Group’s risk management business is developing its operations based on a business model that emphasizes three concepts – “(1) early risk discovery, (2) risk magnitude and incidence frequency reduction, and (3) eventuated risk impact minimization.” Insurance and other financial products are employed with respect of the third of those concepts, having the role of “alleviating economic impacts.” The operational scope of risk management business units encompasses all three of the concepts.
Working in close cooperation with insurance business units, the risk management business units provide customers with the following types of risk-related services.
1 Provision of risk research and simple diagnoses along with loss prevention advice
Consulting services related to the formulating of a business continuity plan and a crisis management plan of companies and other organizations
Implementation of surveys and studies of the latest risk-related information and dissemination of that information via seminars and newsletters
   2 3
The Group unit responsible for these operations is MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc., which is the largest risk consulting companies in Japan. Utilizing its bases in Singapore, Thailand, China, and Bermuda, MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting is globally developing its risk solution services business.
Interisk Global Management (Bermuda) Limited
   MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting's Global Network
      TOPICS Multifaceted Support for ESG Investment at Corporations
ESG investment, which entails making investment decisions based on information about the environment (E), society (S) and corporate governance (G), has been expanding rapidly around the world. Appropriately responding to trends in ESG investment has become an urgent issue for all layers of management at corporations.
In light of this situation, MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc., has begun to offer support services for planning and implementing corporate ESG strategies, bundling together an expanded list of optional services that include consulting services for water risk assessments, assistance with human rights risk management and assistance for refinement of risk management preparedness.
Example of analysis: Change in volume of hydrological balance due to climate change
 056 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
InterRisk Asia (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc. (Tokyo, Sapporo, Nagoya, Osaka, and Fukuoka)
InterRisk Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Interisk Asia Pte. Ltd.
 
   CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
Business Performance
Where we are heading
  Number of risk surveys conducted
FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017
 1,009 Domestic 526 Overseas 483
1,092 Domestic 500 Overseas 592
1,031 Domestic 468 Overseas 563
 Number of risk-related reports issued
75
68
84
 Number of trainings/ seminars arranged
Number of media appearances
Group Core Profit
3,873
232
¥200 million
4,199
306
¥200 million
3,997
 377
 ¥300 million
   Other Risk-Related Services Business
Nursing Care Business
The MS&AD Insurance Group inaugurated its nursing care business in 1989.
Currently, two Group companies are supplying high-quality nursing care services that provide seniors with comfort and peace of mind. MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network operates fee-based retirement homes (currently operating two such facilities as of March 31, 2018) while Fureai Do-Life Services moved in 2000 to become the first Japanese insurance industry unit to operate elderly daycare centers (operating four such facilities as of March 31, 2018).
Major Operating Companies
Assistance Business
1,189 Domestic 506 Overseas 683
72
4,720
386 ¥100 million
       Through ANSHIN DIAL, we are developing comprehensive assistance call center business related to automobiles (road assistance services) and homes (house support services).
By responding to requests for assistance from people throughout Japan, we are cooperating with our partners in this field to relieve customers’ worries and concerns and provide peace of mind.
   MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc.
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc. is the largest risk consulting company in Japan. It provides companies and government entities with consulting, risk surveys, research and investigation, information provision, and other services related to diverse kinds of risks.
With overseas bases in Singapore, Thailand, China, and Bermuda, the company is seeking to provide risk solutions throughout the world.
Date established: January 1993 Number of employees: 240 (As of April 1, 2018) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL ▶ http://www.irric.co.jp/index.html (Japanese language only)
ANSHIN DIAL Co., Ltd.
ANSHIN DIAL is a company that engages in comprehensive assistance call center operations through two call centers in Tokorozawa and Naha, boasting an affiliate network of more than 5,000 companies nationwide. ANSHIN DIAL provides its customers with services that alleviate their worries, such as roadside assistance and support fixing problems at home 24 hours a day and 365 days a year.
Date established: November 1989 Number of employees: 948 (As of April 1, 2018) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 57.55%
URL ▶ https://www.anshin-dial.jp/ (Japanese language only)
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network Co., Ltd.
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network operates and administers fee-based retirement homes offering nursing services, provides support for in-home nursing care (creating care plans), and dispatches home care workers (home helpers). By providing high-quality elderly care services, the company strives to create a society in which seniors can enjoy pleasant and cheerful lives.
Date established: October 1990 Number of employees: 283* (As of April 1, 2018) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100% *Excluding registered care workers. URL ▶ http://www.msk-carenet.com/docs/index.html (Japanese language only)
Fureai Do-Life Services Co., Ltd.
Fureai Do-Life Services operates elderly daycare centers, and it currently operates four facilities in four regions.
All centers employ physical therapists and other staff to implement functional training programs and other programs associated with preventive and rehabilitation care. They also provide services that are deeply rooted in local communities, based on cooperation with NPOs and schools.
Date established: March 2000 Number of employees: 67 (As of April 1, 2018) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL ▶ http://www.fureai-do.co.jp/ (Japanese language only)
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 057
Our Way

  Strategies by Business Domain
Financial Services Business
In its Financial Services Business, the MS&AD Insurance Group offers various financial solutions and services that make use of its strengths. The Group is developing and providing various new financial products and services to address increasingly diverse customer needs, leveraging the full range of its capabilities as an insurance and financial services group.
Overview of Financial Services Business
The MS&AD Insurance Group offers the following kinds of financial products and services.
Alternative risk transfer (ART) refers to techniques other than traditional insurance policies to transfer risks. ART entails the use of financial technologies and capital markets to provide risk solutions. ART products include derivatives and securitized risk products, with typical products including weather derivatives and earthquake derivatives. We are strengthening the client base and our product development capabilities while monitoring changes in the social environment and market conditions.
We encourage the spread of individual defined contribution pension plans (iDeCo), the demand for which has been increasing across society with declining birthrates and an aging population. We also offer meticulous consulting services for introducing corporate defined contribution pension systems. We aim to expand business as this market grows alongside revisions to laws and regulations.
We work through Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management̶established in cooperation with Mitsui Sumitomo Group financial institutions̶ to undertake the investment advisory business, the investment trust management business and other kinds of business. With more than ¥10 trillion in assets under management, Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management is one of Japan’s largest asset management companies.
Working through MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital, we make investments in promising venture businesses and provide support for the growth and development of investee companies.
 ART Business
 Defined Contribution Pension Business
 Asset Management Business
 Venture Capital Business
      ART: Outline of Weather Derivatives
Defined Contribution Pensions: Initiatives with iDeCo
Number of iDeCo subscribers in overall market
   Customer
Funds are received when a contractually predetermined index value is reached
See the “Special Feature” on P. 65 for details.
Group Core Profit
(People)
1,000,000 800,000 600,000 400,000 200,000
0
● Sales via major partners and agencies
● Broad comprehensive proposals that leverage the diversity of the Group
430,929
Weather derivative contract
* Profits declined in fiscal 2016 due to a major loss related to financial guarantees (cancellation loss).
Major Operating Companies
The Group’s Financial Services Business is being developed principally by MSI, ADI, and the following operating companies.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
(Source: iDeCo Web site)
853,723
257,579
183,543
March-end March-end March-end March-end March-end (FY)
      212,944
   FY2014
4.3
FY2015 FY2016
2.6 0.2
(¥ billion)
FY2017
5.4
2014 2015 2016
2017 2018
Support “good health and longevity”
     058 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Premium payment
    Sharp growth in iDeCo subscribers due to expansion in the subscriber pool in January 2017
  MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
Date established: December 1990
Number of employees: 12 (As of April 1, 2018) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100% URL ▶ http://www.msivc.co.jp/top_en.html
MS&AD Loan Services Co., Ltd.
Scope of operations: Entrusted administration services for customers within and outside the Group, credit guarantee services, and loan services for individuals Date established: October 1976
Number of employees: 162 (As of April 1, 2018) MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 100%
URL ▶ http://www.ms-ad-ls.co.jp/site/index (Japanese language only)
 Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited
Assets under management: ¥11,545.3 billion (As of March 31, 2018) Date established: December 2002
Number of employees: 643 (As of April 1, 2018)
MS&AD Insurance Group shareholding: 20% (As of April 1, 2018) URL ▶ https://www.smam-jp.com/english/index.html
* Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited has announced a basic agreement to merge with Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. After the merger, the MS&AD Group is scheduled to hold a 15% interest in the merged company, which will continue to remain an equity-method affiliate.
  
   CEO Message Who We Are
Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Where we are heading
 Asset Management Strategy
Asset management at the MS&AD Insurance Group is undertaken with an emphasis on stability and liquidity to prepare for the payment of insurance claims and benefits, and with the objective of ensuring stable returns on investments using ALM* based on the characteristics of the insurance liabilities.
The MS&AD Insurance Group aims to improve return on risk by dispersing investments in diverse and sophisticated investment assets while considering stability and reducing risk assets by accelerating the reduction of strategic equity holdings.
*ALM: Asset Liability Management. See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” on P. 92 for details.
Asset Management Conditions
Response to the Bank of Japan’s Negative Interest Rate Policy
Amid a low interest rate environment with Negative Interest Rate Policy at the at the Bank of Japan, we avoid investments in domestic bonds with negative yields and diversify investments in assets with relatively high expected returns (e.g., foreign bonds, foreign stocks, alternative investments) while considering risks in an effort to secure investment income.
Practicing Responsible Investment
FY2017 Investments in Foreign Bonds, Foreign Stocks and
 Alternative Investments (Invested Amount Basis)
(¥ billion)
+15.5 +0.0 +4.6 +9.9 +30.0
 Foreign bonds
Total
Of which, corporate bonds
Foreign stocks
Alternative investments
+119.1
+33.4
+13.4
+29.2
+161.7
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
 On June 1, 2015, the MS&AD Insurance Group became a signatory to the Principles for Responsible Investment. In accordance with these principles, we engage in investment activities that take into consideration ESG (environmental, social, governance) during the decision-making process.
  Actual Examples of ESG Investments
In November 2017, Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance invested in Industrialize Africa bonds issued by the African Development Bank.
Investment AUD 30 million (about ¥2.6 billion)
In February 2017, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance, Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance and Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance jointly invested in Sustainable Development Bonds (SDBs) issued by the World Bank.
Implementation of Japan’s Stewardship Code
In May 2014, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance declared their acceptance of Japan’s Stewardship Code and have since engaged in constructive dialogue about ESG with the companies in which they have invested.
      Dialogue with major invested companies
415
258
 33
+55.0
+24.8
+11.7
+8.4
+75.1
+48.6
+8.5
-2.9
+10.9
+56.7
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
  Used within the Industrialize Africa framework, a project that aims to industrialize Africa and achieve sustainable economic and social development across Africa
Number of companies in which we have invested and engaged in dialogue (July 2016–June 2017)
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
157
66
Total (simple sum)
   Investment
USD 120 million (about ¥13.5 billion)
Dialogue about the 99 exercise of voting rights
Examples of Disapprovals in the Exercise of Voting Rights
Total for three companies
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
  Used to finance projects that support sustainable development in developing countries
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance help solve social issues by investing in funds
Proposal
Appropriation of surplus(lowdividend payout ratio)
Nomination of director (no outside directors)
Nomination of director (scandal)
Reason for disapprovals
The dividend payout ratio was at a low level despite strong earnings, as indicated by record-high profits for several terms, and sufficientresourcesforreturningvaluetoshareholders.Despite engaging in dialogue, management showed little awareness of dividends and it was uncertain if dividends would improve in subsequent years. (Disapproval)
An outside director candidate was not selected, despite communicating the importance of outside directors and requesting the nomination of an outside director since before. (Disapproval)
The company proposed to nominate a director who had been deeply involved in management during multiple violations of the Anti-Monopoly Act and several administrative penalties against the company. Management did not provide a logical explanation for the proposal despite discussions about these concerns. (Disapproval)
   ・ Help accelerate innovation by investing in funds that support companies driving growth toward a future society, such as in AI technology, robotics and technologies that contribute to the realization of a hydrogen society
・ Support for revitalizing regional economies by investing in funds established to support growth at companies that play key roles in local communities
  For more detailed information, please see the official websites of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance.
Policy for Japan's Stewardship Code
URL ▶https://www.ms-ins.com/english/company/aboutus/stewardship/ https://www.aioinissaydowa.co.jp/english/pdf/stewardshipcode.pdf
Report about Stewardship Activities
URL ▶https://www.ms-ins.com/company/aboutus/stewardship/pdf/20160930.pdf (Japanese language only) https://www.aioinissaydowa.co.jp/corporate/policy/pdf/katsudohoukoku2015.pdf (Japanese language only)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 059
Our Way

   Special Feature
Aiming for a Resilient and Sustainable Society
Remarkable advances in the fields of science technology and medicine have enriched our lives, starting the era of a 100-year life span.
Meanwhile, new social issues have emerged, such as human impact on the global environment dramatically increasing and disasters and accidents growing in scale and severity.
Through the insurance and financial services business, the MS&AD Insurance Group aims to realize a resilient and sustainable society by solving these social issues while supporting our customers around the world who face various challenges.
Contributing to the Development of a Vibrant Society and Helping Secure a Sound Future for the Planet
        Social Issues
Diverse risks surrounding society
“World Map of Natural Catastrophes” (P. 67)
Reduce the economic burden
Identify and 1 inform on
risks
Global insurance / financial services business
Five Business Domains
  1
Story of Our CSV
Creating Shared Value (CSV) through the MS&AD Business Model
   1 Deal with new risks
P. 62
Resilient and sustainable society
・Stability in people’s lives ・Dynamic business activities
Provision of safety and peace of mind
    2 Support
"good health and longevity"
P. 63
 3 Contribute to
climate change mitigation
and adaptation
P. 64
     4 Work toward realization of "leaving no one behind"
P. 66
* See P. 13 for Initiatives for Seven Key Issues (Creating Shared Value).
Prevent risks from occurring / minimize the impact
 Systems Supporting Corporate Value Creation
Resilient system that can respond to changing environment
  060 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Medium-Term Management Plan P. 32
Optimum resource allocation and appropriate risk management
2
Corporate Governance 4 P.77
 ERM PP. 38, 70
Strengthening corporate governance
  Management platforms that enable employee to play active role and quality improvement
3 HumanAssetDevelopment and Quality Improvement P. 74
         
CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Voices of Our Colleagues
Aiming for a Resilient and Sustainable SocietySpecial Feature2 Julianna Shing
Risk Management, MS Amlin
My main task is to support the continued enhancement of ERM (Enterprise Risk Management), specifically to support the enhancement of the governance around the Internal Model (which is a key element of the ERM framework in MS&AD). This involves the exchange of opinions and information on ERM with Japanese colleagues in Tokyo, and together we are enhancing the design and implementation of the governance framework around the Internal Model.
By ensuring that the Company has an appropriate amount of capital in relation to the risks that it takes underwriting insurance policies and managing assets, we are providing the policy holders with the assurance that the Company is sufficiently financially sound to pay claims as they fall due.
  Wanda Irawan Anwarsyah
Human Resources & Learning Development, MSIG Indonesia
I am in charge of the Company’s Learning & Development Program, which includes training management, employee skill development plans, talent management, and the performance management system. The main objective of my job is to make sure everyone in the Company creates their own development plan and participates in at least one development program every year, which as a result enables every employee to contribute to the Company’s performance.
I believe that perhaps someday my efforts to nurture many insurance experts in our Company will help raise awareness of the importance of insurance among people in Indonesia. Beyond generating profits for the Company, I think these actions will also realize a society able to provide people with the financial security that allows them to live worry free.
3
  Pasquale Carlucci
Social Media and Communications, Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe
One of my roles is supporting internal communications such as engaging all employees across Europe around key issues that are important to the business, and increasing interaction and dialogue between our colleagues and senior management. This is because we believe that an engaged workforce strengthens the brand and our services offered, which in turn improves the resilient and sustainable development of society. In fact, we have worked on internal communication around special projects and campaigns including Diversity & Inclusion in the workplace, Wellbeing week for employees’ health and productivity management; and GDPR as a key regulatory development in Europe.
3
   4
My responsibilities include corporate functions such as corporate planning, supporting governance and internal control processes, overseeing internal and external communication, as well as company activities such as human resource development, quality management, and CSR activities. My work at the Thailand Branch specifically revolves around corporate governance improvement along with compliance and risk.
I am proud that my daily work contributes to the Company’s transparency and its sound decision making. An insurance company should create trust among the people, and I believe we work every day to fulfill our roles and responsibilities.
Karnkitti Patanasuthikul
Corporate Planning, MSI Thailand Branch
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 061
  1
Deal with new risksSpecial Feature
Creating Shared Value Addressing the new needs of our customers
Our customers’ needs have changed and diversified along with the emergence of new risks resulting from changes in the social environment. The MS&AD Insurance Group has worked to rapidly incorporate these changes in society by investing in industry-academia collaborations and start-up companies in Silicon Valley. In this way, the Group has been advancing initiatives that can deliver optimal risk solutions to our customers.
  Story of my CSV
MSI and ADI provide jointly developed cyber insurance in preparation for cyber risks, but it has become necessary for us to go beyond insurance-based economic compensation in response to the more advanced and sophisticated cyberattacks of today. We must now provide support in terms of services, including preventing cyberattacks. Therefore, we have joined forces with a cyber-security firm that offers the latest expertise in this field to deliver services designed to evaluate cyber risks from a multitude of angles, as well as to provide support when cyber-attacks occur for the initial response and for minimizing and mitigating damage.
Challenging the Future of Insurance from Silicon Valley
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Commercial Product Underwriting Department Cyber Insurance Underwriting Division
Nozomi Kanematsu
     062
According to a survey by the National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT), cyberattack-related communications targeting networks in Japan have escalated annually, reaching 150.4 billion incidents in 2017, a level that is 2.7 times higher than in 2015. Moreover, it has become essential for companies that conduct business globally to design sophisticated countermeasures on a global scale that can address the surge in diversity and complexity of these cyber risks.
150.4 billion incidents
 This program dispatches employees directly to Silicon Valley from the individual operating companies in Japan and overseas, and provides support for introducing and collaborating with venture companies that hold the latest technologies and business models with the potential to solve the pain points of the individual companies.
By investing in start-up companies that have taken leadership roles in advanced technologies and business models, and by pursuing strategic successes while collaborating with operating companies in Japan and overseas, this program contributes to the sustainable growth and earnings of the Group on a global basis.
Naoya Osugi, Product Department, Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
In order to unearth advanced technologies and new services that deliver solutions for business-related challenges, MSI Aioi Life participated in the MS&AD Garage Program. Upon meeting directly with multiple venture companies from Silicon Valley and participating in seminars primarily related to Insurtech, we were able to link the latest valuable information to the Head Office. In this way, we are also tackling ways to change the mind-set within the organization as a breath of fresh air for the Head Office that will instill the sense of speed, innovative conception, and other aspects of how Silicon Valley conducts business.
Takashi Sato, Corporate Planning Department (Silicon Valley overseas representative), Holding Company
"Silicon Valley is not a place one comes to find the right answers; it is a place for taking action under one’s own initiative to create the right answers." Following my appointment as the first overseas representative in Silicon Valley in May 2017, this is the most common piece of advice I have received here. We are not searching for the future of insurance; rather, the 47 countries and regions in which the Group operates are striving together as one to create the future of insurance on our own.
 1 MS&AD Garage Program
 2 MS&AD Ventures (Newly established)
     MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
Creating Shared Value
Aiming for a Resilient and Sustainable Society
2
Support “good health and longevity”Special Feature  Preparing for dementia and nursing care
The number of persons certified for support and long-term care under the public nursing care insurance system as publicized by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare has increased annually ever since the system was launched in 2000. In fact, by 2015 this number reached a level that was approximately 2.5 times higher than that of the year the system began. In consideration of this situation and in order to further enhance preparations for the economic burden related to nursing care, MSI Aioi Life renewed its "Whole Life Care Protection Policy." Specifi- cally, we added protection for dementia care, which imparts the greatest burden of all types of nursing care, thereby enabling more generous preparations for uncertainty regarding the growing social problem of nursing care.
Supporting the “100-year life” society
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance is working to enhance its lineup of products and services so that it can address the various needs required for our customers to live a more enriching life after retirement.
In February 2018, they began selling a new tontine-type* annuity insurance product, the first of its kind in the industry, as a lump-sum payment foreign currency denominated annuity insurance product aimed at supporting enjoyable lifestyles in the "100-year life" society. Since operations began in 2002, they have acquired know-how through our continuous support for asset building among our customers via over-the-counter sales at financial institutions. By utilizing this know-how to manage good yield foreign currency assets and improve the tontine-type aspect, they have made this the first such product in the industry that enables annuities to be received "immediately" starting one month after signing and "throughout" the policy holder's entire life. As such, it has received the support of our customers.
*Tontine refers to a system for transferring annuities whereby protections for the deceased parties are curbed and the difference is transferred to the surviving parties, thereby enabling those living longer lives to receive a greater annuity. The name of this system originates from the insurance scheme proposed by Lorenzo de Tonti of Italy.
 2018年5月版
あしたの、よろこび
通貨選択生存保障重視型個人年金保険
「あしたの、よろこび」は、“長生き”に備える年金保険です。
契約締結前交付書面(契約概要/注意喚起情報)兼 商品パンフレット
こ の 書 面 は 「、 契 約 締 結 前 交 付 書 面 」 と 「 商 品 パ ン フ レ ッ ト 」 で 構 成 さ れ て い ま す 。「 契 約 締 結 前 交 付 書 面 」 は 、 ご 契 約 のお申込みに際しての重要な事項を「契約概要「」注意喚起情報」に分類のうえ記載しています。ご契約前に必ず 十分にお読みいただき、内容をご確認・ご了承のうえ、お申込みいただきますようお願いいたします。
商品パンフレット P1 契約概要 P23 注意喚起情報 P33
        「あしたの、よろこび」は、三井住友海上プライマリー生命を引受保険会社とする生命保険商品です。
預金とは異なり、元本保証はありません。
  Story of my
CSV My job is to make product pamphlets and explanatory materials. It is important for us to
utilize the expertise that is unique to the Group and deliver helpful information of which our customers are unaware, such as that our customers themselves are increasingly likely to live longer and information regarding what they should do to prepare for living a long, enriching life. Because many of our customers are elderly, we prepare materials that explain the product features in easy-to-understand terms and that also consider visual aspects. We also work together with financial institution-affiliated agencies to provide information that is easy to understand from the perspective of our customers.
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Product and Marketing Department Marketing Group
Makiko Watanabe
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 063
Special Feature
The average life span in Japan has continued to rise steadily, and is expected to reach 84.02 years for males and 90.40 years for females in 2050. The peak age of death is approaching 87 for males and 93 for females, however, indicating that we have entered an era where it is no longer rare for people to live past the average lifespan.
100 Years
 As Japan approaches this super-aging society, there has been a growing demand for
asset building schemes that supplement public pensions, as well as for gifting and
inheritance schemes that transfer assets seamlessly to the next generation.
Source: National Institute of Population and Social Security Research "Population Projection for Japan (2017 estimates)" / Ministry of Health Labour and Welfare "Abridged Life Table for Japan 2016 "
   3
Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptationSpecial Feature
Creating Shared Value
 Predicting the impact of climate change
As climate change progresses, the risk of physical damage and profit loss, such as that from floods and drought, is expected to increase in the future. With the adoption of Paris Agreement in 2015, risks that emerge during the process of shifting to a carbon-free society (stricter regulation of existing products and services, and reputation risks, such as the loss of support from customers for business models that emit high volumes of CO2, etc.) may also have a major impact on business activities. Understanding the management risks related to climate change is essential to formulating corporate management strategies and is, at the same time, important information for investors when making long-term investments. As such, it is now of utmost importance for companies to analyze the impact that climate change will have on their own business activities.
As an initiative to “identify and inform on risks,” the MS&AD Insurance Group launched a platform in May 2018 that enables users to view the results of long-term forecasts regarding changes in flood frequencies that will coincide with climate change on a free web-based geographic information (web-GIS) system. This "Large-Scale Risk Assessment of
Climate Change for Flood (LaRC-Flood(TM)) Project" has received the cooperation of Professor Hirabayashi of Shibaura Institute of Technology, and Associate Professor Yamazaki of the Institute of Industrial Science, at the University of Tokyo, and is based on the research results of "Global Flood Risk under Climate Change."* This research was also mentioned in the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report.
Companies with operational bases throughout the world can utilize this map to generally grasp the impact of long-term flood damage that they might incur.
Scientific analysis of the impact to weather disaster that will be brought about by these climate change is still in the on-going research phase. Together with these two universities, MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting is also advancing research to elucidate the causal relationship between climate change and flood risk. The MS&AD Group is pouring its energy into solving social issues by tackling the risk of climate change continuously through collaborations of industry, government and academia.
*Hirabayashi Y, Mahendran R, Koirala S, Konoshima L, Yamazaki D, Watanabe S, Kim H and Kanae S (2013) Global flood risk under climate change. Nat Clim Chang., 3(9), 816-821. doi:10.1038/nclimate1911
Prediction Map Showing Changes in Flood Frequencies
    Story of my CSV
Over the past year through the consulting work for our customers, I have recognized that many companies have defined climate change as a major management risk. (Mr. Echizenya)
As a member of the environment section, I was able to help launch this project by working with Mr. Echizenya and other members from the section on natural disasters. I hope that we can continue working together on this challenge. (Mr. Terasaki)
 MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting Risk Management Third Department CSR & Environment Section Senior Consultant
Kousuke Terasaki
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting
Corporate Planning Department Risk Measurement and Assessment Section Consultant
Wataru Echizenya
   064 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
Aiming for a Resilient and Sustainable Society  Hedging against management risks resulting from extreme weather
In addition to weather disasters such as floods and typhoons, other unseasonable weather, such as long rainfall and unusually high and low temperatures, hold the potential to bring about significant losses to business activities. Upon clearly defining the risks that coincide with this type of abnormal weather, the Group has sophisticated methods for "reducing the economic burden caused when risks occur". One of these methods is weather derivatives. Weather derivatives are effective in avoiding and mitigating losses caused to businesses and stabilizing earnings by automatically transferring the right to receive compensation if certain conditions exceed (or fall below) the baseline temperature, precipitation, wind speed, snow fall, hours of sunlight, or some other predefined weather indicator.
MSI works with MSI GuaranteedWeather, LLC, a wholly owned MSI subsidiary and global weather risk management company located in Kansas, USA, to sell weather derivatives in Japan and overseas. Since December 2016, MSI Guarnateed- Weather has operated a system that utilizes satellite observa- tion data from NASA and other sources to design products that suit the actual risks to the individual business locations of our customers. This move has enabled us to offer weather derivatives even in regions where detailed ground-based observation data are not available and where underwriting has typically been difficult.
Transaction Examples
Agriculture
Solar Power Generation
Power Company
Risk of reduced crop yields caused by droughts
Risk of reduced power generation caused by insufficient sunlight
Risk of profit loss caused by decreased power demand
     Industries
Climate Risk
  Drought
 Insufficient sunlight
 Mild winter
Purpose of Weather Derivatives

The IPCC Fifth Assessment Report predicts that under the worst-case scenario where no effective measures are taken, average global temperatures will rise by a maximum of 4.8°C by the end of this century as compared with the present. Given the understanding that there is a close relationship that exists between climate change and abnormal extreme weather, weather disasters are also expected to become more severe and frequent.


4
Work toward realization of
“leaving no one behind” Microinsurance for the poor
Expanding social security has been a major challenge in India. In 2016, the government set out to expand systems for protecting the lives and incomes of farmers during times of poor yield caused by natural catastrophes and droughts, and started a new agricultural insurance scheme with a low premium burden on farmers (PMFBY). Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited (hereafter, Chola MS), a local MSI subsidiary in India, has participated in this scheme since its start. Currently, Chola MS also sells livestock insurance for low-income groups in addition to the PMFBY.
Increasing accessibility to financial services: Deployment of the Smart Office
Within the vast land of India, penetration of insurance in rural areas is also a challenge. Since October 2015, Chola MS has established small-scale offices (“Smart Offices”) equipped with insurance policy certificate issuing machines in small and medium-sized cities, as well as towns and villages, where the penetration of insurance has been slow compared to large metropolitan areas (390 offices are established as of March 31, 2018). When a customer visits an office, a policy certificate can be issued on the spot. The fact that actual offices are located in familiar locations, such as local marketplaces, garners trust, has led to a steady increase in the number of insurance policies issued. This move has contributed to the penetration of insurance in regions where access to insurance has been inconvenient in the past.
Creating employment opportunities in rural areas of IndiaSpecial Feature
Creating Shared Value
    066
10%
As of 2015, 10% of the global labor force and their families lived on less than US$1.90 per day, which is defined as the extreme poverty line. Along with breaking the cycle of poverty and providing solutions that lead to economic independence, there is a need for initiatives that improve accessibility to financial services.
 In 2013, Chola MS began contracting out its insurance policy issuing services to an association that tackles job creation in rural areas. This was made for the purpose of creating jobs among women living in rural areas for whom there are few job opportunities other than agriculture. Having undergone continuous training that provides an understanding of insurance products and terminology, approximately 80 staff members are now involved in insurance policy issuing services for automobile and personal medical insurance. This staff has issued approximately 810,000 insurance policies per year.
By advancing initiatives that increase motivation, such as presenting gifts to staff who have improved quality to a significant degree, the project has also contributed greatly to improving the skills of women in the workforce.
Comments from employees at a rural policy issuing contractor
●I would like say thanks for giving this opportunity for part of the employees in Chola MS.
●Good learning experience and helps us achieve better career growth.
  MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
 !
¥40.5 billion 40.7%
!
CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix Data Section Aiming for a Resilient and
Sustainable Society
Special Feature
World Map of Natural Catastrophes in 2017*1
In recent years, the effects of climate change have been felt around the world, with powerful typhoons, hurricanes and cyclones, torrential rainfall, drought, heat waves, and other abnormal weather causing damage more frequently and on a larger scale. Last year particularly, three hurricanes in North America and the Caribbean Sea, as well as forest fires in the State of California in the US, caused insured losses exceeding ¥15 trillion, making this the most devastating year in history in terms of natural catastrophes.
The MS&AD Insurance Group has helped its customers mitigate economic losses caused by major disasters through the claims payments, supporting the restoration of business activities and the livelihoods of people around the world.
Europe Non-USA April Frost Damage 4
USA
August to September Hurricane Harvey Insured loss*2 ¥3,361.2 billion
USA 3
Insured loss*2
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3 MS&AD's share*4
Philippines, Japan
¥104.2 billion ¥0 billion 0.0%
Non-USA 5
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3 MS&AD's share*4
¥24.5 billion 0.7%
USA, Caribbean
October Typhoon Lan (Paolo)
September Hurricane Irma
Insured loss*2 ¥3,361.2 billion
Insured loss*2
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*5 MS&AD's share*4
¥99.5 billion (¥121.6 billion*6)
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3 MS&AD's share*4
¥36.2 billion 1.1%
China, Vietnam, Hong Kong
August Typhoon Hato Insured loss*2
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3 MS&AD's share*4
Australia
March Cyclone Debbie
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3 4
Insured loss*2
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3 MS&AD's share*4
¥146.3 billion ¥2.9 billion 2.0%
USA 1
Non-USA 3
¥124.0 billion ¥2.3 billion 1.9%
Non-USA 1
Insured loss*2
¥1,162.5 billion ¥25.4 billion 2.2%
(33.3 %*7) !
USA (Northern California)
October Wildland Fire
USA USA 4 5
!
!
!
!
!
!
MS&AD's share*
!
Mexico
September
Non-USA Earthquake2
*1 The five most costly insurance market losses in 2017 for the USA (some losses include those from countries along the Caribbean Sea coast) and the five most costly insurance market losses outside of the USA (Non-USA) from natural catastrophes according to Swiss Re's sigma No 1/2018 “Natural catastrophes and man-made disasters in 2017: a year of record-breaking losses”
*2 Insured Loss: Estimated amount of insurance market loss covered by non-life insurance companies around the world (source: Swiss Re's sigma No 1/2018). Exchange rate: US1$=¥112.04 (used for internal purposes in FY2018).
*3 As of December 31, 2017. Total net incurred loss (claims paid + outstanding claims, reflects recoverable and anticipated recoverable amounts from outward reinsurance contracts) by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and their overseas subsidiaries. Excludes claims less than ¥50 million at entities outside the affected countries.
*4 Ratio of total net incurred loss of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and their overseas subsidiaries to the insured loss. *5 As of March 31, 2018. Total net incurred loss of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance.
*6 As of March 31, 2018. Insurance claims paid in Japan (includes estimates) (Source: The General Insurance Association of Japan).
*7 Ratio of total incurred losses by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance to *6 above.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 067
Insured loss*2
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3 MS&AD's share*4
USA, Caribbean
¥134.4 billion ¥6.3 billion 4.7%
September
Hurricane Maria
2
Insured loss* ¥3,585.3 billion
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3 ¥21.5 billion MS&AD's share*4 0.6%
USA 2
  Special Feature
Dialogue with Our Stakeholders
Aiming for a Resilient and Sustainable Society: New Medium-Term Management Plan “Vision 2021”
 Director,
Vice President, CFO
Shiro Fujii
Nissay Asset Management Corporation Chief Corporate Governance Officer General Manager of the Equity Investment Department (investment research)
George Iguchi
CSO Network Japan President & CEO Executive Director
Kaori Kuroda Yasuyoshi Karasawa
    In FY2018, the MS&AD Insurance Group launched the medium-term management plan “Vision 2021.” In the plan, we set a resilient and sustainable society to realize by 2030, and we intend to make it happen by continuing to create shared value with stakeholders.
To gain stakeholders’ insight, we invited two professionals for a discussion to get feedback for “Vision 2021.” We spoke with George Iguchi of Nissay Asset Management Corporation, an industry leader in promoting ESG investment, who serves as a committee member for the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry Study Group on Investment for Sustainable Value Creation, and Kaori Kuroda of CSO Network Japan, an organization that promotes initiatives to achieve the SDGs, who serves as a committee member for the Cabinet Office SDGs Promotion Round Table Meetings.
 Karasawa: We introduced a resilient and sustainable society as an image of future society we are aiming to realize in the plan. Based on the story of value creation we established in the previous medium-term management plan, we will make further advances in pursuing our group’s mission, vision and values by utilizing SDGs as guideposts.
Please tell us about your opinions and impressions regarding this direction for the Group.
Kuroda: We are now in an era of growing uncertainty. With the frequent occurrence of unusual weather, Brexit, and the rise of protectionism, the resulting political friction, severe refugee problems, and the security environment are also very unstable. Given this situation, it is likely that the role of insurance will continue to gain in importance. The
business and social contribution activities towards providing solutions to the challenges faced by society along the same direction and through the same strategy.
Iguchi: Investors are not only interested in balance sheets or other charts and figures, but must discover how the company achieved these figures and what lies behind them. For example, when we hear an earnings increase, we verify factors involved with the increase as well as its sustainability. If the factors are short-term, then an impact on stock price is small, but if it is long-term, we can see a factor only when we connect financial performance with non-financial aspects, such as customer satisfaction, relationship with society, and employee motivation. In this respect, I think that MS&AD’s KPI Tree*, which displays both financial and non-financial indicators and initiatives, is an extremely good example. MS&AD is probably the only company in the financial industry that has made this kind of KPI breakdown.
Fujii: Because the Group was formed from several companies, I think it has been important for us to cultivate a sense of unity using our story of value creation as a common thread. As with Mr. Karasawa, the management class talks about the story of value creation during every opportunity, and we distribute pamphlets and have taken other initiatives in order to explain the relationship between the SDGs and day-to-day business activities so that our employees can recognize the value of working for the Group. We also conduct employee surveys to grasp the degree to which these ideas have penetrated the company and make reports to the Board of Directors, for example.
*See “KPI and Specific Initiatives to Achieve Group Adjusted Profit Target and Sustainable Growth” on P. 43.
special feature in the previous MS&AD Integrated Report introduced a couple of business cases as a story of value creation, including risk surveys for ensuring safety at factories in Thailand, an initiative for telematics technology-based driving safety, and training to reduce accidents. What impressed me was that MS&AD is deploying both its core insurance
 068 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
  
  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Our Platform Appendix Data Section
Kuroda: In the case of some European companies, outside-in approaches have been taken where these companies create opportunities to link major global challenges to their businesses, and utilize the SDGs as a tool to advance the initiatives of each individual employee. Meanwhile, other companies have reevaluated routine tasks using the SDGs' philosophy as one of their benchmarks. MS&AD’s initiatives seem to take a similar approach.
Iguchi: Investors are also keen to know the way in which this concept is being instilled in the mind of employees. In last year's MS&AD Integrated Report, employees from
countries around the world talked about how they practiced value creation. The KPI Tree also listed the number of employees participating in social contribution activities. What MS&AD designs as linkage of these figures and financial figures is very unique among Japanese companies.
Kuroda: International research has publicized data showing the positive correlation between social contribution activities and the sense of belonging and loyalty to one's company among the employees. I like the fact that MS&AD has released such information.
Iguchi: I think it is also extremely important that MS&AD shares the results of employee satisfaction surveys with its outside directors and receives feedback. Such action gives rise to feelings of trust in the company, and conveys the company's seriousness. In regard to the recent topic of work-style reform, having a thorough conversation about the reasons why work-style reform is necessary is first and foremost. Although the background and goals for the reform might vary for each company, simply stating that the company will reduce overtime is not enough. Rather, I feel that it is necessary to clarify company’s goals for the reform and build a framework to make it happen.
Karasawa: One of the goals of the Group's work-style reforms is to improve labor productivity. The issue of
labor shortages has arisen amid Japan's declining population, but the only solution is to increase productivity. Another one of our goals is innovation. Innovation only comes about when work is undertaken with a margin of freedom. So it is important to cultivate a culture in which employees can be active and work creatively.
Kuroda: I also think it is important to communicate to clarify the reasons for work style reforms, empowering women at work, and respecting diversity. In terms of the labor productivity and innovation you mentioned, human assets development likely holds an important key.
Fujii: Finally, we would like to have your views or comments for the Group management plan “Vision 2021.”
Iguchi: From an investor's perspective, I think that the relationships between corporate management strategies, numerical targets, and ESG initiatives are inseparable, so I support the direction taken by the medium-term management plan with its basis in the concept of CSV. Listening to what you have said, I feel that MS&AD’s various initiatives for working towards the creation of shared value, and having the Board of Directors monitor and discuss these initiatives, are ahead of their time. Going forward, I believe that informing investors of these initiatives will increase MS&AD’s value in terms of credibility and transparency.
Kuroda: I highly respect MS&AD’s various social contribution activities, including its contribution to the development of local communities and its holding of seminars related to ESG... Such social contribution activities can also connect to business in the future when seen from a long-term perspective. I expect that advancing a best mix of existing core business and social contribution activities, which might one day become core business activities, will perfectly match the CSV concept being prioritized here. I also respect the fact that MS&AD places importance on this kind of dialogue and collaboration with its stakeholders. The SDGs used as guideposts for Vision 2021 are emerging as a common theme and common language that supersedes national borders and business sectors, so I hope MS&AD continues to further strengthen cooperation with its many stakeholders as a means of solving the challenges faced by society.
Aiming for a Resilient and Sustainable Society
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 069
Special Feature
 
 ERM
ERM and Risk Management
The MS&AD Insurance Group formulates management plans in accordance with the Group Risk Appetite Statement with the aim of improving profitability and enhancing capital efficiency while ensuring soundness based on the ERM cycle. Capital is allocated in accordance with the ERM cycle and the risks assumed, and by monitoring return on risk (ROR) for the risks assumed, we take steps to strengthen our risk controls and underwriting.
  ERM Cycle
ERM is implemented through planning, execution and monitoring phases.
1. Formulate strategies based on the Group Risk Appetite Statement, and establish capital allocation amounts based on the level of assumable risk.
2. Take risks within the risk limits based on capital allocation amounts.
3. Conduct regular monitoring of financial sound- ness, profitability and capital efficiency.
4. Based on the outcome of monitoring, examine and implement any necessary measures.
Initiatives to Improve ROR
Planning phase
  Planning phase
Execution phase
Monitoring phase
     Monitoring phase
Execution phase
   Trends in return on risk (ROR), which are an indicator of the profits that can be earned on risks assumed, are a proxy for the earnings power of the Group’s risk portfolio. The MS&AD Insurance Group aims to continue improving ROR by setting targets for ROR in each business domain, periodically checking ROR and taking initiatives to improve ROR. Although each business domain has performed differently, Groupwide ROR*1 has been on a steady uptrend.
  Analyze and manage ROR by line of business and product Manage budgets based on expected values
Improve ROR
  Implement growth strategies based on the medium-term management plan
Implement and continue measures to improve lines of business with low ROR
Diversify the portfolio, including business investments Reinforce controls on natural disaster risks
 Set fiscal year targets for each business domain
ROR by business domain
Allocate capital with consideration paid to ROR and other factors
(%) 25%
20% 15% 10%
5%
0% -5% -20%
Entire Group Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
 Domestic Life Insurance Business*2
International Business
               070
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
2013
2014 2015
2016 2017
2018 2019
(Forecast) (Outlook) (Outlook)
1. ROR = Group Adjusted Profit / integrated risk amount
2. Within domestic life insurance, return is calculated as the amount of increase in EEV at Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance. The return of the entire Group is calculated using
the Group Adjusted Profit of Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance.
2021 (FY-end)

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
  Control of Risk
The MS&AD Group has established the MS&AD Insurance Group Risk Management Basic Policy, which underpins the common risk management exercised throughout the Group. Specifically, the policy identifies the principal types of risk with an impact on the Group’s business portfolio, stipulates how risk factors are to be evaluated both quantitatively and qualitatively, and promotes risk management based on those evaluations.
More information on the Group’s risk management systems is posted on the Group’s official Web site.
Please refer to the Group's official website for more risk management information.
Website Content
● Risk management (https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/company/value/erm/risk.html)
● Risk management basic policy
● Risk management structure
● Insurance business risks
● Risk management in the international business
● Crisis management system
(including the Business Continuity Management System)
Specifying Risks
Group Material Risks (FY2018)
The Group specifies material risks to be controlled by management and formulates a Management Action Plan as well as regularly monitors the status with respect to individual risk to maintain a focus on the potential impact of those risks on the Group.
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
Group Emerging Risks
Group Emerging Risks are defined as
By quickly grasping when such risks rise, we can take specific steps to address them with an eye on the future. Group Emerging   as not only threats but also   for solving environmental and social issues. Group Emerging Risks are reflected in developing products and services and formulating management strategies.
1) events that
 could affect the Group business from a medium- to
 longer-term perspective and 2) events that could affect
 the Group business that management should be
 aware of but are difficult to measure in terms of scale
 and timing.
 Risks are viewed
potential business opportunities
 Examples of Initiatives
    1. Declining Birthrate and Aging Population
The domestic insurance market is anticipated to contract, but growth in the elderly population and longer life spans have created new needs for insurance. The Group is creating new markets by researching and developing insurance products, such as “Tontine Annuities,” while addressing the increasing frequency of car accidents caused by elderly drivers by offering new insurance products that utilize telematics technology. In addition, we are strengthening our international business and moving forward with reforms to our business portfolio.
2. Climate Change
The occurrence of unprecedentedly large natural disasters has led to considerable amounts of insurance payments. The Group maintains adequate financial soundness by refining its natural disaster risk analysis model, conducting stress tests and arranging reinsurance protections. In addition, we support the promotion of renewable energy with risk solutions and insurance to mitigate climate change. As a measure to address climate change, we provide risk assessment and consulting services to mitigate customers’ losses, and in 2018 we started collaborative research on future disaster risk prediction based on climate change with the University of Tokyo and the Shibaura Institute of Technology.
    1. Occurrence of a large-scale natural disaster in Japan or overseas
2. Sharp fluctuations in financial markets in Japan or overseas
3. Increase in credit risk and nonperforming loans
4. Occurrence of behavior that loses interest for customers or behavior that violates laws and regulations and is detrimental to the corporate value of the Group
5. Occurrence of cyberattacks that cause large-scale and serious impediments to operations, information leaks, the payment of insurance, and frequent occurrence of large-scale leaks and illicit use of personal information and confidential information
6. Frequent occurrence of IT system failures and the occurrence of critical IT system failures
7. Pandemic of a new highly toxic strain of influenza
8. Occurrence of a serious labor problem (e.g., long working hours, harassment), loss of social credibility
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 071
Our Platform

 We aim to advance ERM to address
the emergence of new accumulation risks, such as the risk of multiple natural disasters and cyberattacks.
Senior Executive Officer, CRO
Fumiaki Ohkawabata
   Covered event
Issuance size
Risk spread
Issuer
USD 220 million
Institutional investors
 Sponsor
Class A Notes Class B Notes
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Event of typhoons, floods and earthquake fire expenses in Japan
 Akibare Re Ltd.
  Risk period
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
 ERM
  Strengthening Natural Disaster Risk Management
In 2017, a number of natural disasters struck, including several massive hurricanes and widespread wildfires in North America, resulting in the largest amount of insured losses in the history of the non-life insurance industry.
The MS&AD Insurance Group has built a system able to ensure the soundness of the entire Group by performing stress tests versus large-scale insured losses caused by earthquakes, windstorms and floods in Japan, as well as hurricanes in the United States, while securing the necessary capital based on event probability of once in 200 years to calculate estimated loss amounts. In FY2017, the Group was able to reliably sustain operations while maintaining a proper level of financial soundness.
Recently, however, major hurricanes, typhoons and heavy snowfalls like those seen in FY2017 have occurred with greater frequency, increasing the scale and frequency of natural disasters. Under these circumstances, the Group intends to advance the level of its natural disaster risk management by refining methods for measuring risks related to windstorms, floods and heavy snow in Japan, as well as windstorms and floods in the United States, enhancing stress tests, and promoting research and assessments of natural disaster risks in Asia.
Controlling the Retained Amount of Natural Disaster Risk
In FY2017, although our financial soundness was not affected, the Group’s fiscal year earnings were severely affected by large-scale losses caused by natural disasters. Accordingly, we redoubled our efforts to control the retained amount of risk for natural disasters.
Specifically, we 1) strengthened Group management of risks related to windstorms, floods and heavy snow in Japan and windstorms and floods in the United States; 2) began monitoring the amount of risk with reoccurrence intervals of 10 years; and 3) our two Group domestic non-life insurance companies jointly issued catastrophe bonds to cover the domestic risks of windstorms and floods.
Outline of the Catastrophe Bond “Akibare Re 2018-1” Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Event of typhoons and floods in Japan
USD 100 million 1.9% per annum
Akibare Re Ltd.
Four years (from March 31, 2018, to March 31, 2022)
At the time of issuance
At the time of a qualifying event
Issuance of notes
Reinsurance claims payment
Proceeds
Reinsurance premium
Reduced or lost principal
Reinsurance claims payment
 Strengthening Management of Cyber Risks (Underwriting Risk)
The threat of cyber risks has grown rapidly in the past few years alongside advances in digital technology and the proliferation of products that use this technology. Multiple cyber risks can emerge simultaneously around the world, making it imperative that we strengthen our accumulation management of insurance underwriting risk that covers damages caused by cyberattacks.
The Group has to date viewed information leaks caused by cyberattacks as a material risk for the Group. From FY2018, the Group is reinforcing its accumulation risk management system by adding the risk of insurance payments due to cyberattacks and assessing the scale of cyber risk through stress testing.
072 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
ERM
Promotion of Compliance
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
 Positioning compliance as a top Group management priority, the MS&AD Insurance Group requires that all its officers and employees rigorously comply with all laws and regulations related to business activities.
   Mechanism to Ensure the Effectiveness of Rules and Systems
The MS&AD Insurance Group Compliance Basic Policy is shared across the entire Group as the basis for our approach to compliance. The Compliance Program is a companywide plan of action for compliance that was approved by the Board of Directors of each group company. Status updates and issues that need to be addressed for the action plan are reported to the Compliance Committees and Board of Directors of each Group company.
The Quality Improvement and Compliance Committee was formed to improve quality across the Group, ensuring thorough compliance and the monitoring of established corporate ethics.
Important matters are reported to the Board of Directors.
Initiatives to Protect Customer Information
Based on the MS&AD Insurance Group Basic Policy for Management of Customer Information, internal rules have been created for the proper acquisition, use and storage of customer information, while related security measures have been implemented with employee training and internal inspections as well. Our personal information protection policy is published on the official website as the MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., Declaration of Personal Information Protection (Privacy Policy). Group companies are prepared to take appropriate courses of action in the event of an information leak or other incident and have created measures to respond rapidly to incidents and prevent their reoccurrence.
TOPICS
Group companies take steps to prevent the use of their products and services from being used in money laundering and the financing of terrorism, and pursue Fair Operating Practices including the “prevention of corruption including bribes” and “compliance with laws and regulations regarding political activities and political funds.” Given tighter regulations overseas, we are strengthening related initiatives at overseas entities, including the updating of necessary systems and training based on compliance manuals used at overseas entities.
Please see our official website for more information on compliance.
Initiatives for Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism Fair Operating Practices
 Compliance
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/company/value/compliance.html
● Compliance Basic Policy
● Compliance promotion structure
● Activities (Compliance Program, Compliance Manual,
compliance-related training, compliance-related inspection, monitoring activities and Speak-up system (internal reporting system)
● Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism
● Prevention of Corruption and Bribery
● Compliance promotion structure in the International
Business
● Tax compliance efforts (basic approach to taxation)
 Information Security
http://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/company/value/information.html
● Basic View and Policy
● StructureofInformationSecurityManagementandMonitoringActivities ● Declaration of Personal Information Protection (Privacy Policy)
    Response to Global Regulations for Personal Information Protection
As companies around the world share information about individuals amid increasing globalization, governments have moved to strengthen regulations that protect individual rights.
One example is the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that was enacted by the European Union in May 2018. Japanese companies are also subject to the GDPR, exposing them to high financial penalties if found in violation
of the regulations. For this reason, MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings put together a project to examine how the entire Group should respond. We are striving for proper management by putting into place a global management structure, forging agreements within the Group on how to transfer data and setting rules for handling data at subsidiaries in Japan and around the world.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 073
Our Platform

 Human Asset Development and Quality Improvement
Promoting Diversity in Human Assets
Under its medium-term management plan “Vision 2021,” the MS&AD Insurance Group is positioning initiatives for the creation of management platforms that enable employees to play active roles as the support for putting into practice of stories of value creation. At the same time, the Group is working on human asset* training and diversity & inclusion as sources of the Group's comprehensive strength.
* With the idea that each and every member of the MS&AD Insurance Group is valued, we used the term “human assets” instead of “human resources.”
    Diversity & Inclusion
To enhance the Group's comprehensive strength, under the executive officer in charge of diversity & inclusion, we work to create the management platforms, so that employees with various backgrounds, individuality and a sense of values are able to maximize their abilities and actively demonstrate those abilities.
Promoting the career development of women
The Group actively promotes women, and with 613 women in management positions and a ratio of female managers now at 9.9%,* their numbers are steadily increasing each year. To foster female managers we are holding training sessions and seminars on an ongoing basis and working to improve their leadership skills and awareness of career advancement. In addition, each Group company will continue to provide environments in which women are able to continue to work and actively participate after and during life events, such as childbirth and child rearing.
* The five domestic Group insurance companies + the holding company (as of April 2018)
Promoting career development of global human assets
Possessing a network covering 47 countries and regions, the Group employees at its overseas bases number approximately 9,000 people. To train specialists equipped with an abundance of cosmopolitan sense and expertise, the Group has created systems to promote mutual exchanges between Japan and its various locations throughout the world.
・Training system for studying international business skills, languages, etc., at overseas subsidiaries, local insurance companies and universities
・Secondment system to obtain MBA
No. of employees who participated in system in fiscal 2017: 55
Headquarters employees are given work experience at overseas bases, and employees of overseas bases can gain work experience in Japan for short periods.
No. of employees who participated in system in fiscal 2017: 67 headquarters employees and 51 overseas employees.
A system for temporarily posting overseas local employees to the headquarters in Japan.
A total of 78 overseas local employees had engaged in business at the Group’s headquarters in Japan up to and including fiscal 2017.
Overseas employees participating in a program in Japan.
Employment of people with disabilities
In June 2018, we established a subsidiary, MS&AD ABILITYWORKS Co., Ltd., to promote the employment and active participation of people with disabilities.
Group companies are also promoting the hiring of para-athletes (sports athletes with disabilities) and providing support for their activities as athletes.
Total number and ratio of domestic employees* with disabilities in fiscal 2017
2.37%✓ 719 ✓
* The five domestic Group insurance companies + the holding company (as of June 2018)
The ✓ symbol for fiscal 2017 figures indicates a third-party assurance from KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
TOPICS
    Systems Content
 Employee Satisfaction
To connect the power of diverse employees to the Group’s comprehensive strength centered on the Group’s Mission, Vision, and Values, we are conducting awareness surveys of all Group employees.
4.4 points
4.3 points
 Employee satisfaction (working vigorously)
Indicator
Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017 Score* Target Score*
 Employee satisfaction (pride, job satisfaction)
Level of pride or job satisfaction
Level of feeling free and lively at workplaces regardless of gender and age
4.4 points
4.2 points
Same or higher level compared with previous fiscal year
Same or higher level compared with previous fiscal year
       * All-employee average on a six-point scale
 System for training overseas
Secondment system
Global trainee system
Headquarters postings for overseas base local employees
074 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Ratio of domestic employees Number of employees with disabilities with disabilities

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature Appendix Data Section
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
    Human Asset Development
Envisioning ideal employees as those “who learn and think by themselves, take up challenges and continue to grow,” the MS&AD Insurance Group educates and supports its staff through measures such as training, OJT and self-education programs.
Groupwide human asset development
While conducting collective training sessions that are shared by the Group, human asset exchanges within the Group, and an exchange training system (trainee system), we are working on improving the skills of our human assets throughout the Group.
Fiscal 2018 Collective training session for newly hired employees from eight group companies
Development of professional human assets
To respond to changes in the social structure, such as advances in digitalization and exposure to new risks, we are systematically cultivating human assets with specialized skills and those capable of excelling on the world stage.
86 94 100
* Number of professional actuaries employed by the MS&AD Group with specialized skills for making full use of probability, statistical and other mathematical techniques used in product development, risk management, and other processes (as of April 1 of the subsequent fiscal year).
Work-Style Reform and Health Management
To enable our diverse employees to continue working while responding flexibly to life events, we are promoting “Work-Style Reform” that will be beneficial to health, make working easier and increase the sense of job satisfaction as well as enhance productivity. We are working on improving the workplace environment and installing systems that allow employees to work flexibly, such as by deploying thin-client PCs so that they can work from home.
We will also encourage employees to take allotted time off and promote self-development during the created time.
Days of paid vacation
used per employee/year* (Day)
*Average number of vacation days acquired by all employees with respect to “regular/carryover vacation days” as well as “special vacation days”
  Fiscal 2015
15.7
Fiscal 2016
15.7
Fiscal 2017
16.0
  Such initiatives received high praise
● Awards for Enterprises and Workplaces with Pleasant Working Environments and High Productivity, “Highest award (Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare Award”) (Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance [MSI])
● 10th Work Life Balance Awards (First prize)
(Organizer: Japan Productivity Center, Work-Life Balance Promotion Council)
(Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance [ADI])
● Certified as an Excellent Enterprise of Health and Productiv- ity Management under the large enterprise category (White 500) (Holding company, MSI, ADI)
   Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017
 Number of actuaries*
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 075
Our Platform
Promoting Diversity & Inclusion,
Building a Solid Foundation to Generate Innovation
As we promote Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) throughout the Group, each Group company takes joint ownership of initiatives and works to provide mutual encouragement. Although we have endeavored thus far at individual Group companies to establish environments in which employees can continue to work and participate, going forward we will strive for greater heights by leveraging the diversity of the Group.
Eliminating "unconscious bias" is also important. We must recognize our preconceived notions, such as the belief that "demanding work is men's work," and consciously change our behavior. Women with the preconceived notion that managerial positions are demanding tend to hesitate when offered the opportunity for promotions, but serving as leaders of small projects, for example, to gain experience in decision-making ought to lower the psychological barriers for women when accepting managerial positions.
The most important aspects are, however, an
environment in which a
diverse range of employees
can express their own
opinions under their own
initiative and a corporate
culture in which everyone can
state their objections without
fear. It is my firm belief that
this type of environment will
serve as a foundation for
generating innovation and
will help the Group to grow.
D&I is not a matter that is to
be advanced solely by the
HR Department. Instead, it is
something that we will labor, contemplate, and act on together so that every department throughout the Group can undertake this challenge as their own.
 Naomi Motojima
Executive Officer in charge of Diversity & Inclusion
  
 Quality That Earns the Trust of Society
As an initiative to support the creation of shared value, the MS&AD Insurance Group will ensure quality that earns the trust of society based on its communications with its stakeholders.
Quality Improvements through Communications with Stakeholders
Establishing mechanisms and providing opportunities to listen to the opinions of its customers and other stakeholders, the Group analyzes and examines the information it obtains. In addition to improving the quality of its products and services, the Group also makes use of the information in initiatives relating to, for example, compliance, respect for human rights and the environment.
     Customers
 Shareholders
 Agents
 Business Partners
 Employees
 Local Communities
International Society
 The Environment
 ● Customer surveys ● コCoンnタtaクctトCセenンteタr ー ● Website
● Communication with agents/employees
(inquiries, advice, requests, complaints, etc.)
● IR meetings
● Information meeting for investors
● One-on-one meeting
● Survey at Annual Shareholders Meeting
● Meetings for personnel in charge
● Agent meetings
● Product monitoring system
● Posting system
● Communication with outsourcing contractors
● Questionnaire for employees
● Communication with management ● Posting system
● Speak up system
● Collaborationagreementswithlocalgovernments ● Communication with NPOs/NGOs
● Communication/exchangeswithlocalcommunities ● Holding of seminars/symposiums
● CommunicationwithexpertsandNPOs/NGOs ● Studiesonglobalenvironmentandnaturaldisasters ● Participation in initiatives and
international conferences
      Realizingmanagement philosophy(Mission)
  Resilient and sustainable society
  Creating shared value
       Customer-First Business Operations
To continue growing as a company that customers choose based on trust, the Group strives to further promote business operations on a customer-first basis by treating each customer individually.
The six domestic insurance companies in the Group* formulated their “customer-first policy in the operation of their businesses” and released details together with status reports of specific initiatives for fiscal 2017. Having as a Group reviewed the KPIs relating to sustainability in accordance with the medium-term management plan “Vision 2021,” from fiscal 2018 we have set customer satisfaction levels based on questionnaires at the time of the insurance contract procedure or the claim payment as one of the KPIs.
* For details on policies and activities, please see the official websites for each company. MSI, ADI, Mitsui Direct General, MSI Aioi Life, MSI Primary Life, au Insurance
TOPICS
      The Group’s domestic insurance companies specify a period every year for all employees to look back on quality improvement and have employees confirm the importance of the customer-first policy at workplace meetings and other venues, thereby providing opportunities for them to think about putting the policy into practice in the course of their daily tasks.
(Left): Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance workplace meeting tools (Right): Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance display booth for employees
 076 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Communication with Stakeholders
Understanding, analysis and examination of content
Improvements (products, services, business processes)
Quality improvements Sound organizational management Respect for human rights
Quality That Earns the Trust of Society

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
 Having adopted the “strengthening of Group governance” as one of the four drivers of implementation in its basic strategy for Next Challenge 2017, the previous medium-term management plan, the MS&AD Insurance Group took a number of initiatives that included the improvement of the Board of Directors’ effectiveness.
The focus of our coverage includes an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and a status report on the efforts geared toward improving its operations.
In aiming to promote the Group’s sustainable growth and increase its corporate value, we will conduct transparent, fair, swift and decisive decision-making processes and, under the medium-term management plan “Vision 2021,” will also work to strengthen our corporate governance system.
For our basic approach and an overview of our corporate governance structure, please visit our official website: https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/ company/value/corporate.html
 Director/Audit & Supervisory Board Member Composition (as at July 1, 2018)
Ratio of Outside Directors
Ratio of Females
Female 17%
Directors
Outside 42%
Directors
Outside 50%
Female 50%
    Inside 58%
Inside 50%
Male 83%
Male 50%
Audit & Supervisory Board
Members
Audit & Supervisory Board
Members
 Changes in Outside Director Composition (as at July 1, 2018: compared with July 1, 2010)
Ratio of Outside Directors
2010
31%
(Four out of 13)
Ratio of Female Outside Directors
2010
0%
(None out of four)
Increased Ratio of Outside Directors
  2018
42%
(Five out of 12)
2018
40%
(Two out of five)
Increased Ratio of Females
    Selection Process for Newly Appointed Outside Director Candidates
At the 10th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, which was held on June 25, 2018, three new outside directors (Mr. Akira Arima, Mr. Kazuhito Ikeo, and Mr. Junichi Tobimatsu) were appointed. The process leading up to this appointment is as follows.
● Decision taken to proceed with nomination of, for example, “an executive (or experienced person) knowledgeable about international business” or “a non-Japanese national knowledgeable about Japanese companies,” taking diversity into consideration.
In addition to the candidate list up to fiscal 2016, we drew up a candidate list that included recommendations from outside directors.
September 2017 Nomination Committee meeting
● With the goal of them being appointed at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders in June 2018, decision taken to proceed with selection from the viewpoints of expertise and diversity, with (1) an executive (or experienced person) knowledgeable about international business; (2) a person of learning or experience; (3) an attorney at law or; (4) a non-Japanese national knowledgeable about Japanese companies regarded as ideal candidates.
  Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
September 2016 Nomination Committee meeting*
 December 2017 Nomination Committee meeting
● Based on candidates’ backgrounds and other factors, we selected the final candidates February 2018 Nomination Committee meeting
● We tentatively decided on the final candidates and, after a resolution of the Board of Directors, announced them on March 1.
* Composed of all outside directors, the Chairman of the Board and the President & CEO. The chairperson is an outside director (as at July 1, 2018, director Ms. Mari Matsunaga)
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 077
Our Platform

  Director evaluations
Outline of the
• •
• • •
•
• •
•
• •
• •
Analysis and Evaluation
Held discussions focusing on notable technological innovations while formulating the new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021.”
While maintaining focus on future changes in the operating environment, actively promoted new business investment to achieve medium-term plan targets.
Reduced number of annual agenda items while increasing time devoted to key proposals relating to strategic decisions. Entrenched operations quickly providing information on new risk-taking projects such as overseas investment projects. Promoted the “story of value creation” both within and outside the Group, which illustrates how the daily activities of our employees contributed to the realization of the Group's mission.
Achieved progress in sustainability (CSR) initiatives, including assessments provided by external ESG evaluation organizations.
Given the pace of change in both the environment and technological innovations, there needs to be deeper discussions on how to adapt to a changing operating environment to achieve Vision 2021 goals.
Management needs to deepen among all employees an understanding of the significance of the Group's sustainability initiatives, the “story of value creation”, the corporate mission, and the Group's contribution to SDGs by providing a clear explanation of the medium-term management plan “Vision 2021.”
There needs to be greater awareness of the system for letting internal and external voices be heard, including the internal reporting system. The Group needs to create an environment in which employees feel free to speak up and be frank in expressing their concerns.
There has been an increase each year in the average amount of time spent discussing each agenda item at regularly scheduled meetings.
Notable progress in the use of visualization, including the use of a graph for agenda items, as well as efforts to reduce page count.
The Board of Directors needs to be provided with a clear explanation of items covered in past meetings, particularly to new external members.
Explanations of agenda items for the Board of Directors need to be narrowed down to the most concise points.
 Points of improvement
Points requiring further reinforcement moving forward
Points of improvement
Points requiring further reinforcement moving forward
Discussion Content and Functions at the Board of Directors
 Board of Directors Management
 Points of improvement
Other (information and training for Outside Directors)
    Expanded opportunities for training and the distribution of information
• Conducted four study sessions on themes requested by Outside Directors in fiscal 2017 • Conducted tours of operating companies
Analysis and evaluation process
Executing and Compiling the Results of the Director Self-Evaluation Survey
● Interview conducted by the secretariat
● With an eye toward the PDCA cycle, the survey focused on whether measures for
functional improvement in the 2016 Directors’ evaluation were implemented. Exchange of Opinions at the Outside Directors Council
● The exchange of opinions at the Outside Directors Council addressed an analysis and assessment based on the survey results
Compilation at the Governance Committee
● The Governance Committee, composed of all Outside Directors, the Chairman of the Board, and the President & CEO, conducts analysis and evaluation, followed by the compilation of a functional improvement plan aimed at further strengthening governance in fiscal 2018.
Implementing Functional Improvement Measures Based on the Results
       078 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Appendix
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
Efforts aimed at improving the operation of the Board of Directors
Data Section
 Trends in the number of agenda items
(Items)
No. of agenda items
No. of resolutions
151
82
69
● Thanks to the January 2015 introduction of the so-called 200 package deliberation system simplifying the explanation for
some items up for discussion, the January 2016 expansion of 150 items applicable to the package deliberation system, and the
April 2016 revision to item selection standards for the Board of 100 Directors, there has been, with the exclusion of package
189
  ● The Company in 2014 began implementing measures allowing the questions and opinions of Outside Directors prior to the meeting as well as content from group management meetings and operating company management meetings to be aired at the Board of Directors’ meetings.
● Theratioofagendaitemswhereeitherconcernswere expressed or preliminary questions were aired moved from 29% in fiscal 2014 to 40% in fiscal 2016 and 47% in fiscal 2017.
Trends in the average amount of time spent per agenda item at regularly scheduled Board meetings
● Theaverageamountoftimespentperagendaitemat regularly scheduled Board meetings has continued to increase with each passing year (excluding so-called package delibera- tion items.)
29 20 19
164 153 105
   97
94
 deliberation items, a decline each year in the number of items discussed at Board of Directors meetings.
50 0
84 2014
67 59
 ● Thishaslargelybeeninlinewiththeinitialaimofincreasingthe amount of time devoted to key proposals relating to strategic decisions.
2017(FY)
b. No. of agenda items with preliminary questions and discussions taking place at group companies
 Trends in the number of agenda items where concerns were (%) expressed and the number of agenda items with preliminary 50 questions and discussions taking place at group companies
a. No. of agenda items with concerns expressed
2015 2016
 c. No. of agenda items that fall into either categories a or b
 47 35
30
2017(FY) Percentage rate of increase with fiscal 2014 as a base of 100 200
180 160
135.0% 140 104.2% 112.1% 120
 40
30
20
10 0
(Minute)
10 8 6 4 2 0
In addition to Board of Directors’ study sessions, the Company Conducted operating company visits in fiscal 2017. • Next medium-term management plan, other topics
• Stress scenario and group impact (major earthquake, deterioration in the US economy), other topics
• Visit to domestic group insurance companies (sales and claim services divisions)
• Changing work-styles and operations in the sales and claim services divisions, and the outlook moving forward
• Changes and issues in the internal auditing division moving forward
• Visit to elementary school where overseas group company is involved in CSR activities • Visit to area undergoing afforestation
• Commemorative tree planting
• Discussion led by external instructor of the evolution of the automobile and the connected car society
• Current conditions and issues for the group’s internal reporting system (MS&AD Helpline)
• Exchanging opinions with and receiving information from accounting auditors • Survey of employee attitudes, other topics
40 37 31
24
23 22
     2014
2015 2016
 Amount of time spent per agenda item (minutes)
(%)
   2014 2015 2016 2017(FY) 100 Implementation of meetings, study sessions, and visits including Outside Directors
  May 2017
July 2017
October 2017
October 2017
Date Name Content
November 2017
November 2017
December 2017
February 2018
March 2018
Outside Executives Study Group
Joint Council of Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Visit to Operating Company
Outside Directors Council
Visit to the project site of the Paliyan Wildlife Sanctuaries in Indonesia
Group Executives Seminar
Outside Executives Study Group
Outside Executives Study Group
Outside Executives Study Group
            INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 079
Our Platform

 Strategies for functional improvements in fiscal 2018
• The unusually rapid pace of technological change, including the introduction of autonomous driving vehicles and the electrification in vehicles, makes it necessary for the Group to discuss in-depth how to deal with the changing operating environment. These discussions would include Outside Director Council and focus on topics such as how loss ratios might change and what the corresponding impact on the Group would be.
• In regard to risk-taking projects, we will strive at Executive Study Group to better understand trends in competing and related businesses (non-life insurance, life insurance or banking).
• We will deepen among all employees an understanding of the significance of the Group's initiatives, the “the story of value creation ”, the corporate mission and the Group's contribution to SDGs by providing a clear explanation of the medium-term management plan “Vision 2021”.
• We are working to improve environment which enables employees to speak up in frank and positive manner about their questions and concerns by establishing a so-called “speak up” system as part of the internal reporting system to receive input from all our employees.
• Given the importance of measures aimed at promoting and entrenching the understanding and significance of new terms such as “sustainability”, “SDGs” and “CSV” (creating shared value) among all employees, we are employing a variety of communicative methods, including executive messages, training sessions, integrated reports, and media releases.
• We are focused on a thorough explanation of agenda items for the Board of Directors for the sake of clarification and simplification.
• In particular, Board of Director management is aimed at encouraging remarks from the Chairman on important items up for discussion.
• We will establish themes for Outside Executives Study Groups based on requests from the Outside Executives.
• We will continue to create opportunities to visit operating company sites in fiscal 2018.
• We will identify and discuss measures for future consideration based on the June 2018 revisions to
Japan's Corporate Governance Code.
Directors’ and Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ Remuneration Remuneration Breakdown
Remuneration for Directors (excluding Outside Directors) consists of fixed remuneration and performance-based remuneration. a.Fixed remuneration (monetary remuneration): about 70%
b.Performance-based remuneration: about 30%, consisting of the following
(a) Portion linked to company performance based on an index of Group Core Profit, consolidated net income, etc. (i) Stock options as stock-based compensation system
(ii) Monetary remuneration
(b) Portion linked to individual performance
Because the Outside Directors are in a position independent from the execution of business, remuneration is limited to fixed (monetary) remuneration.
 Theme Strategies for functional improvements in fiscal 2018 (key points)
Deliberations on management plans and strategies, commitment to the medium-term management plan
Deliberations on risk-taking projects
Supervising the promotion and practice of the company’s code of conduct and management philosophy
Appropriate cooperation with non-shareholder stakeholders (ensuring the voices of those inside and outside the company are heard)
Report on the issues regarding ESG (Environment, Society and Governance)
Management of the Board of Directors
Others (providing ongoing training opportunities for executives, etc.)
          Total Amount of Remuneration (FY2017) Remuneration by Category and the Number of Recipients
Persons with Consolidated Remuneration (including remuneration for corporate officer posts at main subsidiaries, etc.) of ¥100 million or more
Director ¥7 million Yasuyoshi Karasawa
Director ¥7 million Noriyuki Hara
● Given the enhanced responsibilities expected of Outside Directors in line with the aim to bolster corporate governance and the increase of one Outside Director in fiscal 2017, the company on June 25, 2018, decided to lift annual remuneration for Outside Directors from ¥60 million or less to ¥100 million or less.
  Total Amount of Remuneration Total by Category
Remuneration
Basic Stock Option
Remuneration
Basic Stock Option
       ¥199 million
Directors (8*)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (3*)
Outside Directors/ Audit & Supervisory Board Members (9)
* Excluding Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
- -
¥51 million
¥70 million
¥188 million
¥51 million
¥70 million
¥10 million
¥103 million
 ¥103 million
¥95 million
¥95 million
 080 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Total Amount of Remuneration Total by Category

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
Corporate Governance
Introduction to Directors
(As of June 25, 2018, except for the number of Company shares owned, which is as of the end of March 2018)
Directors
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
    Number of Company shares owned
36,970
Important concurrent positions
Director & Vice Chairman, ADI
Biography
April 1973 Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in sales, corporate planning, merger preparation, life insurance business, etc. Present position since June 2014
Number of Company shares owned
18,700
Important concurrent positions
Director, President & CEO, MSI
Biography
April 1978 Entered Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in market development, sales, product operations, corporate planning, etc. Present position since June 2016
Number of Company shares owned
29,015
Important concurrent positions
̶
Biography
April 1979 Entered Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in corporate planning, product operations, claims services, sales, systems and administrations, etc.
Present position since April 2016
Number of Company shares owned
17,900
Important concurrent positions
Director, Executive Vice President, MSI
Biography
April 1979 Entered the Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in sales, corporate planning, claims services, etc.
Newly Appointed
Number of Company shares owned
25,200
Important concurrent positions
Director, Chairman of the Board, MSI
Biography
April 1975 Entered The Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in corporate planning, sales, corporate communications, financial planning, etc. Present position since June 2014
Number of Company shares owned
25,608
Important concurrent positions
Director & President, ADI
Biography
April 1979 Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in human resources planning, sales, corporate planning, merger preparation, etc.
Present position since June 2016
Number of Company shares owned
9,160
Important concurrent positions
Director, Senior Executive Officer, ADI
Biography
April 1982 Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in corporate planning, investment planning, human resources, etc.
Meeting attendance (FY2017)
15 of 15 Board of Directors' meetings (100%)
Number of Company shares owned
1,100
Reason for appointment
She was a chief editor of magazines and was involved in planning and development of new services at NTT DOCOMO, INC. She has been stating opinions at meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors and other occasions based on her broad knowledge and experience concerning society, culture, consumer lifestyles, and other areas. We elected her to continue reflecting her knowledge and experience in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
Outside Director of Rohto Pharmaceutical Co. Outside Director of Seiko Epson Corporation
     Hisahito Suzuki
 Representative Director Chairman of the Board
  Yasuyoshi Karasawa
 Representative Director President & CEO
         Noriyuki Hara
 Representative Director Executive Officer
  Yasuzo Kanasugi
 Representative Director Executive Officer
            Shiro Fujii
 Director
Executive Vice President, CFO
  Masahiro Higuchi
 Director Executive Officer
 Newly Appointed
         Mari Matsunaga
 Outside Director (Independent Director)
  Takashi Kuroda
 Director Executive Officer
  Apr. 1977
July 1986
July 1988
July 1997
Apr. 2000
June 2012
Entered Japan Recruit Center
(currently, Recruit Holdings Co., Ltd. [“RECRUIT”])
Chief editor of SHUSHOKU JOURNAL, published by RECRUIT Chief editor of TRAVAILLE, published by RECRUIT
General Manager of Planning Div., Gateway Business Dept., NTT Mobile Communications Network Inc.
(currently, NTT DOCOMO, INC.)
President & Director, Mari Matsunaga Office Director, the Company (present)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 081
Our Platform

   July 1969
Oct. 1985
July 1989
July 1994
April 1995
June 1998
Jan. 2001
Oct. 2003
April 2007
April 2014
July 2016
June 2017
    Mariko Bando
 Outside Director (Independent Director)
  Newly Appointed
Meeting attendance
12 of 13 Board of Directors’ meetings held after appointed date (92.3%)
Number of Company shares owned
200
Reason for appointment
She previously served as Director General of the Gender Equality Bureau of the Cabinet Office and currently serves as President of Showa Women’s University. We elected her to utilize her broad knowledge and experience in public administration and education, as well as wide insight into promotion of diversity.
Important concurrent positions
Chancellor (Rijicho and Socho), Showa Women’s University
Meeting attendance
No record due to new appointment
Number of Company shares owned
0
Reason for appointment
He has been a Director of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation and President Chief Executive Officer of NTT Communications Corporation. We elected him to reflect his broad knowledge and experience from the information and communication business in the management of the Company.
Meeting attendance
No record due to new appointment
Number of Company shares owned
1,000
Reason for appointment
He has experienced a number of posts, including university professor, member of the Financial Services Agency's Financial System Council, and chairman of the Council of Experts Concerning the Corporate Governance Code and has broad knowledge and experience in the economic and fiscal fields as well as financial administration. We elected him to reflect his knowledge and experience in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
Professor Emeritus, Keio University
Professor, Faculty of Economics, Rissho University
Meeting attendance
No record due to new appointment
Number of Company shares owned
0
Reason for appointment
He has a wealth of knowledge and experience concerning overall corporate legal affairs including those overseas companies as an attorney-at-law. We elected him to reflect his knowledge and experience in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
Attorney-at-Law, Tobimatsu Law Outside Corporate Auditor of amana inc.
Entered the Prime Minister’s Office
Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat, Councillor of Cabinet Secretariat
Director of Consumer Statistics Division, Statistics Bureau, Management and Coordination Agency
Director of Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Secretariat Vice-Governor of Saitama Prefecture
Consul General of Japan in Brisbane, Australia
Director General of Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office Director, Showa Women’s University
President, Showa Women’s University
Chancellor (Rijicho), Showa Women’s University (present) Chancellor (Socho), Showa Women’s University (present) Director, the Company (present)
Entered Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation
Director and General Manager, Planning Dept., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone East Corporation
Director and General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone East Corporation
Director, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation
Executive Vice President,
Head of Internet Business Division NTT Communications Corporation
President, Chief Executive Officer, NTT Communications Corporation Director and Advisor, NTT Communications Corporation
Advisor, NTT Communications Corporation (present)
Director, the Company (present)
Associate Professor, Faculty of Economics, Okayama University Associate Professor, Faculty of Economics, Kyoto University Professor, Faculty of Economics, Keio University
Professor Emeritus, Keio University (present)
Professor, Faculty of Economics, Rissho University (present) Director, the Company (present)
Admitted as Attorney-at-Law
Attorney-at-Law, Mori Sogo (currently, Mori Hamada & Matsumoto)
Admitted as Attorney-at-Law, N.Y.
Associate Professor, Graduate School of Law and Political Science, the University of Tokyo
Attorney-at-Law, Tobimatsu Law (present) Director, the Company (present)
  April 1973
June 2002
April 2003
June 2005
June 2007
June 2010
June 2015
June 2017
June 2018
    Akira Arima
 Outside Director (Independent Director)
 Newly Appointed
  April 1984
April 1986
April 1995
April 2018
June 2018
    Kazuhito Ikeo
 Outside Director (Independent Director)
  Newly Appointed
  April 1998
June 2004
April 2010
July 2016
June 2018
    Junichi Tobimatsu
 Outside Director (Independent Director)
 082 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Appendix Data Section
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Number of Company shares owned
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
Number of Company shares owned
    21,000
4,579
 April 1979
April 2010
April 2013
April 2014
June 2015
 Apr. 1983
Apr. 2015
Apr. 2017
June 2017
Entered Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager of Investment Planning Dept.,
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd. (“MSI”)
Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Financial Services Div., MSI Executive Officer, the Company
Director, Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Financial Services Div., MSI
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
Entered Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer,
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. (“ADI”)
Advisor, ADI
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
 Hiroshi Miura
 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full time)
 Tomoko Kondo
 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full time)
    Meeting attendance (FY2017)
15 of 15 Board of Directors’ meetings
13 of 13 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
Number of Company shares owned
1,100
Reason for appointment
As an accounting and auditing professional, he has served as a university professor and public-institution committee member, etc., and that extensive knowledge and experience will be reflected in the Company’s audits.
Important concurrent positions
Director of Terasaki Electric Co., Ltd. (Outside Director (Audit Committee))
Meeting attendance
13 of 13 Board of Directors’ meetings held after appointed date
11 of 11 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
Number of Company shares owned
0
Reason for appointment
As a legal expert, she previously served as a judge and practices law as an attorney-at-law, etc. and that wealth of knowledge and experience will be reflected in the management of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
Attorney-at-Law, LM Law Offices
     Kunio Chiyoda
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent Auditor)
 Kyoko Uemura
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent Auditor)
   Apr. 1994
Apr. 2004
Apr. 2005
Apr. 2008
June 2017
 May 1971
April 1976
April 1984
April 1999
April 2009
April 2012
April 2013
June 2016
Executive Officers
Registered Certified Public Accountant
Assistant Professor, College of Business Administration, Ritsumeikan University
Professor, College of Business Administration, Ritsumeikan University
Dean of College of Business Administration, Member of the Board, Ritsumeikan University
Professor, Graduate School of Accountancy, Kumamoto Gakuen University
Professor of Graduate School of Accountancy, Waseda University
Chairperson, Certified Public Accountants and Auditing Oversight Board
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
Assistant Judge, Osaka District Court
Judge, Numazu Branch, Shizuoka Family Court
Judge, Yokohama District Court
Admitted as Attorney-at-Law Attorney-at-Law, LM Law Offices (present)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
 Chairman of the Board
Hisahito Suzuki
President & CEO
Yasuyoshi Karasawa
Executive Officers
Noriyuki Hara Yasuzo Kanasugi
Executive Vice President
Shiro Fujii
Corporate Planning Dept.,
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept.,
Business Development Dept.,
International Life Insurance Business Dept., Information Technology Planning Dept., International Supervisory Dept.,
Internal Audit Dept.*,
Group Capital Policy,
Sustainability,
Chief Financial Officer
Senior Executive Officer
Fumiaki Ohkawabata
Human Resources and General Administration Dept., Accounting Dept.,
Compliance Dept.,
Corporate Risk Management Dept.,
Internal Audit Dept.,
Chief Risk Officer
Executive Officers
Masahiro Matsumoto International Business
Teruhiko Ito Financial Services Business
Hidema Jinno
General Manager of
Corporate Risk Management Dept.
Masahiro Higuchi Claims Services
Shinichiro Funabiki Administration and
Information Systems
Chief Information Officer
Chief Information Security Officer Chief Digitalization Officer
Tetsuji Higuchi Assist Management
Takashi Kuroda Marketing & Sales
Yukio Ogata Products・Reinsurance
Satoru Tamura Assist Management
Naomi Motojima Diversity & Inclusion
      For more information related to corporate governance, see the Group’s official website. Website content
●Corporate Governance (https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/company/governance/corporate.html)
● Basic Policies on Corporate Governance ● Supervision System in Detail (Role of the Board of Directors, Composition of the Board of Directors, Expected Roles of Outside Directors, Support Systems for Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members) ● Nomination and Remuneration in Detail (Nomination Process, Criteria for the Selection of Director Candidates and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Candidates, Remuneration Determination Processes) ● Responses to 11 Principles of the Corporate Governance Code ● Group Management Structure in Detail ● Internal Control Systems
* Executive Vice President Shiro Fujii is responsible for internal auditing of the departments which Senior Executive Officer Fumiaki Ohkawabata oversees.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 083
Our Platform

 Message from Outside Director
Outside Director (Independent Director)
Mariko Bando
  Having completed your first year as an outside director, please tell us your overall impression about the Board of Directors’management and discussions through the year.
It has been challenging to grasp all of the topics on the table to discuss at the Board of Directors because they were from the different operating companies within the Group. That said, detailed explanations provided in advance have been very helpful. I have realized that every proposal was brought from great efforts each operating company made.
For myself, there is nothing more important as an outside director than sharing the Company’s overall goals and vision. Since all matters to be discussed by the Board of Directors have already been deliberated at each operating company, our role is to confirm from various angles that each matter aligns with the overall strategy and vision of the Group. All outside directors, therefore, need to understand the Group’s mission, vision, and values thoroughly. Based on this, we should evaluate various issues by our own criteria while drawing upon our expertise and insights to convey fresh perspectives to the Company.
Looking back on the past year, proposals on overseas business have definitely involved protracted deliberations to come to conclusions. Various opinions have been expressed about how to manage the acquired overseas operating company with earnings well below forecasts. In general, the Japanese like to strive harder to meet global standards to follow but are not accustomed to lead setting up new rules by leveraging our own strengths. This is an issue that we need to overcome if we work with overseas companies to build mutually positive relationships.
How do you feel about participating in formulating the new medium-term management plan“Vision 2021”?
In the “Vision 2021,” the MS&AD Insurance Group clearly set a goal to realize “a world-leading insurance and financial services group” with new management numerical targets to achieve. In addition, one of the features is integrating SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) initiatives into business activities to realize a resilient and sustainable society which is an image of society in 2030 the Group aims.
While the greatest purpose of companies is to sustainably increase profits, we are now questioned what value we may provide to society at the same time. There are not a lot of companies yet that incorporate social values into company’s business strategy to ensure their business activities help make the world a “better place to live,” but the MS&AD Insurance Group does.
Based on re-acknowledging that a critical goal as an insurance company is to bring safety and peace of mind to a society, in “Vision 2021” there are three core strategies based on its long-term objectives that plan to make steady progress in achieving. For example, one of these core strategies “promoting digitalization” is not only aimed at improving operational efficiency, but also enhancing customer experience value. Therefore, this initiative will be expanded into global market to improve customer’s value as group worldwide. This strategy includes initiatives to solve social issues such as addressing cyber risks and developing next-generation automobile insurance.
084 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way
Special Feature Appendix Data Section
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
 What are your thoughts on the Group’s D&I initiatives?
From this fiscal year, the Group has placed an executive officer in charge of Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) to strengthen its Groupwide efforts to this end. It will take time to see the actual effect of diversity. Although it is often said that D&I is a social responsibility to respect human rights, I think the essential role of D&I is to enhance a company’s reform over the long term. I believe D&I would be one of triggers to generate innovation and that is the intrinsic value of D&I.
Starting with utilizing women employees, it is important to set numeric targets for females in management positions over the medium- to long-term. Besides, it is also effective in the near term to develop practical training program and to design personnel system. The purpose of training programs provides employees with an opportunity to grow themselves. I propose to target 20-30% of participants as women.
Moreover, it should not be over-concerned when it comes to personnel transfer of female employees. It is really depends on the person, not gender whether the person likes to try new challenges. In any case, everyone should have equal opportunities.
In fact, we should create a structure for assigning employees to desired positions through internal job postings that attract motivated individuals by providing them with open opportunities to engage in challenging positions that leverage their abilities.
I would like to see multiple career paths geared toward employees’ goals.
In addition, it is critical to foster a more international workforce in light of the Company’s goal to derive 50% of its profits from overseas businesses. While fostering global personnel for Japanese is important, the Company needs to
hire foreigners as part of its diversity initiatives. A corporate culture fostered solely around Japanese employees will be unable to prevail against international competition. This is why D&I is so important, and on this basis what vital to promote D&I initiatives is transparency by revealing all issues and every process.
Diversity means collaboration among people with different backgrounds and values. Therefore, it is important to share mutual goals, rules, and decision-making processes. For example, even though final decisions are made by top management, the whole process should be disclosed because everyone is well informed with the process and starts working with confident of the decision. The Company must take steps to ensure that information is not compartmentalized among employees based on their position, rank, and employment status within the organization.
What is your expectation for the Group?
In terms of non-monetary corporate value, I would like to see the Group gain a reputation of doing right things for society and people, which contributes to make the world a better place. This is what I call “non-monetary corporate value,” which is beyond monetary value such as market capitalization. To pursue this, each employee must perform at full potential to achieve Company’s goals, which in turn requires cultivating a working environment to foster the employee’s motivation.
While tangible assets are important, it is ideal model for a company to sustainably grow by accumulating intangible assets such as human, intellectual, social, and natural capital. Since people are core value for companies, I truly expect the Group to respect people and to foster employee engagement.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 085
Our Platform

 Corporate Governance
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors (Information Disclosure and IR Activities)
The MS&AD Insurance Group proactively engages in highly transparent information disclosure and constructive dialogue with shareholders and investors in an effort to achieve sustainable growth and increase enterprise value.
Specifically, by providing highly transparent information disclosure, MS&AD Holdings seeks to reduce information asymmetries with shareholders and investors. Also, by obtaining feedback from constructive dialogue with shareholders and investors, MS&AD Holdings is able to share this feedback with its management and the relevant departments and utilize it in formulating its management strategies.
Main Initiatives
● Holding a briefing for the Integrated Report, talked about MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation
● Holding of “MS&AD IR Day” with the objectives being to have the top management of each business division explain
business details and to carry on a constructive dialogue between management executives and investors
● As measures to strengthen information sharing with management and relevant departments, implementation of regular reporting on IR activities, feedback on how the stock markets view the Company, and quarterly reports on the Company’s share price to the Group Management Committee and the Board of Directors
● Creation of a program for feedback meetings to the Group’s relevant departments Activities Undertaken in Fiscal 2017
The Group organized Information Meetings at which the President explained management strategies and performance, as well as MS&AD IR Day, which aimed to have a constructive dialogue between management executives and investors.
Opportunities also were created for the President and the officer in charge of the Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Department to speak directly to major shareholders and investors in Japan and abroad. The opinions of shareholders and investors gleaned from these conversations are being reflected in management strategies with the aim of improving enterprise value.
We held a briefing about the Integrated Report and talked about MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation.
We also held several corporate briefings for individual investors around Japan and participated in the Nikkei IR and
      Investment Fair for the second consecutive year.
( ) indicates FY2016 figures Twice (Twice)
4 (4) times
3 (0) times Once (Once) 1 (0) times
5 (6) times 231 (232) times 12 (7) times
  Strategy explanation meetings for institutional investors and analysts (Information Meeting)
Telephone conferences (earning results) for institutional investors and analysts
Telephone conferences for institutional investors and analysts
Sessions for an exchange of opinions with institutional investors and analysts (MS&AD IR Day)
Investors’ Dialogue on the MS&AD Integrated Report 2017
Conferences organized by securities companies
Individual meetings (except conferences)
Information sessions for individual investors
           Information meeting for institutional investors and analysts
Investors' Dialogue on the MS&AD Integrated Report 2017
086 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Appendix
Data Section
 IR Activities for Overseas Investors
Japanese Individuals & Others
9.5%
Other Japanese Companies
16.8%
Japanese Securities Companies
3.1%
Foreign Companies & Individuals
35.1%
Japanese Financial Institutions
35.5%
With foreign investors and foreign corporate investors making up almost 35% of all its investors, MS&AD Holdings has been stepping up efforts for the disclosure and dissemination of information while engaging in a dialogue with overseas investors.
The President and the officer in charge of the Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Department take trips overseas to visit with investors and proactively participate in conferences sponsored by securities firms for foreign investors as a part of our constructive dialogue initiatives.
From the viewpoint of disclosing information in a timely and fair manner, MS&AD Holdings is enhancing information disclosure through the English version of its website, making concerted efforts to augment information for foreign investors.
Breakdown of types of shareholders*
*As of March 31, 2018
Frameworks and systems supporting our value creation
      Information Disclosure as the Basis for Dialogue
   Website (Japanese/English)
The Group makes prompt and fair information disclosure in both English and Japanese.
Daiwa Investor Relations “Internet IR Excellence Award 2017”
General Shareholders’ Meeting
Integrated Report (Japanese/English)
The MS&AD Integrated Report 2017, published in 2017, received the Award for Excellence and the Special Award, respectively, from the Fifth WICI Japan Integrated Report Awards and the Nikkei Annual Report Awards.
Japanese version English version
         FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
Held
June 22 (Wednesday)
June 26 (Monday)
June 25 (Monday)
Shareholders attending
654
633
774
Ratio of the exercise of voting rights
85.8%
85.8%
84.3%
Notice of convocation issue date
May 30 (Monday)
June 2 (Friday)
June 1 (Friday)
Notice of convocation notice website announcement date (Japanese/English)
May 24 (Tuesday)
May 23 (Tuesday) (Japanese) May 26 (Friday) (English)
May 22 (Tuesday) (Japanese) May 23 (Wednesday) (English)
          For more shareholder and investor information, see the Company’s official website. Website content
 ● “Policy for Constructive Dialogue with Shareholders”
● Financial and non-financial reports (timely disclosure information,
materials for results briefing – conference call, Corporate Governance Reports, materials for Information Meeting and CSR Reports)
● Streaming videos of presentations by the President (including a summary of the Q&A session)
● Notice of convocation of General Shareholders’ Meeting
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 087
Our Platform

 Basic Knowledge about the Insurance Industry
We have prepared this section as reference material to help readers gain a better understanding of the insurance industry and the Company’s business operations and business strategies.
We are striving to provide accurate and fair information, but we cannot guarantee the content of this section.
  Non-Life Insurance Industry
Market Overview
About ¥8 Trillion
The Japanese non-life insurance industry’s market scale in terms of net premiums written was ¥8,243.9 billion in fiscal 2016. (Total for 26 corporate members of the General Insurance Association of Japan)
Automobile-Related Insurance Accounts for More than 60%
Together, voluntary automobile insurance (49.3%) and compulsory automobile liability (12.4%) account for more than 60% of the market.
Three Largest Non-Life Insurers Have Almost
90% Market Share Combined
In Japan, there were 52 companies engaged in the non-life insurance
business as of July 2017, including 22 foreign non-life insurers. The three largest non-life insurance groups̶the MS&AD Insurance Group, the Tokio Marine Group and the Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Group (currently Sompo Group) ̶ have an 88% combined share of the market.
Types of Insurance and Related Trends
Covering Diverse Risks
We face diverse risks in our daily lives. Non-life insurance products can compensate for economic damages and human losses (the cost of treating injuries, etc.) caused by natural disasters and accidents.
  Net Premiums Written by Class of Insurance (FY2016)
¥8,243.9 billion
Personal Accident
Marine
   Compulsory Automobile Liability
12.4
(¥1,020.8 billion)
8.2% (¥672.9 billion)
2.9% (¥238.8 billion)
Others
13.4
(¥1,104.4 billion)
  0 50 100
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2017 (%)
  Changing with the Times
Composition of Net Direct Premiums Written by Class of Insurance
Until the 1960s, the non-life insurance market was centered on fire and
marine insurance products. With the subsequent rise in the number of
automobiles in use, such automobile - related products as Voluntary
Automobile Insurance and Compulsory Automobile Liability Insurance 1960 became the main products in the market. In recent years,
Trend of Increase in Earthquake Insurance
Residential earthquake insurance was developed in 1966, in response to the major earthquake that struck Niigata in Japan in 1964. The number of people obtaining residential earthquake insurance has been trending upward, and the penetration ratio of Earthquake Insurance in residential fire insurance policies has risen to 62.1% (at the end of FY2016).
Personal Accident 0.4
Compulsory Automobile Liability Voluntary Automobile
(FY) Fire and Allied
Marine
Others 7.1 1.8
   50.1
 27.6
“others” insurance such as Liability Insurance has been growing strongly. 1980
26.1 8.7 2000 17.5 2.7
2016 15.7 2.8
0 50 100
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2017 (%) Note: “Net direct premiums written” represents revenues from insurance policies directly
provided by each customer.
Trends in the Penetration Rate of Residential Earthquake Insurance
(%) FY2016 EQ Insurance Penetration 62.1% 60.0
45.0 40.3 40.0
35.0
30.0
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
(Fiscal year-end)
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2017
Note: The penetration rate of residential earthquake insurance represents the share of fire
13.0
  30.6
 17.8
  40.3
10.7 6.1 10.9 20.2 8.4
  088 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Voluntary Automobile
49.3
(¥4,069.1 billion)
and allied policies with earthquake coverage.
45.0
11.6 10.9 14.0
Fire and Allied
13.8
(¥1,137.8 billion)
 Residential Earthquake Insurance Operated in Collaboration with Government
It is difficult to forecast the damage that will occur in the event of an
earthquake, so fire insurance by itself does not cover building fires 55.0 and damage caused by earthquakes. 50.0 To provide coverage for earthquake damage, the government and
insurance companies collaborate to operate residential earthquake
insurance, and there are no variations among insurance companies
with respect to coverage of compensation and insurance premiums.
62.1
 
  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
Data Section
27.2 26.3 25.9 26.4 27.9 29.2 28.5
31.8
5.3
35.2
5.5
35.5
5.9
35.1
Supplementary Information
 Life Insurance Industry
Market Scale
Approximately ¥43 Trillion
The scale of Japanese life insurance industry’s market in terms of life insurance premiums and others in total is approximately ¥43 trillion, making it the world’s second largest market, after that of the United States.
  Scale of Japan’s Life Insurance Market (Trends in Life Insurance Premiums) (¥ trillion)
Private-sector companies*1
Mutual aid organizations*2
6.4
Former Japan Post*3
4.5 4.6
50
45
40 15.4 35
30 4.1 25
20
15
10
5 0
Sources: Prepared by MS&AD Holdings based on materials from the Life Insurance Association of Japan, the Japan Cooperative Insurance Association Incorporated, and Japan Post Holdings Co., Ltd., and based on materials in the Japan Institute of Life Insurance’s “Fiscal 2015 National Survey on Life Insurance”
*1 Private-sector companies: Each corporate member of the Life Insurance Association of Japan. Figures represent premiums and others.
*2 Mutual aid organizations: Each organization member of the Japan Cooperative Insurance Association Incorporated. Figures represent premiums and other insurance income received
(total for life insurance and annuity insurance)
*3 Former Japan Post: Premium income (postal life insurance) during the period through September 2007. Japan Post Insurance is included on and after privatization, from October 2007,
in the private-sector companies’ figures. Trends in Types of Insurance
Decline in Big-Ticket Death Benefit Needs
The amount of policies in force for individual insurance has been trending downward since peaking in fiscal 1996. Behind this trend is a decline in big-ticket death benefit needs and a shift to third-sector products (medical and cancer insurance) needs.
   15.2 14.3
4.3 4.4
12.3 11.7
4.9 4.9
11.2 9.2 4.6
4.5 4.2 4.5
           38.0
38.6
38.9
    2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015(FY)
  Trends in Policies in Force (Individual Insurance)
(¥ trillion) 1,600
1,200 800 400 0
1980 1985
1,495
1990 1995
862
2000 2005 2010 2016 (FY)
                 Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Fact Book (2017) ”
Note: Figures for 2007 and previous years exclude Japan Post Insurance and the former postal life insurance.
Third-Sector Products Become the Major Products
The share of medical and cancer insurance policies (third-sector policies) among the total number of new policies written for individuals has risen – from 23.0% in FY2000 to 36.3% in FY2016 – and become the major life insurance product. In particular, the advent of a full-blown aging society in Japan will be accompanied by a rise in needs for nursing care insurance. In recent years, each life insurance company has been launching new nursing care insurance products which supplements the public nursing care insurance system, which is not able to completely cover the expenses entailed by nursing care. Sales of individual annuity insurance began in earnest following the October 2002 lifting of the ban on marketing such products via banks. Growth in individual annuity insurance policies in force is now robust. Most recently, the number of policies written for “Tontine-type annuity” as insurance for longevity risk is also increasing. *See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section P. 96
Trends in Policies in Force Individual Annuity Insurance by Type
The Main Products of Life Insurance Market, Third-Sector – Trends in Individual Insurance Premiums by Type
Whole life (FY) insurance
2000 15.0 2016 22.6
Term life insurance
18.5 15.7 9.0 0.7 13.9 8.9
Medical and cancer insurance
Other
Whole life insurance Endowment
Children’s insurance
with term insurance
insurance
  23.0 3.1 15.7 36.3 4.6 13.0
 New Policies
      Variable Annuity Insurance
(millions of policies) 25
Fixed Annuity Insurance
0.96 (6.9)
2004
2.20 (13.9)
2006
3.11 3.46 (17.9) (18.2)
2008 2010
3.33 2.64 (16.3) (12.9)
2.23 (10.3)
2016 (FY)
Policies in Force
20.2 4.7 16.6 5.912.6 8.3 35.3 4.511.6
2000 10.1 24.5 10.0 13.9
  2016 21.9
0 50 100
Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan,
“ Life Insurance Trends (2017 edition) ”
(%)
5.6
37.0
5.3
35.7
   20 15 10
5 0
0.31 (2.5)
2002
2012 2014
      12.60 13.05 13.60 14.31 15.52 (97.5) (93.1) (86.1) (82.1) (81.8)
17.09 (83.7)
17.85 (87.1)
19.52 (89.7)
  Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Fact Book (2017) ” Note: Figures in parentheses represent percent shares.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 089
Appendix

  The Insurance Industry Trends and Changes in Japan
Environment of the Insurance Industry in Japan
Changes in the Macro Environment
As is the case with respect to other industries in Japan, the biggest change in the insurance industry’s operating environment is the advent of aging and population decline in Japanese society.
Natural Disasters
While natural disasters are a major risk factor in insurance business, the existence of such disasters is also a factor that increases demand for insurance.
  The Insurance Industry Following Financial Regulatory Liberalization
  Regulatory Liberalization of the Non-Life Insurance Industry
The 1996 revision of the Insurance Business Act brought a shift away from the “convoy system” within the industry and toward liberalization offering a scope for new initiatives. In addition, in response to changes taking place in the insurance industry’s operating environment (insurance product diversification, solicitation channel diversification, and increasing agent size), the Insurance Business Act revision, which went into full effect in May 2016, included as its main points “the establishment of basic rules for insurance soliciting” and “the introduction of an obligation to put in place a system with respect to insurance solicitors (agents).”
Birth of the Three Mega Insurance Groups
Following the regulatory liberalization of 1996, a progression of mergers and business integrations among non-life insurance companies led to the emergence of the so-called “three mega insurance groups” – the MS&AD Insurance Group, Tokio Marine Group, and Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Group (currently Sompo Group).
The Insurance Industry Going Forward
Initiatives Regarding Overseas Insurance Markets
Major Events Following Regulatory Liberalization
Revision of the Insurance Business Act
■Mutual entry into life and non-life insurance business ■Reform of the rating organization system ■Introduction of products and premium rates notification system, etc.
Mutual entry into life and non-life insurance business by subsidiaries
Approval of risk-subdivision-type automobile insurance
Abolition of the obligation for members to use the premium rates calculated by the rating organization
Ban on insurance sales by banks partially lifted Implementation of Financial Instruments and Exchange Act Insurance sales by banks fully liberalized
Implementation of the Insurance Act
Passing of law revising the Insurance Business Act
Full implementation of Insurance Business Act revision (Implementation of a comparison-recommendation rule and an obligation to grasp customer intentions)
 1996
April
 October
1997
September
1998
July
2001
April
2007
September
 December
2010
April
2014
May
2016
May
                    Accelerating Overseas Expansion
In light of the maturation of Japan’s insurance market, major Japanese insurance companies have been working to expand their business base overseas.
Development of Principal Insurance Markets in 2016
Potentials of Asia Region Markets and BRICs’ Markets The emerging country markets of Asia region countries and BRICs have the potential for large growth. The insurance penetration rates (ratio of insurance premiums against GDP) of the United States and European countries are roughly as high as Japan’s – about 7%-12%. On the other hand, the insurance penetration rate of emerging markets of the Asian region and BRICs is relatively low – in the 1%-4% range – so, those markets can be considered to have considerable growth potential.
(US$ billion)
8.0% 7.3% 9.5% 10.2% 9.2% 6.1% 12.1% 8.2% 3.2% 3.2% 4.0% 2.3% 6.7% 1.4% 5.6% 4.2% 3.5% 2.9% 2.8% 6.3%
       Market/Country
Developed markets
United States
Japan
United Kingdom
France
Germany
South Korea
Italy
Emerging markets
Latin America and the Caribbean
Brazil
Mexico
Europe
Russia
Asia and Middle East
China
India
United Arab Emirates
Africa
Oceania
Ranking by Insurance Premiums
14
25
31
13
39
1
2
4
5
6
7
8
3
Life Insurance Premiums 2016
2,111
559
354
199
153
1,000
95
104
122
506
69
41
11
859
263
62
41
40
3
2
Change from 2015
0.3%
0.7%
3.9%
(8.7)%
(0.9)%
(1.8)%
2.8%
(4.0)%
14.2%
4.1%
10.5%
(2.4)%
(2.8)%
51.1%
10.6%
24.6%
10.3%
4.2%
(5.6)%
(13.0)%
Non-Life Insurance Premiums 2016
1,688
794
117
105
85
120
67
40
427
79
32
13
611
14
493
204
17
20
53
8
Change from 2015
2.8%
3.9%
8.8%
(5.1)%
1.2%
1.9%
4.8%
(0.6)%
4.7%
(16.0)%
(1.1)%
(4.0)%
0.6%
(1.9)%
10.3%
15.8%
15.3%
4.1%
(3.9)%
2.9%
Total Insurance Premiums 2016
3,799
1,352
471
304
238
215
171
162
934
149
1,470
1,494
73
24
18
466
79
10
61
93
Change from 2015
1.4%
2.6%
5.1%
(7.5)%
(0.2)%
0.2%
3.6%
(3.2)%
9.6%
(7.7)%
5.2%
(3.3)%
(1.4)%
4.8%
10.5%
20.6%
11.3%
4.2%
(5.1)%
(4.6)%
Insurance Density*1 (US$) 2016
3,505
4,174
3,732
4,064
3,395
2,548
3,362
2,499
149
257
346
189
1,620
123
343
337
1,102
2,343
60
51
Insurance Penetration Rate*2 2016
            World
2,617
2.8%
2,115
3.1%
4,732
2.9%
638
6.3%
                                  Source: Compiled by Swiss Re’s economic research and consulting unit based on confirmed and provisional figures announced by each country’s regulatory authorities and insurance industry associations (sigma No. 3/2017)
Note: Figures are real figures adjusted for inflation *1 Insurance density = per capita insurance premiums *2 Insurance penetration rate = insurance premiums as a share of GDP
090 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
Data Section
Increasing Diversity of Insurance Companies and Sales Channels
There are increasingly diverse sales channels – such as direct sales channels, OTC sales by banks, and customer-visit-based insurance shops – and some insurance companies are now specializing in sales via the Internet. Even in conventional sales channels, there is an increasing incidence of cross-selling (see the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section P. 92) and other new approaches.
Supplementary Information
  Expanding Breadth of Products and Services
“Longevity Risk”
Lengthy lifespans entail growth in living, medical, and other expenses. The insurance industry has been seeking to help cover such economic “risks” associated with lengthy lifespans.
New Products and Services Related to Medical and Long-Term Nursing Care
The importance of people’s self-help efforts is expected to continue increasing, and the associated role of private-sector insurance companies is becoming large.
   Japan’s Insurance Market Viewed from a Global Perspective Non-Life Insurance
  The World’s Fourth Largest Market Scale
According to the “sigma” newsletter of Swiss Re, the scale of the non-life insurance market in 147 countries and regions around the world was approximately ¥229 trillion in 2016. The largest market is that of the United States (approximately ¥86 trillion), and Japan’s market is the fourth largest (approximately ¥12.7 trillion).
Japanese Market Smaller in a Share of GDP
Japan’s insurance premiums as a share of GDP are only 2.37% (the 23rd highest), compared to the global average of 2.81%.
Comparison of Non-Life Insurance Premium Income in Principal Countries (2016)
    Italy
Spain
Brazil
Country/Region
United States
China
Germany
Japan
United Kingdom
France
South Korea
Canada
Netherlands
Australia
Switzerland
India
Taiwan
Belgium
Russia
Mexico
Austria
Other countries (regions)
86,075,067
22,075,272
13,055,449
12,717,348
11,371,886
9,201,076
7,234,298
7,001,413
6,914,529
4,823,335
4,332,834
3,703,166
3,432,099
2,952,445
1,897,466
1,838,783
1,808,412
1,560,883
1,433,323
1,309,884
24,693,738
Direct Premiums Written
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
-
37.5
9.6
5.7
5.5
5.0
4.0
3.2
3.1
3.0
2.1
1.9
1.6
1.5
1.3
0.8
0.8
0.8
0.7
0.6
0.6
10.8
As a Share of GDP
4.29
1.81
3.33
2.37
2.58
3.17
4.72
4.22
8.27
3.53
2.01
2.77
1.76
4.12
0.77
3.34
2.64
1.13
1.27
3.12
-
45
12
23
21
13
10
32
17
48
11
19
6
4
7
2
8
76
70
64
14
-
Per Capital Premiums
       (¥ million)
Ranking
1
Share (%)
(%)
Ranking
(¥)
265,643
15,945
151,533
100,660
111,833
126,693
142,313
193,294
406,979
199,476
66,058
79,942
16,379
350,684
1,410
78,315
117,690
10,847
11,172
151,424
-
Ranking
        Total/Average
229,432,707
-
100.00
2.81
-
30,946
-
         4 55 11 21 18 16 13 8 2 6 30 27 54 3 83 28 17 62 60 12 -
                     Source: Prepared based on data in “sigma No. 3/2017” of Swiss Re.
Note 1: The “Total (average)” figures are totals of figures for 147 countries and regions within the scope of the survey in 2016.
Note 2: Premium figures are direct premiums written by domestic- and foreign-based companies in each country and region (including cross-border transaction premiums), and the figures
for each country and region do not include direct premiums written by foreign bases of domestic companies. Note 3: Figures were converted into Japanese yen at the average exchange rate for 2016 (US$1=¥108.47).
Life Insurance
Japanese Market Accounts for Approximately 13.5% of the Global Market
According to “sigma No. 3/2017” newsletter of Swiss Re “International Life Insurance Statistics” of the Life Insurance Association of Japan, global life insurance premium income amounted to approximately US$2,620 billion in 2016. The figure for Japan was approximately US$354 billion (¥38 trillion), corresponding to 13.5% of the global figure.
Source: Prepared based on data in “sigma No. 3/2017” of Swiss Re.
Note: Figures represent premiums directly written in each country irrespective of
the geographical base of the underwriting company.
*1 Life insurance premiums figures include estimates of premiums from group
pension policies (except in certain regions).
*2 Figures are for the fiscal year from April 1, 2016, through March 31, 2017.
Life Insurance Premium Income/Rankings/ Market Share by Country (Top 10 Countries)
  France
Italy
Country
United States*1
Japan*2
China
United Kingdom
South Korea*2
Germany
Taiwan
India*2
Life Insurance Premiums (2016)
   Ranking
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Premium Income (US$ million)
558,847
354,053
262,616
199,369
152,817
122,438
104,169
94,661
84,493
61,817
Share (%)
    21.4 13.5 10.0
7.6 5.8 4.7 4.0 3.6 3.2 2.4
          INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 091
Appendix

   A
Glossary of Insurance Terminology
Commissions and Collection Expense
The total of agent commissions, insurance broker commissions, sales expense, collection expense, reinsurance commissions, and ceded premium commissions. (Note that ceded premium commissions, which are commission incomes pertaining to ceded reinsurance and retrocession premiums, are deductions.)
Compulsory Automobile Liability Insurance (CALI)
In order to provide relief to victims of automobile accidents, this is compulsory insurance that all motor vehicles must be enrolled in under law. Motorized bicycles are also subject to this requirement. Compulsory automobile liability insurance provides compensation in cases where other persons are killed or injured in traffic accidents, etc. Insurance claims are paid for loss compensation of the other persons.
Core Profit (Fundamental Profit)
Ordinary profit after adjustments for capital profits/(losses) and extraordinary income and losses, which represent profits and losses not stemming from principal business of life insurance companies; so, Core Profit is an indicator of the profitability of the Company’s principal business operations during a fiscal year. The concept of Core Profit is close to those of ordinary companies’ “operating income” and banks’ “business income.”
Corporate Governance Code
Corporate governance principles that the Tokyo Stock Exchange is requiring its listed companies to comply with. (For more details, please consult the Tokyo Stock Exchange website.)  U R L https://www.jpx.co.jp/english/equities/listing/cg/03.html
Cross-Selling
Concurrent selling of life insurance and non-life insurance products, such as in the case of a non-life insurance agent that sells life insurance products.
D
Direct Insurance
A term used in contrast with reinsurance. When an insurance contract is reinsured, the original insurance that has been reinsured is called direct insurance.
It can also be used to refer to all the insurance contracts directly entered into with policyholders by the insurance company. → Reinsurance
E
Earned-Incurred Loss Ratio (EI Loss Ratio)
After adjusting for provisions and reversals of loss reserves and ordinary policy liability reserves, the EI Loss Ratio is an indicator of the loss ratio on a current - period - occurrence basis.
It is calculated as follows. → Net Loss Ratio
・EI Loss Ratio = claims incurred ÷ premiums earned
・Claims incurred = period-end net claims paid + (period-end loss
reserve – previous period-end loss reserve) ・Premiumsearned= previousperiod-endunearnedpremiums+
net premiums written for the period – period-end unearned premiums
Embedded Value (EV)
The current value of net assets plus the current value of future profit expected from policies in force (policies in force value). Under current statutory accounting practices, the recognition of costs is concentrated at the time of sales, while the related profits are recognized in subsequent years; so, using those accounting practices to accurately evaluate corporate perfor- mance is difficult in some ways. Since EV encompasses an evaluation of the current value of future profit expected from policies in force, it is a useful indicator that can be used to supplement statutory accounting practices for the purpose of evaluating companies’ performance and enterprise values.
 Alternative Risk Transfer (ART) Business
A general term referring to the use of techniques other than traditional insurance policies to transfer risks, meaning to provide risk-bearing entities with coverage or protection. ART entails the use of financial technologies and capital markets to provide risk solutions. ART products include derivatives and securitized products, and the typical products include “weather derivatives” and “earthquake derivatives.”
Annualized Premiums
The insurance premium payment method differs depending on the insurance contract. An annualized premium is calculated by adjusting for these differences in payment methods and computing the yearly average paid in premiums. It indicates how much income an insurance company makes from insurance premiums in one year.
Asset Liability Management (ALM)
A general term for the comprehensive management of risks related to assets and liabilities. The value of most of the assets held by insurance companies and other financial institutions is affected by market prices (or market interest rates), in other words, they are at risk. A proper evaluation of risks and returns cannot focus on assets or liabilities alone – the ALM business management methodology seeks to maximize profit, while managing in a way that pays comprehensive attention to the risk and return of both assets and liabilities.
Assumed Interest Rate
Insurance companies anticipate a certain level of profits from asset management and offer discounts on insurance premiums based on this. This discount rate is called the assumed interest rate.
C
Cancer Insurance
Cancer insurance policies provide hospitalization benefits and surgery benefits when beneficiaries are hospitalized or undergo surgery to treat cancer. There are products that provide “cancer outpatient benefits” to beneficiaries after they have been discharged from a hospital after having been hospitalized for a specified period of time, and there are products that provide “cancer hospital discharge benefits” or “cancer home care benefits” after they have been discharged from a hospital after having been hospitalized for a specified period of time.
Catastrophe Reserves
Most non-life insurance premium rates are set using the “law of large numbers,” but, in a given fiscal year, it is always possible that there will be a major typhoon or other large disaster causing damages on a scale that cannot be absorbed using premium income for that year alone. The catastrophe reserve is provided to prepare to respond to the temporary surge in claims associated with such disasters. For more details, see P. 97.
CAT Bond (Catastrophe Bond)
Securities sold by non-life insurance companies to investors to enable the insurance companies to avoid major losses owing to claims paid in connection with major disasters.
If there is no occurrence of a disaster on a scale surpassing previously stipulated criterion, then the CAT bonds’ interest and principal will be paid to the investors, but, in the case of such a disaster, the principal will be partially or entirely reduced.
Combined Ratio
An indicator that is the sum of the net loss ratio and the net expense ratio, and subtracting this ratio from 1 gives the underwriting balance ratio. Although the indicator is not adjusted to reflect outstanding claims and underwriting reserve, it reflects profitability for the fiscal period. Used only in the insurance industry, its concept is similar to that of the ratio of operating profit on sales of ordinary companies.
   092 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
Data Section
While the Company has disclosed its EV for some time, since fiscal 2011, it has disclosed its EV calculated on the basis of the European Embedded Value principles (EEV principles*), and this type of EV is referred to as EEV. In addition, the Company’s calculations of EEV employ a market-consistent approach to evaluating liability- and asset-related cash flows that is consistent with the financial products traded in markets.
* The EEV principles were instituted by a CFO Forum (comprised of the chief financial officers (CFOs of major European insurance companies)), in May 2004 with the goal of promoting a consistent EV calculation and disclosure method and thereby promoting an increase in transparency.
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
A process for determining and evaluating the risks associated with the execution of business operations by an enterprise in an integrated, comprehensive, and strategic manner. It is an integrated risk management method used for maximizing enterprise value. For more details, see PP. 38 and 70.
Equity Ratio
The proportion of equity divided by total assets. Owing to the application of accounting standards concerning financial products and inclusion of unrealized gains on securities within balance sheet figures, the equity ratio is also stated based on market value.
ESG
Three concepts of environmental, social, and governance (ESG). In ESG investing, the investor does not focus exclusively on the profit that can be earned from an investment, but goes on to consider the impact of the investment on the environment as well as on shareholders, customers, employees, local communi- ties, and other stakeholders. ESG investing essentially entails carrying out CSR when making investment decisions.
Expected Mortality
Based on past statistics, gender-wise and age-wise mortality (or the number of those alive) is predicted, and this information is used for calculating the required amount of insurance premium for the future insurance payments. The mortality rate used in these calculations is called the expected mortality.
Expected Operating Expense Ratio
Life insurance companies anticipate all the expenses required for business operation such as concluding contracts, receiving premiums, maintaining and managing policies, and so on in advance. The sum of these expenses is divided by expected premium income to calculate the expected operating expense ratio.
F
Foreign Currency-Denominated Life Insurance
G
General Insurance Rating Organization of Japan
An insurance rating organization formed by the merger in July 2002 of the Property and Casualty Insurance Rating Organiza- tion of Japan (established 1948) and the Automobile Insurance Rating Organization of Japan (established 1964), which were established in accordance with the Act of Non-Life Insurance Rating Organizations.
It collects data from member insurance companies and calculates the Reference Loss Cost Rates for automobile insurance, fire insurance, personal accident insurance, and nursing care expense insurance, as well as Standard Rates for compulsory automobile liability insurance and earthquake insurance. It also handles loss adjustment work for compulsory automobile liability, collects insurance data, and conducts research and analysis.
Gross Written Premiums
Premiums written that were received from direct insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts during one fiscal year; they are the premiums written prior to the deduction of reinsurance premiums ceded via reinsurance contracts.
Group Core Profit
Supplementary Information
  Group Core Profit, which is a numerical management target within the Next Challenge 2017 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Core Profit =
Consolidated net income - Net capital gains/losses on stock portfolio (gains/loss- es on sales, etc.) - Net evaluation gains/losses on credit derivatives - Other incidental factors + Equity in earnings of the non-consolidated Group companies
 Foreign currency-denominated life insurance calls for the use of foreign currency (U.S. dollars, Euros, Australian dollars, etc.) to pay insurance premiums and the use of foreign currency to pay insurance benefits and reimbursements upon policy cancella- tions. A portion of such life insurance products as whole life insurance, endowment insurance, and fixed/variable individual annuities are sold as foreign currency-denominated products. When the foreign-currency benefits from such products are converted into yen, they will be impacted by foreign exchange rate fluctuations; so, there is a possibility that the yen-denomi- nated benefits may end up being lower than the yen-denomi- nated value of the premiums paid. The impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations is referred to as “foreign exchange risk (foreign exchange rate fluctuation risk),” and policyholders and beneficiaries of foreign currency- denominated policies are exposed to those risks.
Full-Time Agents
Agents specializing in the sale of insurance. In the field of non-life insurance, in addition to specialized agents (profession- al agents), there are also automobile sales dealers, automobile repair shops, real estate agents, travel agents, and other sideline agents that sell insurance alongside their main line of business.
Group Return on Equity (Group ROE)
Group ROE, which is a numerical management target within the Next Challenge 2017 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
GroupROE= GroupCoreProfit÷Consolidatedtotalnetassets
excluding non-controlling interests (average of beginning and ending amounts of B/S)
Group Adjusted Profit
Group Adjusted Profit, which is a numerical management target within the Vision 2021 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Adjusted Profit = Consolidated net income + provision
for catastrophe loss reserve and others - other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets, etc.) + equity in earnings of the non-consolidated group companies
Group Adjusted ROE
Group Adjusted ROE, which is a numerical management target within the Vision 2021 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Adjusted ROE = Group Adjusted Profit ÷ average of
beginning and ending amounts on B/S of adjusted net assets (consolidated net assets + catastrophe loss reserve and others - goodwill and other intangible fixed assets)
I
Income Guarantee Insurance
A type of insurance under which pension can be claimed after the policyholder’s death for the full term of the insurance as decided at the time of entering the contract. The number of times pension can be claimed depends on the time of death of the policyholder. The minimum number of times pension can be claimed is guaranteed. If the number of times pension has been claimed before maturity is less than the guaranteed minimum, the remaining number of times can be claimed.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 093
 Appendix

 Incurred but Not Reported Loss (IBNR)
The portion of underwriting reserves corresponding to claims that have incurred but had not been reported to the company at the end of the period. IBNR is estimated using statistical methods. → Ordinary Outstanding Claims Reserve
Individual Annuity Insurance
Annuity insurance is a financial product used to save premiums and thereby fund the payment of future annuities, and individual annuity insurance is an annuity insurance product provided by private-sector life insurance companies. The annuities are received after the beneficiary reaches an age specified in the policy contract. There are several kinds of individual annuity insurance products defined based on the annuity receipt period, such as whole life annuity with a guarantee period, annuity certain, fixed-term annuity with a guarantee period, and a husband-and-wife annuity.
Insurance Business Act
A law that was enacted to promote the protection of policyholders through ensuring sound and appropriate business operations of insurance companies and fair solicitation of insurance policies. The act lays down organizational and operational rules for insurance businesses, as well as defining the criteria for the administration and supervision of insurance companies, and determining the supervision standards and authorities of government units overseeing insurance business operations.
Insurance Claim (Benefit)
In the case of non-life insurance, the sum of money paid by an insurance company to the insured based on the amount of damage incurred as a result of an insured event. (In the case of life insurance) the sum of money decided beforehand in the insurance contract paid by the insurance company upon the maturity of the contract to the designated beneficiary, in the event of illness or death of the insured person.
J
Japanese Version of the Stewardship Code
A set of principles released by the Financial Services Agency directed at institutional investors who own shares in companies. (For details, please see the Financial Services Agency website.)  U R L  https://www.fsa.go.jp/en/refer/councils/stewardship/
L
Law of Large Numbers
If you roll a die (1 dice), a “one” may appear by chance, but if you continue to increase the number of times the die is rolled, the ratio of times that “one” appears will approach one time out of six. As in this case, when the number of trials is increased, the law of large numbers indicates that the results will approach a fixed value. When calculating the probability of accident occurrence, the probability can be forecast by analyzing large volumes of accident data rather than just looking at the accident percentages of a few cases.
Life Insurance Professional
An agent specializing in life insurance or selling life insurance as its main business.
Lloyd’s (Insurance Market)
The generic name for an insurance market established in London in the 17th century, having more than a 300-year history. On a day-to-day basis, huge and complex risks are brought to Lloyd’s, where that risk is assessed, premiums decided, and insurance underwritten by underwriters who have a high level of specialized expertise and who belong to individual syndicates (the risk underwriting bodies at Lloyd’s).
Lloyd’s is under the supervision of the British regulatory authorities as well as the rigorous management and supervisory system of Lloyd’s itself, and it is not easy to become a Lloyd’s member (syndicate fund contributor) or establish a syndicate as many strict requirements must be satisfied.
As of the end of December 2017, Lloyd’s had 95 syndicates and 56 managing agents registered. The fiscal 2017 gross written premiums of the Lloyd’s market as a whole were approximately 33.5 billion British pounds.
Risk assessment, underwriting approval / disapproval and decisions of terms & conditions
Syndicate
Long-Term Care Insurance (Nursing Care Insurance)
A kind of insurance that can provide benefits for the purpose of providing long-term nursing care. In Japan, there exists both public long-term care insurance and private long-term care insurance products. Among the latter type of products, there are products that will provide a lump-sum benefit and/or annuities in cases where the beneficiary requires nursing due to being bedridden or suffering dementia for a specified period of time. There are also products that will provide a lump-sum benefit and/or annuities based on the public long-term care insurance system’s primary nursing care requirement authorization.
Loss Adjustment Expense
Personnel expenses and non-personnel expenses (including depreciation costs) as well as various taxes related to the loss adjustment and insurance claim payment operations.
M
Medical Insurance
Medical insurance provides benefits to policyholders when they are hospitalized due to illness or injury or undergo specified types of surgical operations. Some medical insurance policies also provide death benefits on the decease of the beneficiary, but the amount of such benefits is generally small.
Motor Channel Agent
Sideline agents that sell insurance as a side business but are mainly automobile repair shops, used car sales dealers, or automobile-related service providers, or motorbike shops. Automobile dealerships that also sell insurance are excluded from this category.
    Policyholder
Lloyd’s broker
  Underwriter
    Managing agent
 (Management, operation for Syndicate)
   094 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message
Who We Are
Our Way
Special Feature Our Platform
Data Section
Supplementary Information
 N
Net Claims Paid
Net claims paid is obtained by totaling (adding or subtracting as indicated) items ❶ to ❹ listed to the right, and plainly shows
Outstanding Claims
When an accident has occurred prior to the balance sheet date and the related claim has not been paid, provisions are made to the outstanding claims to fund the claim payment.
P
Policies in Force
The outstanding amount of valid insurance policies owned by an insurance company at the end of the fiscal year. It is an indication of the grand total amount (of insurance, etc.) guaranteed to policyholders.
Policy Clauses
The policy clauses define the details of the insurance contract, including the policyholder’s obligation to pay the insurance premium and duty of disclosure, as well as the payment amount and terms and conditions of payment by the insurance company. There are two kinds of policy clauses – common policy clauses, which are common to all insurance contracts of the same type, and special policy clauses (clauses containing special policy conditions), which are customized for individual contracts by adding to or chang- ing/limiting some of the provisions in the common policy clauses.
Policyholder
The party applying to an insurance company for an insurance contract is called the policyholder. The policyholder is obliged to pay the insurance premium once the contract is concluded.
Policy Reserve
The reserve set aside by the insurance company at the period-end closing of accounts so that it can fulfill its obligation to pay insurance claims based on insurance contracts. It includes outstanding claims and underwriting reserves, and policyholder dividend reserves.
R
Reinsurance
When an insurance company seeking to disperse risk which an insurance company underwrote the responsibility for insurance policies it has written to another insurance company, that is called reinsurance. → Direct Insurance
Reinsurance Premium
An insurance premium received from another insurance company via a reinsurance contract in return for underwriting a part of the risk.
Reinsurance Premium Ceded
An insurance premium paid to another insurance company via a reinsurance contract in return for covering a part of the risk of the original insurance contract, for purposes such as risk diversification.
Reorganization by Function
An unprecedented business model made possible by the 2013 revision of Japan’s Insurance Business Act, Reorganization by Function calls for making the most of the strengths of each group insurance company while undertaking business reorganization. While enabling the bypassing of the negative aspects of simple corporate mergers – including temporary costs and the business impediments, time losses, and various other problematic factors that often arise at the time of mergers – Reorganization by Function is designed to realize smooth business integration without slowing the speed of business growth, and it concurrently enables the leveraging of individual companies’ strengths and the realization of efficiency in the pursuit of business scale and profitability.
 the amount of insurance claims paid. The payment of insurance claims is the main expenditure involved in the non-life insurance business.
Net Expense Ratio
❶ Direct claims paid
-) ❷ Reinsurance claims ceded
+) ❸ Reinsurance claims paid -) ❹ Retrocession claims ceded
❺ Net claims paid  (Income statement item)
  The net expense ratio is
obtained by adding the commissions and collection expense to operating expenses and general administrative expenses incurred in the insurance underwriting business, and dividing this by net premiums written. It is an indicator of the operational efficiency of an insurance company. The net expense ratio can also be called simply “expense ratio.”
Net Loss Ratio
The net loss ratio is obtained by adding net claims paid and loss adjustment expenses, and dividing this by net premiums written, and it indicates the company’s insurance underwriting business performance. It can also be called “published loss ratio” or “loss ratio.”
The net loss ratio is what is called a “written paid basis” indicator, as it can be calculated based simply on written premium and paid claims during the accounting period in question. → Earned-Incurred Loss Ratio (EI Loss Ratio)
Net Premiums Written
Net premiums written is obtained by totaling (adding or subtracting as indicated) items ❶ to ❹ listed to the right, and
plainly shows the income earned from the non-life insurance business (excluding deposit premiums from policyholders).
❶ Direct premiums written
-) ❷ Reinsurance premiums ceded
+) ❸ Reinsurance premiums written -) ❹ Retrocession premiums ceded
❺ Net premiums written   (Income statement item)
  Non-Fleet Grade System (Automobile Insurance)
A system of insurance premium discounts and surcharges based on the accident history applied to non-fleet contracts. The term non-fleet contracts refers to contracts where the total number of contract automobiles owned and used by the policyholder (the number of contracts with other insurance companies included) is nine or less. (Cases where the number of automobiles is 10 or more are referred to as “fleet contracts.”) The grades are divided into 20 levels (grade 1 to grade 20), and the grade is maintained even if the insurance company changes.
For more details, see P. 97.
O
Ordinary Outstanding Claims Reserve
A type of outstanding claims reserve set aside based on an estimation of future liability of individual claims that have occurred and been reported but not yet settled.
→ Incurred but Not Reported Loss (IBNR)
Ordinary Underwriting Reserves
The amount of unearned premiums (premium reserve) or the initial year balance, whichever is greater, is set aside as a liability reserve and called “ordinary underwriting reserve.”
・Unearned premiums (premium reserve): Insurance premiums corresponding to the time period remaining on an insurance policy, collected beforehand.
・Initial year balance: Premiums received during the fiscal year less claims paid, reserves for outstanding claims, and other expenses incurred under those contracts.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 095
Appendix

 Reserve for Price Fluctuation
In accordance with the Insurance Business Act revised in 1996, this reserve is provided to cover losses incurred from future decreases in prices of assets such as stocks and bonds whose value is likely to fluctuate.
Retrocession Premium
When a reinsurance company reinsures a certain portion of the accepted reinsurance risks to other reinsurers, a reinsurance company pays a retrocession premium to other reinsurers based on the retrocession contracts.
S
Solvency Margin Ratio
The solvency margin of an insurance company, including its capital and reserves, seen as a percentage of a risk amount greater than what can be ordinarily expected, which may include catastrophic disasters or a massive drop in the price of owned assets. It is an indicator of the soundness of the company’s management.
Solvency margin ratio = solvency margin ÷ half of total risk amount greater than what can be ordinarily expected
Three Surplus Factors (Life Insurance)
The "three surplus factor" refers to three margins: the "administrative expense margin," which is the difference between the planned administrative expense based on the planned expense ratio and the actual administrative expenses; the "risk margin (mortality margin)," which is the difference between the planned payment amounts from insurance, benefits, etc. based on the planned mortality rate and the actual payment amounts from insurance, benefits, etc.; and the "investment yield margin" which is the difference between the planned investment income based on the planned interest rate and the actual investment income. (If the investment yield margin is negative, it will be in a "negative spread" state.) The three surplus factors are breakdown of "core profit," which is an indicator of the periodical profit and loss situation of a life insurance company.
Tontine-Type Annuity
Defined as “a plan whereby the guarantee of someone who has died is controlled and their share in an annuity devolved to the pension of someone living,” the tontine-type annuity product offers the benefit of the longer people live, the more pension is received. Its name is derived from an insurance system devised by the Italian Lorenzo de Tonti.
U
Underwriting Profit (Loss)
Claims payment and loss adjustment expenses, maturity refunds and other underwriting expenses, and operating expenses and other general administrative expenses required for insurance underwriting are subtracted from net premiums written and other underwriting profit, and this is then adjusted to reflect other income and expenditure (such as expenses associated with compulsory automobile liability insurance, etc., corresponding to corporate taxes) to calculate underwriting profit (loss).
As for non-life insurance companies, the principal revenue sources are underwriting income and investment income, and underwriting profit indicates the profitability level of underwriting operations.
Underwriting Reserves
The general term for reserve funds set aside by insurance companies based on the legal requirement, for use toward insurance claims payments and other insurance-related obligations that could arise in the future. Underwriting reserves are broadly classified into five types.
(1) ordinary underwriting reserves, (2) catastrophe reserves, (3) contingency reserves, (4) refund reserves, and (5) policyholder dividend reserves.
V
Variable Insurance
An insurance product where the premium is invested in stocks, bonds, and other assets, and the insurance payment or payout upon cancellation varies depending on the performance of the investment. The investment risk (the risk fluctuation in pension or cancellation payout) is borne by the individual policyholder. When the policyholder dies, the beneficiary can claim the basic insurance + variable insurance. The basic insurance is a minimum amount guaranteed to the policyholder irrespective of the investment fund’s performance. Even when the variable insurance is negative, the basic insurance can be claimed.
W
Whole Life Insurance
Of the types of insurance providing for the receipt of death benefits on death, this is a type that is not for a fixed period but continues for a lifetime and does not have benefits on maturity. → Term Insurance
  Strategic Equity
Investments in stocks with the intention of holding the stock over a long period to maintain and strengthen general business relationships with the issuer, while also securing a stable stream of investment income and improving asset value over the long run.
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
 U R L  http://www.undp.org/content/undp/en/home/sustainable-development-goals.html
 Goal 1: Goal 2: Goal 3: Goal 4: Goal 5: Goal 6: Goal 7: Goal 8: Goal 9: Goal 10: Goal 11: Goal 12: Goal 13: Goal 14: Goal 15: Goal 16: Goal 17:
T
Telematics
No poverty
Zero hunger
Good health and well-being
Quality education
Gender equality
Clean water and sanitation
Affordable and clean energy
Decent work and economic growth Industry, innovation and infrastructure Reduced inequalities
Sustainable cities and communities Responsible consumption and production Climate action
Life below water
Life on land
Peace, justice and strong institutions Partnerships for the goals
  A combination of “telecommunication” and “informatics,” telematics refers to information services provided by equipping automobiles and other mobile objects with communications systems.
Telematics Automobile Insurance refers to the automobile insurance with the premium rates calculated based on the collected data which is relating to the driver’s driving tendency such as miles driven, drivers’ use of accelerator and brake functions.
Term Insurance
 A type of insurance, where the term of the insurance is fixed and the insurance benefits can be claimed only if the policyholder dies during the term. There are no maturity proceeds. This is ordinarily a fixed-amount insurance, where the insurance amount is fixed and remains unchanged throughout the term of insurance, but it could also be a decreasing term insurance, where the insurance premium is fixed and the insurance amount progressively decreases over the insurance term, and increasing term insurance, where the insurance amount increases over the duration of the insurance term. → Whole Life Insurance
Third Sector
The third “sector” of insurance, positioned somewhere between the first sector (life insurance) and second sector (non-life insurance), and includes many different types of insurance, such as medical insurance, cancer insurance, nursing care insurance, and accident insurance.
 Accounting Line Item Terminology
Please refer to the Guide Book for the Understanding of Disclosure Materials of Non-Life Insurance Companies*1 (prepared by the General Insurance Association of Japan) and the Life Insurance Company Disclosure Notes Glossary*2 (prepared by the Life Insurance Association of Japan for details of accounting line items and other pertinent information.
*1 http://www.sonpo.or.jp/archive/publish/sonpo/pdf/0004/ book_kantanguide.pdf
*2 http://www.seiho.or.jp/data/publication/tora/pdf/tora_yougo.pdf
096 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
Data Section
Supplementary Information
   Catastrophe Reserves
● These are reserves that insurance companies set aside to prepare for major disasters (typhoons, earthquakes, etc.) for which the “law of large numbers” does not function.
● The funds are accumulated as reserves (expense posted) at a certain percentage of each fiscal year’s net premiums written.
● If a fiscal year’s loss ratio (ratio of net losses paid to net premiums written) exceeds a certain threshold, reserves are reversed and posted as income.
● This is one of the mechanisms used to mitigate the impact on an insurance company’s fiscal year profit and to guarantee it has a suitable capacity to pay insurance claims.
Non-Fleet Grade System (Automobile Insurance)
● This system applies discount percentages to grades defined from Grade 1 to Grade 20.
    Amount of reversal of catastrophe reserve
If the net loss ratio exceeds the reversal threshold determined for each insurance line (group), the amount exceeding the threshold is reversed out of the reserve.
(income)
High
Insurance premiums
Grade 1
Grade 2
Grade 3
Grade 4
Grade Grade Grade 18 19 20
 Low High
● When the contract is first concluded, the customer
starts at Grade 6 (or Grade 7) and then rises by a one-grade increment if there are no accidents.
High
Surcharges
Low
Low
Discounts
   100%
No reversal of catastrophe reserve
Example: FY2010
Reversal of catastrophe reserve
50%
In case of fire/
cargo group
● If there is an accident, the grade drops by three-grade increments, and, at renewal time, the grade, in principle, drops by three-grade increments per accident.*
* Depending on the accident type and the type of claim received, there are cases where the grade drops by only a one-grade increment and cases where the matter is not counted as an accident.
Net Premiums Written
  Net Losses Paid
Net Losses Paid
 FY2011
   About Residential Earthquake Insurance
High
Insurance premiums
Low
  Based on Japan's Law Concerning Earthquake Insurance (the Earthquake Insurance Act), residential earthquake insurance is operated jointly by the government and non-life insurance companies. Reflecting the significant impact that earthquakes can have on society, residential earthquake insurance is a prerequisite for and incidental to fire insurance. Recognizing the substantial damage that is likely to occur in the event of a large-scale earthquake, residential earthquake insurance involves a government reinsurance underwriting mechanism in preparation for the payment of massive insurance amounts. For their part, non-life insurance companies forego the accumulation of profits in similar fashion to compulsory automobile liability insurance. Premiums are set aside as a reserve to cover insurance payments in the event of an earthquake in the future.
Government and Private-Sector Burdens
If no accidents: 1 grade up
   Revised April 1, 2017
(¥ billion) 11,300
224.4 88.4
■Private sector: ¥173.2 billion
■Japanese government: ¥11,126.8 billion
High
Insurance premiums
Low
Discount %
Principle
3 grades down for 1 accident
  Grade 13
Grade 14
Grade 15
Grade 16
Accident
Grade 17
 Grade 18
   ● Even at the same grade, discount percentages differ, depending on whether there have been accidents in the past. When “accidents exist,” insurance premiums are set higher than when “no accidents exist.”
 Not accident free
 Grade 15
 Grade 16
Grade
 Grade 17
 11,058.8
  68.0
 68.0
 88.4
  16.8
Grade 15
Grade 16
Low
 17
Discount %
Discounts High
 Accident free
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 097
Appendix

 Corporate Profile
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings is an insurance holding company. The Company controls the entire MS&AD Insurance Group, planning strategies and allocating management resources across the Group, as well as monitoring and overseeing Group companies. The Company has thus established a system for Group corporate governance.
The Company will be the force to maximize the total potential of the Group, forming the center of efforts to raise the level of management control, pursue Group synergies, accelerate decision making, and develop human assets through various business frameworks and personnel systems.
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
April 1, 2008 (Name changed on April 1, 2010)
27-2, Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Yasuyoshi Karasawa, Representative Director, President & CEO ¥100,000 million
390 (41,295 on a consolidated basis) (As of March 31, 2018)
Our activities as an insurance holding company are as follows:
1. Management of non-life and life insurance companies and companies qualified to become subsidiaries under
the Insurance Business Act.
2. Any business associated with the above.
Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section) Nagoya Stock Exchange (First Section)
KPMG AZSA LLC
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. / Organizational Chart (As of April 1, 2018)
 Corporate name
 Date established
 Headquarters
 Representative
 Paid-in capital
 Number of employees
 Business description
 Stock listings
 Independent auditor
                  Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Shareholders’ Meeting
 Audit & Supervisory Board
 Board of Directors
Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee
  Internal Audit Dept.
Group Management Committee
Governance Committee
 Task-Specific Committee Meetings
  Officers in Charge
       098 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Office of Audit & Supervisory Board
           Corporate Planning Dept. Sustainability Section
Investment Planning Section Innovations Section
Information Technology Planning Dept.
Business Development Dept.
Human Resources and General Administration Dept. Healthcare Administration Center Shareholder Relations and Legal Section Real Estate Section
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept.
Corporate Risk Management Dept. Investment Risk Management Section
International Supervisory Dept. International Life Insurance Business Dept.
Accounting Dept.
Compliance Dept.

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Stock and Shareholders (As of March 31, 2018) 1. Summary of Issued Shares
  Class of Stock
Total Number of Issued Shares
2. Shareholding Profile Breakdown by Sector
Common stock 593,291,754
Total Number of Authorized Shares Number of Shareholders
900,000,000 65,512
          Item
Number of Shareholders
Japanese Financial Institutions
Japanese Securities Companies
Japanese Individuals and Others
 185
210.48
35.5%
63
18.40
3.1%
33,640
51.3%
286.91
48.3%
1,553
99.93
16.8%
11,919
18.2%
20.38
3.4%
818 62,893
208.21 56.24
35.1% 9.5%
966 405
1.5% 0.6%
2.27 2.35 2.27
0.4% 0.4% 0.4%
65,512
593.29
100.0%
65,512
100.0%
  Number of Shares Held (millions)
  Percentage of Shares Issued
 Breakdown by Number of Shares Held
        Item
 Number of Shareholders
1–99
100–999
1,000–9,999
10,000–99,999
100,000 and Above
Total
  Percentage of All Shareholders
  Breakdown by Region
3. Major Shareholders
18,582
28.4%
1.08
0.2%
2.88
0.5%
67.04
11.3%
208.08
35.1%
593.29
100.0%
8.88 6.13
5.66 4.50
2.36
1.66 1.58 1.54
1.50
1.42 35.23
            Item
 Number of Shares (millions)
Hokkaido
Tohoku
Kanto
Chubu
Kinki
Chugoku
Shikoku
Kyushu
Overseas
Total
  Percentage of Shares Issued
     Toyota Motor Corporation
Shareholder Name
NIPPON LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 380072 (Standing agent: Corporate Financial Sales Div., Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd.)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 5)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 7)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 4)
STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT-TREATY 505234 (Standing agent: Corporate Financial Sales Div.,
Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd.)
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 140044 (Standing agent: Corporate Financial Sales Div., Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd.)
Total
1, Toyota-cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture
2-11-3, Hamamatsu-cho, Minato-ku, Tokyo
1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
1-8-11, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Address
1-6-6, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
c/o Nippon Life Securities Operations Department
25 BANK STREET, CANARY WHARF, LONDON, E14 5JP, UNITED KINGDOM (2-15-1 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
1776 HERITAGE DRIVE, NORTH QUINCY, MA 02171, U.S.A. (2-15-1 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
225 LIBERTY STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK, U.S.A. (2-15-1 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
Number of Shares Held (thousands)
52,610
36,325
33,531
26,685
13,953
9,855
9,363
9,130
8,869
8,400
208,725
Percentage to Shares Issued (%)
           Note: Number of shares held is rounded down; percentage to shares issued is shown as rounded to the nearest hundred percent. The Company owns 880,702 treasury shares but these are omitted from the table above.
Other Japanese Companies
Foreign Companies and Individuals
Total
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 099
Data Section

 4. Changes in Total Number of Issued Shares, Paid-in Capital, etc.
      Date
Issued Shares
Paid-in Capital
Capital Reserves
       Increase/Decrease
Balance
Increase/Decrease
(40,000) thousand 593,291 thousand - ¥100,000 million - ¥729,255 million
Note: The decrease in the total number of issued shares was due to the retirement of treasury shares.
Balance
Increase/Decrease
Balance
 June 30, 2017
 5. Basic Information
Fiscal Year
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Record Date
Method of Public Notification
Stock Exchange Listings
Administrator of Shareholders’ Registry
Place of Business of Administrator of Shareholders’ Registry:
Special Account Management Institution: (Postal Address)
Telephone Inquiry
April 1 to March 31 of the following year
Within three months of the end of each fiscal year
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders: March 31, every year Year-end dividends: March 31, every year
Interim dividends: September 30, every year
Electronic reporting can be found online at https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/ja/ir/notification.html (Japanese only)
In the event of an incident or other event that prevents electronic reporting, the Company will publish its notifications in the Nikkei newspaper.
Tokyo Stock Exchange and Nagoya Stock Exchange (First Section) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, Stock Transfer Agency Dept. (1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan)
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited*
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, Stock Transfer Agency Dept. (2-8-4, Izumi, Suginami-ku, Tokyo 168-0063, Japan)
0120-782-031
 * Following a share exchange effective April 1, 2010, the Company inherited the responsibility for a special account that was established on the same day for the sharehold- ers of Aioi and NDI. As a result, the special account management institution for prior shareholders of these two companies will continue to be Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation (1-4-5, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo).
100 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Group Business Schematic (As of March 31, 2018) The primary businesses undertaken by MS&AD Holdings and its Group companies
(subsidiaries and affiliates), and the main Group companies undertaking each business, are listed below.
〈International Businesses〉
★ MSIG Holdings(Americas), Inc. <U.S.A.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc. <U.S.A.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America <U.S.A.>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of America <U.S.A.>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A. <BRAZIL>
★ MS Amlin plc <U.K.> and six other companies
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company(Europe), Limited <U.K.>
★ MSIG Insurance Europe AG <GERMANY>
★ MSIG Holdings(Asia)Pte. Ltd. <SINGAPORE>
★ MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd. <SINGAPORE>
★ MS First Capital Insurance Limited <SINGAPORE>
★ MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd. <TAIWAN>
★ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China)Company Limited <CHINA> ★ MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Limited <HONG KONG>
★ MSIG Insurance(Vietnam)Company Limited <VIETNAM>
● Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited <INDIA> ● Max Life Insurance Company Limited <INDIA>
★ PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia <INDONESIA>
● PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG <INDONESIA>
★ MSIG Insurance(Thailand)Public Company Limited <THAILAND> ● BPI/MS Insurance Corporation <PHILIPPINES>
★ MSIG Insurance(Malaysia)Bhd. <MALAYSIA>
● Hong Leong Assurance Berhad <MALAYSIA>
★ MSIG Insurance(Lao)Co., Ltd. <LAOS>
〈Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business〉 ★ MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd. <JAPAN> ● Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited <JAPAN>
★ MS Financial Reinsurance Limited <BERMUDA>
〈International Businesses〉
★ DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited <U.S.A.>
★ DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited <U.S.A.>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe Limited <U.K.>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG <GERMANY>
★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd <AUSTRALIA> ★ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China)Company Limited <CHINA>
● ReAssure Jersey One Limited <CHANNEL ISLANDS> <International Business>
★ InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc. <Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business>
Note: The above shows the primary consolidated subsidiaries and other entities in each business.
The ★ and ● symbols indicate the following: ★: Consolidated subsidiary ●: Equity-method affiliate
    ★ MITSUISUMITOMOINSURANCECOMPANY,LTD.(MainlytheDomesticNon-LifeInsuranceBusiness)
 ★ AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Mainly the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
 ★ MITSUI DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
 ★ MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Life Insurance Business)
 ★ MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Life Insurance Business)
      INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 101
Data Section
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

 Main Subsidiaries
1. CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
     Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
       Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 au Insurance Company, Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
 InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc.
 MSIG Holdings (Americas), Inc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of America
 DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited
 DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A.
 MS Amlin plc
 MS Amlin Corporate Services Limited
 MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
 MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
 MSI Corporate Capital Limited
 Amlin Insurance SE
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe Limited
 MS Amlin AG
 MSIG Insurance Europe AG
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG
  Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
Honolulu, U.S.A.
Honolulu, U.S.A.
São Paulo, Brazil
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
Zurich, Switzerland
Koeln, Germany
Oct. 21, 1918
June 30, 1918
June 3, 1999
Feb. 23, 2010
Aug. 8, 1996
Sept. 7, 2001
Dec. 6, 1990
Jan. 4, 1993
Oct. 21, 1988
Jan. 28, 1988
Mar. 29, 2001
Jan. 11, 1994
Dec. 12, 1978
Feb. 2, 2007
Dec. 15, 1965
Sept. 17, 1993
Aug. 1, 1988
Sept. 19, 1994
Nov. 29, 1988
Jan. 7, 2000
Jan. 4, 2016
July 28, 1972
Nov. 12, 2004
Aug. 19, 2010
Apr. 20, 2012
Dec. 8, 2005
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Domestic Life Insurance
Domestic Life Insurance
Financial Services
Risk-Related Services
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
¥139,595 million 100.0
¥100,005 million 100.0
¥39,106 million 89.7 ¥2,400 million ― ¥85,500 million 100.0
¥41,060 million 100.0
¥1,000 million ―
¥330 million 100.0
US$4,126 thousand ―
US$5,000 thousand ―
US$5,000 thousand ―
US$5,000 thousand ―
US$4,500 thousand ―
US$2,500 thousand ―
BRL619,756 ― thousand
UK£143,168 ― thousand
UK£16 thousand ―
UK£1,700 thousand ―
UK£400 thousand ―
UK£5,200 thousand ―
UK£1,164 thousand ―
UK£160,900 ― thousand
UK£39,781 ― thousand
CHF10,000 ― thousand
€84,000 thousand ―
€5,000 thousand ―
―
―
―
66.6
―
―
100.0
―
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
                                       Ismaning, Germany
 102 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message
Who We Are
Our Way
Special Feature
Our Platform
Appendix
 Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
       MS Financial Reinsurance Limited
 MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
 MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd.
 MS First Capital Insurance Limited
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd
 MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China) Company Limited
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China) Company Limited
 MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Limited
 MSIG Insurance(Vietnam)Company Limited
 PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia
 MSIG Insurance(Thailand)Public Company Limited
 MSIG Insurance(Malaysia)Bhd.
 MSIG Insurance(Lao)Co., Ltd.
 53 other companies
  Hamilton, Bermuda
Singapore, Singapore
Singapore, Singapore
Singapore, Singapore
Melbourne, Australia
Taipei, Taiwan
Shanghai, P.R.C.
Tianjin, P.R.C.
Hong Kong, P.R.C.
Hanoi, Vietnam
Jakarta, Indonesia
Bangkok, Thailand
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Vientiane, Laos
Nov. 21, 2011
Sept. 23, 2004
Sept. 23, 2004
Dec. 9, 1950
Aug. 1, 2008
Sept. 22, 1961
Sept. 6, 2007
Jan. 23, 2009
Sept. 8, 2004
Feb. 2, 2009
Dec. 17, 1975
Apr. 14, 1983
Apr. 28, 1979
Sept. 18, 2009
Financial Services
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
¥46 million
S$1,075 million
S$333,442 thousand
S$26,500 thousand
A$87,800 thousand
NT$2,535 million
RMB500,000 thousand
RMB625,000 thousand
HK$1,625 million
VND300,000 million
IDR100,000 million
THB142,666 thousand
MYR1,511 million
US$2,000 thousand
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 97.7
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 100.0
― 80.0
― 86.4
― 65.4 [1.4]
― 51.0
                 Notes: 1. Figures in square brackets [ ] represent the percentage of voting rights belonging to closely allied entities or entities that are in agreement with MS&AD on voting issues.
2. EQUITY-METHOD AFFILIATES
 Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
       Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited
 ReAssure Jersey One Limited
 Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited
 Max Life Insurance Company Limited
 PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG
 BPI/MS Insurance Corporation
 Hong Leong Assurance Berhad
  Eight other companies
  Minato-ku, Tokyo
Channel, Jersey
Chennai, India
Chandigarh, India
Jakarta, Indonesia
Makati, Philippines
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
July 15, 1985
July 22, 2011
Nov. 2, 2001
July 11, 2000
July 17, 1984
Oct. 1, 1965
Dec. 20, 1982
Financial Services
International
International International International International International
¥2,000 million ― 20.0
UK£529 15.0 ― thousand
  INR2,988 million INR19,188 million
IDR105,000 million
PHP350,000 thousand
MYR200,000 thousand
― 40.0 ― 25.3 ― 50.0
― 48.5
― 30.0
                    INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 103
Data Section

History of the MS&AD Insurance Group in Japan
Major events in the insurance industry
1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001
      Start of Japan’s Big Bang (financial system reform)
Development of original products
Deregulation of premium rate
Diversification of insurance products
1996 ● Revision of the Insurance 1998 ● Abolition of obligation for members to use Business Act the premium rates calculated by the Rating
・Mutual entry into non-life and life insurance Organization (Transitional Measures: 2 years) business by subsidiaries
・Reform of Insurance Rating Organization system ・Introduction of products and premium rates notification system
1997 ● Approval of risk-subdivision-type automobile insurance
2001
● Ban on OTC bank
sales of insurance partially lifted
History of the MS&AD Insurance Group
  Founded in 1918
Founded in 1893
Founded in 1918
Founded in 1897
Founded in 1897
   The Sumitomo Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
  The Dai-Tokyo Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
In 1918, this company was established as Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd., with the support of a wide range of companies from many industries centered on Mitsui & Co., Ltd.
Besides beginning direct underwriting operations in Thailand in 1934 and undertaking other moves to expand its overseas sales systems from an early stage, the company initiated fund procurement through the issuance of depositary receipts in London from 1964 and, otherwise, responded to the era of internationalization. It merged with Shin Nippon Fire in 1941 and with Mitsui Fire in 1944. In 1991, it changed its name to Mitsui Marine & Fire.
This company was established as Osaka-based Osaka Insurance, in 1893 by interests related to the copper and trading industries. Another predecessor company, Tokyo-based Fuso Marine, was established in 1917. Its management was later transferred to Sumitomo, and it was renamed Sumitomo Marine. Osaka Insurance and Sumitomo Marine merged in 1944, creating Osaka Sumitomo Marine. In 1954, the company’s head office was moved to Tokyo, and the company’s name was changed to Sumitomo Marine. In response to Japanese companies’ moves to establish overseas operations, it progressively built up an overseas sales system.
       Established in 1996
Business started in 2000
      104
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Mitsui Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
The Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
The Dowa
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Established in 1918 as Tokyo Dosan Fire, which was engaged in basic fire insurance business, this company merged with Toshin Fire, which was engaged in general fire insurance business, in 1944 to create Dai Tokyo Fire. From the early 1960s, Dai Tokyo Fire proactively worked to expand its automobile insurance business. It built one of the industry’s top claims handling systems in automobile insurance and organized a network of car repair and maintenance shops, thereby earning the epithet “Dai Tokyo of car repair and maintenance agencies”.
Established in 1897 as Otaru Cargo Fire, this company merged with Okura Fire of the Okura zaibatsu in 1944. In 1945, it merged with the former Chiyoda Fire, which was established as a sister company of Chiyoda Life, and it changed its name to Chiyoda Fire in 1946. After the war, Chiyoda Fire cooperated with Tokai Bank and built strong ties with the financial industry in the greater Nagoya region. After building ties with Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd., it developed as a company with particularly strong operations in automobile insurance.
Established in 1897 as Yokohama Fire, it merged with three companies based in the Kansai region – Kobe Marine, Kyodo Fire, and Asahi Marine – in 1944 to create Dowa Fire. After the war, it redeveloped aviation insurance and developed satellite insurance products, earning a reputation as being particularly strong in the aerospace field, and it maintained one of the industry’s top levels of financial soundness.
Nissay General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Mitsui Mirai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Marine Yu-Yu Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Dai-Tokyo Shiawase Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda Kasai Ebisu Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Note: Because the 1996 Revision of the Insurance Business Act removed the prohibition of life and non-life insurance company moves to enter the other insurance sector through subsidiaries, Mitsui Marine & Fire, Sumitomo Marine & Fire, Dai-Tokyo Fire & Marine, and Chiyoda Fire & Marine, each established a life insurance subsidiary and began engaging in life insurance business.
      
 Data Section
 2002
End of Japan’s
Financial Big Bang
First industry realignment
2010 2014 2016
Second industry realignment, Strengthening of policyholder protection/deregulation
  2007
● Implementation of Financial
Instruments and Exchange Act ● OTC bank sales of insurance
fully liberalized
2010
● Implementation
of the Insurance Act
2014
● Revision of the
Insurance Business Act
2016
● Enforcement of
the Insurance Business Act
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings (MSIGHD)
 MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Inaugurated in 2001
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Inaugurated in 2001
Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
  CEO Message
Who We Are
Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
 Established in 2008
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd., and Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd. became the subsidiaries of MSIGHD.
2010 Establishment of the MS&AD Insurance Group
Company name changed in 2010
  Inaugurated in 2001
 Inaugurated in 2010
  Inaugurated in 2001
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Inaugurated in 2001
Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Business started in 2002
Mitsui Sumitomo
CitiInsurance Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Company name changed in 2005
Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd.
Inaugurated in 2011
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Company name changed in 2011
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
          INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 105

 Group Network and History of International Business (As of July 1, 2018)
Overseas branches and offices
Overseas subsidiaries and affiliates
Branches and offices of
overseas subsidiaries and affiliates
Underwriting agents for the Head Office and others
Expansion of Non-Life Insurance Business
▶Business expansion through M&A
2004 Acquired the Asian non-life insurance business of
U.K.-based AVIVA
2005 Acquired Taiwan-based Mingtai
2015 Acquired U.K.-based Box Innovation Group
2016 Acquired U.K.-based Amlin
2017 Acquired First Capital (Singapore)
Johannesburg
▶Business initiations through capital investments in local markets
2000 Became the first Japanese non-life insurance company to establish a Lloyd’s syndicate
2000 Began Toyota Retail Business in Germany and France 2012 Established a company in Germany
2015 Invested in Ceylinco Insurance (Sri Lanka)
Mumbai Bangalore
Colombo
Developing business in major countries/regions
1924 1934
1956 1957
1958
1962 1966
1969 1970
U.K. Thailand (Office)*
グルグラム
Singapore/
U.K. U.S./ Hong Kong
チェンナイ
Malaysia Australia
Indonesia New Zealand
Germany Items not marked with * indicate the year in which a direct insurance license was acquired.
106 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Branches
Offices
Moscow
Dubai Abu Dhabi
Saipan
Tumon (Guam)
London Derby
Dublin
St.
Peter Port
St. Helier Paris
Zurich Madrid
Gibraltar
Almaty New Delhi
Gurugram
Chennai
Copenhagen Cologne
Milan
Rome
Warsaw Ismaning Bratislava
Bologna
Brussels
Saint Petersburg
Oslo
Amsterdam
Expansion of Life Insurance Business
▶Expansion and diversification of international life insurance business
Sydney Melbourne
2010 Investment in Hong Leong Assurance Berhad (Malaysia) 2011 Investment in Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad (Malaysia) 2011 Investment in PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG (Indonesia) 2012 Investment in Max Life Insurance Company Limited (India)
2017
Investment in Challenger Limited (Australia) Investment in ReAssure (U.K.)

 Europe  27%
CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
Net Written Premiums and Geographical Dispersion
 Americas 17%
  Americas 26%
  Americas 29%
billion
Europe 35% FY2018 (Forecast)
¥461.6  Asia billion 56%
¥892.7 billion
Asia 39%
Asia ¥940.0 36%
FY2015 (Results)
Europe 35% FY2017 (Results)
Los Angeles
Yangon
Hong Kong Vientiane
São Paulo Buenos Aires
Bangkok
Kuala Lumpur
Petaling Jaya Jakarta
Auckland
1974 1977
Brazil Philippines
Phnom Penh Manila Ho Chi Minh
Labuan Singapore
Honolulu
Plano Dallas
Irapuato
Mexico City
Miami
Panama City Bogota
Lima
Hanoi
Beijing
Dalian Qingdao
1978
France
Bandar Seri Begawan
1997 1999
Vietnam Taiwan
2001
2003
India
2005 2010
Cambodia Laos
2015
Myanmar/ South Africa (Office)*
Tianjin
Seoul
Wuxi Hangzhou
Shanghai Suzhou
Macau Guangzhou Taipei Shenzhen
Warren Detroit
Chicago Cincinnati
Queretaro
China (Shanghai)
Toronto
New York
Trenton
Dover Atlanta
Hamilton
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 107

 Global Network (As of July 1, 2018)
☆:Overseas Branches ★:Overseas Offices ●:Major Overseas Subsidiaries and Affiliates
△:Major Branches or Offices of Overseas Subsidiaries and Affiliates ■:Underwriting Agents for the Head Office ASIA AND OCEANIA
● Interisk Asia Pte. Ltd.
● MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
● MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd. ● MS First Capital Insurance Limited
● ADI Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Services Asia Pte. Ltd. ● InterRisk Asia(Thailand)Co., Ltd.
☆ Thailand Branch
● MSIG Insurance(Thailand)Public Company Limited
● MSI Holding(Thailand)Company Limited
● MSIG Service and Adjusting(Thailand)Company Limited ● Calm Sea Service Company Limited
● MBTS Broking Services Company Limited
★ Bangkok Representative Office
● Aioi Bangkok Insurance Public Company Limited ● Bangkok Chayoratn Company, Limited
● Bangkok Chayolife Company, Limited
● MSIG Insurance(Malaysia)Bhd.
● MSIG Berhad
● Hong Leong Assurance Berhad ● Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad
● BPI/MS Insurance Corporation ● PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia
● PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG
☆ Korea Branch
● InterRisk Consulting(Shanghai)Co., Ltd.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China)Company Limited
△ Guangdong Branch Shenzhen Marketing Service Department △ Beijing Branch
△ Jiangsu Branch Suzhou Marketing Service Department
△ Shanghai Marketing Division
★ China General Representative Office
★ Dalian Representative Office
★ Qingdao Representative Office
★ China General Representative Office
★ Guangzhou Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China)Company Limited △ Zhejiang Branch
● Guang Ai Insurance Brokers Ltd.
● MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Limited
● Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited
★ Hong Kong Representative Office
△ MSIG Insurance (Hong Kong) Limited Macau Branch
   SINGAPORE
 MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
THAILAND
MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
 MALAYSIA
MSI
 PHILIPPINES
 MSI
INDONESIA
MSI
 REPUBLIC OF KOREA
 MSI
PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
 HONG KONG
MSI
ADI
 MACAU
MSI
                   108 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message
Who We Are
Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
 TAIWAN
MSI
ADI
 VIETNAM
 MSI
INDIA
MSI
 MYANMAR
 MSI
CAMBODIA
 MSI
LAO PEOPLE’S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
 MSI
AUSTRALIA
MSI
ADI
 NEW ZEALAND
MSI
ADI
   ● MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd. ★ Taipei Representative Office
● MSIG Insurance(Vietnam)Company Limited
△ MSIG Insurance (Vietnam) Company Limited, Ho Chi Minh City Branch
● Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited ● Cholamandalam MS Risk Services Limited
★ New Delhi Representative Office
● Max Life Insurance Company Limited
★ Yangon Representative Office ● Asia Insurance(Cambodia)Plc. ● MSIG Insurance(Lao)Co., Ltd. ☆ Oceania Branch
☆ Australian Branch
★ Sydney Representative Office
★ Melbourne Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd
★ Oceania Branch New Zealand Office ☆ New Zealand Branch
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Management New Zealand Limited
★ New York Representative Office
● MSIG Holdings (Americas), Inc.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Marine Management (U.S.A.), Inc. △ New York Office
△ Warren Office
△ Los Angeles Office
△ Cincinnati Office
△ Atlanta Office
△ Chicago Office
△ Detroit Office
△ Dallas Office
● MSI Risk Management Services, Inc.
● Seven Hills Insurance Agency, LLC
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of America
△ Kentucky Office
△ Detroit Office
△ Dallas Office
● MSI GuaranteedWeather, LLC
● Vortex Insurance Agency, LLC
● Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management (New York) Inc.
★ New York Representative Office
★ Honolulu Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Services USA Corporation ● Advanced Connectivity, LLC
● Connected Analytic Services, LLC
● Toyota Insurance Management Solutions USA, LLC
● DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited
● DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited
● DTRIC Management Company, Limited
       ★ Oceania Branch Melbourne Office
    THE AMERICAS
    U.S.A.
MSI
ADI
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 109
Data Section

 GUAM (U.S.A.)
 ADI
SAIPAN (U.S.A.)
 ADI
CANADA
 MSI
BERMUDA
MS&AD Holdings
MSI
 CAYMAN
MSI
 MEXICO
 MSI
PANAMA
 MSI
BRAZIL
MSI
 COLOMBIA
 MSI
PERU
MSI
 ARGENTINA
MSI
    ■ Takagi & Associates, Inc.
■ Takagi & Associates, Inc. Saipan Branch
★ Toronto Representative Office c/o Chubb Insurance Company of Canada ■ Chubb Insurance Company of Canada
● Interisk Global Management (Bermuda) Limited
● SPAC Insurance(Bermuda)Limited
● MSI GuaranteedWeather Trading Limited ● MS Financial Reinsurance Limited
● SLI Cayman Limited
△ MSIG Holdings (Americas), Inc. Mexican Representative Office c/o Mapfre Tepeyac, S.A. ★ Panama Representative Office
● Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A.
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited-Escritório de Representação no Brasil Ltda. ★ São Paulo Representative Office
★ Bogotá Representative Office
★ Lima Representative Office
★ Buenos Aires Representative Office
EUROPE, THE MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA
★ London Representative Office
● MS Amlin plc
● MS Amlin Corporate Services Limited
● MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
● MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
● Amlin Insurance SE
● Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Compan(y Europe), Limited
△ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited Derby Office ● MSIG Corporate Services (Europe) Limited
● Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management (London) Limited
★ London Representative Office
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe plc ● Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited
● Aioi Nissay Dowa UK Limited
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Management Limited ● Toyota Insurance Management plc
● Box Innovation Group Limited
● Insure The Box Limited
△ Insure The Box Limited UK Branch
● ITB Services Limited
● ITB Web Limited
● ITB Telematics Solutions LLP
● ITB Premium Finance Limited
● MSI Insurance Management (Ireland) Limited ● MSIG Insurance Europe AG
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Region Germany
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe plc German Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management plc German Branch
● Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG
              UNITED KINGDOM
MSI
ADI
 IRELAND
 MSI
GERMANY
MSI
ADI
         110 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

  CEO Message
Who We Are
Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
 NETHERLANDS
 MSI
ADI
FRANCE
 MSI
ADI
BELGIUM
MSI
ADI
 SWITZERLAND
 MSI
SPAIN
 MSI
ADI
ITALY
MSI
ADI
 SLOVAKIA
 MSI
RUSSIA
MSI
ADI
 NORWAY
 ADI
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
MSI
 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
 MSI
KAZAKHSTAN
ADI
 DENMARK
 ADI
POLAND
ADI
 BAILIWICK OF GUERNSEY
MSI
 JERSEY
MS&AD Holdings
   △ MSIG Insurance Europe AG The Netherlands Branch
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe plc Netherlands Branch △ MSIG Insurance Europe AG France Branch
★ Paris Representative Office
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe plc French Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management plc French Branch
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Belgium Branch
△ MSIG Corporate Services (Europe) Limited Belgium Branch
★ Brussels Representative Office
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe plc Belgian Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management plc Belgian Branch
● MS Amlin AG
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Spain Branch
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe plc Spanish Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management plc Spanish Branch
△ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Italy Branch
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe plc Italian Branch △ Toyota Insurance Management plc Italian Branch
● Top Class Insurance S. r. l.
           △ MSIG Insurance Europe AG Slovakia Branch ★ Moscow Representative Office
 ★ St. Petersburg Representative Office
 ★ Moscow Representative Office
● LLC Toyota Insurance Management (Insurance Brokers) ● LLC Toyota Insurance Management (Insurance Agency)
△ Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe plc Norwegian Branch ★ Dubai Representative Office
★ Abu Dhabi Representative Office
△ Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company(Europe), Limited Johannesburg Representative Office ● Toyota Insurance Management (Insurance Broker) LLP
△ Toyota Insurance Management plc Danish Branch
△ Toyota Insurance Management plc Polish Branch
● Arena Holdings Limited
● ReAssure Jersey One Limited
         INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 111
Data Section

   Credit Ratings
Credit Ratings for Domestic Insurance Companies
This section contains information about credit ratings assigned to the following companies in the Group.
(As of July 1, 2018)
A+ (Stable)
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
AA (Stable)
ー ー ー ー ー
(As of July 1, 2018)
A+ (Stable)*1 A+ (Stable)*2
        Rating Agency
Standard & Poor’s
Moody's
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)
Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR)
A.M. Best
Rating Assigned
Financial Strength Rating
Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating
Short-Term Issuer Credit Rating
Insurance Financial Strength Rating
Long-Term Issuer Rating
Issuer Rating
Insurance Claims Paying Ability
Ability to Pay Insurance Claims
Long-Term Issuer Rating
Short-Term Rating (Commercial Paper)
Financial Strength Rating
Issuer Credit Rating
MS&AD Holdings
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
AA (Stable)
ー
ー
ー
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
A+ (Stable)
A+ (Stable)
A-1
A1 (Stable)
A1 (Stable)
AA (Stable)
ー
ー
AA+ (Stable)
J-1+
A+ (Stable)
aa (Stable)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
A+ (Stable)
A+ (Stable)
A-1
A1 (Stable)
ー
AA (Stable)
ー
AA+ (Stable)
AA+ (Stable)
J-1+
A+ (Stable)
aa (Stable)
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
A+ (Stable)
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
AA (Stable)
ー
ー
ー
ー
ー
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
                       Credit Ratings for Overseas Insurance Companies
The table below indicates information about credit ratings of overseas subsidiaries.
Financial Strength Rating Financial Strength Rating
   Moody’s
A.M. Best
Rating Agency
Standard & Poor's
Syndicate 2001 MS Amlin AG
Overseas Subsidiaries
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co(. Europe), Ltd. MSIG Insurance(Hong Kong)Ltd.
MSIG Insurance(Singapore)Pte. Ltd.
MSIG Insurance Europe AG
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA, Inc.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance(China)Co., Ltd. MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd.
MS Amlin AG
Amlin Insurance SE
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA, Inc.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of America
Syndicate 2001
MS Amlin AG
DTRIC Insurance Company Ltd. DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance(China)Co., Ltd.
Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating A+ (Stable)
Financial Strength Rating A (Stable)
Insurance Financial Strength Rating A1 (Stable)
Financial Strength Rating A+ (Stable) Issuer Credit Rating aa (Stable)
Financial Strength Rating A (Stable) Issuer Credit Rating a+ (Stable)
Financial Strength Rating A (Stable) Issuer Credit Rating a+ (Stable)
Financial Strength Rating A (Stable) Issuer Credit Rating a (Stable)
Financial Strength Rating A- (Stable) Issuer Credit Rating a- (Stable)
              *1 Applicable to the same ratings of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance with the guarantee on insurance/reinsurance policies, issued by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (the issuer of the guarantee, the “Guarantor”). The obligations of the Guarantor under the guarantee rank pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor. The guarantee is unconditional and covers the subsidiaries' obligations of payment and not collection.
*2 Applicable to the same rating of Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance with the guarantee on insurance/reinsurance policies, issued by Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (the issuer of the guarantee, the "Guarantor"). The obligations of the Guarantor under the guarantee rank pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor. The guarantee is unconditional and covers the subsidiaries' obligations of payment and not collection.
112 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Data Section
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd. (MSI)
Responsible for the non-life insurance business, which is a core business of the MS&AD Insurance Group, MSI is exercising its comprehensive capabilities to offer insurance and financial services globally.
  Company Overview
President: Noriyuki Hara (concurrently serving as representative director and executive officer of MS&AD Holdings)
Date Established: October 1918 
Number of Employees: 14,572 (As of March 31, 2018)
Head Office: 9, Kanda-Surugadai 3-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo  URL https://www.ms-ins.com/english/
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Net premiums written
Growth rate of net premiums written
Net loss ratio
Net expense ratio
Combined ratio
Underwriting income/(loss)
Investment income
Ordinary profit
Net income
Net assets
Total assets
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated) Number of employees
(¥ billion)
1,501.0 0.0% 61.2% 32.0% 93.2% 77.0 118.5 188.0 141.0 - - - - -
       Item
FY2013
1,384.5
5.3%
65.1%
32.0%
97.1%
(7.3)
125.1
101.9
58.0
1,309.6
6,098.0
1,165.9
600.3%
14,188
FY2014
1,445.8
4.4%
62.2%
31.8%
94.0%
14.0
158.3
171.3
89.1
1,732.7
6,790.0
1,633.7
651.5%
14,859
FY2015
1,507.4
4.3%
58.9%
31.0%
89.9%
19.1
152.8
167.8
113.9
1,527.4
6,786.5
1,251.1
585.9%
14,691
FY2016
1,469.6
(2.5%)
61.2%
31.2%
92.4%
81.7
139.4
215.5
164.5
1,645.0
6,777.0
1,294.0
657.9%
14,650
FY2017
1,500.3
2.1%
61.6%
31.3%
92.9%
84.4
182.5
262.5
198.2
1,877.0
7,098.2
1,419.7
701.1%
14,572
FY2018 (Forecast)
                      Notes: 1. Net premiums written, net loss ratio, net expense ratio, and combined ratio figures are presented exclusive of Good Result Return premiums of propriety automobile insurance product “ModoRich,” which contains a special clause related to premium adjustment and refund at maturity.
2. Netlossratio=(netclaimspaid+lossadjustmentexpenses)÷netpremiumswritten×100
3. Netexpenseratio=(commissionsandcollectionexpenses+operatingexpensesandgeneralandadministrativeexpensesforunderwriting)÷netpremiumswritten×100 4. Combinedratio=netlossratio+netexpenseratio
5. Netunrealizedgains/(losses)oninvestmentsinsecurities(beforetaxeffects)representsthedifferencebeforetaxeffectsbetweenthefairvalueandtheacquisitioncost
(including the amortized cost) of available for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts, and others which are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
 Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2017)
(¥ billion)
1,550
1,507.4 1,500
1,469.6
2016
1,500.3 1,501.0
Other ¥251.8 billion
16.8%
Fire and Allied ¥196.7 billion
13.1%
Marine ¥60.4 billion
4.0%
Personal Accident ¥147.6 billion
9.8%
188.0 141.0
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
           1,450
1,400
1,350
1,300
Combined Ratio
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥184.5 billion
Total ¥1,500.3 billion
  12.3%
   (%) 110.0
100.0
89.9 90.0
2015
2017
92.9
2017
2018 (Forecast)
93.2
(FY)
Automobile ¥659.2 billion
43.9%
 Combined Ratio
92.4
2016
(¥ billion)
  300
  250
  200
  150
  100
50 0
Ordinary Profit Net Income
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
        167.8 113.9
215.5 164.5
2016
262.5 198.2
2017
       80.0
2015
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
2015
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 113
 
 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. (ADI)
Responsible for the non-life insurance business, which is a core business of the MS&AD Insurance Group, ADI leverages its strong relationships with the Toyota Group and the Nippon Life Group and engages in business based on close relationships with local communities.
  Company Overview
President: Yasuzo Kanasugi (concurrently serving as representative director and executive officer of MS&AD Holdings)
Date Established: June 1918 
Number of Employees: 13,287 (As of March 31, 2018)
Head Office: 28-1, Ebisu 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.aioinissaydowa.co.jp (Japanese language only)
 Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
         Item
      Net premiums written 1,225.0
Growth rate of net premiums written 0.2%
Net loss ratio 62.4%
Net expense ratio 34.9%
Combined ratio 97.3%
Underwriting income/(loss) 31.0
Investment income 33.5
Ordinary profit 67.0
Net income 36.0
Net assets -
Total assets -
1,144.6
 3.8%
 65.0%
 34.5%
 99.5%
 (28.8)
 53.0
 27.8
 13.1
 600.1
 Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
-
3,257.1
 317.6
 Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated) -
Number of employees -
Notes: 1. Net loss ratio= (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
2. Netexpensesratio=(commissionsandcollectionexpenses+operatingexpensesandgeneralandadministrativeexpensesforunderwriting)÷netpremiumswritten×100 3. Combinedratio=netlossratio+netexpenseratio
4. Netunrealizedgains/(losses)oninvestmentsinsecurities(beforetaxeffects)representsthedifferencebeforetaxeffectsbetweenthefairvalueandtheacquisitioncost
(including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts, and others which are accounted for as investment in securities.
754.0%
 12,812
1,160.8
1.4%
63.2%
35.0%
98.2%
14.7
51.5
68.9
39.4
796.9
3,470.7
555.8
804.9%
12,973
1,192.0
2.7%
59.2%
34.3%
93.5%
24.8
34.9
61.7
31.0
745.1
3,418.5
473.7
829.3%
13,260
1,200.5
0.7%
59.1%
33.5%
92.6%
39.5
32.2
75.1
50.3
793.0
3,498.2
505.3
851.6%
13,052
FY2017
1,222.0
1.8%
59.2%
33.4%
92.6%
4.8
(1.9)
3,486.6
5.6
15.6
781.0
578.7
784.0%
13,287
FY2018 (Forecast)
 Principal Management Indicators
Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2017)
 (¥ billion) 1,250
1,200 1,150 1,100
1,192.0
2015
1,222.0 1,200.5
2016 2017
1,225.0
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
Other ¥127.6 billion
10.4%
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥167.0 billion
13.7%
Automobile ¥684.0 billion
56.0%
Total ¥1,222.0 billion
Fire and Allied ¥174.4 billion
14.3%
Marine ¥7.4 billion
0.6%
Personal Accident ¥61.3 billion
5.0%
67.0
36.0
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
               Combined Ratio
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
(%) 110.0
100.0
93.5 90.0
80.0
Combined Ratio
(¥ billion)
80
70
Ordinary Profit Net Income 75.1
     60 97.3 50
40 30 20 10
2018 (FY) 0 (Forecast)
61.7
31.0
2015
50.3
     92.6 92.6
       114
2016 2017 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
2016
15.6 5.6
2017
2015
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
 
 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Data Section
 Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd. (Mitsui Direct General)
Mitsui Direct General is a non-life insurance company that specializes in directly selling individual voluntary automobile insurance to customers via the Internet and phone calls.
  Company Overview
President: Ryuhei Funaki
Date Established: June 1999 
Number of Employees: 571 (As of March 31, 2018) Head Office: 5-3, Kouraku 1-chome, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 
URL https://www.mitsui-direct.co.jp (Japanese language only)
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
       Item
FY2013
35.5
0.8%
76.3%
20.7%
97.0%
0.14
0.29
0.23
11.2
46.5
420.8%
528
FY2014
35.0
(1.4%)
78.9%
22.8%
101.7%
(4.35)
(4.23)
(4.33)
255.9%
6.8
46.4
572
FY2015
36.5
4.3%
79.0%
21.9%
100.9%
(5.45)
(5.37)
(5.42)
230.4%
6.4
51.0
563
FY2016
37.6
3.0%
75.9%
22.0%
97.9%
(1.00)
(0.95)
(1.00)
13.3
59.9
431.4%
581
FY2017
37.8
0.6%
73.0%
23.3%
96.3%
0.38
0.45
0.32
13.6
61.4
457.5%
571
FY2018 (Forecast)
        Net premiums written 38.0 Growth rate of net premiums written 0.4% Net loss ratio 73.7% Net expense ratio 23.7% Combined ratio 97.4% Underwriting income/(loss) 0.4 Ordinary profit/(loss) 0.44 Net income/(loss) - Net assets - Total assets - Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated) - Number of employees -
Notes: 1. Net loss ratio= (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
2. Net expenses ratio= (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷ net premiums written × 100 3. Combined ratio= net loss ratio + net expenses ratio
            Principal Management Indicators
Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2017)
 (¥ billion) 40.0
39.0 38.0 37.0 36.0 35.0 34.0
37.6
2016
37.8
38.0
Personal Accident ¥0.10 billion
0.3%
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥0.50 billion
         36.5
2015
Total ¥37.87 billion
Automobile ¥37.26 billion
98.4%
  1.3%
  2017 2018 (Forecast)
96.3
2017 2018 (Forecast)
(FY)
 Combined Ratio
Ordinary Profit (Loss) / Net Income (Loss) (per our share)
(%) 110.0
100.0
90.0
80.0
Combined Ratio
(¥ billion)
1
0
-3
-4
-5
-6
Ordinary Profit (Loss)
-0.9 -0.9 -4.3
Net Income (Loss)
0.4 0.2
2017
   100.9
2015
97.9
2016
(FY)
-5.3
2015 2016
0.4 0.2
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
          INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 115
 
 Domestic Life Insurance Business
 Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (MSI Aioi Life)
MSI Aioi Life is a life insurance company that offers protection-type life insurance products, while leveraging the Group’s marketing network and customer base. The company is realizing a growth model that involves a combination of strategies to utilize unique marketing channels.
  Company Overview
President: Hitoshige Tanbo
Date Established: August 1996
Number of Employees: 2,609 (As of March 31, 2018) Head Office: 27-2, Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 
URL http://www.msa-life.co.jp
(Japanese language only)
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
         Item
FY2013
      Amount of new policies 2,250.6
Amount of policies in force 23,884.5
Annualized premiums of policies in force 428.7
Ordinary profit 16.0
Core profit -
 Risk differential gains/(losses) -
 Expenses differential gains/(losses) -
 Investment income differential gains/(losses) -
Net income 5.0
Net assets -
Total assets -
2,672.2
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018 (Forecast)
          Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
-
  Embedded value (EEV) 865.0
 Solvency margin ratio
Number of employees
1. Amount of new policies, amount of policies in force, and annualized premiums of policies in force are the total of individual insurance and individual annuity insurance.
2. Core profit is an insurance business profitability indicator that is calculated by deducting capital gains/(losses) and non-recurring income and losses from ordinary profit. 3. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the acquisition cost
- -
  (including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts, and others which are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
Annualized Premiums of Policies in Force
Weight by Type of Sales Channel (FY2017)
 (¥ billion)
450 400
375.7 350
300
2015
Increase in Embedded Value (EEV)
(Refer to the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” on P. 92)
  412.3 401.0
2016 2017
428.7
2018 (Forecast)
Life Insurance Professionals, Financial Institution Agents, etc.
29.9%
Direct Marketing, etc.
7.4%
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
Cross-Selling Channels (non-life insurance agents)
62.7%
16.0
5.0
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
    (FY)
 (¥ billion) 200
150
100
50
0
-50
-100
198.4
2016
(¥ billion)
20 15 10
5 0
Ordinary Profit 18.6
Net Income
16.9
2017
         41.3
2017
29.4
16.1
4.5
2016
     -52.0 2015
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
6.0
2015
  116
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
21,105.0
333.5
17.4
15.3
45.6
(18.3)
2,636.0
1.1
6.6
131.9
89.1
588.1
1,264.9%
2,421
2,481.1
21,894.0
353.4
15.9
16.1
50.3
(22.7)
3,009.2
1.3
4.4
169.1
132.6
647.8
1,429.9%
2,544
2,423.3
22,576.0
375.7
18.6
19.4
51.5
(16.3)
3,229.0
2.0
6.0
199.7
165.2
595.8
1,598.4%
2,554
2,377.1
23,214.2
401.0
16.1
18.6
55.8
(14.6)
(0.2)
4.5
276.2
3,619.1
126.3
794.2
1,893.2%
2,595
2,639.5
23,806.8
412.3
16.9
12.8
59.9
(15.3)
(2.2)
5.2
264.5
3,869.7
107.5
835.5
1,726.7%
2,609
  5.2
 
 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Data Section
 Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (MSI Primary Life)
Specializing in over-the-counter sales via financial institutions,
MSI Primary Life is a life insurance company that offers asset-building-type products centered on individual annuity insurance and whole life insurance.
  Company Overview
President: Yasuhiro Nagai
Date Established: September 2001 
Number of Employees: 394 (As of March 31, 2018) Head Office: Yaesu First Financial Building,
3-7, Yaesu 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
URL http://www.ms-primary.com
(Japanese language only)
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
(¥ billion)
       Item
FY2013
826.4
800.5
4,024.3
1,004.6%
39.8
58.3
57.6
17.9
89.2
4,163.6
1.0
234.8
344
FY2014
1,054.0
1,024.7
4,421.0
17.7
(33.4)
24.4
12.4
109.8
4,662.0
15.4
310.2
879.7%
363
FY2015
1,299.4
1,262.6
4,910.8
39.9
14.3
41.9
17.8
125.0
5,191.2
14.6
333.8
985.5%
381
FY2016
1,071.1
1,032.2
5,680.7
1,030.5%
57.6
52.7
58.9
20.7
137.7
5,838.0
10.4
375.3
384
FY2017
1,015.6
1,015.6
6,061.8
28.9
8.8
30.0
29.2
164.0
6,201.7
11.3
416.2
992.9%
394
FY2018 (Forecast)
        Premiums income 1,000.0
Amount of new policies 1,013.6
Amount of policies in force 6,570.0
Ordinary profit 27.4
Core profit / (loss) -
Core profit + Capital gains -
Net income 17.0
Net assets -
Total assets -
Notes: 1. The amount of new policies and amount of policies in force are the totals of individual insurance and individual annuity insurance.
2. Coreprofitisaninsurancebusinessprofitabilityindicatorthatiscalculatedbydeductingcapitalgains/(losses)andnon-recurringincomeandlossesfromordinaryprofit.Inthis
business, the sum of core profit and capital gains (losses) provides a more appropriate indicator of actual profit for the period. As for MSI Primary Life, the sum of core profit and capital gains(losses) provides a more appropriate indicator of actual profit for the period instead of core profit(loss). Meanwhile, the method for disclosing the breakdown of ordinary profit was revised effective from FY2017. As a result of retroactive adjustments to FY2016 data, core profit (fundamental profit) for FY2016 has been revised.
3. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represent the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts, and others which are accounted for as investment in securities.
        Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
 - Embedded value (EEV) - Solvency margin ratio - Number of employees -
    Principal Management Indicators
 Premiums Income
Fixed Variable
1,299.4
1,200 1,071.1
1,000
800
600
400
200
0
Weight by Type of Sales Channel (FY2017)
Japan Post Bank, Securities Firms, etc.
16%
Mega Banks, Trust Banks, etc.
31%
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
(¥ billion) 1,400
   1,015.6
2017
1,000.0
2018 (Forecast)
Regional Banks, Banks
           2015 2016
(FY)
53%
 Amount of Policies in Force
(¥ billion) 7,000
6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
Fixed
4,910.8
2015
Variable
5,680.7
2016
6,061.8 6,570.0
(¥ billion)
  60
  50
  40
  30
  20
  10
0
Ordinary Profit 57.6
Net Income
                       2017
2018 (Forecast)
(FY)
39.9
17.8
2015
20.7
2016
28.9 29.2
2017
27.4 17.0
2018 (FY) (Forecast)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 117
 Shinkin

 International Business
 MS Amlin plc
MS Amlin is an insurance holding company that comprises three core
businesses̶Lloyd’s, Reinsurance and European Primary Insurance. The company is a leading insurer that provides both insurance and reinsurance services around the world.
  Company Overview
Chief Executive: Simon Beale (concurrently serving as Executive Officer of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance) Date Established: September 17, 1993
Number of Employees: 2,035 (As of March 31, 2018) Head Office: The Leadenhall Building,
122 Leadenhall Street, London EC3V 4AG, U.K. URL https://www.msamlin.com
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Net premiums written
Growth rate of
net premiums written
EI claims ratio
EI expense ratio
Combined ratio
Underwriting income/ (loss)
Investment income
Net income
(£ million)
3,022 2.3% -
- -
-
-
124
Principal Indicators
Net Premiums Written and Combined Ratio
      Item
    (£ million) 3,500
3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
2,392
89% 2015
3,093 439
2,654
96%※ 2016
2,955
2017
3,022
2018 (Forecast)
(%) 150
140
130
120
110
100
90 80
Net Premiums Written Combined Ratio(%) NPW of former MSI Lloyd's & Reinsurance business
        133%
          *1 Figures for FY2016 include figures for MSI’s Lloyd’s and Reinsurance businesses that were consolidated into MS Amlin at the end of FY2016.
*2 EI expense ratio and EI combined ratio are calculated by taking into account foreign exchange gains/losses (included in underwriting profit) in accordance with calculation in UK.
*3 MS Amlin adopts the accounting method where securities market value fluctuations are reflected in the profit-loss statement.
Personal Accident 2% Property Catastrophe
FY2017 23% Gross Premiums Marine & Aviation Written for Insurance
18%
(FY)
   Gross Premiums Written by Class
*After consolidation of MSI’s Lloyd’s and Reinsurance businesses into MS Amlin
Gross Premiums Written by Geography*
FY2017 Gross Premiums Written for
£3,407.1 million
28%
Specialty
Others
UK
 8%
Reinsurance
20%
22%
  Casualty and Other
19%
£3,407.1 18% million Property Insurance
Motor Insurance
Europe
North America
30%
12%
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018 (Forecast)
  118 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
3,093
64%
32%
96%
107
117
-
83
2,955
(4.5%)
97%
36%
133%
(965)
195
(759)
 Integration of MSI Lloyd's
business and Reinsurance business 2016
Acquisition by MS&AD MS Amlin plc.
2016
Formation of Office in Hong Kong
  Origin and History
2015
Acquisition of ReatsMarine
2013
Acquisition of J R Clare and Lead Yacht Underwriters 2011
Acquisition of Fortis Corporate Insurance and Crowe Livestock
2016 2015
     2014 2013
2014
Formation of Offices in Miami, Dubai, and Shanghai
    2012 2011
2012
 Formation of Amlin Reinsurance Managers Inc. in the USA
   2010 2009
2010
  2009
Formation of Amlin Singapore 2007
Merger of Angerstein’s and
2008 2007
2005 1998
1903
Acquisition of AUA Insolvency Risk Services Formation of Amlin Re Europe in Switzerland
2008
Acquisition of Anglo French Underwriters
2005
Formation of Amlin Bermuda
       Murray Lawrence
1998
Amlin plc.
  1903
Foundation of Lloyd’s syndicates, the K J Coles Syndicate 40
  
 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
International Business
Data Section
 MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte., Ltd.
As an overseas regional holding company, this company supervises our non-life insurance business in the ASEAN, Hong Kong and Oceania regions. As the only non-life insurance group with direct business in all ASEAN countries, we are making use of our solid business base to create further growth and expand locally rooted businesses.
  Company Overview
CEO:Alan Wilson (concurrently serving as Executive Officer of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance)
Date Established: September 23, 2004 
Number of Employees*: 4,815 (As of March 31, 2018)
*Total number of employees in local subsidiaries under the supervision of MSIG Holdings (Asia),
the Thai branch, the Oceania branch and the Yangon office of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Head Office: 4 Shenton Way, #27-01 SGX Centre 2, Singapore 068807  URL https://www.msig-asia.com
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)*
Net premiums written
Growth rate of net premiums written Net income
Principal Management Indicators*
Net Premiums Written and Net income
       Item
FY2013
111.0
30.0%
14.8
FY2014
116.9
5.3%
17.9
FY2015
121.7
4.1%
13.8
FY2016
109.3
(10.2%)
14.1
FY2017
113.1
3.5%
6.2
FY2018 (Forecast)
            (¥ billion)
160 120 80
Net Premiums Written (left axis)
Net Income (right axis) (¥ billion)
20
130.3
13.5 15
10
(¥ billion)
130.3 15.1% 13.5
Gross Written Premiums by Product Line (FY2017)
FY2017
  Others
Automobile
 121.7 13.8
109.3 14.1
113.1
29.2%
28.2%
        40 5
9.4%
Property
Marine
 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) (Forecast)
6.2
* Total premiums written for local subsidiaries under the supervision of MSIG Holdings (Asia) and other branches and offices of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance in the region. Data includes the Oceania Branch which came under supervision of MSIG Holdings (Asia) from FY2016.
2018 forecast includes the figures of MS First Capital.
33.2%
 00
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 119
 
 Short Commentary: Group Financial Statements
Commentary 1: Balance Sheet (B/S)
On its consolidated balance sheet (P. 134), the Group has total assets of ¥22.4 trillion, and the majority of its liabilities, ¥16.9 trillion, are policy liabilities̶that is, reserves for paying future insurance claims. On the other hand, the largest asset item is investments in securities, which have a total market value of ¥16.1 trillion. Unrealized gains on securities in excess of the book value (¥1.4 trillion) are recorded under deferred tax liabilities and accumulated other comprehensive income (net unrealized gains/losses on investments in securities). This means that policy liabilities, which account for the majority of the Group’s balance sheet liabilities, are invested in securities. In addition, net unrealized gains on investment in securities (after tax-effect accounting) accounted for about half of net assets as of the end of FY2017.
     (Main) assets
  Cash, deposits and savings Money trusts
Investments in securities (of which: stocks)
Loans
Tangible fixed assets Intangible fixed assets Other assets
Commentary 2: Statements of Income (P/L)
(¥ billion)
558.1 1,328.6 221.6 19,504.5
1,500.7 2,968.3
             Total assets
   1Main components of the statements of income
A summary of the Group’s consolidated statements of income (see P. 136) is provided below. It consists primarily of underwriting income and expenses and investment income and expenses.
  FY2017
FY2016
Income (+): underwriting income, ¥4,648.1 billion; investment income, ¥550.8 billion; other ordinary income, ¥18.8 billion Expenses (-): underwriting expenses, ¥4,157.7 billion (of which ¥558.5 billion is provision for underwriting reserves) Investment expenses, ¥163.1 billion; operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, ¥669.6 billion; other ordinary expenses, ¥15.6 billion Ordinary profit: ¥211.5 billion
Income (+): underwriting income, ¥4,810.8 billion; investment income, ¥507.2 billion; other ordinary income, ¥17.0 billion Expenses (-): underwriting expenses, ¥4,256.3 billion (of which ¥908.1 billion is provision for underwriting reserves) Investment expenses, ¥55.0 billion; operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, ¥653.5 billion; other ordinary expenses, ¥17.5 billion Ordinary profit: ¥352.6 billion
   2Underwriting profit for domestic non-life insurance companies and catastrophe reserves
Underwriting profit can be dramatically affected by events such as natural catastrophes. Non-life insurance companies are legally required to build up catastrophe reserves to mitigate that impact. When companies have to pay extremely large insurance claims, they can reverse the catastrophe reserves, which mitigates the impact to a certain degree. The following table indicates past underwriting profit, incurred losses related to natural catastrophes, and changes in catastrophe reserves (net provision). (See P. 92 of the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” section for details on the catastrophe reserves and P. 96 for the underwriting profit.)
Impact of natural catastrophes on underwriting profit
(¥ billion)
89.3 (159.0) 114.3
- - -
41.3
73.0 44.6
         Underwriting profit/(loss)
Impact on underwriting profit -(A+B)
FY2010
(83.7)
(65.9)
FY2011
(190.0)
(172.0)
1,481.6
1,043.5
16,152.9
2,906.7
892.5
459.6
549.5
1,297.8
22,472.9
FY2012
(Main) liabilities
 (3.0)
(13.2)
Policy liabilities
Bonds issued
FY2013
(36.1)
(93.3)
FY2014
28.7
(58.5)
FY2015
43.9
FY2016
121.3
16,964.5
 Other liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Total liabilities
(Main) Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
 Net unrealized gains/losses on investments in securities
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
1,487.2
22,472.9
FY2017
     311.5
55.1
96.3
27.2
(149.7)
68.1
(132.9)
 Incurred losses due to natural catastrophes (A)
65.9
51.0
  Great East Japan Earthquake
62.7
(7.7)
1.3
-
-
-
-
  2011 Thailand floods
 2014 massive snowfalls
 -
 -
  3.2
264.3
54.9
0.6
53.2
(23.0)
37.1
(5.1)
 -
30.1
 -
67.7
-
 -
-
  Large-scale natural catastrophes incl. 2017 hurricanes in North America
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
82.1
 -
2.2
0.3
-
 Other natural catastrophes
 Net provision for catastrophe reserves (B)
0
(139.5)
(41.9)
(3.0)
31.3
81.6
51.0
 81.8
  * Simple sum of MSI and ADI
Example: The impact of loss of ¥311.5 billion from natural catastrophes for FY2011 was mitigated by reversal of catastrophe reserves of ¥139.5 billion and resulted in an underwriting loss of ¥190.0 billion.
120 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

   Performance Record
Five-Year Summary (Unaudited) 122 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 123
    Premiums Written and Net Claims Paid̶ Non-Life Insurance (Unaudited)
Policies in Force and New Policies̶ Domestic Life Insurance (Unaudited)
130
132
  Investment Assets and Investments in Securities (Unaudited) 133 Consolidated Balance Sheets 134 Consolidated Statements of Income 136 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 137 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 138 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 141 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 142 Independent Auditor’s Report 165
166
    Summary of Business Results of Main Consolidated Subsidiaries
  
Five-Year Summary (Unaudited)
 Yen in millions
FY2015
¥ 5,013,038 3,078,732 291,578
181,516 (233,116)
2,725,274 20,303,649
Yen
¥ 298.72
– 4,469.58
13.29% 6.36% 10.50
Yen in millions
¥1,291,017 (1,217,980)
199,075 1,056,407
40,617
US$ in millions
  FY2017
 ¥ 5,217,835
3,440,976
211,548
154,057
311,096
2,968,387
22,472,927
  FY2017
 $ 49,225
32,462
1,996
1,453
2,935
28,004
212,009
    Ordinary income:
Net premiums written
Ordinary profit/(loss)
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Comprehensive income/(loss) Net assets
Total assets
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share - Basic
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share - Diluted
Net assets per share
Equity ratio
Return on equity Price earnings ratio
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
Number of employees
FY2013
¥ 4,362,754 2,811,611 190,259
93,451 322,865 2,285,832 16,878,148
FY2014
¥ 4,689,658 2,939,113 287,061
136,247
807,972 3,036,663 18,788,046
FY2016
¥ 5,335,239 3,407,389 352,612
210,447
114,294 2,734,432 21,234,300
¥ 350.94
350.90 4,572.82
12.76% 7.78% 10.09
¥1,086,948 (614,899) (100,198)
1,415,903 40,641
 US$
  ¥ 260.04
259.98
4,964.64
13.09%
5.45%
12.90
  $ 2.45
2.45
46.84
–
–
–
 ¥ 150.58 ¥ 221.34 – –
3,646.22
13.39% 4.42% 15.70
¥489,950 (549,136) (57,323)
625,084
37,055
4,911.40
16.00% 5.18% 15.23
¥628,184 (410,671) (58,941)
805,455 38,358
US$ in millions
   ¥ 822,640
(963,105)
42,329
1,323,506
41,295
  $ 7,761
(9,086)
399
12,486
–
  Note: U.S. dollar amounts in this report have been translated from yen, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥106=US$1. For details, see Note 1 of Significant Accounting Policies (p142).
122 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Data Section
 1. OVERVIEW
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) provides information on the nature of the businesses conducted by MS&AD Holdings and its affiliates (187 subsidiaries and 38 associates as of March 31, 2018), and the positioning of the principal affiliates within these businesses.
MS&AD is a specified listed company pursuant to the provisions stipulated in the Japanese Cabinet Order 49-2 and is regulated under this Order with respect to securities transactions and other matters. As a result, investors should make decisions based on the Group’s consolidated financial statements as provided for under the minimal standards criteria of material facts set forth in restrictions on insider trading.
Description of Businesses
1) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
MS&AD’s domestic non-life insurance business is operated by the following three subsidiaries and others in Japan:
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Company, Limited (“Mitsui Direct General”)
2) Domestic Life Insurance Business
MS&AD’s domestic life insurance business is operated by the following two subsidiaries and others in Japan:
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSA Life”) Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSP Life”)
3) International Business
MS&AD’s international business is operated by international divisions of domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries in Japan, and overseas subsidiaries, including MS Amlin plc, and overseas branches of domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries in overseas countries.
4) Financial Services Business / Risk-Related Services Business
a) Financial Services Business
MS&AD’s financial services business, including asset management, financial guarantees, 401k, ART (alternative risk transfer), personal finance, and venture capital finance, is operated by domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries, Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Venture Capital Company, Limited, and others.
b) Risk-Related Services Business
MS&AD’s risk-related services business, including risk management and nursing care business, is operated by InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc., Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Care Network Company, Limited, and others.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
MS&AD Holdings’ consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (Japan GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires MS&AD Holdings’ management to select and apply accounting policies as well as to make a number of estimates regarding the impact on disclosure of assets and liabilities as well as revenues and expenses. The management bases their estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that they consider reasonable. Nevertheless, these estimates contain inherent uncertainties and thus could differ from actual results.
Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of MS&AD Holdings’ consolidated financial statements are presented in “SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES” of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”
The management recognizes the following significant accounting policies and estimates could have significant impacts on the consolidated financial statements.
1) Method for Determination of Fair Value
Certain assets and liabilities are recorded on the Company’s balance sheet at their fair values. These fair values are determined based on market prices. For certain derivatives for which market prices are not available, reasonable estimates of fair value are made based on the present value of future cash flows, the price of the underlying assets, the contract period, and other factors.
2) Impairment of Securities
Since securities held by the Group companies are subject to the risk of price fluctuations in securities markets, MS&AD applies impairment accounting for securities based on reasonable criteria. If securities markets decline, an impairment loss could be incurred.
3) Impairment of Fixed Assets
When the profitability of fixed assets declines and investments in these assets are unlikely to be recovered, MS&AD recognizes impairment losses to reflect recoverable amounts under certain circumstances.
The recoverable amount for an asset or asset group is the higher of the net sales value (the value computed by deducting expected disposal expenses from the fair value of an asset or asset group) and the value in use (the present value of expected future cash flows resulting from the continual usage and subsequent disposal of an asset or asset group).
Accordingly, the amount of the impairment loss for fixed assets depends on estimated future cash flows based on the assumption and forecasts that MS&AD considers reasonable. Consequently, an additional impairment loss could be incurred in the event of a change in the usage of fixed assets or in the event of changes in real estate or leasing market prices.
4) Deferred Tax Assets
In determining recoverable deferred tax assets, future taxable income is estimated based on the assumptions and forecasts that MS&AD considers reasonable. Since the recoverable amount of deferred tax assets depends on estimates of future taxable income, the amount of deferred tax assets could fluctuate in the event of a subsequent change in estimates of future taxable income.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 123
 
5) Allowance for Credit Losses
In preparation for losses on bad debts, MS&AD records estimated amounts deemed to be unrecoverable as an allowance for credit losses. Unrecoverable amounts and recorded allowances for credit losses could change from their initial estimates due to changes in the financial condition of debtors.
6) Outstanding Claims
MS&AD estimates and sets aside reserves as outstanding claims for any unpaid amounts of its payment obligations as determined or recognized by insurance contracts. Claim payments and recorded outstanding claims could change from their initial estimates due to such factors as the results of legal judgments and exchange rate fluctuations.
7) Underwriting Reserves
To meet future obligations in accordance with insurance contracts, MS&AD sets aside underwriting reserves. It could, therefore, become necessary to increase underwriting reserves in the event of unforeseen losses due to significant changes in the business environment, operating conditions and other factors.
8) Retirement Benefit Expenses and Retirement Benefit Obligations
Retirement benefit expenses and retirement benefit obligations are calculated based on certain assumptions that include discount rates, future retirement rates, and mortality rates. However, future retirement benefit expenses and obligations could change in the event that actual results differ from the assumptions used, or in the event that it becomes necessary to change the assumptions.
3. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS RESULTS
In spite of concerns about the impact of unstable political situations and financial markets, the global economy was generally firm in the fiscal year under review with economic recoveries continuing in the U.S. and Europe. Against such a global economy, the Japanese economy also recovered moderately, reflecting continued improvement in corporate earnings, employment and income conditions among other factors.
In the non-life insurance industry, despite an increase in premium revenue reflecting these economic trends, the results were severely affected by natural disasters such as typhoons in Japan and hurricanes in North America. In the life insurance industry, the amount of policies in force remained at the same level as in the previous year, despite a decline in the amount of new policies for personal insurance due to the impact of the revision of the premium rate.
In such a business environment, during the last year of the medium- term management plan "Next Challenge 2017" that began in FY2014, the Group pursued "Completion of reorganization by function," "Strengthening of Group governance and promotion of ERM (Enterprise Risk Management)," "Transformation of business structure to respond to future changes in the environment" and "Permeation of a corporate culture and development of human assets that meet challenges as professionals" based on the Group’s basic strategy to enhance the corporate value of the Group as a whole by focusing on ensuring sustainable growth, improving profitability, securing financial soundness and enhancing capital efficiency.
In regard to reorganization by function, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. and Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd. pursued initiatives to promote growth and efficiency in the Group as a whole, such as the joint development of non-life claims service systems, transfer of long-term policies in force of the third sector, and consolidation and reorganization of the head office functions.
As a result of these efforts, earnings for the current consolidated fiscal year to date are as follows.
Underwriting income was ¥4,648.1 billion, investment income was ¥550.8 billion and other ordinary income was ¥18.8 billion, resulting in total ordinary income of ¥5,217.8 billion. At the same time, ordinary expenses amounted to ¥5,006.2 billion, including ¥4,157.7 billion in underwriting expenses, ¥163.1 billion in investment expenses, ¥669.6 billion in operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, and other ordinary expenses amounting to ¥15.6 billion.
As a result, affected by incurred losses (total of net claims paid and provision for outstanding claims reserves) from several natural catastrophes in Japan and overseas, the Company posted an ordinary profit of ¥211.5 billion, a decrease of ¥141.0 billion over the previous fiscal year. After factoring in extraordinary income and losses, income taxes and other items, net income attributable to owners of the parent fell by ¥56.3 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥154.0 billion.
[Key Consolidated Financial Indicators]
   FY2017
 ¥3,440,976
 1,058,278
 211,548
 154,057
    Net premiums written
Life insurance premiums
Ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
FY2016
¥3,407,389
1,253,167
352,612
210,447
Change
33,586
(194,888)
(141,063)
(56,389)
(Yen in millions)
Change (%)
1.0
(15.6)
(40.0)
(26.8)
        124 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Net premiums written increased by ¥33.5 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥3,440.9 billion. Despite a decrease in revenues from overseas insurance subsidiaries, this increase was mainly due to higher revenues from the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business.
Life insurance premiums declined by ¥194.8 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,058.2 billion owing mainly to the downturn in revenues at Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Affected by incurred losses (the total of net claims paid and provision for outstanding claims reserves) from several natural catastrophes in Japan and overseas, the Company posted an ordinary profit of ¥211.5 billion, a decrease of ¥141.0 billion over the previous fiscal year. After factoring in extraordinary income and losses, income taxes and other items, net income attributable to owners of the parent fell by ¥56.3 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥154.0 billion.
Insurance premiums written and claims paid by product line of insurance are as follows.

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Direct Premiums Written (including Deposit Premiums from Policyholders)
Segment Information
Performance by segment is as follows.
1) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (MSI)
Net premiums written climbed by ¥24.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,494.3 billion, primarily because of the increase in fire insurance revenue.
The net loss ratio came in at 61.8%, 0.6 of a percentage point higher than in the previous fiscal year. This was largely due to the payment of automobile insurance claims. In addition, as a result of increases in commissions and collection expenses as well as operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting, the net expense ratio was 31.5%, 0.3 of a percentage point higher than in the previous fiscal year.
After taking into account other items, including deposit premiums from policyholders, maturity refunds to policyholders, reversal of outstanding claims, and reversal of underwriting reserves, underwriting profit rose by ¥2.6 billion, to ¥84.4 billion. This mainly reflected such factors as the increase in reversal of underwriting reserves.
Accounting for such factors as the decrease in interest and dividends income by ¥11.6 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥105.1 billion, and the increase in gains on sales of securities by ¥50.4 billion, to ¥122.2 billion, total investment income after deducting investment gains appropriated to such items as maturity funds of savings-type insurance grew by ¥40.8 billion, to ¥199.9 billion. Meanwhile, total investment expenses declined by ¥2.5 billion, to ¥9.3 billion owing mainly to the downturn in losses on sales of securities.
As a result, ordinary profit increased by ¥47.0 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥262.5 billion and net income climbed by ¥33.6 billion, to ¥198.2 billion.
2) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (ADI)
Net premiums written grew by ¥21.4 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,222.0 billion, primarily because of the increase in fire insurance revenue.
Meanwhile, net claims paid increased by ¥12.0 billion, to ¥660.6 billion. This increase in net claims paid was largely attributable to higher fire insurance payments on the back of natural disasters that occurred in Japan and overseas. The net loss ratio was 59.2%, which was 0.1 of a percentage point higher than in the previous fiscal year. In addition, as a result of the decrease in underwriting-related operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, the net expenses ratio came in at 33.4%, which was 0.1 of a percentage point lower than in the previous fiscal year.
After taking into account other items, including deposit premiums from policyholders, maturity refunds to policyholders, provision for outstanding claims, and provision for underwriting reserves, underwriting profit decreased by ¥34.6 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥4.8 billion owing primarily to the increase in incurred losses (the total of net claims paid and provision for outstanding claims reserves) from such natural catastrophes as typhoons in Japan and hurricanes in North America.
Accounting for such factors as the increase in interest and dividends income by ¥3.0 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥58.4 billion, and the increase in gains on sales of securities by ¥5.3 billion, to ¥18.7 billion, total investment income after deducting investment gains appropriated to such items as maturity funds of savings-type insurance grew by ¥8.9 billion, to ¥61.0 billion. Meanwhile, total investment expenses climbed by ¥43.4 billion,
1,546,108
343,370
643,233
86,371
9.4
17.6
Data Section
    Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine 168,715
FY2016
Share Change (%) (%)
16.7 (8.3) 4.7 27.5 8.9 0.3
42.1 3.3
10.1 2.8 17.5 20.0 100 4.2
(Yen in millions)
(0.1) (0.1) 1.4
(6.3)
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
Compulsory Automobile Liability
321,055 1,524,096
366,523 Other 632,874
Amount
Amount
 ¥ 602,521
¥ 627,029
168,602
320,764
FY2017
 Share (%)
17.2
4.6
8.8
42.4
Change (%)
 4.1
1.6
0.9
  Total ¥3,615,785 Deposit premiums
from policyholders
98,546
2.7 (15.2) (12.4)
¥3,649,108
100.0
2.4
  Notes:
1. The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between
segments.
2. Direct premiums written (including deposit premiums from policyholders) are the premiums
from policyholders minus the surrender benefits and other refunds to policyholders. (Includes deposit premiums from policyholders for savings-type insurance.)
Net Premiums Written
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine 145,697 4.3
(Yen in millions)
(2.3)
   FY2016
Share Amount (%)
Change (%)
14.7 37.3 8.9 4.3
FY2017
  Amount
 142,339
1.1
1.7
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
Compulsory Automobile Liability
237,918 7.0 1,559,958 45.8
356,088 10.4 Other 567,010 16.6
(0.4) (1.1) 32.0 (0.2) 10.7
¥ 540,715 15.9
240,450
1,587,008
352,063
565,931
Share (%)
16.1
4.1
7.0
46.1
10.2
16.5
Change (%)
 ¥ 553,183
2.3
  Total ¥3,407,389 100.0
¥3,440,976
 Note: The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
Net Claims Paid
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
Compulsory Automobile Liability
Other
(Yen in millions)
  FY2016
Share Amount (%)
297,850 16.3 96,981 5.3 107,937 5.9
Change (%)
  ¥
26.6
102.0 (15.1) (1.3) (1.6)
798,736 43.6 2.8 5.4
258,465 14.1 271,905 14.8
(0.2) (2.1) 36.6
12.6
82,302
106,233
841,807
252,990
273,589
 Total ¥1,831,876 100.0
¥1,935,165
100.0
4.3
5.5
43.5
13.1
14.1
100.0
1.0
  FY2017
 Amount
Share (%)
Change (%)
 ¥ 378,241
19.5
27.0
0.6
 5.6
  Note: The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 125
 
to ¥57.8 billion owing mainly to the upswing in impairment losses on securities by ¥44.1 billion over the previous fiscal year.
As a result, ordinary profit decreased by ¥69.5 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥5.6 billion. While extraordinary income increased owing to the reversal of reserve for price fluctuation, after taking into account other factors, net income declined by ¥34.7 billion, to ¥15.6 billion over the previous fiscal year.
3) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (Mitsui Direct General)
Net premiums written increased by ¥0.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥37.8 billion.
Meanwhile, net claims paid declined by ¥0.9 billion, to ¥24.8 billion. The net loss ratio was 73.0%, which was 2.9 of percentage points lower than in the previous fiscal year.
In addition, commissions and collection expenses as well as underwriting-related operating expenses and general and administrative expenses rose by ¥0.5 billion, to ¥8.8 billion. As a result, the net expenses ratio came to 23.3%, which was 1.3 of percentage points higher than in the previous fiscal year.
Underwriting profit was ¥0.3 billion, a turnaround of ¥1.3 billion. This largely reflected the decrease in incurred losses (the total of net losses paid and provision for outstanding claims reserves). On this basis, net income came to ¥0.3 billion, again a turnaround of ¥1.3 billion over the previous fiscal year.
As a result, and after taking ownership interests into account, net income for the fiscal year under review increased by ¥1.2 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥0.2 billion.
4) Domestic Life Insurance Business (MSI Aioi Life)
Insurance premium and others rose by ¥13.4 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥493.7 billion, mainly due to an increase in individual insurance premiums.
Ordinary profit climbed by ¥0.8 billion, to ¥16.9 billion, primarily because of the increase in investment income.
Net income grew by ¥0.6 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥5.2 billion.
5) Domestic Life Insurance Business (MSI Primary Life)
Insurance premium and others decreased by ¥24.3 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,059.5 billion. This was mainly attributable to the decline in variable whole-life insurance premiums.
Ordinary profit decreased by ¥28.7 billion, to ¥28.9 billion. Despite the steady increase in interest and dividends income, this decrease largely reflected the impact of foreign currency exchange rates.
Net income climbed by ¥8.5 billion, to ¥29.2 billion owing primarily to the reversal of the reserve for price fluctuation of ¥11.5 billion.
6) International Business (Overseas Insurance Subsidiaries)
Net premiums written declined by ¥10.7 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥682.3 billion, primarily because of the downturn in revenues in Europe.
Affected by incurred losses (the total of net claims paid and provision for
outstanding claims reserves) from several overseas natural catastrophes, this segment posted an ordinary loss of ¥104.3 billion, a negative turnaround of ¥144.3 billion over the operating profit of the previous fiscal year. After taking ownership interests into account, this segment incurred a net loss for the fiscal year under review of ¥104.6 billion. This too was a negative turnaround of ¥128.7 billion over the net income of the previous fiscal year.
4. CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
With regard to cash flows in the fiscal year under review, net cash flows provided by operating activities decreased by ¥264.3 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥822.6 billion, mainly due to a decrease in life insurance premiums. Net cash flows from investing activities decreased by ¥348.2 billion from the previous fiscal year, mainly due to an increase in purchase of securities, to ¥ (963.1) billion. In addition, net cash flows from financing activities were ¥42.3 billion, an increase of ¥142.5 billion over the previous fiscal year, which mainly reflected a decline in repayments of borrowings. As a result, the balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal year under review stood at ¥1,323.5 billion, a decrease of ¥92.3 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year.
5. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND ISSUES TO BE ADDRESSED FROM THE BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL PERSPECTIVES
It is expected that the global economy will continue to expand steadily in the future, although uncertainty remains, such as protectionist policies and Brexit negotiations. The Japanese economy is also expected to continue to recover because of increases in external and internal demand against the background of the global economic recovery and the Tokyo Olympics.
Regarding the insurance industry, the market is expected to expand backed by the positive flow-on effects of the economic recovery. On the other hand, the business environment is anticipated to remain unpredictable, due to such factors as the aging society and low birth rate, the population decline, increased risk of natural disasters, and future policy trends in Japan and overseas. In addition, it is becoming increasingly important to contribute to sustainable growth by supporting a rapidly changing society, which is witnessing the utilization of AI and big data, and the expansion of a sharing economy.
In fiscal 2018, we launched a new medium-term management plan “Vision 2021”. The four years to fiscal 2021 are positioned as a “period to achieve the medium-term aspirations of the Group” and a “period to create resilient(*1) systems that can respond swiftly to changes in the environment.” At the same time, we will promote the basic strategy and key strategies shown in the following figure.
Vision 2021 Basic strategy
 ・By employing the Group’s resources to the maximum, we will realize sustainable growth and enhance corporate value.
・We will pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths, one of which is diversity, and meet the expectations of customers and other stakeholders.
・We will respond flexibly to changes in the environment and further improve quality and productivity. Key strategies
 1 PursueGroup’scomprehensivestrengths
・Make maximum use of Group’s strengths (diversity, capital, human assets, customer base, etc.) ・Review division of roles by each Group company and strengthen cooperation
・Promote standardization and sharing
 2 Promotedigitalization
・Work on “digitalization” across entire Group and connect it to transformation of entire business. ・Improve value of experiences when customers contact individual Group companies and
improve business productivity of MS&AD Group at the same time.
  126 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
3 Reformportfolio
・We will reform the Group’s business portfolio and risk portfolio, etc., to create a stable earnings base.
We will also strive to realize a resilient and sustainable society(*2) through our corporate activities by leveraging our inherent characteristics of

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
diversity, and by supporting social life and vigorous business activities. Through these initiatives, we aspire to create a world-leading insurance and financial group with a global business reach.
*1 Resilient
Having the power to adapt flexibly and skillfully, reduce impact and recover quickly in against changing circumstances and unexpected events
*2 Sustainable society
A vibrant society that spans several generations, where anyone can live securely and safely while resolving issues related to the global environment, society and human beings
6. RISK ANALYSIS
Details of certain risks related to the Group’s business performance and financial condition that may potentially have a significant influence on investor decisions are presented as follows.
(i) Asset management risk
The Group holds various assets under management, including securities, loans, real estate, and off-balance-sheet assets. There is a risk that a deterioration of economic or financial market conditions could cause changes in asset and liability values and thereby impact the Group’s business results. The main kinds of such risks are as follows.
a. Stock price risk
The Group holds large amounts of stock for the purpose of maintaining relationships with business partners over the medium- to long-term, and there is a possibility of a reduction in the value of the Group’s assets and recognition of impairment losses and losses on sales in the event of a decline in stock prices.
b. Interest rate risk
There is a possibility of a change in the value of the Group’s assets, including bonds and loans as well as insurance liabilities requiring future payments to policyholders of savings-type insurance, long-term third-sector insurance, or life insurance attributable to changes in interest rates.
c. Foreign exchange rate risk
The Group holds assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as the U.S. dollar, and there is a possibility of changes in those assets and liabilities owing to the impact of foreign exchange rate movements.
d. Credit risk
There is a possibility that lowered creditworthiness or bankruptcies of stock and bond issuers or borrowers, or disruptions in credit markets could cause a decline in the value of the Group’s assets such as stocks, corporate bonds, loans, and credit and guarantee insurance contracts or prevent the Group from recovering principal and/or interest.
(ii) Risk of large insurance claims due to natural disaster
Natural disasters such as typhoons and earthquakes can result in large losses, and with such natural disasters growing in frequency and scale worldwide due to the impact of such factors as climate change, there is a possibility that huge natural disasters exceeding forecast levels will occur. The Group utilizes reinsurance and builds appropriate catastrophe reserves, so it is able to properly respond to instances of large claim payments arising from such catastrophic events. Nonetheless, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results due to excessive payments caused by larger-than-expected natural disasters.
(iii) Liquidity risk
If there is an increase of payments of insurance claims from natural disasters, the Group’s cash flows may deteriorate and force the Group to
procure funds through transactions with extremely unfavorable terms. The Group could also be forced to conduct transactions at extremely unfavorable prices due to market disruptions. There is a risk that such situations could have a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(iv) Reinsurance transaction risk
The Group utilizes reinsurance to diversify its liabilities assumed under insurance contracts and to stabilize earnings. Nevertheless, there is a risk that a worsening of conditions in the reinsurance markets could prevent the Group from securing adequate reinsurance protection and risk diversification, which would inhibit its insurance underwriting capabilities. Moreover, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results due to a sharp rise in reinsurance premiums or an inability to recover reinsurance claims in the event of the bankruptcy of reinsurance companies.
(v) Risk of loss resulting from unforeseen changes, including changes in economic and social environment
Although insurance companies set premium levels based on forecasts of probable future losses from insurance contracts, the actual amount of losses may exceed the forecasts. This is particularly true for long-term contracts because of the possibility of significant changes in the economic and social conditions initially expected. Accordingly, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results due to the need for additional provisions for policy liabilities.
(vi) Risk related to intensified competition within the insurance industry
The Group’s business environment is becoming increasingly harsh due to factors such as new entrants coming into the insurance industry in conjunction with ongoing deregulation and downward pressure on premium levels. Under these circumstances, there is a risk that the Group’s business results could be negatively impacted from intensified competition due to a variety of factors including further deregulation, increased entry of new participants, the emergence of new technologies, and shrinkage of the insurance market and others.
(vii) Risk associated with domestic life insurance business
While working to expand its domestic life insurance business as one of the growth areas, domestic life insurance business has inherent risks, such as changes in market base due to intensifying competition, uncertainty in occurrence of insurance benefit and claims and surrender trends given the long-term nature of insurance policies. Taking each of the aforementioned into consideration, there is a risk that these factors could have a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(viii) Risk associated with international business
The Group is aggressively expanding international business in areas such as Asia, Europe and the Americas through branches and subsidiaries including development of business domain based on M&A strategy. With this comes the risk of unexpected changes in the political, economic and social conditions, regulatory changes, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and the occurrence of natural disasters and epidemics in these countries. In such an event, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(ix) Risk associated with related business
The Group engages in a wide range of business activities that fall outside the insurance domain. In addition to the Financial Services Business, which includes asset management, financial guarantee, 401k, alternative risk transfer (ART), personal loan, venture capital, and other related products and services, the Group is also active in risk management, nursing care, and other related fields through its Risk-Related Services Business. There is a
Data Section
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 127
 
risk that the Group’s business results could be negatively impacted from intensified competition due to greater than expected changes in the conditions of those markets in which the Group operates.
(x) Risk of information leaks
The Group maintains large volumes of customer information, including personal information, and confidential information, such as management data at each of the Group companies including the Company. The Group has put an information management framework in place to strictly administer information. However, in the event of a significant leak of information, the Group could suffer a loss of the trust from customers and society, as well as be held liable to pay compensation for damages. In such an event, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xi) Information systems risk
There is a risk that natural disasters, accidents, improper access via cyberattacks, system defects, and other factors could cause problems such as an information leak or stoppage, malfunction, or improper use of the Group’s information systems. There is also a risk that unexpected accidents could cause a delay or budget overrun of a large-scale system development project aimed to improve profitability. The Group is striving to manage such information systems risk; however, in the case of a large-scale information system problem involving a system stoppage, a system malfunction or improper system use, an information leak, or a delay or budget overrun of a large-scale system development project, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xii) Risks related to personnel and labor relations
The Group works diligently to secure and develop excellent personnel. However, should a major personnel or labor relations issue arise that causes the Group to suffer a loss of trust from society, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xiii) Business operation risk
The Group is striving to undertake the management processes necessary to prevent the occurrence or minimize the impact of such situations as administrative errors, legal or regulatory violations, impropriety by employees, criminal conduct by outside parties, and disasters. Despite these undertakings, however, there is a risk that the Group will lose the trust of customers and society, be prevented from properly carrying out its business operations, incur sanctions from supervisory authorities, and ultimately have its business performance negatively impacted should any of these situations in fact arise.
(xiv) Risk of business disruption
The Group has formulated a business continuity plan and prepared a crisis management framework to respond to the occurrence of natural disasters or unusual events such as an earthquake in the Tokyo metropolitan area and an outbreak of disease, such as novel influenza virus. This framework is intended to limit the duration of any disruption of business and enable business operations to be continued. Notwithstanding these crisis management measures, the Group’s business continuity could be inhibited, or the impact of the above disruptions could be greater than anticipated. In such an event, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xv) Risk of not fully realizing synergies from business integration
The Group takes synergy effects from business integration into account when formulating numerical management targets. The Group will expand its customer base by improving the quality of service, share and standardize administrative tasks and systems, and take all manner of other measures in
business integration. Furthermore, on September 27, 2013, the Company, MSI, ADI and MSA Life finalized the “Agreement on Reorganization by Function” measures designed to promote the realization of objectives such as sustainable growth and the enhancement of corporate value. The Group is taking comprehensive risk management preparations to prevent business and information systems problems, insufficient responses to customers, and other potential problems associated with the implementation of “Reorganization by Function” measures; however, in the case that unforeseen confusion were to occur despite the preventative measures and impede the full realization of synergies from business integration, there is a risk of a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xvi) Risks from changes in applicable laws, regulations and systems
The Group conducts business based on the provisions of applicable acts such as the Insurance Business Act of Japan and issues financial reports in accordance with the laws, regulations and standards that relate to corporate accounting and tax affairs. Any future amendment to these applicable laws and regulations that requires a change to the methods of selling insurance products and to product content, as well as the methods for estimating and accounting for policy liabilities, deferred tax assets, and other items, may have a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xvii) Reputational risk
Rumors about the insurance industry or the Group have the potential to affect the social credibility of the Group, regardless of whether or not they are true. Such rumors can be created or spread through the mass media, postings on the Internet, or other means. The Group strives to minimize the effect of rumors by discovering them quickly and responding to them in a timely and appropriate fashion. However, if a malicious rumor were to be circulated, there is a risk that it may have a negative impact on the Group’s business results.
(xviii) Other risks
There is a risk that the Group’s business results could be negatively impacted by acts of terrorism, disputes, and riots both in Japan and overseas, military conflicts between nations, unprecedented large-scale accidents and incidents, and external factors that are difficult to predict in advance.
7. SOLVENCY MARGIN RATIO
Insurance companies build reserves to cover payments of insurance claims. Moreover, they must secure adequate ability to cover payments even in the event of a crisis beyond the scale of what is ordinarily forecast, such as a major disaster or a significant decline in asset prices. An insurance company’s payment capability, including capital and reserves, is known as the solvency margin total amount, “(A)” in the tables below, and its risk amount, “(B)” in the tables below, reflects such a risk exceeding ordinary forecasts. The ratio of (A) to (B) is an index called the solvency margin ratio, “(C)” in the tables below, which is calculated based on the Insurance Business Act.
The solvency margin ratio is an objective decision-making index used by government agencies for monitoring insurance companies and insurance holding companies. A solvency margin ratio of 200% or higher is taken to indicate that an insurance company has sufficient capability to pay insurance claims and other obligations.
The status of MS&AD and its domestic insurance subsidiaries as of the end of the fiscal year under review is as follows.
128 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
MS&AD
Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2016
¥4,875,444
1,117,406
872.6%
b. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
¥1,305,152
298,961
873.1%
Data Section
  FY2017
 ¥1,284,815
 319,689
 803.7%
  FY2016
  FY2017
 ¥5,067,184
 1,236,932
 819.3%
          Note: The consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Article 210–11, 3 and Article 210–11, 4 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and in the Financial Services Agency (FSA) Public Ministerial Announcement No. 23 of 2011.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 53.3 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 819.3% on the back of such factors as the year-on-year increase in the total amount of risks by ¥119.5 billion. This largely reflected the increase in asset management risk.
Note: See the note for MSI “b. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 69.4 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 803.7% on the back of such factors as the year-on-year decrease in the solvency margin total amount by ¥20.3 billion. This largely reflected dividends paid and the redemption prior to maturity of subordinated bonds.
MSI
a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2016
¥2,840,438
863,472
657.9%
Mitsui Direct General
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2016
¥14,705
6,817
431.4%
  FY2017
 ¥14,992
 6,553
 457.5%
    FY2017
 ¥3,293,687
 939,444
 701.1%
          Note: The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Articles 86 and 87 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Article 50 of the Notification of the Ministry of Finance 1996.
The solvency margin ratio improved by 43.2 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 701.1% on the back of such factors as the year-on-year increase in the solvency margin total amount by ¥453.2 billion. This largely reflected the increase in shareholders’ equity attributable to net income and the issuance of domestic subordinated bonds.
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio improved by 26.1 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 457.5% on the back of such factors as the year-on-year increase in the solvency margin total amount by ¥0.2 billion. This largely reflected the increase in total net assets attributable to net income.
b. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2016
¥2,497,621
722,818
691.0%
MSA Life
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2016
¥487,958
51,546
1,893.2%
  FY2017
 ¥484,904
 56,163
 1,726.7%
    FY2017
 ¥2,714,894
 809,237
 670.9%
          Note: The consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Article 86-2 and Article 88 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and FSA Public Ministerial Announcement No. 23 of 2011.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 20.1 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 670.9% on the back of such factors as the year-on-year increase in the total amount of risks by ¥86.4 billion. This largely reflected the increase in asset management risk.
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 166.5 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 1,726.7% on the back of such factors as the year-on-year increase in the total amount of risks by ¥4.6 billion. This largely reflected the increase in asset management risk.
ADI
a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2016
¥1,332,714
312,981
851.6%
MSP Life
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
FY2016
¥558,542
108,399
1,030.5%
  FY2017
 ¥1,268,359
 323,538
 784.0%
   FY2017
 ¥605,676
 121,997
 992.9%
           Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 67.6 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 784.0% on the back of such factors as the year-on-year decrease in the solvency margin total amount by ¥64.3 billion. This largely reflected dividends paid and the redemption prior to maturity of subordinated bond.
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio decreased by 37.6 percentage points over the previous fiscal year-end, to 992.9% on the back of such factors as the year-on-year increase in the total amount of risks by ¥13.5 billion. This largely reflected the increase in asset management risk due to increase in asset under management.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 129
 
Premiums Written and Net Claims Paid—Non-Life Insurance (Unaudited) (a) Direct Premiums Written (including deposit premiums from policyholders)
          Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
Deposit premiums from policyholders
(b) Net Premiums Written
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
(c) Net Claims Paid
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
Amount
¥ 590,674 121,387 347,562 1,378,126 352,649 432,409
¥3,222,809 ¥ 151,449
Amount
¥ 398,163 97,054 227,546 1,393,198 338,245 357,402
¥2,811,611
FY2013
Change Share (%) (%)
Amount
¥ 625,179 131,030 341,241 1,421,126 355,417 476,209
¥3,350,204 ¥ 138,799
Amount
¥ 425,881 103,389 230,991 1,438,002 348,356 392,491
¥2,939,113
FY2014
Change Share (%) (%)
5.8 18.7
7.9 3.9 (1.8) 10.2 3.1 42.4 0.8 10.6 10.1 14.2
4.0 100.0 (8.4) 4.1
FY2014
Change Share (%) (%)
7.0 14.5 6.5 3.5 1.5 7.9 3.2 48.9 3.0 11.8 9.8 13.4
4.5 100.0
FY2014
Change Share (%) (%)
2.6 15.7 (9.9) 2.8 (1.3) 6.9 (2.3) 47.7 (1.2) 15.6
1.1 11.3
(1.2) 100.0
(Yen in millions)
FY2015
Change Share Amount (%) (%)
¥ 657,398 5.2 19.0 132,284 1.0 3.8 319,937 (6.2) 9.2
1,475,596 3.8 42.5 356,465 0.3 10.3 527,502 10.8 15.2
¥3,469,185 3.6 100.0 ¥ 116,225 (16.3) 3.4
(Yen in millions)
FY2015
Change Share Amount (%) (%)
¥ 471,476 10.7 15.3 106,108 2.6 3.4 218,487 (5.4) 7.1
1,495,339 4.0 48.6 357,639 2.7 11.6 429,680 9.5 14.0
¥3,078,732 4.8 100.0
   7.7 12.5
(1.4) 3.8 9.6
10.5
5.7 (7.6)
FY2013
Change (%)
12.5 11.2 2.1 4.2 8.9 9.2
6.5
FY2013
Change (%)
(20.0) 27.3
1.9 (3.1) (1.3) 4.9
(4.0)
18.3 3.8 10.8 42.8 10.9 13.4
100.0 4.7
Share (%)
14.2 3.5 8.1 49.5 12.0 12.7
100.0
Share (%)
15.1 3.1 6.9 48.2 15.7 11.0
100.0
(Yen in millions)
                                        ¥
Amount
252,695 51,532 115,636 805,460 261,349 183,667
¥
Amount
259,270 46,430 114,136 786,916 258,095 185,698
¥
Amount
235,176 48,009 109,376 776,606 259,078 199,092
FY2015
Change Share (%) (%)
(9.3) 14.5 3.4 3.0 (4.2) 6.7 (1.3) 47.7 0.4 15.9 7.2 12.2
(1.4) 100.0
   ¥1,670,343
¥1,650,547
¥1,627,340
     130
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
DIRECT PREMIUMS WRITTEN (FY2017)
Data Section
    (US$ in millions)
   FY2017
 Amount
 Change (%)
 Share (%)
 ¥ 627,029
 4.1
 17.2
168,602
(0.1)
4.6
320,764
(0.1)
8.8
1,546,108
1.4
42.4
343,370
(6.3)
9.4
643,233
1.6
17.6
 ¥3,649,108
 0.9
 100.0
¥ 86,371
 (12.4)
 2.4
  FY2017
 Amount
 $ 5,915
1,591
3,026
14,586
3,239
6,068
 $34,426
$ 815
  FY2016
Change Share Amount (%) (%)
¥ 602,521 (8.3) 16.7 168,715 27.5 4.7 321,055 0.3 8.9
1,524,096 3.3 42.1 366,523 2.8 10.1 632,874 20.0 17.5
¥3,615,785 4.2 100.0 ¥ 98,546 (15.2) 2.7
FY2016
Change Share Amount (%) (%)
¥ 540,715 14.7 15.9 145,697 37.3 4.3 237,918 8.9 7.0
1,559,958 4.3 45.8 356,088 (0.4) 10.4 567,010 32.0 16.6
¥3,407,389 10.7 100.0
FY2016
Change Share Amount (%) (%)
¥ 297,850 26.6 16.3 96,981 102.0 5.3 107,937 (1.3) 5.9 798,736 2.8 43.6 258,465 (0.2) 14.1 271,905 36.6 14.8
¥1,831,876 12.6 100.0
Total ¥3,649.1 Billion
Other, 17.6%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 9.4%
Fire and
Allied, 17.2%
Marine, 4.6%
Personal Accident, 8.8%
Allied, 16.1%
Marine, 4.1%
Personal Accident, 7.0%
Allied, 19.5%
Marine, 4.3%
Personal Accident, 5.5%
     Voluntary Automobile, 42.4%
   NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN (FY2017)
   (US$ in millions)
  FY2017
 Amount
 Change (%)
 Share (%)
 ¥ 553,183
 2.3
 16.1
142,339
(2.3)
4.1
240,450
1.1
7.0
1,587,008
1.7
46.1
352,063
(1.1)
10.2
565,931
 (0.2)
 16.5
 ¥3,440,976
 1.0
 100.0
  FY2017
 Amount
 $ 5,219
1,343
2,268
14,972
3,321
5,339
 $32,462
  Total ¥3,440.9 Billion
Other, 16.5%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 10.2%
Fire and
    Voluntary Automobile, 46.1%
  NET CLAIMS PAID (FY2017)
   (US$ in millions)
  FY2017
 Amount
 Change (%)
 Share (%)
 ¥ 378,241
 27.0
 19.5
82,302
(15.1)
4.3
106,233
(1.6)
5.5
841,807
5.4
43.5
252,990
(2.1)
13.1
273,589
 0.6
 14.1
 ¥1,935,165
 5.6
 100.0
  FY2017
 Amount
 $ 3,568
776
1,002
7,942
2,387
2,581
 $18,256
  Total ¥1,935.1 Billion
Other, 14.1%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 13.1%
Fire and
    Voluntary Automobile, 43.5%
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 131
 
Policies in Force and New Policies—Domestic Life Insurance (Unaudited) (a) Policies in Force
       (Yen in millions) FY2015
(US$ in millions)
     FY2017
 Amount
Change (%)
 ¥26,882,564
4.1
2,986,168
(3.1)
7,859,834
11.1
302
 (7.1)
 FY2017
 Amount
 $253,609
28,171
74,149
3
          Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
FY2013 Amount
¥21,391,387 3,738,051 5,124,978
399
Change (%)
8.1 (5.5) (0.8) (6.9)
FY2014
Amount ¥22,676,597 3,638,524 5,301,496 369
Change (%)
6.0 (2.7) 3.4 (7.7)
Amount ¥24,277,843 3,208,994 6,518,709 351
Change (%)
7.1 (11.8)
23.0 (4.7)
FY2016
Change Amount (%)
¥25,813,254 6.3
3,081,777 7,074,353 8.5
325
(4.0) (7.4)
    Notes:1. The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves in the case of individual variable annuities) for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
2. The amounts of group annuities represent the underwriting reserves.
(b) New Policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
(Yen in millions) FY2015
Amount ¥3,495,356 190,634 1,005,973 –
(US$ in millions)
           FY2017
 Amount
 ¥3,438,585
216,635
144,570
–
  FY2017
 Amount
 $32,439
2,044
1,364
–
  FY2013 Amount
¥3,235,603 237,132 104,852 –
FY2014 Amount
¥3,307,082 198,867 88,702 –
FY2016 Amount
¥3,249,483 159,925 61,074 –
            Note: The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves at the time of enrollment in the case of individual variable annuities).
132 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Investment Assets and Investments in Securities (Unaudited)
Data Section
 (a) Investment Assets
Deposits and savings
Call loans
Receivables under resale agreements
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Investments in securities
Loans
Land and buildings
Total investment assets
Total assets
(b) Investments in Securities
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Stock
Foreign securities Other securities
Total
FY2016 (Yen in millions)
Amount Share
¥ 1,419,153 6.7% 15,000 0.1 6,999 0.0 285,455 1.3 111,320 0.5 971,119 4.6 15,303,103 72.1 886,316 4.2 428,845 2.0
¥19,427,313 91.5%
¥21,234,300 100.0%
FY2017
(Yen in millions)
FY2017
(US$ in millions)
      Amount
 Share
¥ 1,481,589
6.6
%
–
–
6,999
0.0
309,644
1.4
140,133
0.6
1,043,506
4.6
16,152,966
71.9
892,599
4.0
422,831
 1.9
¥20,450,271
 91.0
%
¥22,472,927
 100.0
%
 Amount
 $ 13,977
–
66
2,921
1,322
9,844
152,386
8,421
3,989
 $192,927
 $212,009
      FY2016 (Yen in millions)
Amount
FY2017
(Yen in millions)
FY2017
(US$ in millions)
     Amount
 Share
¥ 3,887,198
24.1
%
296,667
1.8
1,621,792
10.0
2,906,719
18.0
4,870,634
30.2
2,569,954
 15.9
¥16,152,966
 100.0
%
 Amount
 $ 36,672
2,799
15,300
27,422
45,949
24,245
 $152,386
 Share
 ¥ 3,809,185 24.9% 273,964 1.8 1,574,639 10.3 2,693,726 17.6 4,295,138 28.1 2,656,449 17.3
 ¥15,303,103
100.0%
 Note: "Other securities" consists mainly of investment trusts managed in separate accounts.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 133
 
Consolidated Balance Sheets
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2017 and 2018
Assets
Cash, deposits and savings
Call loans
Receivables under resale agreements
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Monetary claims bought
Money trusts Investments in securities Loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Lease assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Total tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets: Software
Goodwill
Lease assets
Other intangible fixed assets
Total intangible fixed assets
Other assets
Assets for retirement benefits
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Yen in millions 2017
¥ 1,419,267 15,000 6,999 285,455 111,320 971,119 15,303,103 886,316
232,151 196,693 2,943 1,658 31,508 464,955
74,572 163,415 3 179,164 417,156
1,225,719 32,452 55,660 50,530
(10,756) ¥21,234,300
US$ in millions
    2018
 6,999
309,644
140,133
1,043,506
16,152,966
892,599
231,456
191,374
2,711
2,379
31,701
229,221
262,570
218
–
$ 13,978
2018
  ¥ 1,481,694
2,921
1,322
9,844
152,386
8,421
2,184
1,805
–
66
26
22
299
   459,624
57,491
4,336
542
2,162
2,477
2
   549,502
1,297,829
30,645
68,026
49,500
(9,746)
5,184
12,244
289
642
467
(92)
   ¥22,472,927
$212,009
              134 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
¥ 2,213,650
14,750,861
Data Section
    2018
   $ 20,883
2018
139,159
   16,964,512
558,191
1,328,675
184,569
1,487,258
538
27,592
16,341
152,928
160,043
5,266
12,535
1,741
260
154
1,443
5
   152,928
221,690
49,500
1,443
2,091
  19,504,540
100,000
554,320
849,044
20,043
26,709
2,968,387
184,005
467
 943
5,229
8,010
(25)
  1,500,765
14,158
14,031
   $212,009
189
(625)
(6)
  1,440,346
566
13,588
252
28,004
5
    ¥22,472,927
    Liabilities and Net Assets
Liabilities Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims Underwriting reserves
Total policy liabilities
Bonds issued
Other liabilities
Liabilities for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for reorganization by function
Reserves under the special laws: Reserve for price fluctuation
Total reserves under the special laws
Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
Net Assets Shareholders’ equity:
Common stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss):
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥ 1,982,354 14,173,799
16,156,153
456,191 1,226,769 190,562 640 28,396 22,097
194,960
194,960
173,566 50,530
18,499,867
100,000 669,458 775,877 (120,050)
1,425,285
1,360,859 23,472
(91,219) (9,420)
1,283,692
307 25,147
2,734,432
¥21,234,300
(2,599)
(66,274) (679)
Yen in millions 2017
US$ in millions
            INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 135

Consolidated Statements of Income
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
Ordinary income and expenses Ordinary income:
Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposit premiums from policyholders
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Life insurance premiums
Other underwriting income
Total underwriting income Investment income:
Interest and dividends income Investment gains on money trusts Investment gains on trading securities Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Investment gains on separate accounts
Other investment income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Total investment income Other ordinary income:
Gains on equity method investments Other ordinary income
Total other ordinary income
Total ordinary income Ordinary expenses:
Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Life insurance claims
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Other underwriting expenses
Total underwriting expenses Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivative transactions Other investment expenses
Total investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense
Provision for bad debt reserve
Losses on bad debts
Amortization of deferred assets under Article 113 of the Insurance Business Act Other ordinary expenses
Total other ordinary expenses Total ordinary expenses Ordinary profit/(loss)
Extraordinary income and losses Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Reversal of reserves under the special laws
Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation
Total reversal of reserves under the special laws Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Total provision for reserves under the special laws
Losses on accelerated depreciation of tangible fixed assets Other extraordinary losses
Total extraordinary losses
Income/(loss) before income taxes Income taxes - current
Income taxes - deferred
Total income taxes
Net income/(loss)
Net income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Yen in millions
US$ in millions
2018
$32,462 815 407 9,984 183 43,850
2,700 83 278 1,433 10 1,088 11
(407) 5,197
28 150 178 49,225
18,256 1,614 6,501 2,275
3 3,548 1,694 5,269 65 39,224
130 85 14 6 137 1,168 1,539 6,317
85 – 2 – 61 148 47,229 1,996
88
397 397 484
36 139
– – 0 –
175 2,305 1,117
(264) 853
1,452 (2)
$ 1,453
        2017
¥3,407,389 98,546 45,405 1,253,167 6,353 4,810,863
272,556 16,056 50,255 92,602
718 81,380 39,118
(45,405) 507,283
2,112 14,980 17,093
5,335,239
1,831,876 169,562 681,003 236,800
526 330,897 71,394 908,160 26,131 4,256,352
1,034 12,769 2,034 1,118 31,628 6,512 55,096 653,593
8,986 2,012 217 947 5,420 17,584 4,982,626 352,612
3,546
–
– 3,546
2,456 5,512
33,928 33,928 – 31,656 73,553 282,605 105,468
(34,562) 70,906 211,699
1,252 210,447
2018
¥3,440,976 86,371 43,130 1,058,278 19,353 4,648,110
286,229 8,795 29,424 151,934 1,092 115,299 1,194
(43,130) 550,838
3,017 15,868 18,886
5,217,835
1,935,165 171,041 689,066 241,099
283 376,130 179,565 558,519 6,897 4,157,768
13,748 8,996 1,512
584 14,498 123,843 163,183 669,640
9,057 – 215 – 6,420 15,693 5,006,286 211,548
9,316
42,032 42,032 51,348
3,853 14,724
–
– 11 – 18,589 244,307 118,432
(28,008) 90,423 153,884
(173) 154,057
                              ¥
¥
 136 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
Net income/(loss)
Other comprehensive income/(loss):
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) Total comprehensive income/(loss)
Allocation:
Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Yen in millions 2017
¥211,699
33,664 (16,640) (114,654) (1,073)
1,298 (97,405)
¥114,294
¥115,115 (821)
US$ in millions
Data Section
    2018
 123,681
(3,316)
23,348
8,723
4,775
2018
  ¥153,884
$1,452
1,167
(31)
220
82
45
   157,211
  ¥311,096
   ¥309,798
1,297
1,483
 $2,935
$2,923
12
              INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 137
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
 MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
2017
Beginning balance
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in scope of consolidation
Changes in equity resulting from increase in capital of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transac- tions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year Ending balance
Common stock
¥100,000
Capital surplus
¥670,646
0
(570)
(617)
(1,188)
¥669,458
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
¥628,562
(63,223)
210,447
91
147,315
¥775,877
Treasury stock
¥(80,065)
(39,985)
1
(39,984)
¥(120,050)
(Yen in millions)
Total shareholders’ equity
                – ¥100,000
¥1,319,143
(63,223)
210,447
(39,985)
1
91
(570)
(617)
–
106,142
¥1,425,285
Total net assets
     Beginning balance
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Changes in scope of consolidation
Changes in equity resulting from increase in capital of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
¥1,324,886
¥40,113
¥ 22,369
¥(8,343) ¥1,379,024
¥27,106 ¥2,725,274
(63,223)
210,447
(39,985)
1
91
(570)
(617)
–
(1,959) (96,984)
(1,959) 9,158
¥25,147 ¥2,734,432
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
     Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities
   Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
  Foreign currency translation adjustments
  Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
   Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
 Stock acquisition rights
–
Non- controlling interests
            35,973
35,973
¥1,360,859
(16,640)
(113,588)
(1,076)
(1,076)
(95,332)
(95,332)
307
307
¥307
 (16,640) (113,588)
¥23,472 ¥(91,219)
¥(9,420) ¥1,283,692
  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
138 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
   Shareholders’ equity
     Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
     ¥100,000
¥669,458
¥775,877
          (79,975)
¥(120,050) ¥1,425,285
     154,057
154,057
          (2)
65
62
    (117,455)
117,455
–
     –
     –
     (242)
     2,562
2,562
     (914)
          –
(115,138) 73,167
117,450
75,479
     ¥100,000
¥554,320
¥849,044
¥ (2,599) ¥1,500,765
        Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
          Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights
Non- controlling interests
Total net assets
      ¥1,360,859
¥23,472
¥(91,219) ¥(9,420) ¥1,283,692
¥307
¥25,147
¥2,734,432
                        154,057
2,562
                62
 –
 –
 –
                                                     126,398
(3,429) 24,944
(3,429) 24,944
8,740
156,654
258
1,561
158,475
       126,398
8,740
156,654
258
1,561
233,955
        ¥1,487,258
¥20,043
¥(66,274) ¥ (679) ¥1,440,346
¥566
¥26,709
¥2,968,387
       2018
Beginning balance Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Cancellation of treasury stock
Changes in scope of consolidation
Changes in equity resulting from increase in capital of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transac- tions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertain- ing to the U.S. tax reform
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year Ending balance
Beginning balance Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Cancellation of treasury stock
Changes in scope of consolidation
Changes in equity resulting from increase in capital of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertain- ing to the U.S. tax reform.
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
(70)
(Yen in millions)
(79,975) (70)
(242) (914)
                        (79,975) (70)
(242)
(914)
             See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 139

2018
Beginning balance Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Cancellation of treasury stock
Changes in scope of consolidation
Changes in equity resulting from increase in capital of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transac- tions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertain- ing to the U.S. tax reform.
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year Ending balance
Beginning balance Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Cancellation of treasury stock
Changes in scope of consolidation
Changes in equity resulting from increase in capital of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes in equity resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests
Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Adjustments of retained earnings pertain- ing to the U.S. tax reform.
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
(US$ in millions)
(754) (1) (1)
(2) (9)
   Shareholders’ equity
     Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
      $943
$6,316
$7,320
            (754)
$(1,133) $13,446
      1,453
1,453
            (0)
1
1
     (1,108)
1,108
–
      –
      –
      (2)
      24
     (9)
24
              $943
–
(1,086) 690
 $8,010
1,108
$ (25) $14,158
712
    $5,229
           Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
           Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights
Non- controlling interests
Total net assets
       $12,838
$221
$(861) $(89) $12,110
$3
$237
$25,797
                  (754) 1,453
(1)
(2) 24
(9)
                           1
 –
 –
 –
                                                            1,192
(32) 235
82
1,478
2
15
1,495
        1,192
(32) 235
82
1,478
2
15
2,207
         $14,031
$189
$(625) $ (6) $13,588
$5
$252
$28,004
       140 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
I. Cash flows from operating activities:
Income/(loss) before income taxes Adjustments for:
Yen in millions
2017
¥ 282,605
US$ in millions
2018
$ 2,305
604 139 111
1,511 5,152
(13) (1) (12) (54)
63 (397)
(2,700) 47
(1,617) 137
(1,088) 85
1,064 (53) (28)
130 (46) (95)
5,244 3,848
(81) (1,251)
7,761 (172)
(25) 357
(1,212) 492
(33,918) 26,842 (1,875)
1,738 (46)
65 (7,754)
7 (191)
136 (449) (805)
(23) (9,086)
519 (286)
1,218 (264)
(1) (754) (9) (9) (16)
399 54
(872) 13,358
Data Section
         Depreciation 62,184
2018
¥ 244,307
64,014 14,724 11,741
160,203 546,085 (1,348)
(101) (1,239) (5,756)
6,700 (42,032) (286,229)
4,967 (171,357)
14,498 (115,299)
9,057 112,731
(5,580) (3,017) 13,828 (4,921)
(10,068) 555,908 407,933 (8,626) (132,575) 822,640
(18,260) (2,601) 37,842
(128,508) 52,173
(3,595,276) 2,845,276
(198,795) 184,210
(4,848) 6,901
(821,886) 754
(20,291) 14,461 (47,645) (85,341)
(2,401) (963,105)
55,027 (30,342) 129,133 (28,000)
(70) (79,887) (917) (964) (1,648)
42,329 5,738
(92,396) 1,415,903
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Amortization of goodwill
Increase/(decrease) in outstanding claims
Increase/(decrease) in underwriting reserves
Increase/(decrease) in bad debt reserve
Increase/(decrease) in reserve for retirement benefits for officers Increase/(decrease) in accrued bonuses for employees Increase/(decrease) in reserve for reorganization by function Increase/(decrease) in liabilities for pension and retirement benefits Increase/(decrease) in reserve for price fluctuation
Interest and dividends income
Losses/(gains) on money trusts
Losses/(gains) on investments in securities Losses/(gains) on derivative transactions Investment losses/(gains) on separate accounts Interest expense
Foreign exchange losses/(gains)
Losses/(gains) on disposal of tangible fixed assets Losses/(gains) on equity method investments Decrease/(increase) in other assets Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities
Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Income taxes refunded/(paid)
Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities (a)
II. Cash flows from investing activities:
Net decrease/(increase) in deposits and savings
Purchase of monetary claims bought
Proceeds from sales and redemption of monetary claims bought
Purchase of money trusts
Proceeds from sales of money trusts
Purchase of securities
Proceeds from sales and redemption of securities
Investment in loans
Collection of loans
Net increase/(decrease) in cash collateral under securities borrowing and lending transactions Other, net
Subtotal (b)
(a + b)
Acquisition of tangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets
Acquisition of intangible fixed assets
Acquisition of shares of subsidiaries resulting in changes in scope of consolidation Other, net
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities
III. Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from borrowings
Repayments of borrowings
Issuance of bonds
Redemption of bonds
Repurchase of treasury stock
Dividends paid to shareholders
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Purchase of shares of subsidiaries not resulting in changes in scope of consolidation Other, net
Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities
IV. Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
V. Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
VI. Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
VII. Decrease in cash and cash equivalents due to exclusion from scope of consolidation
VIII. Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
5,512 11,393 82,392
903,095 1,542
(156) (3,096)
22,097 2,078 33,928
(272,556) (15,075) (127,655) 31,628 (81,380)
8,986 (31,703) (1,090) (2,112) (70,445)
6,834 (19,868) 829,139
355,139 (10,628) (86,701)
1,086,948
(1,112) –
17,191 (206,384) 78,917
(3,136,168) 2,577,663
(212,875) 212,220 73,812
21,800 (574,934) 512,013
(20,158) 8,922 (27,608)
– (1,119) (614,899)
32,651 (141,389) 148,961
(33,890) (39,985) (63,151)
(1,098) (617) (1,678) (100,198)
(11,451) 360,399
1,056,407 (903)
¥1,415,903
––
¥1,323,506 $12,486
          INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 141
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of and for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2017
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1. Basis of presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated from the consolidated financial statements of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. (“the Company”) prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Rules of Corporate Accounting, the Enforcement Regulations of the Japanese Insurance Business Act and related rules, and regulations applicable to the non-life insurance industry in general, and in conformity with accounting principles and practices generally accepted in Japan, which may differ in certain respects from accounting principles and practices generally accepted in countries and jurisdictions other than Japan. In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, certain additional information has been provided for the consolidated financial statements issued domestically in order to present them in a form that is more familiar to readers outside Japan.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are expressed in Japanese yen. As permitted by the regulations under the Rules of Corporate Accounting, amounts are rounded down to the nearest million of Japanese yen, except for those stated otherwise. As a result, the total amounts in Japanese yen shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of the individual amounts.
Solely for the convenience of readers, the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2018 have been translated into US dollar at the rate of ¥106=US$1, the approximate exchange rate on the Tokyo foreign exchange market on the last business day of March 2018. Such translation should not be construed as presentations that the Japanese yen amounts have been, should have been, or could in the future be, converted into US dollar at that or any other rate.
“Subsidiary” and “Associate” appearing in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto refer to those defined in Article 2 of the Rules of Corporate Accounting.
2. Scope of consolidation
             (1)
Number of consolidated subsidiaries
93 companies
Major consolidated subsidiaries are as follows:
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”)
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSAL”) Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSPL”) MSIG Holdings (Americas), Inc.
MS Amlin plc
MSIG Insurance (Malaysia) Bhd.
Changes in scope of consolidation
MS First Capital Insurance Limited and DTRIC Management Company, Limited have been included in the scope of consolidation since the year ended March 31, 2018 as they became consolidated subsidiaries due to the Company’s acquisition of shares. Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited and 2 other companies have also been included in the scope of consolidation since the year ended March 31, 2018 as they were newly established.
Solo Absolute Bonds and Currency Fund and 15 other companies have been excluded from the scope of consolidation during the year ended March 31, 2018 as they are no longer consolidated subsidiaries due to the withdrawal of capital or sales of their shares.
Unconsolidated subsidiaries
Major unconsolidated subsidiaries are as follows:
Anshin Dial Company, Limited MS&AD Systems Company, Limited
(2)
142
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
   Certain subsidiaries including the above subsidiaries are not consolidated, as they are not considered to have any impact on, in all material aspects, the consolidated financial conditions and business performance, in view of the size of their total assets, ordinary income, net income and retained earnings attributable to the Company.
3. Application of equity method
(1) Number of associates accounted for under the equity method 15 companies
Major associates accounted for under the equity method are as follows:
Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Limited ReAssure Jersey One Limited
Changes in scope of application of equity method
ReAssure Jersey One Limited and 3 other companies have become equity method affiliates during the year ended March 31, 2018 due to the Company’s acquisition of shares.
Miles Smith Holdings Limited has been excluded from the scope of application of the equity method during the year ended March 31, 2018 due to sales of their shares.
(2) Other affiliates, including unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates (e.g. Anshin Dial Company, Limited and Zenkankyo Small Amount and Short Term Insurance Holdings, Ltd.), are stated at cost as their effects on the consolidated net income and retained earnings are not considered material, individually and in aggregate.
(3) The Company holds 29.9% voting rights of Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company, Limited (“Japan Earthquake Re”) through MSI and ADI. However, Japan Earthquake Re is not included as an affiliate since the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial decisions of Japan Earthquake Re in view of its public nature.
4. Fiscal year of consolidated subsidiaries
The fiscal year end of certain consolidated subsidiaries, including MS Amlin plc and 84 other companies, is December 31, which is different from that of the Company. The Company uses the financial statements as of their latest fiscal year end for consolidation purposes since the intervening period does not exceed three months from its fiscal year end.
The Company makes adjustments to incorporate significant transactions occurred during the intervening period that materially affect the consolidated financial statements.
5. Accounting policies
(1) Valuation policies and methods of securities (including those included in Cash, deposits and savings, and Monetary claims bought as set forth in the Enforcement Regulations of the Japanese Insurance Business Act)
(i) Trading securities are valued at their year-end market prices. Cost of sales is calculated using the moving average method. For overseas consolidated subsidiaries, cost of sales is calculated using the first-in, first-out method.
(ii) Held-to-maturity securities are valued at amortized cost.
(iii) Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates that are not accounted for under the equity method are valued at cost determined by the moving average method.
                  INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 143

(iv) Debt securities and money trusts earmarked for underwriting reserves are valued at amortized cost determined by the moving average method in accordance with Industry Audit Committee Report No. 21 “Temporary Treatment of Accounting and Auditing Concerning Debt Securities Earmarked for Underwriting Reserve in the Insurance Industry” (issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants on November 16, 2000).
A summary of the risk management policy for debt securities and money trusts earmarked for underwriting reserves is as follows:
To effectively manage risks of variability in interest rates related to assets and liabilities, MSAL establishes subgroups of “individual insurance” that meet certain criteria for each type of insurance and investment policy, as well as applies the investment policy and cash allocation policy reflecting their characteristics. In addition, MSAL periodically assesses whether the durations of the debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves fall within a certain range from those of the underwriting reserves in each subgroup.
To effectively manage risks of variability in interest rates related to assets and liabilities, MSPL establishes subgroups of “individual insurance and individual annuities” that meet certain criteria for each currency, as well as applies the investment policy and cash allocation policy reflecting their characteristics. In addition, MSPL periodically assesses whether the durations of the debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves fall within a certain range from those of the underwriting reserves in each subgroup. Starting from the year ended March 31, 2018, to improve Asset and Liability Management (ALM) and investment methods appropriate for investment environment, the size of subgroups of certain individual insurance denominated in Australian dollars has been reduced. This change has no effect on the consolidated financial statements.
(v) Available-for-sale securities (except for those without practically determinable fair value) are valued at their year-end market prices.
Net unrealized gains and losses are reported as a separate line item of net assets. For foreign currency bonds held by certain consolidated subsidiaries, changes in fair values due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates are reported in net unrealized gains and losses in net assets, while the remaining changes are reported as foreign exchange gains and losses in the consolidated financial statements of income. Cost of sales is calculated by the moving average method
(vi) Available-for-sale securities without practically determinable fair value are valued at cost using the moving average method.
(vii) Money trusts specifically managed for the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries for trading purposes are valued at their year-end market prices.
Money trusts specifically managed for the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries, other than those held for trading purposes, held to maturity and earmarked for underwriting reserves, are valued on the same basis as available-for-sale securities.
(2) Valuation policies and methods of derivative financial instruments Derivative financial instruments are valued at fair value.
(3) Depreciation methods of significant depreciable assets
(i) Depreciation of tangible fixed assets is computed using the straight-line method.
(ii) Intangible fixed assets are amortized by the straight-line method. Capitalized software for internal use is amortized by the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.
(4) Accounting policies for significant reserves
144
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
(i)
Bad debt reserve
For domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established under the internal standards for self-assessment of assets and the policy for write-off and provision.
Bad debt reserve for loans to debtors who are legally deemed to be insolvent due to bankruptcy or special liquidation, or whose notes are under suspension at clearing houses, and loans to debtors who are deemed to be substantially insolvent is provided based on the outstanding balance remaining after deducting the resale value of collateral and the amount collectible through guarantees.
Bad debt reserve for loans to debtors who are likely to become insolvent in the future is provided based on the outstanding balance remaining after deducting the resale value of collateral, the amount collectible through guarantees and the amount expected to be repaid by the debtors considering their overall ability to pay.

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
For loans other than those described above, bad debt reserve is calculated by multiplying the outstanding balances by the historical bad debt ratios.
Bad debt reserve for all loans and receivables is provided based on the assessment under the internal standards for self-assessment of assets. The assessment is performed by the departments responsible for the respective assets and the results are reviewed by independent internal audit departments.
For other domestic consolidated subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established under their internal standards for self-assessment of assets and policies for provision similar to those of the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries.
For overseas consolidated subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established based on the assessment of collectability of individual receivables.
(ii) Reserve for retirement benefits for officers
Reserve for retirement benefits that covers the cost of services rendered by officers and operating officers of MSI and MSAL up to the year ended March 31, 2005, the date on which the retirement benefit plans for officers were terminated, is established based on the estimated amounts to be paid at the year end to provide for future retirement benefits (including pension) for officers and operating officers of MSI and MSAL.
(iii) Accrued bonuses for employees
Accrued bonuses for employees are determined based on the estimated amounts to be paid at the year-end to provide for future bonuses for employees and operating officers.
(iv) Reserve for reorganization by function
Reserve for reorganization by function is established based on the estimated costs to be incurred in the future associated with the reorganization by function at domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries of the Company.
(v) Reserve for price fluctuation
For the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the reserve for price fluctuation is recognized under Article 115 of the Insurance Business Act to provide for possible losses arising from price fluctuation of investment assets such as equity securities.
(5) Accounting for retirement benefits
(i) Attribution method of retirement benefits over the service period
In computing retirement benefit obligations, the estimated retirement benefits are attributed to the periods up to the current year using the plan’s benefit formula.
(ii) Accounting for actuarial gains and losses
Actuarial gains and losses are amortized, commencing from the following year, using the straight-line method over a certain number of years (primarily 10 - 11 years) that do not exceed the expected average remaining service period of employees at the time of occurrence.
(6) Translation of foreign currency assets and liabilities
Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities of the Company are translated into Japanese yen using the spot exchange rate prevailing at the year end. The foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the translation are recognized in earnings. Foreign currency assets and liabilities of overseas consolidated subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen using the spot exchange rate prevailing at their respective year ends, while shareholders’ equity is translated at the historical rates. Income and expenses of overseas consolidated subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen using the average exchange rate for the year. Differences arising from such translations are included in Foreign currency translation adjustments and Non-controlling interests in Net Assets.
(7) Accounting for consumption taxes
Consumption taxes received or paid by the Company and its major domestic consolidated subsidiaries are not included in income or expenses, except for those related to Loss adjustment expenses and Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses incurred by the domestic consolidated non-life insurance subsidiaries. Consumption taxes excluded from income and expenses are recorded at the net amount on the balance sheet.
Data Section
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 145
 
(8)
Non-deductible consumption taxes are recognized as expenses for the period, except for those related to the purchase of depreciable fixed assets that are not charged to expenses but deferred as Other assets and amortized over a period of five years on a straight-line basis.
Hedge accounting
Under Japanese GAAP, several methodologies are allowed for hedge accounting. Two fundamental approaches are the deferred hedge method and the fair value hedge method. Under the deferred hedge method, gains and losses on changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments are deferred and accounted for as a separate line item of net assets. Under the fair value hedge method, which is allowed only with respect to available-for-sale securities being the hedged items, gains and losses on changes in fair value of the hedging instruments are recognized in earnings together with the corresponding gains and losses of the hedged items attributable to the risks being hedged.
In addition, for certain derivative financial instruments, alternative treatments are permitted under Japanese GAAP. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and hedged by foreign exchange forward contracts or currency swaps can be accounted for by the allocation method. Under this method, the foreign exchange forward contracts and currency swaps used as hedging instruments are not measured at fair value since gains and losses on the derivatives are assumed to be offset with changes in fair value of the corresponding hedged items, and hedged items are translated at the foreign exchange rates that are stipulated in the foreign exchange forward contracts or currency swaps (hedging instruments). Interest rate swaps that qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not remeasured at fair value, but the differentials paid or received under the swap agreements are recognized and included in interest expense or income of the hedged items (the exceptional method).
For certain domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, gains and losses on equity forward contracts used for hedging risks of variability in the fair value of investments in equity securities are accounted for under either the deferred hedge method or the fair value hedge method. Gains and losses on currency swap contracts and certain foreign exchange forward contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency assets are accounted for under the deferred hedge method, the fair value hedge method or the allocation method. Gains and losses on currency swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency bonds issued by MSI are accounted for under the allocation method.
Gains and losses on interest rate swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in interest rates of loans, bonds and borrowings are accounted for under the deferred hedge method or the exceptional method when they meet certain criteria.
Gains and losses on interest rate and currency swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates and interest rates on foreign currency borrowings are accounted for under the integrated method when they meet certain criteria. The integrated method is to hedge foreign currency risks and interest rate risks using the allocation method and the exceptional method, respectively.
Certain overseas consolidated subsidiaries use foreign currency borrowings for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates on investments in subsidiaries. Gains and losses on those financial instruments are accounted for under the deferred hedge method. In addition, certain foreign exchange forward contracts are used for hedging instruments in certain overseas consolidated subsidiaries and those are accounted for under the fair value hedge method.
Hedge effectiveness is assessed quarterly by comparing cumulative fluctuations in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items and hedging instruments for the periods from the respective start dates of the hedges to the assessment dates. When the hedged items and the hedging instruments are highly and clearly interrelated, when the interest rate swap transactions meet the criteria for the application of the exceptional method, or when the interest rate and currency swap contracts meet the criteria for the application of the integrated method, hedge effectiveness is not assessed.
Certain interest rate swap contracts used for the ALM to ensure adequate control of the risks of interest rate variability are accounted for under the deferred hedge method and assessed for hedge effectiveness in accordance with the Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26, “Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of the Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments in the Insurance Industry” (issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants on September 3, 2002). The hedge effectiveness of interest rate swaps used for the ALM is evaluated on a portfolio basis, based on whether upward and downward movements in the value of the hedged items and the hedging instruments offset each other within a certain range, in respect to changes in the interest rates.
146
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
   6. Goodwill
Goodwill is amortized using the straight-line method over its useful life within 20 years. Insignificant amounts of goodwill are charged to expenses as incurred.
7. Cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated statement of cash flows
In preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents constitute cash on hand, readily available deposits and short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities not exceeding three months.
         INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 147
 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
1. The amounts of accumulated depreciation and accelerated depreciation of tangible fixed assets are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
Accumulated depreciation 360,399
Accelerated depreciation 14,331
Note: As permitted under Japanese tax legislation for the purpose of deferral in recognizing taxable income, the acquisition cost of certain qualifying properties is reduced to offset the taxable income that resulted from the sales of assets to be replaced by the acquired assets or receipts of governmental subsidies provided for the acquisition of the new assets. The total amounts deducted from the original acquisition cost of the qualifying properties as of March 31, 2017 and March 31, 2018 were ¥14,331 million and ¥14,255 million, respectively.
Accelerated depreciation deducted from the original acquisition cost due to receipts of governmental subsidies during the year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥11 million.
2. The carrying amounts of equity investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates are as follows:
  March 31, 2018
 367,326
14,255
       March 31, 2018
 17,515
237,385
13,797
   Investments in securities (Domestic stocks) Investments in securities (Foreign securities) Investments in securities (Other securities)
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
15,965 143,840 11,399
  3. The amounts of loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, overdue loans, loans overdue for three months or more, and restructured loans are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy 34 Overdue loans 536 Loans overdue for three months or more 539 Restructured loans 1,633 Total 2,744
Note: Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy represent those, excluding any part of bad debts that have been written off, on which accrued interest receivables are not recognized because repayments of the principal or interest have been overdue for considerable periods and regarded uncollectible (hereinafter, this category is referred to as “Loans not accruing interest”) and which meet the conditions prescribed in Article 96, Section 1-3 or 1-4 of the Corporation Tax Act Enforcement Ordinance (Cabinet Order No. 97, 1965).
Overdue loans represent loans not accruing interest excluding (a) loans to borrowers in bankruptcy and (b) loans that have been granted a grace period for interest payments in order to assist the debtors’ operational restructuring or financial recovery.
Loans overdue for three months or more represent those of which the principal or interest has been past due for three months or more after the contractual due date for repayments of the principal or interest. The loans to borrowers in bankruptcy and overdue loans are excluded from this category.
Restructured loans represent those that have been granted favorable terms for the benefit of the debtors, such as interest exemption or reduction, a grace period for interest payments, a grace period for principal repayments or forgiveness of debts for the purpose of the restructuring of, or support to the debtors in financial difficulty. The loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, overdue loans and loans overdue for three months or more are excluded from this category.
  March 31, 2018
 –
272
473
1,479
 2,225
       4. The amounts of pledged assets and corresponding debt obligations are as follows:
Pledged assets:
Investments in securities Cash, deposits and savings Money trusts
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
285,275 23,873 2,302
  March 31, 2018
 346,777
3,876
2,183
     Note: The amounts in the above table primarily consist of collateral assets required for borrowings included in Other liabilities, for international operations and for Real Time Gross Settlement of the current account with the Bank of Japan.
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
Corresponding debt obligations:
Borrowings 8
  March 31, 2018
 –
      148 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
5. The amounts of investments in securities loaned under securities lending agreements are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
603,759
6. The amounts of assets received as collateral under loan agreements or securities borrowing transactions with cash collateral which the Company has the right to sell or repledge are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
Securities 210,947 Note: All securities in the above table have not been resold or repledged, and are held by the Company and its subsidiaries.
7. The amounts of assets and liabilities in separate accounts under Article 118 of the Insurance Business Act are as follows:
Data Section
  March 31, 2018
 667,614
       March 31, 2018
 168,651
     Yen in millions March 31, 2017
2,553,766
  March 31, 2018
 2,420,333
     8. Guarantees on transactions conducted by a limited partnership entity are as follows:
MSI provides guarantees on transactions conducted by a limited partnership entity. Aggregate net present value of these transactions was ¥192,303 million and ¥130,771 million, respectively in a negative liability position as of March 31, 2017 and March 31, 2018. These amounts were not included in Customers’ liabilities under acceptances and guarantees or Acceptances and guarantees since there was no substantial exposure.
9. The unutilized balances of commitment lines to third parties are as follows:
10. Information on financial instruments
(1) Qualitative information on financial instruments (i) Policy on financial instruments
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
3,633
  March 31, 2018
 5,771
     The Group applies ALM policies to maintain stability of investment returns, safety of assets and sufficient liquidity under an appropriate risk management framework to attain sustainable growth of the net asset value. In addition, the Group is exposed to investment risks such as market risks and credit risks and manages those risks in accordance with the risk management policies of the Group and each group company.
The Group’s cash inflows which mainly arise from insurance operations and investment activities are affected by changes in external environment such as occurrences of natural disasters and changes in financial market conditions. To enhance efficiency of funds operations and strengthen financial capacity under such changing conditions, the Group undertakes to raise funds through the issuance of long-term or short-term corporate bonds or other financing methods as the needs arise.
(ii) Details of financial instruments and associated risks
The Group’s financial assets mainly consist of securities including domestic bonds, domestic stocks and foreign securities, loans and other financial instruments. Risks pertaining to investments include market risks, credit risks, market liquidity risks and other risks. Market risks arise from fluctuations in interest rates, stock prices, foreign exchange rates and other market indicators. Credit risks arise from the deterioration in the financial condition of security issuers and counterparties of loans. Market liquidity risks represent the risks that investment assets are forced to be sold at extremely unfavorable prices under turmoil in the financial markets.
The Group utilizes derivative transactions represented by interest rate swaps, interest rate options, bond future contracts, equity index options, equity index future contracts, equity forward contracts, foreign exchange forward contracts, currency swaps, currency options, and interest rate and currency swaps for the purpose of hedging risks such as fluctuations in interest rates, stock prices and foreign exchange rates. In addition, the Group utilizes credit derivatives and weather derivatives to generate investment returns with consideration given to the associated risks.
For details of derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied, please refer to “Significant Accounting Policies, 5. Accounting policies, (8) Hedge accounting”.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 149
 
(2)
(iv) Supplementary explanation of matters related to the fair value of financial instruments and other information
The fair value of financial instruments is determined based on market prices and, when market prices are not available, based on reasonable estimates. In determining fair value, certain assumptions and methods are used, thus the fair value may differ if alternative assumptions are applied.
Supplementary information on fair value of financial instruments
The following tables summarize the carrying amounts on the consolidated balance sheets and the fair values of financial instruments as of March 31, 2017 and March 31, 2018 together with their differences. The following tables exclude financial instruments in which the fair values are not practically determinable (see Note 2).
150
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Derivative transactions involve risks associated with fluctuations in fair value of derivative financial instruments, risks of non-performance resulting from insolvency of counterparties and market liquidity risks. Derivative transactions utilized by the Group are also exposed to these risks. However, market risks associated with derivative transactions utilized for the purpose of hedging are mitigated, as changes in the fair value of hedged items and hedging instruments offset each other. To mitigate credit risks arising from the non-performance of counterparties, most of the Group’s derivative transactions are executed only with select counterparties of high credit quality and diversified among various counterparties. Furthermore, under Credit Support Annex (CSA), the Group obtains collateral from counterparties.
(iii) Risk management structure related to financial instruments
The Group manages risks in accordance with the basic policy for risk management and internal policies for asset management risks, which stipulate the definition of risks and management method established by the Board of Directors. At major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the trading department is segregated from the back office and risk management departments, and maintains a structure that enables to exercise organizational checks and balances on a daily basis. The risk management department assesses, analyzes and manages risks related to financial instruments by quantifying market and credit risks using the Value-at-Risk (VaR) method and risk limit management based on asset and liability position, and regularly reports the results to the Board of Directors.
a.
b.
c.
Market risk management
The Group maintains and operates a risk management structure taking into account the characteristics of each financial instrument in accordance with its internal policies for market risk management. In addition to monitoring of risk amount by quantifying risks using the VaR method as described above, major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries manage market risks through the assessment of potential risks that cannot be identified using the VaR method, analysis of sensitivity of existing assets to changes in interest rates, stock prices and foreign exchange rates and analysis of concentration and weakness of portfolio.
Credit risk management
The Group maintains and operates a risk management structure in accordance with its internal policies for credit risk management. For securities and derivative transactions at major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the trading and risk management departments manage credit risks of security issuers and derivative counterparties by regularly monitoring the credit information and fair values associated with the investment assets. For loans at MSI, ADI and MSPL, the trading and risk management departments maintain a credit risk management structure through credit screening, setting internal credit ratings and credit limits, managing credit information, requiring collaterals and guarantees where necessary, and resolving delinquent loans on an individual loan basis.
Liquidity risk management
The Group maintains and operates a funding and market liquidity risk management structure in accordance with internal policies for liquidity risk management. The Group’s treasury management classifies funding needs into “ordinary” and “emergency” depending on the urgency level and oversees operation and management for the liquidity in each level, which gives the foremost consideration to the liquidity risk. The treasury management also ensures the diversification of fundraising activities to secure and maintain liquidity in various environments. The Group manages funding liquidity risks by holding a sufficient amount of cash, savings and deposits, and highly liquid securities such as government bonds, and regularly monitoring their aggregate amounts in case of unexpected events like catastrophes and the deterioration of funding liquidity arising from turmoil in the financial markets.

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
March 31, 2017 Carrying amount
(i) Cash, deposits and savings 1,419,267
(ii) Call loans 15,000
(iii) Receivables under resale agreements 6,999
(iv) Receivables under securities borrowing transactions 285,455
(v) Monetary claims bought 111,320
(vi) Money trusts 971,119
(vii) Investments in securities:
Trading securities 3,188,376 Held-to-maturity securities 1,032,755 Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves 1,697,252 Available-for-sale securities 9,071,223
(viii) Loans 886,316 Bad debt reserve (*1) (347)
885,969
Total assets 18,684,739
Bonds issued 456,191
Total liabilities 456,191
Derivative transactions (*2):
Hedge accounting not applied 19,113 Hedge accounting applied 23,924
Total derivative transactions 43,038
(*1) Bad debt reserve for loans is deducted from the carrying amount.
(*2) Derivative assets and liabilities included in Other assets and Other liabilities, are presented on a net basis. Debits and credits
Yen in millions
Fair value Difference
1,419,683 415 15,000 – 6,999 – 285,455 – 111,320 – 971,119 –
3,188,376 – 1,223,936 191,181 1,721,469 24,216 9,071,223 –
894,888 8,918
18,909,472 224,732
476,218 20,027
476,218 20,027
19,113 – 23,924 –
43,038 –
arising from derivative transactions are netted. Yen in millions
Fair value Difference
Data Section
          March 31, 2018
(i) Cash, deposits and savings
(ii) Call loans
(iii) Receivables under resale agreements
(iv) Receivables under securities borrowing transactions
(v) Monetary claims bought
(vi) Money trusts
(vii) Investments in securities:
Trading securities
Held-to-maturity securities
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves Available-for-sale securities
(viii) Loans
Bad debt reserve (*1)
Total assets
Bonds issued
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*2):
Hedge accounting not applied
Hedge accounting applied
Total derivative transactions
Carrying amount
  1,481,694
 1,482,317
 622
–
–
–
6,999
6,999
–
309,644
309,644
–
140,133
140,133
–
1,043,506
1,043,506
–
3,161,390
3,161,390
–
1,046,667
1,249,687
203,019
2,068,105
2,113,846
45,741
9,471,689
9,471,689
–
892,599
(138)
   892,460
 902,594
 10,133
 19,622,293
19,881,809
259,516
 558,191
  579,472
  21,281
 558,191
579,472
21,281
   21,556
21,556
–
18,689
 18,689
 –
 40,246
 40,246
 –
         (*1) Bad debt reserve for loans is deducted from the carrying amount.
(*2) Derivative assets and liabilities included in Other assets and Other liabilities, are presented on a net basis. Debits and credits
arising from derivative transactions are netted.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 151
 
(Note 1) Determination of fair value of financial instruments  Assets
(i) Cash, deposits and savings
With regard to deposits and savings, the fair value is measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at interest rates applicable to the same type of new deposits and savings based on duration. With regard to deposits and savings without fixed maturities and short-term deposits and savings, the book value is deemed as the fair value due to their demand feature or short term duration.
(ii) Call loans
With regard to Call loans, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period.
(iii) Receivables under resale agreements
With regard to Receivables under resale agreements, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period.
(iv) Receivables under securities borrowing transactions
With regard to Receivables under securities borrowing transactions, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period.
(v) Monetary claims bought
With regard to commercial papers (CP), the price quoted by counterparty financial institutions is deemed as the fair value. With regard to certain CP, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period. With regard to Monetary claims bought other than CP, the price quoted by counterparty financial institutions is deemed as the fair value.
(vi) Money trusts
With regard to Money trusts, the price quoted by trustees is deemed as the fair value.
(vii) Investments in securities
The fair value of equity securities is determined based on the quoted market price, while the fair value of bonds is determined based on the price quoted by exchanges, independent price venders or counterparty financial institutions.
(viii) Loans
With regard to floating rate loans, the book value approximates the fair value contingent on no significant changes in the credit conditions of the debtor, because the floating rates on the loans reflect market interest rates. With regard to fixed rate loans, for loans sorted by type, term and credit rating, the fair value is based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at market interest rates, such as yields on government bonds, plus a credit spread. The fair value of certain personal loans is determined at the net present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at interest rates applicable to the same type of new loans.
With regard to policy loans that do not have contractual maturities, as the loan amount is limited to the surrender value, the carrying amount approximates the fair value, considering their estimated repayment periods and interest rates.
With regard to loans to debtors that are legally or substantially bankrupt and loans to doubtful debtors, the carrying amount less bad debt reserve is deemed as the fair value, because the bad debt reserve is determined based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows or the value of the collateral and the amount collectible through guarantees.
Liabilities
Bonds issued
With regard to Bonds issued, the fair value is determined based on “Reference Statistical Prices for OTC Bond Transactions” published by the Japan Securities Dealers Association or prices quoted by counterparty financial institutions.
Derivative transactions
With regard to derivative transactions, the fair value is determined based on published forward exchange rates, closing prices at major exchanges, prices quoted by counterparty financial institutions or prices calculated by the option pricing model.
 152 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
(Note 2) The carrying amounts of financial instruments in which the fair values are not practically determinable, which are not included in “(vii) Investments in securities” above, are as follows:
Data Section
  March 31, 2018
 268,698
83,108
22,093
31,213
 405,114
   Unlisted stocks and other assets invested in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates Other unlisted stocks
Unlisted investment trusts
Partnership investments comprised of unlisted stocks
Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
171,204 84,285 12,651 45,354
313,495
    The fair value of the financial instruments in the above table is not disclosed because their fair value is not practically determinable due to lack of marketability and difficulties in reasonably estimating future cash flows.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 153
 
(Note 3) Maturity analysis of monetary assets and securities with fixed maturities
Yen in millions
 March 31, 2017
Cash, deposits and savings
Call loans
Receivables under resale agreements
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Monetary claims bought
Investments in securities: Held-to-maturity securities
Government bonds
Corporate bonds
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Available-for-sale securities with fixed maturities: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
Foreign securities Loans (*)
Within 1 year
1,406,219 15,000 6,999 285,455 92,927
– 7,007
–
– 5,400 127
124,604 8,084 170,348 73,553 91,763
Over 1 to 5 years
12,871 –
– – –
– 14,500
– 400 12,800 35,422
689,350 54,200 607,913 475,380 256,513
2,159,352
Over 5 to 10 years
74 – – – –
100,200 23,502
–
– 600 1,197,382
670,230 84,344 407,042 885,155 348,725
3,717,256
Over 10 years
0 –
–
– 17,158
778,000 88,400
202,900 5,500 61,750 144,306
934,464 91,700 120,055 116,062 122,403
2,682,700
  Total 2,287,489
(*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥692 million of loans in which repayments cannot bankrupt and ¥66,690 million of loans without fixed maturities.
be expected since the debtors are legally bankrupt, substantially bankrupt or likely to go Yen in millions
  March 31, 2018
Cash, deposits and savings
Call loans
Receivables under resale agreements
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Monetary claims bought
Investments in securities: Held-to-maturity securities:
Government bonds
Corporate bonds
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Available-for-sale securities with fixed maturities: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
Foreign securities Loans (*)
Total
Within 1 year
Over 1 to 5 years
Over 5 to 10 years
Over 10 years
  1,463,957
 17,664
–
  0
–
–
–
–
6,999
–
–
–
309,644
–
–
–
126,538
–
–
12,748
–
–
119,900
780,400
5,200
9,300
28,002
84,100
–
–
–
395,400
–
400
–
6,600
6,100
9,433
1,550
82,400
921
112,195
1,289,977
145,228
123,716
788,304
438,420
936,104
7,917
55,293
112,024
85,450
157,786
696,269
418,208
76,075
71,956
499,074
893,919
182,249
80,331
 288,305
 341,592
 114,612
 2,361,070
 2,476,240
 3,643,595
 2,901,368
    (*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥365 million of loans in which repayments cannot bankrupt, and ¥67,710 million of loans without fixed maturities.
be expected since the debtors are legally bankrupt, substantially bankrupt or likely to go
154 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
(Note 4) Maturity analysis of bonds issued
March 31, 2017
Bonds issued
Total
March 31, 2018
Bonds issued Total
Yen in millions
Data Section
 Within 1 year –
–
Within 1 year
Over 1 to 2 years
– –
– –
Over 3 to 4 years –
–
Over 4 to 5 years –
–
Over 4 to 5 years
Over 5 years
456,191
456,191
Over 5 years
Over 2 to 3 years
   Yen in millions
 Over 1 to 2 years
Over 2 to 3 years Over 3 to 4 years
 –
 –
 –
 –
  22,000
 536,191
–
  –
  –
  –
   22,000
  536,191
    11. Certain consolidated subsidiaries own investment properties in Tokyo and other areas. The carrying amounts, changes in carrying amounts and fair value of the investment properties are as follows:
  March 31, 2018
 75,405
 136,583
   Carrying amount
Fair value
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
80,378 138,665
    Notes:
1. Carrying amount represents the acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation.
2. Fair value is primarily determined based on the appraisal values provided by qualified external appraisers. With respect to the properties with no substantial changes in their appraisal values or
indices that were considered to appropriately reflect market prices since most recent appraisal dates, the fair value is determined based on these appraisal values or the values adjusted by the relevant indices.
12. Business combination
(Business combination through acquisition)
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, acquired shares of First Capital Insurance Limited (“FC”). FC is the largest non-life insurance company in Singapore and was affiliated with Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (“Fairfax”), a leading insurance and financial services group in Canada. As a result of this acquisition, FC became a subsidiary of MSI and was renamed to MS First Capital Insurance Limited (“MSFC”).
(1) Overview of business combination
(i) Name and business description of acquired company Name of acquired company: First Capital Insurance Limited
Description of business: Non-life insurance business
(ii) Primary reasons for business combination
With the acquisition of FC, MSI aims to achieve high growth and enhance profitability in Singapore market, maintain and develop its leading position in the ASEAN market, and realize further growth in the global market through its partnership with Fairfax.
(iii) Date of business combination
December 28, 2017 (deemed date of acquisition: December 31, 2017)
(iv) Legal form of business combination Acquisition of shares
(v) Name of acquired company after the business combination MS First Capital Insurance Limited
(vi) Percentage share of voting rights acquired 97.7%
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 155
 
(vii) Primary reasons for determination of controlling company
MSI is the controlling entity, as MSI acquired 97.7% of the voting rights of FC.
(2) Period of the acquired company’s financial results included in the consolidated financial statements
The acquired company’s fiscal year end is December 31 and the intervening period does not exceed three months from the Company’s fiscal year end, therefore the Company uses the financial statements of the acquired company as of December 31, 2017 for consolidation purposes. The acquired company’s financial results are not included in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended March 31, 2018, because the deemed acquisition date was December 31, 2017 and only the balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 is consolidated.
(3) Acquisition cost and breakdown by class of consideration
Consideration for acquisition Total acquisition cost
(4) Description and amount of major acquisition-related costs Advisory fee and others ¥1,057 million
(5) Amount and source of goodwill and amortization method and period
(i) Amount of goodwill
SGD 901 million
(ii) Source of goodwill
SGD in millions Cash 2,214
2,214
      The investment amount under the share acquisition agreement exceeded the net amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. (iii) Amortization method and period
The goodwill is to be amortized using the straight-line method over 20 years.
(6) Amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the acquisition date and their major components
Cash, deposits and savings Intangible fixed assets Other assets
Total assets Policy liabilities
Other liabilities
Total liabilities
SGD in millions 1,177
679
901 2,757 1,090 336 1,426
          (7)
Details of contingent consideration specified in the agreement of business combination and accounting policy after the completion of business combination during the current fiscal year
156
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
(i)
(ii)
Details of contingent consideration
As per the business combination agreement, the contingent consideration for the acquisition will be increased or decreased based on the revaluation at some point in the future in relation to the acquired company’s insurance liabilities at the date of the business combination.
Accounting policy after the completion of business combination during the current fiscal year
If there is increase or decrease in the consideration for acquisition, the acquisition price as well as amount of goodwill and amortization of goodwill are adjusted accordingly.

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
13. The amounts of net assets per share are as follows:
Net assets per share (in Yen)
Stock acquisition rights deducted from net assets (in Yen million) Non-controlling interests deducted from net assets (in Yen million) Outstanding common shares (in thousands)
14. Significant subsequent events
March 31, 2017 4,572.82 307 25,147 592,407
Data Section
  March 31, 2018
 4,964.64
566
26,709
592,411
     Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”), a subsidiary of the Company, reached an agreement with Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Limited (“CMLA”), a life insurance subsidiary of a leading Australian bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, on May 22, 2018, to purchase from CMLA 37.5% shares in BoCommLife Insurance Company Limited, a China-based subsidiary of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. (“BoComm”).
(1) Objectives of the investment
MSI aims to enhance profitability and achieve further risk diversification by entering into China’s life insurance market; secure strong business base in the country’s life insurance market by partnering with BoComm (one of the major five Chinese banks); and develop a strong, stable and lasting bancassurance channel.
(2) Name of the counterparty of the share acquisition Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Limited
(3) Name, business and size of the company whose shares are acquired
Company name: BoCommLife Insurance Company Limited
Business: Life insurance business
Company size as at the end of December 2017: Total assets RMB 33,256 million
(4) Investment amount and shareholding ratio after the acquisition Investment amount: RMB 4.325 billion
Shareholding ratio after the acquisition: 37.5%
(5) Scheduled date of the share acquisition
Subject to the receipt of approvals from the relevant authorities, etc.
(6) Source of fund
Cash on hand held by MSI
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 157
 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
1. The amounts of gains/(losses) on derivative transactions to reduce the currency risks of foreign currency reinsurance transactions, included in other underwriting income/(expenses), are as follows:
  For the year ended March 31, 2018
 (1,881)
     2.
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2017
3
The amounts of foreign exchange gains/(losses) included in other investment income/(expenses) are as follows:
  For the year ended March 31, 2018
 (118,752)
     3. Major components of business expenses are as follows:
Commission expenses
Salaries
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2017
36,938
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2017
659,449 301,507
  For the year ended March 31, 2018
 661,080
310,320
     Note: Business expenses represent the aggregate amount of Loss adjustment expenses, Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, and Commissions and collection
expenses presented in the consolidated statements of income.
4. Impairment losses recognized on fixed assets are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2017 Use
Investment properties
Idle real estate and real estate for sale
Other
Category
Land and buildings
Land and buildings
Other intangible fixed assets
Yen in millions
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Breakdown
Land 2 Buildings 1
Land 788 Buildings 1,971
    Description
4 properties, including a building for rent in 4 Saitama
35 properties, including an office building in 2,925 Aichi
Software related to insurance business 2,582 operations held by overseas consolidated
subsidiaries
Other
166 – –
             Fixed assets used for the insurance business operations are grouped as a single asset group by each consolidated insurance company. Other assets such as investment properties, idle assets and assets for sale are grouped on an individual basis.
Fixed assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as a significant decline in the value of the asset (asset group) or a change in the intended use of the asset, indicate that the carrying amount of the asset (asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is measured by the amount in which the carrying amount of the asset (asset group) exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of 1) the sum of discounted cash flows from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset (asset group) and 2) the net sales value at disposition.
As the land and buildings in the above table were to be disposed in the near future, the aggregate difference between the carrying amounts of the assets and recoverable amounts was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses. The recoverable amounts of these assets represent their net sales value, which are determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers.
For the other intangible fixed assets, the portion of carrying amounts of the software being developed by overseas consolidated subsidiaries, which there is no definite plan to use with at present, is recognized as impairment losses.
158 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
For the year ended March 31, 2018
Use
Fixed assets used for insurance business operations
Investment properties
Idle real estate and real estate for sale and others
Other (idle assets)
–
Category
Buildings, other tangible fixed assets and software
Land and buildings
Land and buildings
Software and others
Software, goodwill and other intangible fixed assets
Description
Software and others held by domestic consolidated subsidiary (au Insurance Company Limited)
6 properties, including a building for rent in Chiba
25 properties, including an office building in Tokyo
Software and others held by overseas consolidated subsidiaries
Goodwill and others related to telematics automobile insurance business operations in the UK
Yen in millions
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Breakdown
Data Section
       1,094
 Buildings Other tangible fixed assets Software
 42
89 962
 186
  Land Buildings
  43 142
 1,792
Land Buildings
597 1,195
 1,163
  Other tangible fixed assets Software
  291 872
 10,487
 Software Goodwill
Other intangible fixed assets
 1,534 5,677
3,276
       Fixed assets used for the insurance business operations are grouped as a single asset group by each consolidated insurance company. Other assets such as investment properties, idle assets and assets for sale are grouped on an individual basis.
For fixed assets used for the insurance business operations, the entire carrying amount is recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses because income from business operations of au Insurance Company Limited, a domestic consolidated subsidiary of the Company, has continuously shown negative amount indicating that the carrying amount of the relevant asset (asset group) may not be recoverable.
As the investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale in the above table were to be disposed in the near future or determined to be torn down, the aggregate difference between the carrying amounts of the assets and recoverable amounts was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses.
The recoverable amounts of assets to be disposed represent their net sales value, which are determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers, while the recoverable amounts of assets determined to be torn down represent their residual value.
For other idle assets, the portion of carrying amounts of the software being held by overseas consolidated subsidiaries, which there is no definite plan to use with, is recognized as impairment losses.
During the review of the Company’s business plan, an impairment test was conducted for goodwill related to telematics automobile insurance business operations in the UK. As a result of the test, the aggregate difference between the carrying amounts of the assets and recoverable amounts was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses. The recoverable amounts are measured by value in use, determined by discounting the future cash flows at 10.5%.
5. Details of Other extraordinary losses are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2017
Other extraordinary losses represent costs for reorganization by function such as system development costs recognized at domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries of the Company in the amount of ¥26,337 million (including a provision for reserve for reorganization by function of ¥22,097 million) and costs for reorganization recognized at overseas consolidated subsidiaries in the amount of ¥5,319 million.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 159
 
6. The amounts of net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share are as follows:
 For the year ended March 31, 2018
 260.04
 259.98
   Basic net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share (in Yen) Diluted net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share (in Yen) Note: The basis of calculation is as follows:
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent (Yen in millions) Average outstanding common stock during the year (in thousands of shares)
Increase in number of common stock used for calculation of diluted net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent (in thousands of shares)
For the year ended March 31, 2017
350.94 350.90
For the year ended March 31, 2017
210,447 599,655 74
     For the year ended March 31, 2018
 154,057
592,418
147
     160 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
1. Reclassification adjustments and income tax effects of other comprehensive income/(loss)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments
Income tax effects
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments: Gains/(losses) arising during the period
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments: Gains/(losses) arising during the period
Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments Total other comprehensive income/(loss)
Yen in millions 2017
114,896 (80,311)
34,585 (920)
33,664
(13,289) (5,208) (18,498)
1,857 (16,640)
(114,654)
(4,129) 3,786
(343)
(730) (1,073)
3,337 (2,039) 1,298
(97,405)
Data Section
  2018
 317,048
(141,917)
 175,131
(51,449)
 123,681
 833
(5,368)
 (4,535)
1,218
 (3,316)
 23,348
 7,923
4,091
 12,014
(3,290)
 8,723
 6,063
(1,288)
 4,775
 157,211
                              INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 161
 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS
For the year ended March 31, 2017
1. Type and number of issued stock and treasury stock
Issued stock: Common stock
Total
Treasury stock: Common stock
Total
Beginning balance
633,291
633,291
29,618
29,618
in thousands of shares
Increase Decrease
– – – –
11,265 0
11,265 0
Ending balance
633,291
633,291
40,884
40,884
      Notes:
1. The increase in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 11,265 thousand shares, as a result of open market repurchases of 11,250 thousand shares and repurchases of
14 thousand fractional shares.
2. The decrease in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 0 thousand shares, as a result of sales of fractional stock.
2. Stock acquisition rights
 Category Filer
Total
Breakdown
Stock acquisition rights as stock options
Yen in millions Ending balance 307 307
Effective date
June 23, 2016
December 6, 2016
Effective date
June 27, 2017
         3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting held on June 22, 2016
Board meeting held on November 18, 2016
Type of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Aggregate amount of Dividends per share dividends
(Yen in millions) (in Yen)
33,202 55
30,021 50
Date of record
March 31, 2016
September 30, 2016
   Note:Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
(2) Dividends declared effective after March 31, 2017 for which the date of record is in the year ended March 31, 2017
Aggregate amount of dividends Resolution Type of shares (Yen in millions)
General shareholders’ meeting to be Common stock 41,468 held on June 26, 2017
Note:Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Dividends per share (in Yen)
70
Date of record
March 31, 2017
  162 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
For the year ended March 31, 2018
1. Type and number of issued stock and treasury stock
Issued stock: Common stock
Total Treasury stock:
Common stock Total
in thousands of shares
Data Section
 Beginning balance
Increase
Decrease
Ending balance
     633,291
 –
 40,000
 593,291
 633,291
–
40,000
593,291
    40,884
 19
 40,022
 880
 40,884
 19
 40,022
 880
      Notes:
1. The decrease in the number of issued common stock during the year was 40,000 thousand shares, as a result of the cancellation of treasury stock.
2. The increase in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 19 thousand shares, as a result of the repurchase of fractional stock.
3. The decrease in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 40,022 thousand shares, as a result of the cancellation of treasury stock of 40,000 thousand shares, exercise of
stock acquisition rights of 21 thousand shares, and sales of 0 thousand fractional shares.
2. Stock acquisition rights
Category Filer
Total
3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting held on June 26, 2017
Board meeting held on November 17, 2017
Type of shares
Breakdown
Aggregate amount of dividends (Yen in millions)
Dividends per share (in Yen)
Date of record
Yen in millions Ending balance
Effective date
Effective date
   Stock acquisition rights as stock options
 566
   566
      Common stock
 41,468
 70
 March 31, 2017
 June 27, 2017
 Common stock
  38,507
  65
  September 30, 2017
  December 5, 2017
    Note:Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
(2) Dividends declared effective after March 31, 2018 for which the date of record is in the year ended March 31, 2018
Aggregate amount of dividends Resolution Type of shares (Yen in millions)
General shareholders’ meeting to be held on June 25, 2018
Note:Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends. 4. Put options granted to non-controlling interests
Source of dividends
Dividends per share (in Yen)
Date of record
  Common stock
  38,506
  Retained earnings
  65
  March 31, 2018
  June 26, 2018
   Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe Limited granted put options for shares of Box Innovation Group Limited (“BIG”), its consolidated subsidiary, to its non-controlling shareholders. The changes in the redemption value of such options were recognized as increase/decrease in Capital surplus.
5. Adjustments of retained earnings pertaining to the US tax reform
The consolidated subsidiaries of the Company located in the United States adopted ASU 2018-02 Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. The effect of the decrease in the US federal corporate income tax rate resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for the year ended March 31, 2018.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 163
 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
1. Reconciliation of balance sheet items to cash and cash equivalents
Cash, deposits and savings
Call loans
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Investments in securities
Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months Monetary claims bought other than cash equivalents Investments in securities other than cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
Yen in millions 2017
1,419,267 15,000 6,999 111,320 15,303,103
(161,987) (61,279) (15,216,521)
1,415,903
  2018
 1,481,694
–
6,999
140,133
16,152,966
(253,539)
(94,551)
(16,110,197)
 1,323,506
        2. Major components of assets and liabilities of newly consolidated subsidiaries due to acquisition of shares
For the year ended March 31, 2018
MSFC has been included in the scope of consolidation due to acquisition of shares. The components of assets and liabilities at the acquisition date, the acquisition cost of MSFC’s shares and net consideration paid for acquisition of MSFC are as follows:
  Cash, deposits and savings Intangible fixed assets Other assets
Goodwill
Policy liabilities
Other liabilities
Total liabilities
Foreign currency translation adjustments Non-controlling interests
Acquisition cost of MSFC’s shares
Less: Cash and cash equivalents held at MSFC Net consideration paid for acquisition of MSFC
3. Cash flows from investing activities include those from investments made as part of the insurance business.
Yen in millions 99,525 57,394 76,084
233,003 76,149
(92,155)
(28,352) (120,507) (2,519) (2,576)
183,549 99,525 84,024
        164 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Independent Auditor’s Report
Data Section
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 165
 
Summary of Business Results of Main Consolidated Subsidiaries MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
 Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets:
Premiums receivable
Due from agencies
Co-insurance accounts receivable
Reinsurance accounts receivable
Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable
Agency business accounts receivable
Other receivables
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Deposits with the Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company Suspense payments
Initial margins for future transactions
Derivative financial instruments
Cash collateral pledged under derivative transactions
Other assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
  March 31, 2018
 ¥ 421,714
76
421,638
6,999
13,598
3,728
5,635,635
1,192,826
88,038
524,990
1,937,182
1,854,804
37,792
393,362
7,133
386,228
205,648
76,499
117,734
569
10,846
45,317
13,726
31,591
328,137
4,122
120,062
7,407
53,454
26,634
534
41,300
6,059
10,293
6,457
35,327
316
15,052
326
784
47,243
(3,169)
 ¥7,098,216
    ¥
389,027 81 388,945 6,999 20,393 3,500 5,294,691 1,263,321 88,898 495,736 1,806,870 1,604,888 34,974 418,146 7,672 410,474 210,723 77,391 122,668 390 10,272 40,105 21,902 18,203 352,144 3,330 117,841 9,257 56,073 37,979 619 38,881 6,228 10,565 6,019 38,488 – 25,651 300 907 45,520
(4,175) ¥6,777,076
    166 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 
 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
   March 31, 2018
 ¥3,893,910
641,711
3,252,198
386,191
507,840
11,571
55,662
22,483
12
196,767
48,653
61,793
34
44,734
22,259
2,557
34,218
1,372
3,862
1,858
139,476
516
10,145
2,261
71,813
71,813
161,817
47,243
 5,221,215
 139,595
93,107
93,107
589,634
46,487
543,146
15,503
527,643
822,337
1,022,583
32,079
1,054,662
 1,877,000
 ¥7,098,216
    Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued Other liabilities:
Co-insurance accounts payable Reinsurance accounts payable Foreign reinsurance accounts payable Agency business accounts payable Borrowings
Income taxes payable
Deposits received
Unearned income
Other payables
Suspense receipts
Derivative financial instruments
Cash collateral received under derivative transactions Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for reorganization by function Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees Total liabilities
(Net assets)
Common stock
Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Tax-exempted reserve for accelerated depreciation
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
¥3,960,687 643,446 3,317,241 256,191 515,281 11,120 63,397 28,144 12 196,767 39,277 32,469 31 48,854 23,286 1,649 62,168 1,399 3,831 2,869 136,186 612 10,453 3,015 67,801 67,801 136,275 45,520 5,132,025
139,595 93,107 93,107
443,975 46,487 397,487 15,840 381,647 676,678 932,995 35,377 968,372 1,645,050 ¥6,777,076
            INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 167

MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income: Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposit premiums from policyholders
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Reversal of outstanding claims
Reversal of underwriting reserves
Other underwriting income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income
Investment gains on money trusts
Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Gains on derivative transactions
Other investment income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses: Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Foreign exchange losses
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense Provision for bad debts Losses on bad debts Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:  Provision for reserve for price fluctuation Other extraordinary losses
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income
Yen
Year ended March 31, 2017
¥1,772,858 1,609,647 1,470,122
70,040 35,508 6,283 27,649 44 159,029 116,792 517 71,738 304 4,405 780
(35,508) 4,181
1,557,316 1,319,905 811,476 87,834 251,720 167,151 466 736 519 11,968 9 4,469 497 447 1,624 4,920 217,601 7,840 6,325 1,160 9 345
215,542
1,379 1,379
8,479 700 489 3,667 3,667 3,621
208,442 56,972
(13,098) 43,874
164,568
in millions
            ¥
Year ended March 31, 2018
¥1,859,915 1,654,780 1,494,362
60,092 33,443 1,734 65,042 104 199,914 105,107 239 122,213 592 4,564 640
(33,443) 5,220
1,597,363 1,357,678 836,385 87,345 259,174 173,672 244 470 385 9,391 – 3,360 1,031 237 1,869 2,892 222,577 7,714 6,721 – 1 991
262,552
7,207 7,207
5,636 763 860 4,011 4,011 –
264,123 73,452
(7,566) 65,885
198,237
¥
 168 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
Insurance companies running their business in Japan calculate the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio pursuant to the provisions of Articles 86 and 87 of the Insurance Business Act Enforcement Regulations and Public Notice No. 50 issued by the Ministry of Finance in 1996.
While insurance companies set aside reserves to provide for payments of insurance claims should an insured event occur, they are also required to maintain sufficient funds to pay out in an event outside the normal range of estimates such as a major catastrophe and a significant drop in the value of their assets.
The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio, or item (C) in each of the tables below, which is calculated in accordance with the Insurance Business Act, is the ratio of “solvency margin of insurance companies calculated based on their capital and other reserves”, or (A) the total amount of solvency margin, to “risks exceeding the normal range of estimates”, or (B) the total amount of risks.
The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio is one of the objective indicators used by the insurance regulatory authorities to supervise insurance companies. A non-consolidated solvency margin ratio of 200% or over indicates adequate ability to satisfy insurance claims and other payment requirements.
 March 31, 2018
 ¥3,293,687
769,056
71,813
–
552,914
156
1,276,455
50,064
–
386,191
–
6,642
193,676
 939,444
128,268
–
15,571
771,448
20,731
121,308
 701.1%
     (A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B)×1/2}] × 100
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
¥2,840,438 639,997 67,801 589 536,735 156
1,164,861
45,296 – 256,191 – 14,646 143,455 863,472 125,601 – 16,637 696,215 19,178 120,461
657.9%
Data Section
  (B) Total amount of risks
√(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 169
 
AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Call loans
Money trusts Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Lease assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets:
Premiums receivable
Due from agencies
Due from foreign agencies
Co-insurance accounts receivable
Reinsurance accounts receivable
Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable
Agency business accounts receivable
Other receivables
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Deposits with the Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company Suspense payments
Derivative financial instruments
Prepaid pension expenses
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
  March 31, 2018
 ¥ 165,103
20
165,083
–
2,383
2,597,124
640,924
21,152
263,257
922,714
684,083
64,991
200,051
3,063
196,987
171,168
75,219
84,234
14
1,484
10,216
27,524
9,325
18,199
296,367
2,416
78,533
931
3,379
53,568
72,006
70
38,706
7,086
6,821
4,228
24,122
4,496
23,672
–
4,500
(1,226)
 ¥3,486,669
    ¥
172,323 21 172,302 15,000 2,502 2,577,087 670,598 20,726 279,472 843,368 707,044 55,876 210,917 3,384 207,533 174,597 76,916 86,506 29 1,187 9,957 19,679 14,633 5,045 276,730 2,639 79,671 800 3,813 54,357 49,319 65 40,227 7,916 7,061 3,961 23,333 3,563 27,150 16,329 7,530
(1,584) ¥3,498,264
    170 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Data Section
  March 31, 2018
 ¥2,483,038
572,979
1,910,058
22,000
159,007
3,245
49,207
36,314
1,550
–
17,450
3,049
13
28,407
18,014
911
14
829
0
26,891
5,859
1,527
1,688
1,688
1,090
4,500
 2,705,604
 100,005
81,207
52,593
28,614
172,552
47,411
125,141
125,141
353,765
427,298
427,298
 781,064
 ¥3,486,669
  Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued Other liabilities:
Co-insurance accounts payable Reinsurance accounts payable Foreign reinsurance accounts payable Agency business accounts payable Borrowings
Income taxes payable Deposits received
Unearned income
Other payables
Suspense receipts
Derivative financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for reorganization by function Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees Total liabilities
(Net assets)
Common stock
Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Other capital surplus
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
¥2,425,101 526,764 1,898,337 50,000 154,423 3,966 57,124 21,389 1,478 8 17,290 2,888 18 26,495 18,807 4,264 30 661 0 22,840 5,919 2,288 37,114 37,114 – 7,530 2,705,218
100,005 81,207 52,593 28,614
237,071 47,411 189,660 189,660 418,284 374,762 374,762 793,046 ¥3,498,264
            INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 171
 
AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income: Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposit premiums from policyholders
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Other underwriting income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income
Investment gains on money trusts
Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Other investment income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income Ordinary expenses:
Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Foreign exchange losses
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivative transactions Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense Provision for bad debts Losses on bad debts Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Reversal of reserves under the special laws:
Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation Losses on reduction of tangible fixed assets Other extraordinary losses
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income
Yen
Year ended March 31, 2017
¥1,304,987 1,246,626 1,200,525
28,506 17,365 228 52,058 55,409 1 13,349 425 238
(17,365) 6,302
1,229,799 1,026,167 648,618 60,829 223,848 69,648 59 15,205 5,077 1,562 1,318 14,439 4,298 4,919 370 4,102 125 622 186,846 2,345 755 295 0 1,294
75,188
2,644 2,644 – –
11,015 1,922 5,709
589 589 – 2,795
66,816 17,097
(672) 16,425
50,391
in millions
                  ¥
Year ended March 31, 2018
¥1,335,258 1,265,331 1,222,017
26,278 16,728 307 61,019 58,498 2 18,718 462 66
(16,728) 8,906
1,329,641 1,087,152 660,699 62,886 234,977 67,427 38 46,214 11,721 10 3,175 57,877 3,189 49,040 499 3,572 507 1,067 182,720 1,891 571 – 0 1,319
5,616
37,778 2,352 35,425 35,425
6,599 4,609 1,979
–
– 11 –
36,794
24,465 (3,291)
21,173
15,620
¥
  172 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
¥1,332,714 398,099 37,114 747 318,711 296
455,477
14,099 – 50,000 – 10,743 68,911 312,981 103,370 – 8,387 221,083 7,728 53,574
851.6%
Data Section
  March 31, 2018
 ¥1,268,359
324,431
1,688
747
347,678
199
521,401
18,026
–
17,600
–
3,824
40,411
 323,538
105,821
–
7,831
229,683
7,977
55,539
 784.0%
      √(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
(B) Total amount of risks
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 173
 
MITSUI DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Yen
in millions
    Items March 31, 2017
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings: ¥12,180
Deposits in banks 12,180 Investments in securities: 39,510 Government bonds 1,865 Municipal bonds 21,537 Corporate bonds 16,107 Tangible fixed assets: 367 Buildings 56 Other tangible fixed assets 310 Intangible fixed assets: 2,307 Software 2,217 Other intangible fixed assets 89 Other assets: 5,625 Premiums receivable 0 Other receivables 3,330 Accrued income 58 Guarantee deposits 352 Suspense payments 1,880 Other assets 2
March 31, 2018
¥18,067 18,067 33,621
1,656 21,136 10,828
377 50 327 3,307 2,207 1,100 6,124 0 3,756 52 352 1,961 1
(9)
¥61,489
45,870 24,796 21,073
1,422 1 224 1,171 7 17 104 263 63 63 93
47,819
39,106 9,006 9,006
(34,492) (34,492) (34,492) 13,619
50 50
13,670
  Bad debt reserve (4)
Total assets ¥59,987
(Liabilities)
Policy liabilities: 44,851
Outstanding claims 24,157
Underwriting reserves 20,693 Other liabilities: 1,254 Reinsurance accounts payable 1 Income taxes payable 119 Other payables 1,101 Suspense receipts 14 Asset retirement obligations 17 Reserve for pension and retirement benefits 52 Accrued bonuses for employees 262 Reserves under the special laws: 56 Reserve for price fluctuation 56 Deferred tax liabilities 119
Total liabilities 46,596
(Net assets)
Common stock 39,106 Capital surplus: 9,006
Additional paid-in capital 9,006 Retained earnings: (34,820) Other retained earnings: (34,820) Retained earnings brought forward (34,820)
Total shareholders' equity 13,291 Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities 99 Total valuation and translation adjustments 99
Total net assets 13,390
Total liabilities and net assets ¥59,987
¥61,489
              174 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income:
Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income
Gains on sales of securities
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income Ordinary expenses:
Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves
Investment expenses:
Losses on sales of securities
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Provision for bad debts
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit/(loss) Extraordinary income Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Income /(loss) before taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income/(loss)
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
(prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Yen in millions Year ended March 31, 2017
¥37,753 37,670 37,653
17 73 89
0 (17) 9
38,708 30,627 25,745
2,822 254 1,178 627 – – 8,047 33 2 30
(955) –
12 4 7 7
(967) 14 22 36
¥(1,004)
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
¥14,705 13,291 56 0 1,231 1
124
– – – – – –
6,817 6,227 – 0 912 223 300 431.4%
Data Section
  Year ended March 31, 2018
 ¥37,965
37,892
37,873
18
59
73
4
(18)
14
 37,514
28,948
24,823
2,825
280
638
380
0
0
8,556
8
5
2
 451
 –
 6
0
6
6
 445
123
(6)
117
 ¥ 328
                    March 31, 2018
 ¥14,992
13,619
63
0
1,242
3
63
–
–
–
–
–
–
 6,553
5,978
–
0
853
213
300
 457.5%
       √(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
(B) Total amount of risks
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 175
 
MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Receivables under securities borrowing transactions Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Buildings
Lease assets
Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Due from agencies
Reinsurance accounts receivable Other assets:
Other receivables
Prepaid expenses
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Derivative financial instruments Suspense payments
Other assets
Bad debt reserve Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
¥ 290,010 0 290,009 285,455 2,919,795 1,804,655 135,839 726,620 1,314 244,182 7,183 55,198 55,198 4,638 620 2,724 1,292 20,987 6,440 14,547 116 1,018 42,103 30,610 1,537 6,949 328 2,029 621 24
(128) ¥3,619,194
  March 31, 2018
 ¥ 164,811
0
164,811
309,644
3,260,140
1,968,530
163,323
862,383
1,362
219,641
44,898
57,079
57,079
3,997
572
2,155
1,269
26,417
8,103
18,314
127
663
46,963
33,014
1,427
7,143
350
4,042
960
24
(114)
 ¥3,869,730
        176 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
  Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Reserve for dividends to policyholders
Due to agencies
Reinsurance accounts payable Other liabilities:
Payables under securities lending transactions Income taxes payable
Other payables
Accrued expenses
Unearned income
Deposits received
Derivative financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations Suspense receipts
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities
(Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Other capital surplus
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
¥2,934,939 27,648 2,896,459 10,831 5,626 283 375,124 361,797 853 140 7,450 0 91 544 2,976 429 839 2,535 28 5,988 5,988 18,397 3,342,924
85,500 93,688 63,214 30,473
6,133 – 6,133 6,133 185,321 90,948 90,948 276,270 ¥3,619,194
Data Section
  March 31, 2018
   ¥3,182,433
28,102
3,143,804
10,526
4,562
395,303
381,139
263
758
128
9,527
179
391
2,364
432
382
3,137
6,862
6,862
12,619
0
22
 3,605,205
 85,500
93,688
63,214
30,473
7,870
708
7,162
7,162
187,058
77,466
77,466
 264,524
 ¥3,869,730
           INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 177
 
MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income:
Insurance premiums and others:
Insurance premiums
Reinsurance income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income: Interest on deposits
Interest and dividends on securities Interest on loans
Other interest and dividends Gains on sales of securities Foreign exchange gains Reversal of bad debts
Other ordinary income:
Receipts of annuities with special conditions Receipts of deferred insurance claims
Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses:
Insurance claims and others:
Provision for underwriting reserves and others:
Investment expenses:
Operating expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Payments of deferred insurance claims
Provision for reserve for pension and retirement benefits
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income before income taxes
Income taxes – current
Income taxes – deferred
Total income taxes Net income
Yen
Year ended March 31, 2017
¥530,173 480,264 478,928
1,335 47,500 43,797
0 42,034 1,572 189 3,703 – – 2,408 367 1,545 495
in millions
        514,019 183,438 40,756 15,737 17,271 104,943 3,151 1,578 237,453 2,789 234,662 0 3,860 67 894 2,792 4 54 46 76,907 12,359 1,348 Taxes 6,805 Depreciation 3,815
Year ended March 31, 2018
¥550,495 493,748 492,591
1,156 53,817 44,603
0 42,699 1,617 287 9,209 1 2 2,929 923 1,519 486
533,521 189,390 41,353 16,924 19,878 106,304 3,735 1,195 247,798 454 247,344 0 3,881 63 1,944 1,793 – – 79 79,359 13,090 1,562 6,599 4,323 601 2
16,973
1 1
885 11 874 874
9,214 6,874 2,132
(534) 1,597
Insurance claims Annuity payments Benefits
Surrender benefits Other refunds Reinsurance premiums
Provision for outstanding claims
Provision for underwriting reserves
Provision for interest portion of reserve for dividends to policyholders
Interest expense
Losses on sales of securities Losses on derivative transactions Foreign exchange losses Provision for bad debts
Other investment expenses
348 42
16,153
3 3
775 17 757 757
8,972 6,409 2,728
(913) 1,815
          ¥
4,594
¥
5,277
  178 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Business Results
Amount of Policies in Force and New Policies
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
March 31, 2017
Number of policies (in thousands)
Yen in 100 millions
Amount
1
-
-
Year ended March 31, 2018
Data Section
  March 31, 2018
 Number of policies (in thousands)
 Amount
 3,057
 ¥230,952
182
7,115
-
78,598
-
 3
  2,938 ¥224,779 186 7,362 - 70,743 - 3
   Notes:1. The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
2. The amounts of group annuities represent the underwriting reserves.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
Year ended March 31, 2017
Number of
policies Amount
(in thousands) New policies
317 ¥23,468 23,468 7 302 302 - 610 610
- - -
Yen in 100 millions
Net increase by conversion
- - - -
     Number of policies (in thousands)
Amount
     102
1,445
-
New policies
26,292
102
1,445
-
Net increase by conversion
-
    273
¥26,292
-
-
-
     Note:The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence.
Annualized Premiums
(1) Policies in force
Yen in 100 millions March 31, 2017
  March 31, 2018
 ¥3,693
430
4,123
967
 Individual insurance ¥3,577 Individual annuities 433 Total: 4,010
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc. 884
(2) New policies
Yen in 100 millions Year ended March 31, 2017
Individual insurance ¥501 Individual annuities 15 Total: 517
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc. 152
Notes:1. An annualized premium is the annual total of premiums that is obtained by multiplying the amount of a single payment with the number of payments per year in accordance with the premium payment method. An annualized premium for a lump-sum payment policy is the premium divided by the number of years of coverage.
2. “Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.” represents the portion of annualized premiums that corresponds to medical coverage benefits (for hospitalization, surgeries, etc.), living benefits (for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.) and premium waiver benefits (excluding those for disability, but including those for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.).
   Year ended March 31, 2018
 ¥383
4
388
139
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 179
 
MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Business Performance
Fundamental revenues:
Insurance premiums and others
Fundamental expenses
Fundamental profit
Capital gains/(losses)
Non-recurring gains/(losses)
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income taxes
Net income
Yen in millions
  Year ended March 31, 2018
 Change
 ¥541,283
 ¥14,813
493,748
13,484
528,477
20,624
12,806
(5,810)
5,472
5,460
(1,304)
1,171
16,973
820
1
(1)
885
110
9,214
242
1,597
(217)
5,277
 682
  Year ended March 31, 2017 ¥526,470 480,264 507,853 18,616 12
(2,475) 16,153
3 775 8,972 1,815 4,594
    180 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total capital
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and
net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions) × 90%
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land × 85%
Excess of continued Zillmerized reserve (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Brought in capital
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
¥487,958 183,197 5,988 31,584 25
113,685
– 151,430 – – – – 2,046 51,546 16,565 11,315 3,080 – 38,611 1,391 1,893.2%
Data Section
  March 31, 2018
 ¥484,904
186,080
6,862
32,890
23
96,832
–
159,410
–
–
–
–
2,804
 56,163
17,411
11,658
3,115
–
43,169
1,507
 1,726.7%
    Deductions
Others
(B) Total amount of risks
√(R1+R8)2+(R2+R3+R7)2+R4
   Insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R8) Assumed interest rate risk (R2)
Minimum guarantee risk (R7)
Asset management risk (R3)
Business administration risk (R4)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 181
 
MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Deposits in banks
Yen in millions
March 31, 2017
¥
March 31, 2018
¥ 178,099 178,099 39,999 1,037,295 4,612,983 67,101 2,960 78,203 2,043,356 2,421,360 239,778 433 239,345 892 244 541 106 6,638 6,419 218 3,813 41,616 17,446 694 18,256 4,504 0 709 5 40,636 ¥6,201,753
5,916,715 17,382 5,899,332 4,555 4,244 39,648 1,501 8,346 5,482 18,821 1 833 134 4,527 72,500 72,500 6,037,664
41,060 24,735 24,735 89,878
2,604 87,274 87,274
155,673 8,207 207 8,414 164,088 ¥6,201,753
      141,458 141,458 41,499 965,032 4,404,883 68,744 6,739 55,882 1,715,807 2,557,710 Loans: 208,643
Monetary claims bought Money trusts Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities Other securities
Policy loans
422 208,220 560 Buildings 246
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Lease assets
188
126 4,471 Software 4,467
Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Lease assets
Reinsurance accounts receivable Other assets:
Other receivables
Prepaid expenses
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Derivative financial instruments Suspense payments
Other assets
Deferred tax assets Total assets (Liabilities)
Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Due to agencies
Reinsurance accounts payable Other liabilities:
Income taxes payable
Other payables
Accrued expenses
Deposits received
Derivative financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Suspense receipts
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Total liabilities (Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
3 2,851 25,001 3,798 362 16,023 3,810 2 1,005 – 43,644 ¥5,838,048
5,561,432 12,418 5,549,014 4,984 7,199 42,675 2,911 8,672 4,550 19,343 6 207 132 6,851 84,000 84,000 5,700,291
41,060 24,735 24,735 64,435
1,850 62,585 62,585
130,230 7,522 3 7,525 137,756 ¥5,838,048
              182 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 D)
CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items Year ended March 31, 2017
Ordinary income: ¥1,272,843 Insurance premiums and others: 1,083,895 Insurance premiums 1,071,113 Reinsurance income 12,781 Investment income: 185,621 Interest and dividends income: 60,761 Interest on deposits 147 Interest and dividends on securities 53,841 Interest on loans 6,400 Other interest and dividends 371 Investment gains on money trusts 14,512 Gains on sales of securities 1,306 Gains on redemption of securities – Foreign exchange gains 27,658 Investment gains on separate accounts 81,380 Other ordinary income: 3,327 Receipts of annuities with special conditions 3,313 Other ordinary income 14
Ordinary expenses: 1,215,151
Year ended March 31, 2018
¥1,256,486 1,059,512 1,015,601
43,911 193,690 76,884 131 68,185 8,192 376 – 1,506 0 – 115,299 3,282 3,239 43
1,227,546 694,801 73,274 88,563 178,199 223,918 2,791 128,054 355,283 4,964 350,318 118,896 0 5,195 – – – 113,646 54 50,236 8,328 6,417 1,909 2
28,939
11,500 11,500 11,500
– – – –
40,439 8,565 2,662
11,227
29,212
Yen
in millions
Data Section
        Insurance claims and others:
Insurance claims Annuity payments Benefits
Surrender benefits Other refunds Reinsurance premiums
Provision for underwriting reserves and others:
Provision for outstanding claims
Provision for underwriting reserves
Investment expenses:
Interest expense
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivative transactions Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Taxes
Depreciation
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Reversal of reserves under the special laws: Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income ¥
469,395 58,807 82,882
126,563 118,042 3,357 79,742 673,078 2,813 670,265 1,527 0 – 1,299 1 174 – 51 61,328 9,820 8,038 1,779 2
57,692
– – –
28,907 1 28,906 28,906
28,784
16,800 (8,718)
8,081
20,703
¥
            INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 183
 
MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Business Results
Amount of Policies in Force and New Policies
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
March 31, 2017
Number of policies (in thousands)
Yen in 100 millions
Amount
  March 31, 2018
 Number of policies (in thousands)
 Amount
 687
 ¥37,873
338
22,745
-
-
-
 -
    597 ¥33,352 323 23,455 - -
- -
 Note:The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves in the case of individual variable annuities) for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
Yen in 100 millions
   Number of Amount policies
(in thousands)
158 ¥9,026 24 1,296 - -
- -
Net increase New policies by conversion
¥9,026 - 1,296 - - - - -
Year ended March 31, 2017
     Note:The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves at the time of enrollment in the case of individual variable annuities).
Annualized Premiums
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Total:
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Total:
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.
Yen in 100 millions March 31, 2017
¥2,217 3,104 5,321
0
Yen in 100 millions Year ended March 31, 2017
¥ 667 922 1,589 –
  March 31, 2018
 ¥2,641
2,307
4,948
0
     Year ended March 31, 2018
 ¥ 650
288
938
–
   Notes:1. An annualized premium is the annual total of premiums that is obtained by multiplying the amount of a single payment with the number of payments per year in accordance with the premium payment method. An annualized premium for a lump-sum payment policy is the premium divided by the number of years of coverage.
2. “Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.” represents the portion of annualized premiums that corresponds to medical coverage benefits (for hospitalization, surgeries, etc.), living benefits (for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.) and premium waiver benefits (excluding those for disability, but including those for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.).
184
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
44
-
-
Year ended March 31, 2018
  Number of policies (in thousands)
Amount
  2,063
-
-
New policies
¥8,093
2,063
-
-
Net increase by conversion
-
    118
¥8,093
-
-
-
    
 D)
CEO Message Who We Are Our Way Special Feature Our Platform Appendix
Non-Consolidated Business Performance
Fundamental revenues:
Insurance premiums and others
Fundamental expenses
Fundamental profit
Capital gains/(losses)
Non-recurring gains/(losses)
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income taxes
Net income
Yen in millions
Data Section
  Year ended March 31, 2018
  Change
 ¥1,270,108
¥ 246
1,059,512
(24,382)
1,261,245
44,140
8,862
(43,893)
21,219
14,986
(1,141)
155
28,939
(28,752)
11,500
11,500
–
(28,907)
–
–
11,227
3,145
29,212
 8,509
  Year ended March 31, 2017
¥1,269,861 1,083,895 1,217,105
52,755 6,233
(1,296) 57,692
– 28,907 – 8,081 20,703
  Notes:Since the year ended March 31, 2018, the disclosure method of the breakdown of ordinary profit relating to the effect of change in surrender values associated with market value adjustment has been modified. As a result, fundamental profit decreased by ¥53 million and capital gains increased by the same amount for the year ended March 31, 2018, compared to those before the modification. The figures for the year ended March 31, 2017 were also restated accordingly. As a result, fundamental profit increased by ¥110 million and capital gains decreased by the same amount for the year ended March 31, 2017, compared to those before the modification.
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total capital
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and
net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions) × 90%
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land × 85%
Excess of continued Zillmerized reserve (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Brought in capital
Yen in millions March 31, 2017
¥558,542 126,749 84,000 74,456 –
9,402
– 241,219 – – – – 22,714 108,399 89 5 41,902 3,722 60,647 2,127 1,030.5%
  March 31, 2018
 ¥605,676
149,053
72,500
75,597
–
10,258
–
267,415
–
–
–
–
30,850
 121,997
117
4
45,460
2,655
71,487
2,394
 992.9%
    Deductions
Others
(B) Total amount of risks
√(R1+R8)2+(R2+R3+R7)2+R4
   Insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R8) Assumed interest rate risk (R2)
Minimum guarantee risk (R7)
Asset management risk (R3)
Business administration risk (R4)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 185
 
 In this report, the following abbreviations appear for company names.
MS&AD, The Group MS&AD Insurance Group
MS&AD Holdings, The holding company, or the Company   MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
MSI, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
ADI, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Direct General, Mitsui Direct General Insurance   Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
MSI Aioi Life Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
MSI Primary Life Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd. MSIG Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. Aioi, Aioi Insurance Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd.
NDI, Nissay Dowa General Insurance Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
MSI Kirameki Life Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Aioi Life Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
MS Amlin MS Amlin plc
MS First Capital MS First Capital Insurance Limited
ReAssure ReAssure Jersey One Limited
Challenger Challenger Limited
              186 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS

 ESG Evaluation
The MS&AD Insurance Group utilizes the assessments provided by global ESG evaluation organizations to improve its efforts in CSR. As of July 2018, the MS&AD Insurance Group was included in the following ESG-related indices.
*The inclusion of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings Inc. in any MSCI Index, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement or promotion of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings Inc. by MSCI or any of its affiliates. The MSCI Indexes are the exclusive property of MSCI. MSCI and the MSCI Index names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.
    CDP's Climate A List
FTSE4Good Index Series
MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)*
The “Bronze Class” CSR rating by RobecoSAM
Morningstar
Socially Responsible Investment Index
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (World / Asia Pacific)
MSCI Japan
ESG Select Leaders Index*
    FTSE Blossom Japan Index
    ECPI Indices
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 187

 Third-Party Assurance
To improve the objectiveness and accuracy of our MS&AD Integrated Report 2018, the MS&AD Insurance Group has engaged KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd., to perform third-party assurance on the following information included in this report.
The third-party assurance process
STEP 1
STEP 2
STEP 3
STEP 4
Information subject to the assurance engagement
● CO2 emissions, total energy consumption*
● Number and ratio of female managers
● Number and ratio of global employees
● Number and ratio of employees with disabilities
* Details regarding the method for calculating data can be found on our official website. www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr/data/index.html
      188
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Planning
● Examination of the calculation method for the data subject to assurance and the company’s outline of business
● Formulation of assurance engagement plan based on risk assessment
   Implementation of assurance procedures
● Implementation of a site visit and analysis of compiled data
  Review of draft report
● Confirmation that required corrections have been completed
● Reviewing the draft report to determine whether the assured information is presented appropriately
  Submitting the assurance report
● Review by a reviewer not directly involved in the assurance engagement
● Submission of the assurance report

 On the issuance of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2018
Since fiscal 2015, the MS&AD Insurance Group has published the Integrated Report to provide readers with a deeper understanding of the Group’s commitment to medium- to long-term value creation. We believe the issuance of the Integrated Report offers the opportunity for constructive dialogue with many stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, and employees, in regard to the Group’s story of value creation.
In the MS&AD Integrated Report 2018, we explain "Vision 2021," our new medium-term management plan, while we also review the previous medium-term management plans and introduce the various initiatives aiming for the Group’s 2030 goal of realizing a “resilient and sustainable society.”
We have also included a section detailing the strengths of the Group to enhance the description about our management feature that leverages diversity, which is the core of the Group’s ongoing focus on sustainable growth in the face of environmental change.
With the goal of improving the objectivity and accuracy of the report, we have engaged the services of a third-party assurance firm to independently verify the key non-financial
data indicated since fiscal 2017. For the results of the third-party verification included in the MS&AD Integrated Report 2018, please see page 188. Moreover, President & CEO as a representative of the management team has included a signed message at the beginning of the report. As CFO, I am responsible for the editing process and, accordingly, reiterate the importance of ensuring that the assembly process for the Integrated Report is carried out responsibly and that content in the report is indeed accurate.
With this year’s Integrated Report, we hope to promote amicable feelings for the Group by creating even greater understanding of it among stakeholders such as customers, shareholders and investors. We continue to value dialogue with all our stakeholders, and with the aim of further improving disclosure and enhancing transparency we invite our stakeholders to share with us their frank opinions.
September 2018 Director, Executive Vice President, CFO
Shiro Fujii
   Advancing with you
● The challenge of corporate change
The Group companies and each staff member will continue to pursue rapid and dynamic change in response to shifts in social and business trends.
● The challenge of providing new insurance products
Providing products and services in anticipation of new risks, the Group will consistently seek to provide maximum security to its customers.
● The challenge of competing globally
To develop the strength to compete in the highly competitive international arena, the Group will continue to grow, aspiring to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group.
Aspiring to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group, the MS&AD Insurance Group will continue to take on these challenges.
<Forward-looking statements>
These materials contain future plans, strategies, and earnings forecasts for MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Group companies. They are based on information available to the Group at the present time. Investors are advised that actual results might differ substantially from our forecasts, for various reasons. Actual performance could be adversely affected by (1) economic trends surrounding our business, (2) fierce competition within the insurance sector, (3) exchange rate fluctuations, and (4) changes in tax and other regulatory systems.
This report was prepared pursuant to Article 271-25 of the Insurance Business Act and Article 210-10-2 of the Insurance Business Act Enforcement Regulations.
Group Slogan
   Contact Information
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
 (Securities code: 8725) Tokyo Sumitomo Twin Building (West Tower), 27-2,
Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-0033, Japan
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept. Tel: +81-3-5117-0311, Fax: +81-3-5117-0605 https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/ir/contact/index.html
 
 