1
Deal with new risksSpecial Feature
Creating Shared Value Addressing the new needs of our customers
Our customers’ needs have changed and diversified along with the emergence of new risks resulting from changes in the social environment. The MS&AD Insurance Group has worked to rapidly incorporate these changes in society by investing in industry-academia collaborations and start-up companies in Silicon Valley. In this way, the Group has been advancing initiatives that can deliver optimal risk solutions to our customers.
  Story of my CSV
MSI and ADI provide jointly developed cyber insurance in preparation for cyber risks, but it has become necessary for us to go beyond insurance-based economic compensation in response to the more advanced and sophisticated cyberattacks of today. We must now provide support in terms of services, including preventing cyberattacks. Therefore, we have joined forces with a cyber-security firm that offers the latest expertise in this field to deliver services designed to evaluate cyber risks from a multitude of angles, as well as to provide support when cyber-attacks occur for the initial response and for minimizing and mitigating damage.
Challenging the Future of Insurance from Silicon Valley
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Commercial Product Underwriting Department Cyber Insurance Underwriting Division
Nozomi Kanematsu
     062
According to a survey by the National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT), cyberattack-related communications targeting networks in Japan have escalated annually, reaching 150.4 billion incidents in 2017, a level that is 2.7 times higher than in 2015. Moreover, it has become essential for companies that conduct business globally to design sophisticated countermeasures on a global scale that can address the surge in diversity and complexity of these cyber risks.
150.4 billion incidents
 This program dispatches employees directly to Silicon Valley from the individual operating companies in Japan and overseas, and provides support for introducing and collaborating with venture companies that hold the latest technologies and business models with the potential to solve the pain points of the individual companies.
By investing in start-up companies that have taken leadership roles in advanced technologies and business models, and by pursuing strategic successes while collaborating with operating companies in Japan and overseas, this program contributes to the sustainable growth and earnings of the Group on a global basis.
Naoya Osugi, Product Department, Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
In order to unearth advanced technologies and new services that deliver solutions for business-related challenges, MSI Aioi Life participated in the MS&AD Garage Program. Upon meeting directly with multiple venture companies from Silicon Valley and participating in seminars primarily related to Insurtech, we were able to link the latest valuable information to the Head Office. In this way, we are also tackling ways to change the mind-set within the organization as a breath of fresh air for the Head Office that will instill the sense of speed, innovative conception, and other aspects of how Silicon Valley conducts business.
Takashi Sato, Corporate Planning Department (Silicon Valley overseas representative), Holding Company
"Silicon Valley is not a place one comes to find the right answers; it is a place for taking action under one’s own initiative to create the right answers." Following my appointment as the first overseas representative in Silicon Valley in May 2017, this is the most common piece of advice I have received here. We are not searching for the future of insurance; rather, the 47 countries and regions in which the Group operates are striving together as one to create the future of insurance on our own.
 1 MS&AD Garage Program
 2 MS&AD Ventures (Newly established)
     MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 