CEO Message Who We Are
Our Way
Our Platform
Appendix
Data Section
Creating Shared Value
Aiming for a Resilient and Sustainable Society
2
Support “good health and longevity”Special Feature  Preparing for dementia and nursing care
The number of persons certified for support and long-term care under the public nursing care insurance system as publicized by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare has increased annually ever since the system was launched in 2000. In fact, by 2015 this number reached a level that was approximately 2.5 times higher than that of the year the system began. In consideration of this situation and in order to further enhance preparations for the economic burden related to nursing care, MSI Aioi Life renewed its "Whole Life Care Protection Policy." Specifi- cally, we added protection for dementia care, which imparts the greatest burden of all types of nursing care, thereby enabling more generous preparations for uncertainty regarding the growing social problem of nursing care.
Supporting the “100-year life” society
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance is working to enhance its lineup of products and services so that it can address the various needs required for our customers to live a more enriching life after retirement.
In February 2018, they began selling a new tontine-type* annuity insurance product, the first of its kind in the industry, as a lump-sum payment foreign currency denominated annuity insurance product aimed at supporting enjoyable lifestyles in the "100-year life" society. Since operations began in 2002, they have acquired know-how through our continuous support for asset building among our customers via over-the-counter sales at financial institutions. By utilizing this know-how to manage good yield foreign currency assets and improve the tontine-type aspect, they have made this the first such product in the industry that enables annuities to be received "immediately" starting one month after signing and "throughout" the policy holder's entire life. As such, it has received the support of our customers.
*Tontine refers to a system for transferring annuities whereby protections for the deceased parties are curbed and the difference is transferred to the surviving parties, thereby enabling those living longer lives to receive a greater annuity. The name of this system originates from the insurance scheme proposed by Lorenzo de Tonti of Italy.
 2018年5月版
あしたの、よろこび
通貨選択生存保障重視型個人年金保険
「あしたの、よろこび」は、“長生き”に備える年金保険です。
契約締結前交付書面(契約概要/注意喚起情報)兼 商品パンフレット
こ の 書 面 は 「、 契 約 締 結 前 交 付 書 面 」 と 「 商 品 パ ン フ レ ッ ト 」 で 構 成 さ れ て い ま す 。「 契 約 締 結 前 交 付 書 面 」 は 、 ご 契 約 のお申込みに際しての重要な事項を「契約概要「」注意喚起情報」に分類のうえ記載しています。ご契約前に必ず 十分にお読みいただき、内容をご確認・ご了承のうえ、お申込みいただきますようお願いいたします。
商品パンフレット P1 契約概要 P23 注意喚起情報 P33
        「あしたの、よろこび」は、三井住友海上プライマリー生命を引受保険会社とする生命保険商品です。
預金とは異なり、元本保証はありません。
  Story of my
CSV My job is to make product pamphlets and explanatory materials. It is important for us to
utilize the expertise that is unique to the Group and deliver helpful information of which our customers are unaware, such as that our customers themselves are increasingly likely to live longer and information regarding what they should do to prepare for living a long, enriching life. Because many of our customers are elderly, we prepare materials that explain the product features in easy-to-understand terms and that also consider visual aspects. We also work together with financial institution-affiliated agencies to provide information that is easy to understand from the perspective of our customers.
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Product and Marketing Department Marketing Group
Makiko Watanabe
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2018 063
Special Feature
The average life span in Japan has continued to rise steadily, and is expected to reach 84.02 years for males and 90.40 years for females in 2050. The peak age of death is approaching 87 for males and 93 for females, however, indicating that we have entered an era where it is no longer rare for people to live past the average lifespan.
100 Years
 As Japan approaches this super-aging society, there has been a growing demand for
asset building schemes that supplement public pensions, as well as for gifting and
inheritance schemes that transfer assets seamlessly to the next generation.
Source: National Institute of Population and Social Security Research "Population Projection for Japan (2017 estimates)" / Ministry of Health Labour and Welfare "Abridged Life Table for Japan 2016 "
  