
4
Work toward realization of
“leaving no one behind” Microinsurance for the poor
Expanding social security has been a major challenge in India. In 2016, the government set out to expand systems for protecting the lives and incomes of farmers during times of poor yield caused by natural catastrophes and droughts, and started a new agricultural insurance scheme with a low premium burden on farmers (PMFBY). Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited (hereafter, Chola MS), a local MSI subsidiary in India, has participated in this scheme since its start. Currently, Chola MS also sells livestock insurance for low-income groups in addition to the PMFBY.
Increasing accessibility to financial services: Deployment of the Smart Office
Within the vast land of India, penetration of insurance in rural areas is also a challenge. Since October 2015, Chola MS has established small-scale offices (“Smart Offices”) equipped with insurance policy certificate issuing machines in small and medium-sized cities, as well as towns and villages, where the penetration of insurance has been slow compared to large metropolitan areas (390 offices are established as of March 31, 2018). When a customer visits an office, a policy certificate can be issued on the spot. The fact that actual offices are located in familiar locations, such as local marketplaces, garners trust, has led to a steady increase in the number of insurance policies issued. This move has contributed to the penetration of insurance in regions where access to insurance has been inconvenient in the past.
Creating employment opportunities in rural areas of IndiaSpecial Feature
Creating Shared Value
    066
10%
As of 2015, 10% of the global labor force and their families lived on less than US$1.90 per day, which is defined as the extreme poverty line. Along with breaking the cycle of poverty and providing solutions that lead to economic independence, there is a need for initiatives that improve accessibility to financial services.
 In 2013, Chola MS began contracting out its insurance policy issuing services to an association that tackles job creation in rural areas. This was made for the purpose of creating jobs among women living in rural areas for whom there are few job opportunities other than agriculture. Having undergone continuous training that provides an understanding of insurance products and terminology, approximately 80 staff members are now involved in insurance policy issuing services for automobile and personal medical insurance. This staff has issued approximately 810,000 insurance policies per year.
By advancing initiatives that increase motivation, such as presenting gifts to staff who have improved quality to a significant degree, the project has also contributed greatly to improving the skills of women in the workforce.
Comments from employees at a rural policy issuing contractor
●I would like say thanks for giving this opportunity for part of the employees in Chola MS.
●Good learning experience and helps us achieve better career growth.
  MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 