 K’S HOLDINGS CORPORATION
Integrated Report 2020
 
  K’S HOLDINGS CORPORATION
Industry share of approximately 10%
The scale of the household electric appliances (consumer electronics) market is approximately 7 trillion yen, and the K’ s Denki Group has sales of 708.2 billion yen (result for the year ended March 2020). This means that we boast an industry share of about 10%.
Operation by subsidiaries in different regions
In the case of the K’ s Denki Group, there are seven companies that engage in the household electric appliance retail business: K’ s Holdings Corpora- tion, GIGAS CORPORATION, KANSAI K’ S DENKI CO., LTD., BIG•S CO., LTD., Hokuetsu K’s Co., LTD., KYUSHU K’S DENKI CORPORATION, and Denkodo Co., Ltd. In addition, there are three companies that engage in the house- hold electric appliance retail business as franchisees: USHIO Co., Ltd., OKA- JIMA CO., LTD., and Hamamatsu K’s Co., Ltd. Furthermore, K’s Solution Systems Co., Ltd. engages in the retail business and agency business regarding cell phones, K’s Career Staff Co., Ltd. engages in the tempo- rary-staffing business, and Technical Arts Co., Ltd. operates computer schools and engages in the computer support business. Each company operates in its own region, and this makes it possible to carry out recruit- ment, property development, and detailed sales support while making use of regional characteristics.
More than 500 stores nationwide
In the case of existing stores, we constantly aim to develop new stores based on the “scrap & build” method. Furthermore, we have been moving forward with opening new stores in blank-space regions and blank-space prefectures, while simultaneously strengthening our opening of new stores in urban areas with large populations.
Hiyoko Computer School
Stores that are “specialists” in consumer electronics
Even though some consumer electronics companies have recently started handling products and services outside of consumer elec- tronics, the K’s Denki Group continues to specialize in consumer electronics, and this helps to boost the level of specialization of employees and reduce costs, which in turn leads to higher profits.
Approximately 15,000 employees
Our company has 6,735 regular employees and 8,233 temporary employees*.
*The figure for temporary employees is the average number during the year.
K’s Denki Anshin Passport
Over 40millionmembers
We launched the “K’s Denki Anshin Passport” service in June 2008, and now as of the end of March 2020, we have more than 40 million members nationwide. In June 2015, we started operating a related app for smartphones, and this has further increased conve- nience for customers.
K’s Denki Group scale and overview
      Table of contents
01     17 02       21 03     23 05     25 08     27 09     29 11     31 13     34 15
Editorial policy
This report discloses a combination of non-financial and financial information including an overview of the K’s Denki Group, K’s Denki’s corporate philosophy, history, and ESG, and so on, and it is aimed at deepening understanding regarding K’s Denki through explanations regarding K’s Denki’s vision for growth.
Table of contents & editorial policy
K’s Denki Group scale and overview
Corporate philosophy and management policy
Top message
Comment from outside director
History of value creation
Process of value creation
Vision of K’s Denki
Initiatives regarding employees
K’s Denki services and store development
 Environmental initiatives
Contributing to society
Compliance
Capital policy, financial strategy, and dividend policy
Financial highlights
Corporate governance
Company information
    Hokkaido & Tohoku area
 Operation by Denkodo
102 stores
  Hokushinetsu area
 Operation by Hokuetsu K’s
45 stores
   Kansai & Kinki area
 Operation by KANSAI K’S DENKI
64 stores
   Kanto area
 Operation by K’s Holdings
140 stores
Operation by FC OKAJIMA
1 store
   [Target scope]
Although this report targets K’s Holdings (consolidated), there is some reporting on the independent data and initiatives of K’s Holdings (non-consolidated) and its subsidiaries.
[Target period]
April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020 (year ended March 2020) Nevertheless, there is some reporting on initiatives that are outside of this timeframe.
[Date of issuance]
November 2020
[Guidelines referred to]
“International Integrated Reporting Framework,” International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)
Operation by Technical Arts Established within K’s Denki
Chugoku & Shikoku area
 Operation by BIG•S
41 stores
Operation by FC USHIO
1 store
Chubu & Tokai area
 Operation by GIGAS
64 stores
Operation by FC Hamamatsu K’s
2 stores
  Kyushu area
 KYUSHU K’S DENKI
44 stores
 01 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 02
56 schools
(As of end of July 2020)
*As of end of March 2020
  
  Corporate philosophy and management policy
The ideology behind the corporate philosophy of the K’s Denki Group is the same as the ideology that our founder Kaoru Kato had when he launched “Kato Denki Shokai” as a team of six people following World War II. Shuichi Kato, who is the son of Kaoru Kato and is currently our
Honorary Chairman, inherited his father’s ideas and made these into our current management policy. We continue to pass down this management policy as we operate our stores on a day-to-day basis.
Corporate philosophy
We shall seek to build a business that is centered on people, and shall seek happiness for the people involved in the K’s Denki Group. We shall contribute to society and shall always do things in “harmony” with people through our business activities.
Management policy
“Gambaranai Keiei”
Even though it may be possible to perform beyond one’s capacity for a short period of time by straining, this approach is not suitable for company management, which is never-ending. If one overdoes things, there is always a backlash. Thus, we have a management policy in which we do the right thing in a reliable manner, without overdoing it, and aim to satisfy our customers in the ideal way, and we refer to this as “Gambaranai Keiei.”
Company creed
 As the stores of K’s Denki expanded, the founder of our company Kaoru Kato created a company creed consisting of the five items below to serve as a clear conduct guideline for the implementa- tion of the corporate philosophy by employees. This company creed, which calls for all people to work with a feeling of gratitude, enjoyment in good health, and affection, and lastly mentions boosting productivity, is based on our corporate philosophy of valuing employees.
“Keep! Customer Satisfaction (Let’ s continuously keep our custom- ers satisfied!).” For us, providing “satisfaction” to each and every customer is of the utmost impor- tance.
 ‒ Today, let’s work with a feeling of gratitude.
‒ Today, let’s work with enjoyment in good health. ‒ Today, let’s work with kindness and affection.
‒ Today, let’s make an effort to boost our productivity.
  ‒ Today, let’s work with pride as a specialist in the sale of consumer electronics.
   Philosophy regarding store operation
 What is the “K’s” in “K’s Denki” ?
This expresses our corporate attitude of
  K’s Denki promises to provide the following three types of satisfaction (S) to customers.
   Customers
Trust
Provision of “truly friendly service”
Employees
For achieving “customers come first” in the truest sense, taking good care of
“1. employees, 2. business partners, 3. customers, and 4. shareholders”
in that order is very important.
1. Keep! Super Price
We shall continue to provide new products at very low prices.
    In order to realize low prices, we shall eliminate waste, and we shall apply our wisdom in order to continuously provide “K’s value” that is satisfactory to customers.
  Worker-friendly work environment
Added value
2. Keep! Super Service
We shall aim to provide the best after-sales service in Japan.
  All of our employees shall work together in order to develop and implement service that is a step ahead of the times.
3. Keep! Super Quality
We shall continue to provide only products of the highest quality.
      Business partners
Establishment of good relationships
Steady supply of products
Redistribution of profits
Investment
Share- holders
   It seems that in all types of retail businesses, there is a focus on “placing importance on customers.” Meanwhile, at K’s Denki, we have boldly set the order of the people we place importance on as: “1. employees, 2. business partners, 3. customers, and 4. shareholders.” This absolutely does not mean we neglect our customers. “Placing importance on customers” cannot be realized unless the company first of all places importance on employees. If a company does not value its employees, how can the employees be friendly to its customers? Placing importance on employees is precisely what makes it possible for K’ s Denki to provide truly friendly service to customers. This same idea applies to business partners. Building good relationships with business partners enables us to realize the steady supply of products to customers.
In other words, first placing importance on employees and business partners results in our valuing our customers in the truest sense. The profits that we obtain are returned to our shareholders and all of our other stakeholders. Having this series of connections means that we always do things in “harmony” with people through our business activities, and this in turn leads to our contributing to society.
What is “customer satisfaction (CS)”?
All products that we select and offer shall be of the best quality in order to ensure that customers can shop with us with peace of mind.
All of our work is for realizing the above.
   Pursuing customer satisfaction based on objectively viewing services from the perspective of customers
Avoiding thinking in a biased way based on the company’s standpoint and service provider’s standpoint
 This refers to customers praising products and services, etc. that they have been provided, based on their own standards.
What does
this mean for us?
  03 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 04

    Top message
“Gambaranai Keiei” is based on two concepts. The first is “doing the right thing in a reliable manner,” and the second is “never overdoing it.” Whenever there is ongoing forceful management in which unreasonable ideas are insisted upon and excessive pressure is placed on employ- ees, imbalances inevitably arise, so no one is happy or stays for very long. Thus, based on the philosophy of “Gambaranai Keiei,” our company has steadily grown since the time of our founding, and will continue to grow together with “people” in the future.
Recently, environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG) and the SDGs have been receiving a great deal of attention, and society has become globalized, so there have been calls for companies to engage in sustainable activities on a global scale. I believe that we at K’ s Denki have been carrying out sustainable business management since the time of our founding.
Since K’ s Denki was founded, we have been passing down the concept of, “Business management is a never-ending long-distance relay race.” This means that business man- agement is not about sprinting at full speed toward a finish line, but rather is about steadily passing on a baton while not overexerting oneself. The concept of “sustain- able business management” is similar to this. The demands of society must be adapted to with sincerity. Thus, looking back, I believe that K’ s Denki has carried out business man- agement based on a way of thinking that is truly in line with ESG and the SDGs.
In the area of initiatives regarding the environment, we have been leading in our industry, and following the promulgation of the Kyoto Protocol, which significantly addresses the problem of global warming, in 2005, we launched our “Energy-Saving Promotion Office (currently CSR Department),” and have been proactively working not only on energy-saving at our stores, but also activities to promote the popularization of energy-saving consumer electronics.
Furthermore, in line with the enactment of the “Home Appliance Recycling Act” to address the problem of waste related to large consumer electronics in the 2000s, we swiftly developed a recycling management system, and have been carrying out operations for appropriately collecting consumer electronics that are no longer needed and handing these over to recycling business operators. Even though according to the “Small-Home Appliance Recycling Act,” which was enacted later on, the collection of used small waste consumer electronics at retail stores is voluntary, based on the perspectives of convenience for consumers and social responsibility as a specialist in selling consumer electronics, we obtained approval from govern- ment agencies and started initiatives in this regard at all of our stores ahead of other companies in our industry.
In addition, amid recent calls for reforms to ways of work- ing, as a company that is already comfortable to work at, we have been further expanding our track record regard- ing management in which we place importance on em- ployees. In 2013, we garnered praise for this and received the “Companies that Should Be Cherished Most in Japan” Award Executive Committee Chairman Prize.
Something that I would like to mention is the fact that the above achievements are the result of our having done what is only natural based on the management policy that we have been developing since the time of our founding in which we “do the right thing in a sincere and reliable way.”
We shall continue to carry out “Gambaranai Keiei” as a driving force for the achievement of ESG and the SDGs.
On this occasion, we have organized our initiatives and compiled them in the form of an integrated report.
Going forward, we will make an effort to further increase our corporate value based on dialogues with all of our stakeholders.
                 “Gambaranai Keiei” as driving force for achievement of ESG and SDGs
President Executive Officer and Representative Director
Tadashi Hiramoto
 I would like to begin by extending my heartfelt sympathies to those affected by the recent COVID-19 crisis, and con- veying my respect and gratitude to the healthcare workers and all other persons who have been supporting our lives in society amid this unprecedented crisis.
Those of us in the consumer electronics retail business also intend to fulfill our social responsibilities as a part of soci- ety’s infrastructure that handles daily necessities. To this end, we at K’s Denki are working to make it possible to pro- vide steady store operation while giving top priority to the health and safety of employees. We believe that taking this
approach will be the most effective measure for also pre- venting the spread of COVID-19 with regard to customers and business partners.
Our company is based on the concept of being centered on “people.” We believe that “putting employees first” increases our “harmony” with the “people” who are our customers, business partners, and shareholders, helps us grow our business, and brings happiness to all the “people” who are stakeholders related to K’s Denki. We refer to this basic philosophy regarding management as “Gambaranai Keiei.”
What are the SDGs?
“SDGs” stands for “Sustainable Development Goals.”
These are international goals intended to be achieved by 2030 that were set at the United Nations Summit in September 2015, and they consist of 17 goals with 169 targets.
                 05 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 06

  Growth strategy as specialist in selling consumer electronics
is called into question. What is important is to respond to consumer needs, so we believe that if consumer needs shift to EC, our rate of EC will naturally rise.
In fact, amid the COVID-19 crisis this year, K’s Denki saw a steady increase in sales of large consumer electronics that are accompanied by delivery and installation, such as refrigerators, washing machines, televisions, and air condi- tioners, yet the percentage of these large consumer elec- tronics purchased through EC (EC rate) is less than 1%. Thus, as suspected, it seems that there will continue to be demand regarding going to stores where it is possible to look at items firsthand, receive explanations from high- ly-professional staff members, and select products with peace of mind.
There are of course products that EC is suited for, and these include consumable supplies and small items. Such products have a high EC rate because in terms of consum- er needs, there is ease of purchase in the case of EC. Thus, we have been striving to strengthen EC regarding these types of products in order to respond to consumer needs. Even in the case of products that EC is suited for, we believe that it is a significant strength to have stores nearby so that customers can feel peace of mind regarding services such as product exchanges and consultations regarding repairs.
Our company’s source of competitive strength is the power of the people at our stores, so we will continue to proactively move forward with “dominant deployment”
regarding the opening of new stores in the future.
Furthermore, we will also continue with “scrap & build” regarding existing stores. Although it may appear at a glance that certain stores can continue their operations as-is, it seems that welcoming customers at stores that are always new helps to increase store loyalty. Above all, we place a focus on enabling our employees to work at new facilities in a good environment. Thus, going forward, we will build a store network that makes it possible for cus- tomers across the country to access K’s Denki stores.
Meanwhile, in the area of responding to the “digital soci- ety,” we will promote digital transformation (DX) in order to boost operational efficiency. Namely, at our brick-and- mortar stores, we will improve the human-touch qualities at our front areas with analogue features, and at the back areas and back offices, we will strive to improve operation- al efficiency and promote the reduction of costs based on digitalization.
Going forward, all employees of K’s Denki will continue to work together as a single team in the tireless pursuit of serving as a “specialist in selling consumer electronics” that provides “excellent quality, low prices, and excellent service.”
We at K’s Denki are continuing to carry out the “dominant” opening of new stores across the country as a specialist in selling consumer electronics.
According to an announcement by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, the total population of Japan as of January 1, 2020 amounted to 127.14 million, marking a decrease of 0.24% (305,000) from the previous year. Even though this population decline will continue going forward, K’ s Denki will continue to open new stores based on “dominant deployment,” and will strive for share expan- sion that is above the rate of population decline. Since demand for consumer electronics will gradually decrease as the population decline progresses, many companies in our industry are starting to diversify.
Nevertheless, instead of paying the costs for entering other industries, our company will continue to focus on consumer electronics retail, which is our strong point. In doing so, we will strive to increase our quality as a special- ist and boost our operational efficiency, and we shall aim to expand our share while realizing both high-quality service and low costs.
These initiatives will enable us to continue to expand our share because there will always be demand for consumer electronics as daily necessities, and innovation regarding consumer electronics will continue indefinitely in the future. As a specialist in selling consumer electronics, we intend to thoroughly fulfill our mission of popularizing
new products together with manufacturers.
The source of our competitive strength for expanding share is “people.” Our company will continue to grow together with the growth of people based our philosophy of “Gambaranai Keiei.” We believe that people cannot develop if they are in an environment that is repressive. Thus, our company does not have quotas, and all we have are targets that serve as guideposts. What is important to us is whether work is being done in the right way.
Our company is an assembly of stores that are rooted in their respective regions, and each of our 500 stores nation- wide has a manager who is able to put into practice “Gam- baranai Keiei.” At each of our stores, all of the staff mem- bers centering on the manager work closely together to put into practice “Gambaranai Keiei” in which the “right thing is done in a sincere and reliable way without overdo- ing it.” In these conditions, people develop and future store managers are continuously being cultivated.
The expansion of electronic commerce (EC) has recently been garnering attention, and even in cyberspace, compe- tition is about becoming the choice of consumers. In other words, just like with brick-and-mortar stores, comprehen- sive strength regarding product lineup, price, and service
K’s Holdings Corporation President Executive Officer and Representative Director
Tadashi Hiramoto
  07 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 08
Comment from outside director
K’s Holdings exists as a leading company among consumer electronics retailers.
The company advocates “Gambaranai Keiei,” and it seems that the qualities of this can be seen in the action guidelines of the employees, who put customers first, and the temperament of the com-
pany itself.
I have interacted with many retail businesses, and I strongly feel that the fact that K’s Denki pursues such qualities serves as the source of its business founda- tion.
With the era of maturity approaching and many inno- vations occurring regarding technologies, I believe
that the growth of K’ s Denki will be supported by the fact that the company will not lose sight of its quali- ties, will place importance on the basic element of customers, and will thoroughly respond to the changing times.
Last year, K’s Denki transitioned from being a “com- pany with board of company auditors” to being a “company with an audit and supervisory committee,” and it has thus been making an effort to strengthen corporate governance. K’s Denki is also proactively holding discussions on management systems that will make it an even stronger company.
As an outside director, I shall work to increase my experience and wisdom as I proactively engage in discussions with the Board of Directors in order to contribute to the development of K’s Denki.
Director Tomoyuki Yuasa
  
    April 2007  Denkodo made subsidiary
October 2005 BIG•S made subsidiary
Lehman shock
   January 2007 Hokuetsu K’s made subsidiary        KYUSHU K’S DENKI
  established and made subsidiary
     500 (100 million yen)
450 400 350 300 250 200 150 100
50 0
History of value creation
After the founder of K’s Denki Kaoru Kato repatriated to Japan following World War II, he made Mito City his place of residence. In 1947, he began occupations such as the repairing and selling of radios, and in 1955, due the expansion of his operations, he established Kato Denki Shokai and carried out the selling and repairing of radios and so on together with several employees. The company’s motto at that time was ‘‘integrity first.” The employees clearly told customers about the strong and weak points of products, and instead of trying to sell products, they provided support for people’s household electrification plans. This type of approach won people’s trust, so the company’s operations steadily expanded. After exclusively selling the products of National (currently Panasonic), the company began to sell the products of multiple different manufacturers, and then in 1980, it developed the type of business format that K’s Denki has today. Subsequently, the second president Shuichi Kato took the helm of the company. From the 1990s to the 2000s, the company grew dramatically in size. A team of managers who sympathized with the ideas of Shuichi Kato was formed and subsidiaries were established, and as a result, a corporate group covering all of Japan was created. Even though different presidents took the helm of the company later on, the passion that the company had at the time of its foundation has been inherited and remains unchanged to this day.
Trend regarding sales and ordinary income
8,000
(100 million yen)
7,000
6,000
5,000
4,000
3,000
2,000
1,000
0
                Sales (right axis)
Ordinary income (left axis)
    March 1947
 Founding of company
        1955
Burst of economic bubble
1947/3 1970/9 1972/9 1974/9 1976/9 1978/9 1980/9 1982/9 1984/9 1986/9 1988/9 1990/3 1992/3 1994/3 1996/3 1998/3 2000/3 2002/3 2004/3 2006/3 2008/3 2010/3 2012/3 2014/3 2016/3 2018/3 2020/3
October 2004 KANSAI K’S DENKI        (formerly “Yachiyo Musen Denki” )
Consumption tax increase of 3% → 5%
• Great East Japan Earthquake • Stop of analog broadcasting
• Spread of COVID-19 • Consumption tax
 increase of 8% → 10%
• Consumption tax increase of 5% → 8%
 made subsidiary
 July 1991 Tohoku K’s Denki       (formerly Yotsuba Denki)
made subsidiary
  Introduction of consumption tax increase of 3%
        Establishment of Kato Denki Shokai
The main services performed were repair and delivery.
1980
Establishment of
Kato Denki Sales Co., Ltd.
Then-president Kaoru Kato stated at this time, “We must first of all think about the benefits for our employees. Our employees are just as important as our customers.”
1991 onward
Development of franchise and integration of businesses
Action was taken based on the premise, “There must be benefits for both parties.”
1997
Changing of trade name to “K’s Denki Corporation”
All store names were made “K’s Denki,” and television commercials began being aired. The flagship store the Mito Honten Store was opened in 1999.
Promotion to First Section of Tokyo Stock Exchange
There was a partial promotion one year after receiving listing on the Second Section of Tokyo Stock Exchange in 2001.
2007
Changing of trade name to “K’s Holdings Corporation”
Introduction of the K’s Denki Anshin Passport started in 2008.
The year ended March 1990 is an irregular period with 6 months 11 days due to an amended settlement date. ↑
↑Consolidated figures are shown starting in the year ended March 2000. 2002
        09
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
10
April 2004 GIGAS made subsidiary

   Process of value creation
As a specialist in selling consumer electronics, the K’s Denki Group works for
sustainable corporate value creation based on a management policy of “Gambaranai Keiei.”
 INPUT
Financial capital
Intellectual capital
Human capital
Social and relationship capital
Natural capital
BUSINESS MODEL
Gambaranai Keiei Specialization in consumer electronics
Employees
No quotas
Worker-friendly work environment
Business partners
Establishment of good relationships
Steady supply of products
Corporate governance
OUTPUT
Service from standpoint of customers
Cash discounts
Long-term
free repair guarantees
Anshin Passport
Provision of specialized knowledge
Stores that are easy to shop at Enjoyment of shopping
OUTCOME
Safe and secure living
Provision of shopping convenience
Comfortable living Discovery of new value
ESG initiatives
Allocation of capital to shareholders
Provision of jobs Contributing to society
  Declining birthrate and aging
population
      Concentration of populations in urban areas
     Decreasing labor force
      Climate change
     Shift toward IT
in society
       Diversification of value
11 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 12

   Vision of K’s Denki
Changes regarding population and number of households in Japan
Initiative 3 Efforts regarding e-commerce
● Opening of new stores on K’s Denki websites, PayPay Mall, and Rakuten Ichiba  
● Noting low rate of e-commerce regarding products requiring delivery, construction, and recycling
● Developing and strengthening original products in area of consumable supplies and small items that are suited for e-commerce
130,000 60,000 125,000 50,000
40,000
120,000
115,000   20,000 110,000 10,000
*Created based on data from “Population Estimates” and “Populations, Population Movements, and Numbers of Households Derived from Basic Resident Registers” (Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications)
Other (consumable supplies, etc.)
Information devices
Audio & video products (excluding televisions)
Seasonal products (excluding
air conditioners)
Beauty and health products
Electrical cooking appliances
Large products (televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners) ..................................2.9% Audio & video products (excluding televisions)....7.0% Seasonal products (excluding air conditioners)....8.5% Beauty and health products..................9.2% Electrical cooking appliances................16.7% Information devices........................28.8% Other (consumable supplies, etc.)................26.9%
Large products (televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners)
E-commerce sales-volume composition ratio
 Trend regarding population and households in Japan
Total population (total number) [1,000 people] (left axis)
Number of households in Basic Resident Register (Japanese people) [1,000 households] (right axis)
The population of Japan has been decrea- sing each year.
As of January 2020, there is a year-on-year decline of 0.24% (305,000 people).
(result for first quarter of year ended March 2020)
     30,000
 1976 1978 1980 1982 1984 1986 1988 1990 1992 1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018
Examples of original K’s Denki products
 Growth can be achieved if the expansion of K’s Denki’s share is faster than the shrinking of the population.
Initiative
InitiativeK’s Denki sales channels We accommodate the various shopping styles of customers.
 Store visits
Online orders Telephone orders
Visiting store
Taking item home
Ordering
        Customers
Simple and low-cost
operation system in which
online shopping has been added to ordinary store operations
Delivering and installing
K’s stores
Peace of mind regarding    After order receipt, prompt delivery (plus installation) of product from inventory of
after-sales service thanks to service being offered at nearby stores
store close to customer
Receiving delivery or picking up at store
 Maintaining year-on-year sales of 100% at existing stores based on 1 boosting average spending per customer and product unit prices
● Promoting sales of high value-added products with friendly customer service 
● Boosting numbers of items purchased
● Selling items in sets together with related products (such as consumable supplies) that help boost user satisfaction, with friendly customer service
Opening new stores with aim of increasing sales by 20 billion yen per year 2 (20 store openings and 10 store closures per year)
● Constantly relocating existing stores to optimal locations based on “scrap & build”
● Building domestic store network by opening new stores in blank-space prefectures and blank-space regions
● Proactively opening new stores in urban areas (areas with large populations rather than station-front terminal-type areas) ● Opening new stores to help make it possible for employees to work with the goal of someday becoming a store managerSuburban-type storesUrban-type storesSurrounding environmentDetached housesHigh-rise condominiums
Population of target business area50,000 to 150,000150,000 or above
Population densityLowHighTransportation methodsCars and motorcyclesWalking, motorcycles, bicycles, and trains (few cars)
Sales floor area4,965 to 6,620 square meters1,986 to 3,310 square metersStore format
・Single-story building, flat-surface parking area ・Stand-alone store・First floor of multistory building, rooftop parking area ・Store combined with other types of businessesProduct lineup15,000 to 27,000 types of items10,000 to 12,000 types of itemsAdvantages・Low rent due to suburban location ・Ability to secure spacious plot of land・Ability to reduce rent and construction costs by combining store with other businesses ・Large population in surrounding business area
・Small warehouse sufficient since large products rarely taken home from storeDisadvantages・High initial construction costs due to need for infrastructure development ・Small population in surrounding business area
・High rent due to location in densely populated area ・Inability to secure spacious plot of landSurrounding environment of site
    Major road such as Densely populated area national highway
  Densely populated area
Train stationInitiative
4
Boosting attractiveness of stores  Comparison of suburban-type stores and urban-type stores of K’s Denki 13 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
● As specialist in selling consumer electronics, developing human resources with specialized knowledge who can provide friendly service ● Sales floors with “connective consumer electronics” that make it possible to experience IoT and AI consumer electronics ● Based on making Technical Arts a subsidiary, expanding “Hiyoko Computer School,” providing forums for communities,
  and strengthening computer support operations
● Establishment of K’s Career Staff (temporary-staffing business)
  Securing outstanding human resources utilizing careers of veteran employees age 65 and above
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 14

What does it mean to “place importance on customers” ? We believe that “truly friendly service” refers to employees carefully listening to the wishes of customers, and recommending products that meet the needs of the customers. Some aspects of value and service and can only be provided when there is mediation by “humans.” In order to realize this, it is necessary to first of all create environments in which employees can work with enjoyment. In order to show how we have created these types of environments, we would like to introduce some numbers that show the status of K’s Denki employees and our initiatives in this regard.

● Creating environments without quotas and overtime work
It is not possible for us to provide “truly friendly service” to customers unless our employees are able to work with enjoyment and vitality. As such, we do not have quotas. Although our employees strive for the achievement of targets, these are not quotas. If there are quotas, there is chance that various methods will end up being used to try to sell customers products that they do not need. This is harm- ful to customers, and it dissuades customers from wanting to contin- ue using K’ s Denki. Thus, the most important thing is to first of all make it possible for employees to work with enjoyment and smiles. Part of this is creating environments without overtime work. The bedrock of this type of approach is “Gambaranai Keiei.” Things that can be done tomorrow should not be done today. We believe that doing overtime work in order to receive good results in the short term is meaningless in the context of busi- ness management, which is never-ending.
● Promoting utilization of paid holidays and taking of consecutive holidays
K’s Denki makes efforts to promote the utilization of
paid holidays and taking of consecutive holidays. Employees are thus proactively encouraged to take five consecutive days of paid leave.
● Approach regarding personnel expenses
For K’s Denki, the most important thing is our employees. In
order to get excellent human resources to join K’ s Denki and continue to work at K’s Denki for a long time, we do our best to provide ample wages and employee benefits. As such, we proactively make improvements to labor conditions, including wages and employee benefits.

 Supporting child-rearing
In 2017, we acquired “Platinum Kurumin” certifica-
tion as a company that is proactively engaging in
support for child-rearing. Furthermore, we acquired certifica- tion for “Eruboshi (the highest ranking),” and we were the first consumer electronics mass retailer to do so. This certification commends the active participation of women. Furthermore, in 2018, we opened an in-company nursery called “K’s & Lily Nursery.” Going forward, we will continue to develop environ- ments where employees can work with peace of mind.
● Support for nursing care
K’s Denki has a nursing-care leave system that makes
it possible for employees to take leaves for fixed peri-
ods of time in order to provide nursing care to loved ones while continuing to work, or while staying enrolled at the com- pany. With the aging of the population progressing in Japan, this will continue to be one of our most important systems.
● Introduction of “work interval system”
We have introduced a “work interval system” in
which an interval of at least 10 hours is set between
one work shift and the next. We believe that this system is needed in order to protect the health of employees.

● System for supporting acquisition of qualifications
We have a support system for the acquisition of qualifications that can be utilized for sales, such as
“Home Appliance Advisor Certification.” We proac-
tively support this through activities such as partially subsidiz- ing study materials for exam-taking, and paying special allow- ances after the acquisition of qualifications.

● Health management and mental health
Our company implements health exam-
inations and complete medical checkups once a year. In addi- tion, the supervisors of our offices with 50 employees or more acquire “health supervisor” certification and carry out checks regarding mental health.

Our company proactively works for the
hiring, and continuous employment of persons with disabili- ties, and we assign workplaces, work content, and so on taking into consideration the characteristics of each individual.

● Initiatives of K’s Career Staff
The K’ s Denki subsidiary K’s Career Staff engages in the tempo- rary-staffing business. Recently, there are many employees
who have a lot of physical strength for work and are highly motivated even at the age 65 and over. In order to make it possible for people to reapply the high-level skills that they have developed through their experience at K’s Denki, K’s Career Staff recruits general temporary workers, and proactively provides K’ s Denki employees who are age 65 and over with opportunities to once again actively participate in work activities.

K’s Denki has training for the promotion of the active participation of women. This training targets female managerial candidates, and the lecturers are female store managers. Frank discus- sions are held on topics such as work-re- lated struggles and concerns, and consid- eration is given to approaches to work during different life stages. Thus, an effort is made to help participants elimi- nate their fears regarding the future and progress toward their goals.

 K’s Denki services and store development
On a day-to-day basis, we at K’s Denki take the standpoint of customers, and think about the types of services that are pleasing to customers and the types of stores that make shopping easy.
We now have more than 500 stores nationwide, and are aiming for store development that enables us to provide customers with high-quality service and the same peace of mind no matter which store they visit in Japan.
Service from the standpoint of customers
Providing “service from the standpoint of customers” is not as easy as it sounds. In order to realize this, we first of all place importance on listening closely to input from customers. Rather than aggressively trying to sell items in accordance with our own agenda, we ask customers about what they want and then recommend the optimal products. Furthermore, we focus our efforts on after-sales service. In the case of consumer electronics, one may encounter various situations such as items being difficult to use or items breaking. As such, we believe that our relationship with customers does not come to an end once an item has been sold.
Store development for easy shopping
We aim to the develop sales floors that: are easy for all people to use,
have product lineups that can only be found at a specialist in selling consumer electronics, and have an appearance that makes shopping enjoyable.
     “Cash discounts”:
enabling comparison of payment amounts
Although there are many companies in the consumer elec- tronics mass retail business that have introduced point systems, our company has not adopted such a system, and rather, focuses on cash discounts. It seems that throughout Japan, transactions in cash are the easiest to carry out, and customers can see right on the spot that the price of their product has been reduced. Points restrict the stores that can be used and have expiration dates, etc., so they limit the activ- ities of customers. We believe that customers should have more freedom.
“Long-term free repair guarantees”: ability to use with all items without limit on guarantee
At our stores, customers who have purchased a designated prod- uct model above a certain price are automatically provided a 3, 5, or 10 year long-term free repair guarantee, based on the addition of an independent warranty (compliant with the manufacturer’ s warranty) to the one-year warranty of the manufacturer. Products sometimes break immediately after the manufacturer’s warranty expires and it is necessary to pay a large fee for repairs, which means losing a lot of the joy associated with having purchased the product. We believe that if we can reduce the risk of this type of situation occurring as much as possible, customers will be able to purchase products at our stores with peace of mind.
Creative approaches to store development
● Spacious parking areas
Many K’s Denki stores are located along major roads in suburban areas, so many of our customers visit by car. We have designed our parking areas leaving as much room as possible between the park- ing spaces so that customers can feel com- fortable while parking and can open their doors wide when loading consumer elec- tronics. Furthermore, we have covered column-type parking lots that block rain. Our designs also promote smooth store entry from roads.
● Clear signs and low product display cases inside stores The product display cases inside our stores have set heights.
The heights are kept low in order to help increase visibility, and make it possible to see to the back of the stores. Further- more, signs inside the stores indicate where customers can find the products they are looking for. Our creative store designs also make it possible for our employees to look around for customers in need of assistance and quickly attend to them.
    “K’s Denki Anshin Passport”: providing “four types of assurance”
We have created this service in the hope of offering customers more peace of mind when they purchase products at our stores. Thanks to the support of customers, we now have more than 40 million members (as of end of March 2020).
Seeking new members! No subscription fees or annual fees
Consistent capturing of top spots in housing facility equipment service category of Japanese Customer Satisfaction Index (JCSI) survey
Survey regarding customer satisfaction related to installation and repair services at the homes of customers after they have purchased a large household electrical appliance such as an air conditioner, or gas or electric appliance, etc., based on research by Service Productivity and Innovation for Growth Council
In this survey’ s ranking regarding customer satisfaction related to installation and repair services at the homes of customers after they have purchased a large household electrical appli- ance such as an air conditioner, or gas or electric appliance, etc., our stores have consistently captured high ratings.
● Spacious pathways inside stores
We make the pathways inside our stores spacious. This is so
that customers can comfortably look at products while push- ing a shopping cart and passing by other customers.
       17 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 18

where customers can try out products
We make it possible for customers to actually try out our products inside our stores. Furthermore, in recent years, we have been sequentially install- ing “connective consumer electronics” IoT con- sumer electronics sales floors. This involves setting up IoT consumer electronics in spaces that are similar to actual living rooms and kitchens so that customers can experience actions such as turning on air conditioners and televisions through smart speakers.
● Product lineups in accordance with regions
As a specialist in selling consumer electronics, we have product lineups
that consist only of consumer electronics. Although our store vary in size, our average-sized stores have about 20,000 types of products. For example, we have wide-ranging lineups of consumable supplies, such as ink cartridges for printers. We alter our inventory quantities and product lineups in a flexible manner according to the characteristics of different regions.

We believe that stores that make it possible to do
all shopping at a first-floor sales floor are ideal. We strive to avoid making customers use escalators to search for prod- ucts. Furthermore, we try to minimize level differences inside our stores in order to make shopping smoother for custom- ers using shopping cards, wheelchairs, and so on.

Near the entrances of our stores, we provide wheel- chairs that all customers can use.

We provide automated exter-
nal defibrillators (AED) near
the entrances of our stores.
Our employees learn how to use these during their training on firefighting, etc.

The certification standards are divided into six evaluation categories (*1), and in addition to basic environmental measures such as waste management and energy-saving and water-saving, the evaluation items include diverse perspectives regarding sustainability and so on, such as the simpli- fied sale of containers and packaging, and the SDGs. Also, in the case of business operators that have deployed chains, there are evaluations regarding implementation systems shared by stores. Based on the above standards, we received praise
regarding the fact that we have an extensive lineup of environmentally-friendly products with the Eco Mark, etc. and collect and recycle used products at our stores, and the fact that we have initiatives, etc. that promote environmentally friendly activities together with consumers.
*1 <Evaluation categories>
1. Environmentally-friendly product sales
2. Environmental communication
3. Waste reduction and recycling
4. Energy-saving and water-saving
5. Increasing efficiency of logistics
6. Environmentally-conscious store operation
Energy-saving at stores
Eco Mark Award
Japan Environment Association
We received the “Excellence Prize” in praise of our various achievements. These include: the fact that on April 19, 2019, all of the approximately 500 stores of K’s Denki received Eco Mark certification, making K’s Denki the first consumer electronics mass retailer to receive such certification; the fact that we place importance on interactions with consumers at stores to help enhance environmental friendliness, and carry out public relations activities that are unique to retail stores, including promoting the long-term use of consumer electronics based on repairs and using posters in stores to provide information on collection and recycling; and
the fact that in our store operations, we reduce CO2 emissions by visualizing energy usage volumes, and strive to increase awareness regarding the environment among employees.

On July 1, 2020, we ended the free-of-charge pro-
vision of plastic-shopping bags, and started offering plas- tic-shopping bags to customers who need them for a fee. Furthermore, we have been progressively switching our plastic-shopping bags to ones that are made from biomass. This initiative has been helping to curb the excessive use of plastics.
● Logistics integration and participation in White Logistics Movement
We have been working to achieve logistics integration
through the joint operation of logistics with Nittsu NP Logistics. This involves consolidating products from manufacturers at a single location, dividing them for each store, and then delivering them to stores after loading them onto trucks. This is effective both for reducing costs and for reducing CO2 emissions. We also participate in the White Logistics Move- ment, and are aiming to further increase the efficiency of our logistics.

● Four specified items
In accordance with the Home Appliance Recycling Act, when we receive the “four specified items” televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners from customers, we collect a recycling collection and transportation fee from the customers, and then take responsi- bly for appropriately handing over the items to manufacturers for recycling.
● Recycling of small-consumer electronics
In accordance with the Small-Home Appliance
Recycling Act, when we receive used waste
consumer electronics from customers that are other than the “four specified items,” we collect a disposal fee from the customers and appropriately hand them over to a state-certified recycling business operator for recycling. Even though small-consumer electronics contain large amounts of rare metals such as gold, silver, and copper, most of the time only their iron and aluminum are recycled and they are disposed of in landfills. Thus, we support the recycling of small-consumer electronics in order to help reduce landfill shortages and achieve the steady supply of rare metals.

● Collection of used cell phones
Our company collects used cell phones. Cell phones contain large
amounts of rare metals such as gold, silver, and copper, so we
promote collecting and recycling them in order to achieve the effective use of resources. Furthermore, as part of our measures for the protection of personal information, when collecting cell phones in person, we thoroughly check to make sure that there is no physical damage, the data has been erased, and so on.
● Collection of compact rechargeable batteries and button batteries
As an initiative to protect human health and the environ-
ment from mercury, we participate in the Battery Association of Japan as a collection-supporting establishment for the collection of button batteries that contain trace amounts of mercury. Furthermore, based on the Act on the Promotion of Effective Utilization of Resources, we carry out the collection of used compact rechargeable batteries. We have garnered praise for these initiatives, and have received com- mendations from JBRC for six consecutive years (starting in 2015).
● Collection of used ink cartridges
We support initiatives related to “Ecorica” recyclable
ink cartridges in which ink cartridges that customers
have finished using are collected, cleaned and refilled with ink at factories, and then once again sold as products at stores. Eco- rica collection boxes are installed at our stores for this purpose.

  Contributing to society
We at the K’s Denki Group recognize the importance of coexisting with local communities, so we carry out activities in various regions,
such as participating in events and sponsoring sports projects.
Donation and support activities
Great East Japan Earthquake reconstruction-support activities
    Promotion of sports
K’s Denki Stadium Mito Naming rights
In 2009, we at K’s Denki acquired the naming rights for an athletics stadium in Mito City. This stadium is named “K’s Denki Stadium Mito,” and it hosts various sports such as soccer, rugby, and track & field. By supporting sports promotion, we hope to contribute to the sound development of young persons.
Official sponsor of TohokuRakuten Golden Eagles
We have been serving as an official sponsor of the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Pacific League since 2005.
Top partner of Mito HollyHock
We have been serving as a top partner of the Mito HollyHock of the J2 League soccer league since 2001. We also support the “K’s Denki Kids Passport,” which makes it possible for chil- dren of elementary school age and below residing in Ibaraki Prefecture to attend home games throughout the year free of charge. This helps support sports promotion regarding chil- dren in this region.
2012 July
Donations to Japanese Red Cross Society
We have been donating to the Ibaraki Prefecture Branch of the Jap- anese Red Cross Society each year since 2018. The donation money goes toward the development of nurseries, disaster-relief vehicles, disaster-relief materials, and so on.        “Bronze Sponsor” of Ibaraki Robots
We have been serving as a “Bronze Sponsor” of the Ibaraki Robots of the B League profes-
sional basketball league since
2019. Professional basketball
leagues were only started recent- ly in Japan. Thus, we hope that this sponsorship will help pro- mote the popularity of the league overall.
Official sponsor of Kamatamare Sanuki
We have been serving as an offi- cial sponsor of the Kamatamare Sanuki of the J3 League soccer league since 2011.
Blood-donation cooperation activities
We carry out cooperation activities related to blood-donation activities, and this includes regularly providing employees with informa- tion on blood-donation locations, and encour- aging them to go, etc.
Reference: “MEET Blood Donation Room,” Mito City, Ibaraki Prefecture
             23 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 24
CRakuten Eagles
Support for childrearing and elderly persons in regions
We participate in systems that make it possible for house- holds with an expecting mother or children to receive hos- pitality services, such as “Ibaraki Kids Club” in Ibaraki Pre- fecture, “Guichichoki Passport” in Gunma Prefecture, “Tochigi Smile Tsugitsugi Card” in Tochigi Prefecture, and “Dad and Mom Support Shop Courtesy Card” in Saitama Prefecture. Furthermore, we participate in systems that make it possible for elderly persons to receive hospitality plans, such as “Ibaraki Senior Card” in Ibaraki Prefecture.2011
July
We donated 1,500 electric fans to persons living in temporary housing and damaged housing.
  October
Some customers faced the problem of not being able to purchase consumer electronics because there were no consumer electronics mass retailer nearby. In order to provide support to such customers, we carried out sales using transport trucks in Rikuzentakata City and Minamisanriku-cho.We donated a complete set of consumer electronics that were needed at “Tenohira ni Taiyo no Ie,” a symbiosis house that supports children affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake.2012 to 2014
As part of our reconstruction-support activities targeting persons affected by the earthquake disaster, we implemented a “consultation service for problems regarding consumer electronics products” at temporary housing in various regions. From 2012 to 2014, we provided this consul- tation service 66 times (for 9,824 households). We provided advice on the use of consumer electronics products to affected persons, and, on a voluntary basis and as a store, we carried out inspections, cleaning, repairs, and so on regarding malfunctioning consumer electronics.
     
  Compliance
We at the K’s Denki Group place a focus on complying with the laws and ordinances that apply to us. We endeavor to promote sound business activities by maintaining good relationships with our business partners and all of our other stakeholders.
In-company compliance and risk management
Compliance Committee
Our group has created a “Compliance Statement and System” and “Group Compliance Regulations.” Furthermore, we regu- larly convene meetings of our Group Compliance Committee, which is chaired by a K’s Denki director, and strive to thor- oughly comply with laws and ordinances throughout our group based on the reporting and sharing of specific cases.
Whistle-blowing system
Our group has a whistle-blowing system. We have created “Group Whistle-blowing Regulations” and have set up a whistle-blowing system regarding actions in violation of our organization and laws and ordinances, and based on this, we strive to reduce and correct such actions. Our Group Compliance Committee performs fact-finding investiga- tions, and if it is found that illegal actions, etc. are being carried out, orders are promptly given to cease such actions. Furthermore, our system ensures that whistle-blowers are protected from disadvantageous treatment.
Responding to disasters
Our group has created a “Disaster Risk Management Manual.” Disasters can occur anywhere at any time. In order to make preparations in this regard, we have established guidelines for action during disasters such as earthquakes, fires, and wind and flood damage, and in the guidelines, we give top priority to ensuring the safety of customers and employees. Our employees follow our manual in order to swiftly carry out actions including reporting, evacuating, and giving guidance. Furthermore, as an emergency measure, we stockpile items at our stores such as relief supplies, restoration operation supplies, beverages, food products, and clothing.
Observing laws and ordinances related to consumer electronics retail business
Fair transactions with business partners
We at K’ s Denki believe that in order to realize the principle of “customers first,” it is important to have good relationships with business partners. Maintaining good relationships with business part- ners makes it possible to steadily provide customers with excellent products, and offer product delivery and installation services that are pleasing to customers. As such, we place a particular focus on prohibiting “abuse of dominant bargaining position,” which is prohibited as a type of unfair transaction method according to the Antimonopoly Act, and observing the “Subcontracting Act.”
Management of personal information
On a day-to-day basis, our company handles the personal information of large numbers of customers
in situations such as carrying out reception work regarding the delivery and installation of products,
and registering customer information for purchases of products eligible for long-term free repair
guarantees. Furthermore, since our number of K’s Denki Anshin Passport members has reached
approximately 40 million (as of the end of March 2020), the management of personal information is
one of our extremely important initiatives. In light of this, we have established “Regulations on the
Handling of Personal Information,” and, based on our “Manual on Operations Involving the Handling
of Personal Information,” we strive to carry out thorough management in order to ensure that
personal information is only used for the intended purposes, is managed appropriately, and so on. In the unlikely event that personal information has been leaked, we have a system in place for prompt reporting in accordance with the stipulations of our Personal Information Protection Committee.
Non-retention of credit card information
Since consumer electronics have relatively high unit prices, the percentage of payments made by credit card has been increasing each year. Thus, our company has introduced a computer system that accommodates the non-retention of credit card information. Furthermore, our e-commerce website also has a system in which credit card information is not retained.
Membership in Home Electric Appliances Fair Trade Conference
           Our company is a member of the Home Electric Applianc- es Fair Trade Conference. Based on observing the fair com- petition code set forth by this organization, we have elimi- nated incorrect information, exaggerated advertising, unclear price displays, and so on, and aim to provide an environment in which customers can purchase consumer electronics with peace of mind.
As a member of the Home Electric Appliances Fair Trade Conference, K’s Denki is
an establishment that promotes suitable displays.
  Based on the rules of the Home Electric Appliances Fair Trade Conference, which have been certified by the Consumer Affairs Agency and
Japan Fair Trade Commission, K’s Denki
promotes suitable displays regarding prices and product descriptions, etc.
Suitable displays Member of Home Electric Appliances Fair Trade Conference
   Recycling laws and disposal of information devices
In accordance with the Home Appliance Recycling Act, when we receive the “four specified items” televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners from customers, we collect a recycling collection and transportation fee from the cus- tomers, and then take responsibly for appropriately handing over the items to manufacturers for recycling. Furthermore, in accordance with the Small-Home Appliance Recycling Act, when we receive used waste consumer electronics from customers that are other than the “four specified items,” we collect a disposal fee from the customers and appropriately hand them over to a state-certified recycling business operator for recycling. We carry out operations with particularly strong management in the case of computers, and this includes transporting computers in containers that can be locked.
Qualifications, etc. required for store operation
A wide range of qualifications are needed for the operation of stores, and these include “secondhand dealer,” “fire preven- tion manager based on Fire Services Act,” “seller of medical devices,” and “class-2 health officer.” We carry out appropriate management to ensure that all the necessary qualifications have been acquired.
  25 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 26
  Capital policy, financial strategy, and dividend policy
We at K’s Denki hold a financial results briefing each quarter in line with our Disclosure Policy, and proactively engage in dialogues with investors in Japan and overseas. As for information disclosure, we observe the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, Tokyo Stock Exchange timely disclosure rules, and fair disclosure rules, and make an effort to proactively carry out disclosure by appropriately posting summaries of financial statements, financial result briefing materials, other IR materials, and so forth on the K’s Denki website.
Trend regarding dividend payout ratio and dividend yield
        Target of consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30%
 Striving for steady income and profit increases, and aiming for stable dividends
          K’ s Holdings market capitalization
Consumption tax increase of 5% → 8%
TOPIX
497 1.51
330 2.27 574 1.31 600 1.88 667 2.25 751 2.00 717 2.44 971 1.80 933 2.14
1,021 2.69
1,471 2.14 982 3.05 1,023 2.93
44.20
54.53
83.92 104.99 109.32
62.40 82.87 72.85 81.16
100.28
110.63 103.13 96.22
2,927 6,973
3,827 8,894 1,500 4,208 1,000 2,057 1,500 4,624 3,246 9,999
3,881 7,999
7,000 8,018 15,711 18,780
Market capitalization (million yen)
Home Appliance Eco-Point System
350,000 300,000 250,000 200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000
2008/3 2009/3 2010/3 2011/3 2012/3 2013/3 2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3
Extensive shareholder special benefit plan
TOPIX (points)
Consumption tax increase of 8% → 10%
1:1.2
1:2 1:2
             3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000 500
*1  In the case of dividend per share, year-end stock price, and net income per share, the stock split in April 2018 is taken into consideration.   *2  The calculations are based on consolidated profit starting from the year ended March 1992.
       Inauguration of President Trump: 1/21
Decision for additional monetary easing: 10/31
Decision to hold 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo: September
Abenomics: December onward
Stop of analog broadcasting: 7/24
Great East Japan Earthquake: 3/11
Lehman shock: 9/15
   Shareholder return ratio
● Aiming for consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30%, and taking action to realize this
(Takes into consideration 1:2 stock split on April 1, 2018)
    Ticket value
Trend regarding dividend per share and
dividend payout ratio
24.0%
24.6%
20 yen for year
10 yen
10 yen
2016/3
27.4%
27.5 yen for year
28.5%
31.5 yen for year 16.5 yen
15 yen
2018/3
28.5%
29.1%
30 yen for year 15 yen
15 yen
2019/3
62.8%
2019/3
31.2%
30 yen for year 15 yen
15 yen
2020/3
115.6%
2020/3
  Reference date
The tickets can be used even in the case of purchases under 1,000 yen.
Up to 30 tickets (worth 30,000 yen) can be used per purchase.
The tickets can be used at all K’s Denki stores.
The tickets can also be used to pay for work fees, repair and parts expenses, and so on.
*The tickets can only be used at stores.
Dividend per share (interim)
Dividend per share (end of term)
Dividend payout ratio
17.5 yen for year 8.75 yen 8.75 yen 2015/3
15 yen
12.5 yen
2017/3
66.9%
Expiration date
End of March
Late June to end of December
1,000 yen
End of September
    1 tickets 3 tickets 5 tickets 10 tickets 20 tickets 30 tickets
1 tickets 3 tickets 5 tickets 10 tickets 20 tickets 30 tickets
● Implementation of flexible treasury stock acquisition
    3,000 shares or more
Execution of flexible capital policy
Boosting capital efficiency and responding to changes to business environment
Total dividend amount, and amount of
treasury stock acquisition and total return ratio
Amount of dividend payment
Amount of treasury stock acquisition
Total return ratio
90.4%
2015/3
24.6%
*1 *1 *1
  Term Dividend Dividend Year-end Dividend per share payout ratio stock price yield
Net income per share
Stock buy-back Thousandshares Million yen
Yen % 1988/9 3.75 21.2 1989/9 3.00 18.6 1990/3 1.60 15.5 1991/3 3.00 17.6 1992/3 3.75 -231.1 1993/3 3.75 141.0 1994/3 3.75 33.7 1995/3 4.25 28.2 1996/3 4.50 23.7 1997/3 4.50 36.9 1998/3 4.50 67.1 1999/3 4.50 21.0 2000/3 5.00 15.5 2001/3 6.25 18.6
2002/3 5.00 14.5
2003/3 5.00 18.0 2004/3 5.00 13.4 2005/3 5.00 12.3 2006/3 5.00 12.4 2007/3 7.50 18.5
2008/3 7.50 17.0
2009/3 7.50 13.8 2010/3 7.50 8.9 2011/3 11.25 10.7 2012/3 15.00 13.7 2013/3 15.00 24.0 2014/3 17.50 21.1 2015/3 17.50 24.0 2016/3 20.00 24.6
2017/3 27.50 27.4
2018/3 31.50 28.5 2019/3 30.00 29.1 2020/3 30.00 31.2
Stock split 1:1.2
Remarks
Stock registered for over-the-counter trading Irregular period with 6 months 11 days Business merger (Tohoku K’s)
Recession
Change of trade name and shop name
351 Resolution for stock buy-back in April 1998 and July 1998
Shares listed on the Second Section of the TSE
405 Shares listed on the First Section of the TSE, resolution for stock buy-back in February 2002
345 Resolution for stock buy-back in June 2003
Business merger (GIGAS, Kansai)
Business merger (BIG•S)
Business merger (Hokuetsu), subsidiary establishment (Kyushu)
Business merger (Denkodo), resolution for stock buy-back in November 2007 and March 2008
Resolution for stock buy-back in August 2010 and February 2011 Start of interim dividend, resolution for stock buy-back in February 2012 Resolution for stock buy-back in November 2012
Resolution for stock buy-back in October 2013
Resolution for stock buy-back in December 2014
Implementation of stock split in June 2016
Resolution for stock buy-back in November 2016
Cancelation of 10 million shares of treasury stock at end of March 2017
Resolution for stock buy-back in November 2018
Resolution for stock buy-back in August 2019 and February 2020
Yen %
500 0.75
455 0.66 16.10
638 0.25 10.30
630 0.48 17.22 1:1.3
448 0.84 -1.62
310 1.21 2.66 1:1.1
638 0.59 11.14 1:1.1
460 0.92 15.10
475 0.95 18.97
243 1.86 12.18
120 3.75 6.71
420 1.07 21.45 427 633 0.79 32.21
425 1.47 33.66
324 1.54 34.45 299
350 1.43 27.76 1:1.2
703 0.71 37.36 240 691 0.72 40.78 1:1.2
860 0.58 40.48 1:1.2
785 0.96 40.53
Yen 18.23
     We have set forth the targets of a consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30% and an ROE of 10%, and will execute stable dividends and a flexible capital policy going forward.
Capital policy in Medium-term Management Plan
Trend regarding market capitalization of K’s Holdings
*2
      見   本
   Early December to end of June
      Content
100 shares or more
100 shares or more
 500 shares or more
500 shares or more
  1,000 shares or more
1,000 shares or more
  3,000 shares or more
    6,000 shares or more
10,000 shares or more
6,000 shares or more
  10,000 shares or more
*The complimentary tickets cannot be exchanged for cash, transferred, or traded. *The tickets can be used as a form of payment at all stores of K’s Denki Group.
*The tickets can only be used to make payments at stores. *K’s Denki does not accept or carry out procedures related to stock trading and so on.
*To receive the shareholder special benefits, it is necessary to be a shareholder on the K’s Denki shareholder list and have 100 or more shares on a reference date (last day of March and last day of September). *The above content is not for the purpose of soliciting investment. K’s Denki does not bear responsibility regarding the outcomes of investment decisions by individuals.
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
 27 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 28

                      Financial highlights
                                      Consolidated profit and loss summary
Sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expense
Personnel expenses
Advertising expenses
Land rent
Depreciation expenses Provision for product warranties Other
Operating income
Ordinary income
Current net income attributable to owners of parent
Consolidated financial summary
Amount of net assets Total assets
Consolidated cash flow
Cash flow from operating activities Cash flow from investing activities Cash flow from financing activities Cash and cash equivalents at end of term
Financial indicators
Capital adequacy ratio (%)
Annual dividend per share (yen) *1
Consolidated dividend payout ratio (%)
Net assets per share (yen) *1
Current net income per share (yen) *1
Return on shareholders’ equity (%)
Total outstanding shares issued at end of term (including treasury stock) (thousand shares)
Stock price at end of term (yen) *1
Market capitalization at end of term (million yen)
Price-to-book value ratio (factor) *2 Price-earnings ratio (factor) *2
2011/3
770,947 179,580 138,650
49,964 14,189 18,839 10,867
3,085 41,704 40,930 49,365 23,412
127,088 314,464
31,153 -18,014 -11,640
9,943
39.9 11.25 10.7 583.47 104.99 19.7 61,026 600 146,464 1.03 5.71
2012/3
726,015 171,447 137,361
50,076 16,313 20,121 11,748
2,443 36,658 34,086 42,123 23,754
145,315 338,024
14,123 -18,274 3,075 9,316
42.6 15.00 13.7 674.76 109.32 17.6 61,026 667 162,819 0.99 6.10
2013/3
637,497 150,386 133,887
50,426 14,373 21,201 12,154
2,540 33,190 16,498 23,396 13,265
154,415 355,887
18,602 -17,840 499 10,568
43.1 15.00 24.0 727.67 62.40 8.9 61,026 751.25 183,385 1.03 12.04
2014/3
701,198 166,551 142,913
53,559 14,330 22,503 12,500
3,137 36,881 23,638 31,494 17,493
166,965 374,393
55,585 -17,972 -37,403
10,782
44.3 17.50 21.1 796.51 82.86 11.0 61,026 717.25 175,085 0.90 8.66
2015/3
637,194 161,142 142,603
52,145 14,131 23,560 13,071
3,443 36,250 18,539 25,849 15,030
171,176 391,560
-432 -20,527 31,672 21,495
43.4 17.50 24.0 854.77 72.85 9.0 61,026 971.25 237,088 1.14 13.33
2016/3
644,181 169,267 147,522
53,299 14,064 24,512 13,983
4,160 37,501 21,744 28,614 16,305
185,951 385,713
43,542 -17,588 -39,418
8,150
47.9 20.00 24.6 913.33 81.16 9.2 61,026 932.5 227,629 1.02 11.49
2017/3
658,150 179,913 154,299
55,706 14,056 25,727 14,748
4,513 39,547 25,613 32,108 20,154
195,414 397,574
26,689 -16,266 -11,025
7,503
48.9 27.50 27.4 986.81 100.28 10.6 112,053 1,021 228,813 1.03 10.18
2018/3
679,132 191,632 160,868
57,714 15,241 26,964 14,662
4,515 41,770 30,764 36,661 22,706
242,360 403,658
37,483 -10,901 -24,872
9,212
59.8 31.50 28.5 1,050.63 110.63 10.4 115,976 1,471 341,203 1.40 13.30
2019/3
689,125 193,786 161,064
57,356 14,744 27,431 14,067
4,816 42,647 32,722 38,539 23,807
255,782 410,156
25,206 -7,292 -16,574 10,551
62.1 30.00 29.1 1,118.75 103.13 9.6 235,463 982 231,224 0.88 9.52
(Unit: million yen)
2020/3
708,222 199,888 166,899
59,509 13,834 27,982 13,707
5,802 46,062 32,989 37,040 21,525
252,421 389,512
60,016 -11,607 -45,330
13,629
64.6 30.00 31.2 1,182.52 96.22 8.5 235,463 1,023 240,878 0.87 10.63
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   *1 Value with adjustment for stock split  *2 Value based on stock price at end of term
29 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 30

   Corporate governance
❶ President Executive Officer and Representative Director
❷ Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of Corporate Planning Division
❸ Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Sales Division
Tadashi Hiramoto
Kazuyoshi Suzuki
Naoto Osaka
   Introduction of officers
Chairman of Board of Directors
Remuneration for officers
Appointment status of outside directors
April 1983 April 1995 June 1995 June 2003 June 2006
April 2017 June 2017
April 2018 June 2020
Joined K’s Denki
Head of General Planning Department Director
Managing Director
Senior Managing Director and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department
Senior Managing Director and Chief of Planning and Development Division Representative Director and President & Chief of Planning and Development Division
Representative Director and President Representative Director and President Executive Officer (present post)
April 1984 April 2008 July 2009 June 2011 April 2012
June 2013
April 2016 April 2017 June 2017 April 2018 June 2018
June 2019 June 2020
Joined K’s Denki
Head of Sales Planning Department, Sales Division Executive Officer
Director
Director and Deputy Chief of Sales & Head of Sales Planning Department Director and Chief of Sales Division & Head of Sales Planning Department Director and Chief of Sales Division Director and Chief of Administration Division Managing Director and Chief of Administration Division Managing Director and Chief of Corporate Planning Division Representative Director and President (present post) & Senior Managing Director and Chief of Corporate Planning Division, K’s Career Staff Co., Ltd. Representative Director and Chairman, Technical Arts Co., Ltd. (present post) Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of Corporate Planning Division (present post)
April 1994 August 1999 June 2004 April 2005 June 2008
June 2009 April 2017 April 2018
June 2020
Joined K’s Denki
Joined BIG•S CO., LTD.
Director, BIG•S
Senior Managing Director, BIG•S Representative Director and President, BIG•S
Director, K’s Denki
Director and Chief of Sales Division Managing Director and Chief of Sales Division
Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Sales Division (present post)
Born November 6, 1958
Born April 19, 1961
Born January 30, 1973
         Number of directors Term of directors in in Articles of Articles of
Number of directors
Number of outside directors
Number of outside directors appointed as independent officers
Incorporation Incorporation
20
 1 year
 President
 11
 Appointed
 4
 4
    Our remuneration system for officers is aimed at the establishment of an officer compensation structure that contributes to the continuous growth of the K’s Denki Group and the boosting of corporate value. Thus, in FY2020, we introduced “basic remuneration” based on work position, “performance-linked remuneration” as a short-term incentive, and a “stock-based remuneration system” as a medium-term incentive. In the case of directors who serve as outside directors and audit and supervisory committee members, only fixed remuneration is provided in order to ensure that such directors fulfill the roles of supervising, and giving advice regarding the management of K’s Denki and the K’s Denki Group from an objective standpoint.
*K’s Denki switched from being a company with board of company auditors to being a company with an audit and supervisory committee in June 2019.
❻❼􏰄❽❾􏰅
❹ Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department
❺ Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of Administration Division
❻ Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Head of Corporate Planning Office, Corporate Planning Division
   Keiichi Mizuno
Born March 19, 1963
Yuji Yoshihara
Born February 8, 1967
Taro Mizutani
Born December 11, 1970
      March 1981 February 2004 April 2008
July 2009 June 2012 June 2016 April 2017
April 2018 June 2018 June 2020
Joined Uny Co., Ltd.
Joined K’s Denki
Manager, Development Department, Planning and Development Division Executive Officer and Head of Development Department, Planning and Development Division Director and Head of Development Department, Planning and Development Division
Senior Executive Officer and Head of Development Department, Planning and Development Division Senior Executive Officer and Deputy Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Development Department and Head of Planning Department
Senior Executive Officer and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department Director and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department (present post)
November 1986 December 2009
June 2011 April 2016
April 2018 June 2019 June 2020
Joined K’s Denki
Head of Sales Promotion Department, Sales Division
Executive Officer and Head of Sales Promotion Department, Sales Division Executive Officer and Head of Human Resources and General Affairs Department, Administration Division Senior Executive Officer and Chief of Administration Division
Chief of Administration Division and Director
Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of Administration Division (present post)
September 1999 October 2005 August 2013 October 2014 April 2015
November 2015 April 2019
June 2020
Joined UI Denki Co., Ltd.
Joined K’s Denki
Registered as certified public accountant Manager, Corporate Planning Office Executive Officer and Manager, Corporate Planning Office
Registered as tax accountant
Senior Executive Officer and Head of Corporate Planning Office, Corporate Planning Division
Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Head of Corporate Planning Office, Corporate Planning Division (present post)
 Officer category
Director
(excluding audit and supervisory committee members and outside directors)
 Director
(audit and supervisory committee member) (excluding outside directors)
  Auditor (excluding outside directors)
 Outside officer
 Total amount of remuneration, etc. (million yen)
267
 12
 1
 24
  Amount of remuneration, etc. by type (million yen)
Fixed remuneration
 220
 12
 1
 24
 Performance-linked remuneration
 ̶
 ̶
 ̶
 ̶
 Stock options
 47
 ̶
 ̶
 ̶
 Number of target officers
 8
 1
 1
 7
                  ❼ Director
Tomoyuki Yuasa
Born October 10, 1976
May 2000
October 2005 April 2010 March 2011 March 2016
April 2016 June 2016
􏰄 Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Hisako Takahashi
Born July 15, 1960
❽ Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) Hiroshi Suzuki
Born March 22, 1958
June 1985
April 1997 April 2009
June 2011
June 2013 June 2016
June 2017
January 2019 June 2019
􏰅 Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Hiroyuki Bundo
Born December 18, 1970
April 2001 April 2005 April 2008 April 2013 April 2017 June 2019
❾ Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) Masuo Onose
Born December 20, 1957
      Joined Andersen Consulting (currently Accenture PLC)
Joined Revamp Corporation
Director, Revamp
Joined Yotsuba Denki Co., Ltd. (which changed its name to “Tohoku K’s Denki Co., Ltd.” and merged with Denkodo Co., Ltd.)
Joined K’s Denki
April 1980
January 1985
June 1997 January 2009
June 2010 September 2015 October 2018 June 2019
Joined Century Audit Corporation (currently Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC) Established Onose Certified Public Accountant Office; Representative of such (present post) Supervisor, Mito Shinkin Bank
Established Onose Kinoshita Tax Accountant Corporation; Senior Partner of such (present post) Outside Auditor, Horii Food Service Co., Ltd. Outside Auditor, Koryojyuhan Co., Ltd. Outside Auditor, K’s Denki
Outside Director, K’s Denki
(Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (present post)
Director and Vice President, Revamp Outside Director, Link and Motivation Inc. (present post)
Representative Director and President & CEO, Revamp Corporation (present post) Outside Director, K’s Denki (present post)
Head of Accounting Department, Administration Division
Executive Officer and Head of Accounting Department, Administration Division Director and Chief Accounting Officer Senior Executive Officer and Head of Accounting Department, Administration Division
 Director and Head of Accounting Department, Administration Division
Director and Manager of Audit Office Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (present post)
      June 1990 October 1996
November 1996 April 2007 June 2019
Joined Komiyama Law Office
Full-time Instructor of Social Insurance Labor Consultant Course, TAC Co., Ltd. (present post)
Established Takahashi Labor and Social Security Attorney Office
Employee, PM Support Co., Ltd. (present post)
Outside Director, K’s Denki (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (present post)
Full-time Lecturer, Faculty of Human Sciences, Tokiwa University
Assistant Professor, Faculty of Human Sciences, Tokiwa University
      31 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 32
❹❷❶❸❺
Associate Professor, College of Applied International Studies, Tokiwa University Professor, College of Applied International Studies, Tokiwa University Professor, Department of Policy Management, Tokiwa University (present post) Outside Director, K’s Denki (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (present post)
(As of June 25, 2020)

  Corporate governance
K’s Denki switched from being a company with board of company auditors to being a company with an audit and supervisory committee in June 2019. This company organization was adopted with the aims of putting in place a system that makes it possible to flexibly respond to
changes to the business environment, and strengthening the supervisory functions
of the Board of Directors based on a diversified perspectives.
Company information
 Trade name
K’s Holdings Corporation
Headquarters address
1-1-1 Sakuragawa, Mito City, Ibaraki Prefecture
Registered headquarters address
1-13-20 Yanagimachi, Mito City, Ibaraki Prefecture
Establishment
March 1947
Paid-in capital
18.1 billion yen
Representative
Tadashi Hiramoto, Representative Director
and President Executive Officer
Content of business
Sale of full range of consumer electronics products and related merchandise,
and accessory work and repairs
Sales
708,222 million yen (consolidated) 576,633 million yen (non-consolidated)
Number of employees
14,968 (consolidated)
(8,233 temporary employees) 4,625 (non-consolidated) (2,408 temporary employees)
Number of stores
504 (consolidated)
Website
https://www.ksdenki.co.jp
Principle shareholders
Number of shares held (thousands)
Percentage of shares held
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
16,156
7.6%
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account)
13,455
6.3%
K’s Denki Employees’ Shareholding Association
10,867
5.1%
Shuichi Kato
6,258
2.9%
Satoshoji Corporation
6,216
2.9%
Yukio Kato
6,004
2.8%
Shinjiro Kato
4,856
2.2%
BBH FOR FIDELITY PURITAN TR:
FIDELITY SR INTRINSIC OPPORTUNITIES FUND
3,900
1.8%
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 5)
3,877
1.8%
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 7)
3,751
1.7%
   Board of Directors: 11 directors (including 4 outside directors)
Observing various laws and ordinances relating to the company, and developing corporate governance to ensure this
Environmental conservation initiatives
Relationship with employees
Appointment and dismissal
Approval of appointment and reappointmentGeneral Meeting of Shareholders
     Appointment and dismissal
Discussions and reports regarding important business execution
Stock information
Subsidiaries
(As of March 31, 2020)Audit and Supervisory Committee: 4 Audit and Supervisory Committee member directors(including 3 outside directors)
 Total number of authorized shares
520,000,000
Total number of shares issued
235,463,121
Number of shareholders
13,979
Listed stock exchange
Tokyo Stock Exchange
Shareholder registry administrator
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation     Nominations and remuneration regarding group directors and executive officers, and advice and proposals regarding analysis and evaluations related to effectiveness of Board of Directors
Reports on compliance with laws and ordinances Proposals regarding compliance with laws and ordinances
(Notes) 1. Although K’s Denki holds 22,770,082 shares of treasury stock, it is excluded from the principle shareholders above.
   Accounting audits
2. The percentages of shares held are calculated deducting treasury stock.
 Accounting auditors    Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee
 Management meetings
Group Compliance Committee
● Executive Officer System
The division of roles regarding decision-mak- ing and supervision functions and busi- ness-execution functions is clarified, and the term of office is set at one year in order to clarify responsibility regarding business execution.Corporation name
Paid-in capital (million yen)
Content of business
Address of headquarters office & website
Denkodo Co., Ltd.
2,866Sale of household electric appliances and related products, and incidental work and repair services
308 Sengarita Kamiyouden, Natori City, Miyagi Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/denkodo/
Hokuetsu K’s Co., LTD.
334
8-16-17 Meike, Chuo-ku, Niigata City, Niigata Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/hokuetsu/
GIGAS CORPORATION
2,124
2-130 Takayashiro, Meito-ku, Nagoya City, Aichi Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/gigas/
KANSAI K’s DENKI CO., LTD.
1,259
Asahi Seimei Namba Building 5F, 3-5-13 Nambanaka, Naniwa-ku, Osaka City, Osaka Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/kansai/
BIG•S CO., LTD.
253
1210 Tahikami-machi, Takamatsu City, Kagawa Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/big-s/
KYUSHU K’s DENKI CORPORATION
80
4-12 Tokaicho, Kagoshima City, Kagoshima Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/kyushu/
K’s Solution Systems Co., Ltd.
30
Cell phones, retail business, agency business
2-3-5 Sasano-cho, Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture
K’s Career Staff Co., Ltd.
10
Temporary staffing
Princess Building 1F, 1-4-7 Jonan, Mito City, Ibaraki Prefecture https:/ /kcs.ksdenki.co.jp/
Technical Arts Co., Ltd.
13
Technical support, classes
Minami Ikebukuro Hikari Building 6F, 2-15-1 Minami-ikebukuro, Toshima-ku, Tokyo https://technicalarts.co.jp/Discussions and reports regarding various business executionVarious divisions and offices and various group companies  ● Board of Directors
A regular meeting of the Board of Directors is in principle held once a month, and decisions regarding important matters and supervision regarding the status of business execution by direc- tors are carried out. The Board of Directors calls upon directors who are in charge of business execution to carry out such busi- ness execution based on the segregation of duties, and direc- tors make the necessary decisions regarding matters delegated to them in accordance with institutions or procedures stipulat- ed in regulations.
● Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee The Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee are voluntary committees that have been set up with the aim of ensuring transparency and fairness regarding the Board of Directors. Discussions are held regard- ing: agenda items of the General Meeting of Shareholders related to the Board of Directors; agenda items of the Board of Directors related to the selection of candidates for executive officers; the details of remuneration, etc. for directors and executive officers; and analysis and evaluations regarding the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, advice and proposals are provided to the Board of Directors.  ● Management meetings
The members of the management meetings are the directors exclud- ing outside directors, the senior executive officers, and the presidents and representative directors of subsidiaries, and these meetings are in principle held one a month. Discussions and decision-making are carried out regarding basic matters and important matters related to the business execution of departments and subsidiaries.
● Audit and Supervisory Committee
4 people (3 outside directors)
K’ s Denki is a “company with an audit and supervisory committee.” An internal audit office collaborates with the auditors of group companies. Supervision is carried out regarding business execution by directors, and an effort is made to strengthen management supervision functions.
Corporateprofile (ResultsforyearendedMarch2020)
Principle shareholders
(As of March 31, 2020)Company systems
In order to maximize corporate value for stake- holders, we strive to develop organizational systems and strengthen related operations, and aim to have systems that are based on improving management efficiency and strengthening man- agement supervision functions, in which we carry out highly transparent management that is in line with social norms and corporate ethics.
Relationship with local communities  33 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020
FC ・USHIO Co., Ltd. (Tottori Prefecture) ・OKAJIMA CO., LTD. (Yamanashi Prefecture)  ・Hamamatsu K’s Co., Ltd. (Shizuoka Prefecture)
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2020 34