What does it mean to “place importance on customers” ? We believe that “truly friendly service” refers to employees carefully listening to the wishes of customers, and recommending products that meet the needs of the customers. Some aspects of value and service and can only be provided when there is mediation by “humans.” In order to realize this, it is necessary to first of all create environments in which employees can work with enjoyment. In order to show how we have created these types of environments, we would like to introduce some numbers that show the status of K’s Denki employees and our initiatives in this regard.

● Creating environments without quotas and overtime work
It is not possible for us to provide “truly friendly service” to customers unless our employees are able to work with enjoyment and vitality. As such, we do not have quotas. Although our employees strive for the achievement of targets, these are not quotas. If there are quotas, there is chance that various methods will end up being used to try to sell customers products that they do not need. This is harm- ful to customers, and it dissuades customers from wanting to contin- ue using K’ s Denki. Thus, the most important thing is to first of all make it possible for employees to work with enjoyment and smiles. Part of this is creating environments without overtime work. The bedrock of this type of approach is “Gambaranai Keiei.” Things that can be done tomorrow should not be done today. We believe that doing overtime work in order to receive good results in the short term is meaningless in the context of busi- ness management, which is never-ending.
● Promoting utilization of paid holidays and taking of consecutive holidays
K’s Denki makes efforts to promote the utilization of
paid holidays and taking of consecutive holidays. Employees are thus proactively encouraged to take five consecutive days of paid leave.
● Approach regarding personnel expenses
For K’s Denki, the most important thing is our employees. In
order to get excellent human resources to join K’ s Denki and continue to work at K’s Denki for a long time, we do our best to provide ample wages and employee benefits. As such, we proactively make improvements to labor conditions, including wages and employee benefits.

 Supporting child-rearing
In 2017, we acquired “Platinum Kurumin” certifica-
tion as a company that is proactively engaging in
support for child-rearing. Furthermore, we acquired certifica- tion for “Eruboshi (the highest ranking),” and we were the first consumer electronics mass retailer to do so. This certification commends the active participation of women. Furthermore, in 2018, we opened an in-company nursery called “K’s & Lily Nursery.” Going forward, we will continue to develop environ- ments where employees can work with peace of mind.
● Support for nursing care
K’s Denki has a nursing-care leave system that makes
it possible for employees to take leaves for fixed peri-
ods of time in order to provide nursing care to loved ones while continuing to work, or while staying enrolled at the com- pany. With the aging of the population progressing in Japan, this will continue to be one of our most important systems.
● Introduction of “work interval system”
We have introduced a “work interval system” in
which an interval of at least 10 hours is set between
one work shift and the next. We believe that this system is needed in order to protect the health of employees.

● System for supporting acquisition of qualifications
We have a support system for the acquisition of qualifications that can be utilized for sales, such as
“Home Appliance Advisor Certification.” We proac-
tively support this through activities such as partially subsidiz- ing study materials for exam-taking, and paying special allow- ances after the acquisition of qualifications.