On July 1, 2020, we ended the free-of-charge pro-
vision of plastic-shopping bags, and started offering plas- tic-shopping bags to customers who need them for a fee. Furthermore, we have been progressively switching our plastic-shopping bags to ones that are made from biomass. This initiative has been helping to curb the excessive use of plastics.
● Logistics integration and participation in White Logistics Movement
We have been working to achieve logistics integration
through the joint operation of logistics with Nittsu NP Logistics. This involves consolidating products from manufacturers at a single location, dividing them for each store, and then delivering them to stores after loading them onto trucks. This is effective both for reducing costs and for reducing CO2 emissions. We also participate in the White Logistics Move- ment, and are aiming to further increase the efficiency of our logistics.

● Four specified items
In accordance with the Home Appliance Recycling Act, when we receive the “four specified items” televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners from customers, we collect a recycling collection and transportation fee from the customers, and then take responsi- bly for appropriately handing over the items to manufacturers for recycling.
● Recycling of small-consumer electronics
In accordance with the Small-Home Appliance
Recycling Act, when we receive used waste
consumer electronics from customers that are other than the “four specified items,” we collect a disposal fee from the customers and appropriately hand them over to a state-certified recycling business operator for recycling. Even though small-consumer electronics contain large amounts of rare metals such as gold, silver, and copper, most of the time only their iron and aluminum are recycled and they are disposed of in landfills. Thus, we support the recycling of small-consumer electronics in order to help reduce landfill shortages and achieve the steady supply of rare metals.

● Collection of used cell phones
Our company collects used cell phones. Cell phones contain large
amounts of rare metals such as gold, silver, and copper, so we
promote collecting and recycling them in order to achieve the effective use of resources. Furthermore, as part of our measures for the protection of personal information, when collecting cell phones in person, we thoroughly check to make sure that there is no physical damage, the data has been erased, and so on.
● Collection of compact rechargeable batteries and button batteries
As an initiative to protect human health and the environ-
ment from mercury, we participate in the Battery Association of Japan as a collection-supporting establishment for the collection of button batteries that contain trace amounts of mercury. Furthermore, based on the Act on the Promotion of Effective Utilization of Resources, we carry out the collection of used compact rechargeable batteries. We have garnered praise for these initiatives, and have received com- mendations from JBRC for six consecutive years (starting in 2015).
● Collection of used ink cartridges
We support initiatives related to “Ecorica” recyclable
ink cartridges in which ink cartridges that customers
have finished using are collected, cleaned and refilled with ink at factories, and then once again sold as products at stores. Eco- rica collection boxes are installed at our stores for this purpose.