                                   AnnAunanl uRaelpRoerpt ort 20210919
KyushKuyFuGshSuecFuGriSteiecsurities
                                              
                                                                                               CREATING A PROSPEROUS FUTURE TOGETHER WITH KYUSHU
 2
The Group will develop alongside local regions and actively contribute in the realization of a vigorous regional society and economy.
Group Management Philosophy
 1
The Group will respond to the trust and expectations of customers and will provide optimal, high-level comprehensive financial services to its customers.
 3
The Group will nurture an abundance of creativity and a free- spirited organizational culture, continuing to challenge itself to move toward a better future.
   Contents
1 Profile
2 Message from the Management
4 Financial Highlights
6 Medium-Term Management Plan 8 Key initiatives in FY2018
10 Achieving Sustainable Growth
~Together with our customers and the region~
16 Corporate Governance 18 Compliance
20 Risk Management
22 Management
23 Review of Financial Results
24 Consolidated Financial Statements
59 Independent Auditors’ Report
60 Non-Consolidated Financial Statements 68 Corporate Data
  Disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements
This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements, including estimates, forecasts, targets and plans. Such forward-looking state- ments are based on the information available and the assumptions deemed reasonable by management at the time of publication of the Annual Report, and do not represent any guarantee by management of future performance. We are under no obligation, and disclaim any obligation, to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
      
                                                                                                Prof ile
 The Kyushu Financial Group was born in 2015 through the management integration of two banks in Kyushu: The Higo Bank based in the Kumamoto prefecture and The Kagoshima Bank based in Kagoshima prefecture.
Kumamoto prefecture and Kagoshima prefecture are blessed with abundant natural resources, and are among the top agri- cultural producers in Japan. And even with the continuing trend of aging farmers, the industry is steadfastly growing due to the expansion of overseas distribution channels.
Moreover, in the tourism industry, tourists from other parts of Asia have increased due to the addition of more flights to the re- gions, and other factors. The increase in consumption of foreign tourists has had significant positive effects on the local economy.
However, it is an undisputed fact that these regions are facing issues such as a dwindling and aging population against declin- ing birth rates, as well as low interest rates and economic contraction.
The Kyushu Financial Group aims to “become Kyushu’s top comprehensive financial group for customers.” We strive to improve every day as we work towards maximizing the potential of our integrated management while tackling various issues such as further revitalizing the region.
Kyushu Financial Group, Inc.
 Location of head office: Location of headquarters:
Business:
Capital:
Fiscal year end:
Net Assets (consolidated):
Total assets (consolidated):
Listing exchange:
Accounting auditor:
Administrator of shareholder registry:
The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Established: Capital: Head Office:
Number of Branches: Number of Employees:
*As of the end of July 2019
6-6, Kinseicho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima prefecture
1, Renpeicho, Chuo-ku,Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto prefecture
Management of banks and companies that are permitted to be owned as subsidiaries under the Banking Act, and all other work incidental thereto
36.0 billion yen
31-Mar
652,317 billion yen
10,444,589 billion yen
Tokyo Stock Exchange, Fukuoka Stock Exchange Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
July 25, 1925
18.128 billion yen
1, Renpeicho, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto prefecture
124*
(118 main branch and branches, 5 subbranches, 1 overseas representative office)
2,191
 The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.
 Established: Capital: Head Office:
Number of Branches: Number of Employees:
*As of the end of July 2019
October 6, 1879
18.130 billion yen
6-6, Kinseicho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima prefecture
153*
(115 main branch and branches, 15 subbranches, 21 agencies, 2 overseas representative office)
2,149
Kyushu FG Securities, Inc.
 Established:
Capital:
Head Office:
Number of Branches: Number of Employees:
Long-term Ratings
June 1, 2017
3.0 billion yen
1-13-5 Koyamachi, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi, Kumamoto prefecture 4 (4 main branch and branches)
60
(As of the end of March 2019)
    Rating and Investment Rating and Investment S&P Global Ratings Rating and Investment S&P Global Ratings Information, Inc. Information, Inc. Japan Inc. Information, Inc. Japan Inc.
A+ A+ A- A+ A-
1
       
 The Kyushu Financial Group will aim to become a comprehensive finan- cial group which will be truly favored by customers and permanently contribute to the realization of a sustainable regional society.
President and Representative Director, Yoshihisa Kasahara
                                   Message from the Management
Thank you for your continued support of the Kyushu Financial Group.
At the Board of Directors meeting held after the recent Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, I was honored to have been appointed
President and Representative Director. Together with the officers and employees of the Group, I will continue to work toward the further growth and development of the region. I would like to take this opportunity to seek your further patronage and support.
Business environment
The Japanese economy in FY2 0 1 8 continued its path of moder- ate recovery against a background of steady growth in the global economy. Personal spending held firm based on improvements in the income and employment environments, and, while there was some weakness in housing investment and public spending, capi- tal investment increased. On the other hand, while the economy is projected to keep up its expansionary momentum, the slowdown in overseas economies, including the effects of trade friction
Key initiatives in FY2018
The Group established the 2nd Medium-Term Management Plan (Integration Stage) in April 2018. Aiming to be “Kyushu’s top com- prehensivefinancialgroupforcustomers,”theGroupisworkingon enhanced corporate value and sustainable growth of the Group with a basic strategy including three items: “evolution into a Group that co-creates regional vitality,”“strengthening of Group’s human resources,” and “raise the level of Group governance.”
During FY2018, the first year of the Plan, Kyushu FG Securities, which began operations in January 2018, worked with both Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank (hereinafter “Both Banks”) on sales of products that use a Kyushu FG Securities account. As a result of the efforts to correspond to customers’ needs and requests, the amount of sales of deposited assets (excluding public bonds and insurance) through cooperation between banks and securities reached 75.0 billion yen, showing a positive start.
To contribute to regional revitalization, the Group promoted efforts on providing solutions for customers and regions such as promoting investments and loans through funds jointly estab- lished and invested in by Both Banks, identifying and nurturing
between the United States and China, is expected to have an im- pact, leading to the weakening of exports and capital investment. The management environment surrounding regional banks will
remain severe due to population decline, the impact of negative interest rate policies, and other factors. Banks will also need to take action in response to digital technological innovations accompa- nying the progress in FinTech.
next-generation businesses through the “Kumamoto Tech Grand Prix” and “Future Creation Plan Contest,” and support for strength- ening businesses in the fields of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries as well as promoting tourism.
With the aim of promoting the integration of the Group, we have implemented ongoing exchanges involving transfers of personnel, in addition to joint training. Also aiming to further bolster benefits for Group employees and promote workstyle reform, the Group introduced a unified “selective defined contri- bution pension plan,” an early-morning work attendance system, an interval work attendance system, and a staggered work at- tendance system.
In addition, the Company has made the decision to construct a head office building as a further exertion of the Group’s combined strength. Not only bringing together head office functions and raising productivity, we will also create an environmentally-friend- ly, healthy, and comfortable office environment and contribute to ensuring the safety of the region with the aim of improved safety in the event of a large-scale disaster.
  2

                                  Initiatives in FY2019
Both Banks began their own trust businesses in April 2 0 1 9, which was the first direct approach as a bank of a regional financial group in Kyushu. Through connections between “banks, securities, and trusts,” we will provide one-stop services matched to the customer’s stage of life in terms of “saving,”“growing,” and “bequeathing.”
In April 2019, Kagoshima Bank opened a representative office in Taipei, which will strengthen its links with existing representa- tive offices operated by Both Banks in Shanghai, and support the broader development of customers.
In addition, in July 2019, the Company’s Fukuoka Building opened in Fukuoka City, which will be tenanted by Group companies includ- ing the Kagoshima Bank Fukuoka Branch, Higo Bank Fukuoka Branch (Fukuoka corporate sales office), and the Kyushu Economic Research Institute, and strengthen its function as a sales and information base in Fukuoka.
Moreover, we will further promote the integration of the Group and work on initiatives to improve productivity and raise the level of Group governance.
Going forward, as a regional comprehensive financial group with its main management foundation in South Kyushu, we will
work on connecting metropolitan/urban and overseas areas with the region for evolution into a “Group that co-creates regional vitality” so that a “vigorous regional society and economy” can be achieved together with customers and local regions.
Kyushu Financial Group Fukuoka Building
  Toward the realization of a sustainable regional society
 The Group is working on initiatives to assist in sustainable eco- nomic development and the creation of sustainable communities in the region. To reinforce these initiatives further, we established the Sustainability Management Office, with the goal of taking on perspectives such as those of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) drawn up by the United Nations, and of Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG), in order to systematically manage sustainable business activities for the Group as a whole. We also drew up a “Sustainability Declaration,” becoming the first regional bank in Kyushu to do so. In addition to social contribution activi- ties such as nature conservation, the Group is reinforcing initia- tives aimed at resolving issues faced by the region and society.
  Sustainability Declaration
1. Initiatives for the creation of a sustainable society We will work on the creation of a society
where each customer and person in the region can feel happiness and satisfaction over the future through environmentally- friendly management practices.
We, the Kyushu Financial Group, support the concept of SDGs established by the United Na- tions and declare that officers and employees of the Group will responsibly work on the SDGs.
2. Initiatives for growth of the regional economy We will contribute to the sustainable growth
of the regional economy by making full use of the strengths of a regional comprehen- sive financial group, and assisting custom- ers and local regions in solving their issues.
3. Initiatives for dissemination and expansion We will have closer dialogue with custom-
ers and local regions, and expand our net- work of activities to make the overall region a sustainable society.
   Our mission
The Group aims to be “Kyushu’s top comprehensive financial group for customers,” and provides comprehensive financial services tailored to each of our customers in addition to mak- ing lasting contributions to the creation of sustainable regional
communities that take into account the special characteristics of the region.
We sincerely appreciate your further support and encourage- ment.
 3

                                 Financial Highlights
     Year ended March 31, 2019
 170,322
 33,717
 22,202
  11.34%
  Item
Ordinary income Ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Capital adequacy ratio
Item
Ordinary income
Gross income from business
Year-to-year change
5,625
4,336
2,807
(0.45%)
Year-to-year change
5,229
(29)
(Millions of yen)
Year ended March 31, 2018
164,696
29,381
19,395
11.79%
Year ended March 31, 2018
70,428
52,203
37,186
14,720
16,173
17,971
12,311
Year ended March 31, 2018
66,742
46,920
33,858
17,060
16,793
15,711
10,991
Year ended March 31, 2018
18
(518)
(520)
             (Millions of yen)
  Year ended March 31, 2019
 75,658
 52,174
 36,129
 15,614
 16,177
 18,170
 12,495
         Expenses (1,056)
  Net income from core business Net income from business Ordinary profit
Net income
Item
Ordinary income
Gross income from business Expenses
Net income from core business Net income from business Ordinary profit
Net income
Kyushu FG Securities
Profit and loss Item
Operating revenue Ordinary profit Net income
894
3
199
183
Year-to-year change
(1,415)
4,726
(257)
1,350
1,635
1,707
1,033
Year-to-year change
999
381
380
(Millions of yen)
           Year ended March 31, 2019
 65,327
 51,646
 33,601
 18,410
 18,428
 17,418
 12,024
                    (Millions of yen)
  Year ended March 31, 2019
 1,018
 (137)
 (140)
           4

                                Deposits
(Non-consolidated total of the two Banks)
Loans
(Non-consolidated total of the two Banks)
Capital Adequacy Ratio (KFG Consolidated)
Individual
82,976 6,900
19,936
End of Mar. 2017
Corporate
85,907 7,557
20,852
End of Mar. 2018
Corporate
64,863 10,063
22,658
End of Mar. 2018
Core Capital
12.38%
End of Mar. 2017
Capital adequacy ratio
(100 mil. yen)
      56,138
Deposits (Higo Bank)
Loans (Higo Bank)
Capital Adequacy Ratio (Higo Bank)
Individual
45,515 4,320
10,744
End of Mar. 2017
Public funds, etc.
(100 mil. yen)
46,230
3,839 11,016
End of Mar. 2019
Public sector
(100 mil. yen)
34,884
5,858 11,408
End of Mar. 2019
Capital adequacy ratio
(100 mil. yen)
57,497
Corporate
46,941 4,847
11,076
End of Mar. 2018
Individual
30,610 5,013
10,276
End of Mar. 2017
Corporate
32,464 5,291
10,823
End of Mar. 2018
Core Capital
11.52%
End of Mar. 2017
11.08%
End of Mar. 2018
10.73%
End of Mar. 2019
Public funds, etc.
(100 mil. yen)
85,813
6,329 21,120
End of Mar. 2019
Individual
61,111 9,461
20,974
End of Mar. 2017
Public sector
(100 mil. yen)
68,960
10,536
24,257
End of Mar. 2019
58,362
30,675
32,141
34,166
5,833
11.79%
End of Mar. 2018
End of Mar. 2019
11.34%
6,015
    5,889
          30,450
Deposits (Kagoshima Bank)
Loans (Kagoshima Bank)
CapitalAdequacyRatio(KagoshimaBank)
Individual
37,460 2,580
9,191
End of Mar. 2017
Public funds, etc.
(100 mil. yen)
39,582
2,489 10,104
End of Mar. 2019
Equity securities Debt securities
Beneficiary certificates, etc.
2,120 1,187 711 End of Mar.
2018
(Millions of yen) 60,616
7,139
10,830
End of Mar. 2019
Individual Corporate
169
146
End of Mar. 2018
(Reference)
Number of accounts opened 2,131
(Number of accounts)
31,018
Corporate
38,966 2,710
9,776
End of Mar. 2018
Individual
30,501 4,447
10,698
End of Mar. 2017
Public sector
(100 mil. yen)
34,075
4,677 12,849
End of Mar. 2019
Capital adequacy ratio
(100 mil. yen)
31,374
15,320
16,349
Corporate
32,398 4,772
11,834
End of Mar. 2018
Core Capital
11.20%
End of Mar. 2017
10.72%
End of Mar. 2018
10.35%
End of Mar. 2019
17,617
2,591
2,662
2,748
          25,688
Deposited assets
Number of accounts (Number of accounts with balances)
Commission received
(Thousands of yen)
Brokerage
26,479
26,988
15,355
15,791
16,549
2,684
2,703
2,766
   221
23
26,904
226,639
Fees for offering, secondary distribution and solicitation for selling and others for professional investors
185,013
(Year ended March 31, 2019)
42,646
11,649
474
Other commission
11,175
commission received 14,721
 End of Mar. 2019
20,807
5

                                     Medium-Term Management Plan
The “Integration Stage,” which maximizes group synergy the management foundation built in the Collaboration
Given structural problems in the region and the management environment surrounding regional financial institutions, the Kyushu Financial Group identified the following as the Group’s management challenges: “contributing to local revitalization,” “enhancing comprehensive financial capability,” “raising the level of Group governance,” and “enhancing human resource development.” In order to grow as a regional comprehensive financial group together with customers and local regions, the Group established the 2nd Medium-Term Management Plan for enhanced corporate value and sustainable growth.
     Positioning of the Group’s 2nd Medium-Term Management Plan
      Basic policy
Establish a management foundation to provide the optimal and best services to customers
Three management bases
1 “Comprehensive financial capability” to meet various customer needs
2 “Branding”
trusted by stakeholders
3 “Organization management capability” to optimize the entire Group
Based on management foundations built in the Collaboration Stage, the Group will work on integration of the Group with a sense of urgency to be- come “Kyushu’s top comprehensive financial group for customers” and tie that into sustainable growth.
Kyushu’s top comprehensive financial group for customers
     Integration synergy
Collaboration synergy
Quality of parent
Group synergy
      6
Group’s 1st Medium-Term Management Plan [Collaboration Stage]
October 2015
April 2018
April 2021
Group’s 2nd Medium-Term Management Plan [Integration Stage]
  
                                         based on Stage
   Basic policy
Maximizing group synergy toward providing the optimal and best services to customers
Basic strategy
Evolution into a Group that co-creates regional vitality
Strengthening of Group’s human resources
Raise the level of Group governance
Item
    1 2 3
Strategic pillars
1. Enhancement of human resources management 2. Enhancement of human resources development
    * Business profits from services provided to customers:
Average balance of loans × interest margin for loans and deposits + fees and commissions – expenses
1. Enhancement of regional comprehensive financial functions 2. Demonstration of function of promoting regional industry
 1. Enhancement of business management structure 2. Improvement of productivity
Numerical targets
Target for final year
Results for FY2018
Reference
 Growth
  Average balance of loans
 ¥7.6 trillion
 ¥6.7 trillion
 Simple sum of two banks
  Average balance of deposits/NCD
  ¥9.2 trillion
  ¥8.5 trillion
 Profitability
Net income
¥25,000 million
¥22,200 million
Consolidated
  Business profits from services provided to customers*
  ¥14,000 million
  ¥12,100 million
 Return on shareholders’ equity
4% level
3.7%
 Efficiency
  OHR
  Under 70%
  68.2%
 Financial soundness
 Capital adequacy ratio
 10% or higher
 11.34%
    7

                                                                                                 Key initiatives in FY2018
    Establishing connections between “banks, securities, and trusts”
With the launch of trust businesses by Both Banks from April 2019, we became the first regional financial group in Kyushu to have put in place within the group a system that enables the provision of one-stop services matched to customer needs such as inheritance, or to the customer’s stage of life in terms of “saving,”“growing,” and “leaving.” Going forward, we will work to provide even more specialized financial products and services, so as to respond to the diversification of customer needs.
Bank
Exploring potential needs and make one-stop proposals based on trust relationships with cus- tomers
Reinforce relationships by provid- ing various channels
Provide one-stop comprehensive financial services through connections between banks, securities, and trusts
     Securities
High expertise for asset man- agement
Proposals for sophisticated management approaches
Promotion of investment trusts, structured bonds, etc.
Trusts
High expertise for passing on assets
Realization of customer’s wants for passing on assets
8
     
                                                                                                    Strengthening the Group’s human resources
In order to nurture professional personnel and construct a framework for the optimal allocation of human resources to realize the strategy, the Group will work on the enhancement of human resources management and human resources development.
    FY2020
Strengthening of Group’s human resources (increase human resources based on the strategy)
   Develop capabilities of the Group’s human resources (e.g., development of capability data management tools)
Integration of personnel systems and facilitation of personnel utilization
Preparation for establishing a body specialized in nurturing human resources in the Group and region
Drastic reform of hiring methods
Hiring
Integration of programs (holding 11 joint job fairs, introduction of common tools for hiring and public relations, etc.)
Establishment of unified Group hiring management
Development
Implementation of “next-generation leadership development training”
(January 2018 - March 2019) *to be continued in FY2019
Joint implementation of overseas training for branch chiefs and junior/mid-level employees, and training for new employees
Personnel exchanges (20 employees: one year, six branch chiefs: two years) to be continued
Joint training for new employees Joint overseas training Personnel exchanges
System (benefits)
Decision on introduction of a unified “selective defined contribution pension plan” throughout the Group in FY2020
   FY2018
Group’s unified platform
(facilitating integration of human resources departments)
FY2019
Enhancement of human resources management and human resources development
     Workstyle reform
Introduction of “early-morning work attendance system,” “interval work attendance system,” and “staggered work attendance system,” and study on introducing “flextime” Starting trials for teleworking (introduction of “peeping pre- vention system” using face recognition technology)
Teleworking
9
  Enhance regional comprehensive financial functions/ demonstrate function of promoting regional industry
Realize strategic allocation of human resources

                                   Achieving Sustainable Growth ~Together with our customers and the region~
The Kyushu Financial Group works to solve various issues concerning customers and the region from environmental, social, and governance perspectives, in order to contribute to the sustainable development of regional society and economy and increase corporate value through these initiatives.
 Sustainability Declaration
We, the Kyushu Financial Group, support the concept of SDGs established by the United Nations and declare that officers and em- ployees of the Group will respon- sibly work on the SDGs.
1
Initiatives for the creation of a sustainable society
We will work on the creation of a society where each customer and person in the region can feel happi- ness and satisfaction over the future through environmentally-friendly management practices.
2
Initiatives for growth of the regional economy
We will contribute to the sustainable growth of the regional economy by making full use of the strengths of a regional comprehensive financial group, and assisting customers and local regions in solving their issues.
3
Initiatives for dissemination and expansion
We will have closer dialogue with cus- tomers and local regions, and expand our network of activities to make the overall region a sustainable society.
      Regional structural issues
Population outflow
Low birthrate, aging population
Shrinkage of regional industry
Group Management Philosophy
1
The Group will respond to the trust and expectations of customers and will pro- vide optimal, high-level comprehensive financial services to its customers.
2
The Group will develop alongside local regions and actively contribute in the realization of a vigorous regional society and economy.
3
The Group will nurture an abundance of creativity and a free-spirited organiza- tional culture, continuing to challenge itself to move toward a better future.
            10
Key issues sustainable
Key issues
 Creation of an environmentally friendly region
 Creation of a regional foundation to support
all people
  Creation of a workplace and region where all people take an active part
  Creation of an organization needed from the region
  
                                    Vision
Become Kyushu’s top comprehensive financial group for customers
11
 addressed by the Kyushu Financial Group for the creation of regional communities
Actions taken Related SDGs
   Practice environmentally responsible management and nurturing envi- ronmental awareness in the region
Three pillars of groundwater conservation activities
[Forests] Cultivate watershed protection forests: Tree planting in
Aso Daikan no Mori
[Rice paddies] Utilize watershed protection functions: Rice planting in Aso Mizukake no Tanada (Aso terraced rice paddies)
[Grass fields] Conserve watershed protection functions: Maintaining Aso no Sogen (Aso grassland)
Promotion of disaster-resistant towns
Promotion of ESG-related investments and loans
Support for commercialization by utilizing regional resources Initiatives for CO2 reduction such as reduction of use of paper resources
 Strengthen initiatives for promoting regional industry and supporting reconstruction
Provide support for regional vitalization through support of business succession
Provide fair financial services in the era of FinTech, IT, and cashless trans- actions
Provide financial services without regional disparity
Nurture awareness of support for the socially vulnerable
Support to eliminate regional disparity in healthcare
 Provide financial products and services tailored to diverse needs Practice health management, and support for health enhancement for customers and regions
Strengthen initiatives to empower women
Implement financial education activities for improved financial literacy and provide equal opportunities for education
Nurture personnel who solve customer and regional issues Enhancement of systems to promote diversified work styles
 Ongoing practice of Group’s sound management
Eliminate anti-social forces and eradication of social misconduct Develop alliances and trends to take region-wide initiatives for realiza- tion of a sustainable society
  
                                 Environment
The Kyushu Financial Group is engaged in environmentally responsible management through business activities and various social contribution activities to protect the region’s rich natural environments and ensure that they can be enjoyed for generations to come.
  Amount of environment-related financing
¥14.1 billion
Balance of environmentally responsible time deposits
¥212.5 billion
 Support for recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
In 2019, we showed our support for the recommendations of the “Task Force on Climate-re- lated Financial Disclosures (TCFD*).”We will proceed with analysis of risks and opportunities of businesses affected by climate change, and counter them through disclosure of related information.
*The private sector-led task force was established according to the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board in December 2015 for the purpose of reinforced disclosure of corporate information concerning climate change.
  Governance
  In March 2 0 1 9, deliberations on the “Guideline for Investments and Loans” were made at the Group Management Council to promote investments and loans that would solve environmental and social issues including climate change, with a report made to the Board of Directors
 Strategy
Identify environmental and social issues to be addressed with priority (identify material issues for the entire sustain- ability framework)
Support for decarbonation initiatives (reduction of CO2) under the “Guideline for Investments and Loans”
Initiatives for promotion of renewable energy
 Risk management
  Establish a comprehensive risk management system including credit risk management and operational risk management
 Goal and numerical targets
 Calculate greenhouse gas emissions for Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank
    12
Participation in the TCFD Consortium
For the effective disclosure of climate-related information, we take advantage of the TCFD Consortium (*) and exchange information with
other corporations and financial institutions which support these recommendations.
*TCFD Consortium
Established on May 27, 2019, as a body for discussions on initiatives for effective information disclosure by companies and for proper investment decisions by financial institutions based on information disclosed.

                                   Related SDGs
 Tackling environmental issues through social contribution activities (Eco-friendly bank branches, groundwater conservation activities, etc.)
Three pillars of groundwater conservation activities
Higo Bank is working on groundwater conservation activities with “forests,”“rice paddies,” and “grasslands” as the three pillars.
Kagoshima Environment Partners Agreement
As a part of environmental conservation activities, Kagoshima Bank signed the “Kagoshima Environment Partners Agreement” with Kagoshima Prefecture. Based on this Agreement, we participate in the “afforestation project by companies to nurture the environ- ment” and work on forest management focused on thinning. With the expansion of the afforestation project, we will contribute to environmental conservation by reinforcing forest functions to ab- sorb CO2 and other multilateral functions such as landslide disaster prevention.
Creation of eco-friendly bank branches
The Group aims at creating its branches to be in harmony with the townscape, with consideration on environmental aspects and barrier-free designs.
   Forests
Cultivate watershed protection forests
Tree planting in Aso Daikan no Mori
Number of trees planted: 130 thousand trees (cumulative total)
Utilize watershed protection functions
  Rice Rice planting in Aso Mizukake no Tanada (Aso terraced rice paddies)
paddies
Grass- Conserve watershed protection functions
 Rice planted area: 10 ha (cumulative total)
 lands Maintaining Aso no Sogen (Aso grassland)
“National Park Official Partner” agreement
We are carrying out initiatives to promote tourism at the national park areas located in Kumamoto and Kagoshima, out of the eight national parks designated by the Ministry of the Environment’s “Project to Fully Enjoy National Parks.”
        Aso Kuju National Park Kirishima-Kinkowan National Park
Eco-friendly bank branch
13

                                 Society
The Kyushu Financial Group will support regional long-term growth and create a “vigorous regional society and economy” together with local regions and customers by demonstrating regional comprehensive financial functions and regional industry promotion function.
  *The amount of joint funds indicates cumulative results from October 2015 to March 2019 while other items indicate results for FY2018.
 Regional revitalization
Partnerships with local governments
Aiming at realizing a “vigorous regional society and economy” which is essential for sustainable regional development, we have partnership agreements with local governments concerning regional revitalization and utilization of regional resources such as historic buildings and agricultural products.
Comprehensive Collaboration Agreement on Regional Revitalization
Kumamoto City, Aso City, Uki City, and Mashiki Town Collaboration Agreement on Utilization of Historic Buildings, etc.
Hitoyoshi City and Kosa Town
Agreement relating to Mutual Cooperation and Collaboration for Regional Revitalization Minamikyushu City, Satsuma Town, Kirishima City, Kimotsuki Town, Ebino City, and Ibusuki City Comprehensive Business Cooperation Agreement, etc. Hioki City, Satsumasendai City, Minamisatsuma City, Tarumizu City, and Kanoya City
Diversity and work-life balance
Empowerment of women
We actively work on such initiatives as “support for balancing work with childcare and nursing care,”“training for career development,”and“work style reform.”
Female managers As of March 31, 2019 Childcare support Results in FY2018 Higo Bank Kagoshima Bank
24 11 135 46
people people people people
Support for founders
We held a contest to support entrepreneurs and students who are going to take a new step with a vision for regional vitalization and nurturing venture-minded people.
Promotion of cashless transactions
“YOCADO KAGOSHIMA,”
a commercial facility
located on the first and
second floors of the
Annex Building, Head
Office, Kagoshima Bank, opened in June 2019, in- troduced cashless settlement at all stores. Through taking active initiatives as a bank that handles cash, the bank is facilitating the spread of cashless settlement in the region.
In-house daycare centers
In-house daycare centers are established to pro- vide an environment where people can work and raise children without worry.
Higokko no Mori Daycare Center
               14
Cumulative total*
Joint funds ¥8.7billion
Number of staff who took childcare leave
Loans executed
for supporting restoration ¥
billion
Number of staff on short-time working
234.7
   Kagin Daycare Center Yumeiro
Higo Bank Kagoshima Bank

                                   Related SDGs
 Regional contribution
Promotion of culture and sports
Recovery and restoration of cultural artifacts
The Group’s donated a total amount of 2.0 billion yen in three years to help recover and restore cultural artifacts affected by the Kumamoto Earthquake, such as Kumamoto Castle and Aso Shrine.
Donation ceremony
Support for local sport teams
Promotion of regional sports
We are working to contribute to the region through athletic sports by pro- viding opportunities for female track and field athletes within the prefecture.
     Higo Bank Women’s Ekiden Club
Kagoshima Bank Athletics Club
Sponsorship for Women’s Handball World Championship
  In addition to support and volun- teering activities for the Kumamoto Castle Marathon and Kagoshima Marathon, we have entered into contracts as an official partner of Kagoshima United FC (soccer team) and Kagoshima Rebnise (basketball team) to take active initiatives for promoting sports.
Social contribution
Bank on wheels
HarmoniCar, a bank on wheels, is operated with the goals of improving customer conve- nience and facilitating business continuity planning (BCP) during times of disaster. We provide financial services in areas with few bank branches, event sites, and other various places.
As an official sponsor of the Women’s Handball World Cham- pionship 2 0 1 9, we contribute to regional vitalization through sports.
Financial education
As a part of financial education for elementary school students, a “money class” is conducted every year. In 2019, an SDGs learning program was launched for children to develop their “skills for living sustainably.”We also hold the Kagoshima regional tournament of the All Japan High School Economics Quiz Tourna- ment (Economics Koshien).
  Sponsorship for Smile Baby Project
Privately-placed bonds that include donations
In commemoration of the issuance of privately-placed bonds by our partners, we donate educational materials and other goods to schools designated by our partners. We are actively working on offering learning opportunities including study, sports, and cultural activities for children to encourage their future growth.
Commemorating the official partner contract with Kagoshima United FC
Sponsorship for Women’s Handball World Championship 2019
    Money class
  The “Hajimetebako (first box)” is handed out to families raising children in Ka- goshima Prefecture. Kagoshima Bank offers goods featuring our original character “SHIRODON” to encourage the healthy growth of children who will cre- ate the future.
Hajimetebako (first box)
  15

                                 Corporate Governance
Basic Philosophy on Corporate Governance
Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. is the holding company of a regional financial group that has under its aegis The Higo Bank, Ltd., THE KAGOSHIMA BANK, LTD. and Kyushu FG Securities Establishment Pre-Opening, Inc. Our Group has established the Group manage- ment philosophy, and in order to implement it, adheres to laws and regulations and works to carry out appropriate business decision making and operations, while striving to enhance the corporate governance by improving management transparency, openness and soundness.
In addition, our Group has established and released “Corporate Governance Guidelines” for the sustainable growth of the Group and the improvement of medium to long-term corporate values. Officers and employees of our Group share these “Corporate Governance Guidelines,” fully understand the intent and are putting it into practice.
(URL: https://www.kyushu-fg.co.jp/company/governance.html)
Corporate Governance System Overview
A system where the Board of Directors of the Company, comprising 10 Directors (including 2 Outside Directors), supervises manage- ment decision making and execution of the duties of the Directors and the 5 Corporate Auditors (including 3 Outside Corporate Auditors) and the Board of Corporate Auditors audit execution of company operations is determined appropriate for the improvement of management efficiency and the strengthening of corporate governance, and thus the Company currently takes the form of a com- pany with Board of Corporate Auditors.
Board of Directors and Directors
The Board of Directors comprises 8 Directors from the Group who are thoroughly familiar with the financial business, as well as 2 Outside Directors who have a high degree of independence in supervising the entire management of the Group from a neutral and objective perspective. The main role of the Board is making decisions on matters stipulated by laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation, as well as important operational matters related to the management of the Group, and supervising execution of the du- ties by the Directors.
Board of Corporate Auditors and Corporate Auditors
The Board of Corporate Auditors comprises 2 Corporate Auditors from the Group who are thoroughly familiar with the financial busi- ness and possess suitable knowledge of finance and accounting, as well as 3 Outside Corporate Auditors (including 1 female Corporate Auditor) who have a high degree of independence in conducting audits to secure Group soundness and legality from a neutral and objective perspective. The Board carries out audits of the operations and financial conditions of the Group based on the Standards for Audits Conducted by Corporate Auditors, etc. auditing standards set by the Board.
Nominating and Remuneration Committee
This Committee meets to discuss matters related to the nomination and remuneration of management and Corporate Auditors with the aim of providing a venue for Representative Directors and outside officers to exchange opinions, etc., to raise the transparency and fairness of the decision-making process, and to assist in strengthening corporate governance.
Group Management Council
The Group Management Council comprises the Representative Directors and Directors, etc., and discusses and decides matters en- trusted to it by the Board of Directors as well as deliberates important matters regarding management, and works to enrich and en- liven deliberation for prompt and decisive decision making.
  16

                                   Related SDGs
Committees
In order to effectively, efficiently and promptly respond to the cross-organizational issues of the Group, the following 5 committees have been established, and they regularly meet to discuss the matters under their respective jurisdictions.
(Organizational Integration and Headquarters Building Construction Committee)
Combines Group organization and functions (integration, consolidation and unification), and conducts discussions on construction of the headquarters building
(New Business Development Committee)
Mainly discusses new businesses that contribute to strengthened consolidated Group revenue, the development of new revenue streams, as well as new markets in and outside Japan and in the Group’s business domain
(Digital Innovation Committee)
Formulates policies and strategies for utilizing and developing a foundation for digital technology that transforms the Group’s marketing, business processes, and other areas, and discusses their realization and effectiveness
(Comprehensive Budgeting Committee)
Formulates the Group comprehensive budget based on the Medium-Term Management Plan, manages progress and operates the risk appetite framework
(ALM Committee)
Comprehensively manages assets and liabilities for the entire Group, and performs revenue management against risks
(CR Committee)
Manages the Group’s strict compliance with laws, regulations, customer protection and other issues, as well as comprehensively manages such points as operational risk
Corporate Governance Framework
    Appointment/ Dismissal
General Meeting of Shareholders
  Appointment/ Dismissal
 Collaboration
   Board of Corporate Auditors
Audit
Appointment/ Dismissal
  Corporate Auditors/ Outside Corporate Auditors
Accounting Auditor
    Audit Report
   Accounting Audit
  Audit
Board of Directors
    Directors/Outside Directors
Nominating and Remuneration Committee
  Collaboration
Audit Report
 Collaboration
     Group Management Council
Committees
  Audit Division
  Tabling of Issues/Reports
Organizational Integration and Headquarters Building Construction Committee
 New Business Development Committee Digital Innovation Committee Comprehensive Budgeting Committee ALM Committee
CR Committee
     Internal Audit
    Consultation /Report
Each division
  Management
     The Higo Bank Group
The Kagoshima Bank Group
Kyushu FG Securities
17
Consultation /Report

                                 Compliance
Compliance Basic Policy
The Group positions compliance as one of the most crucial management issues, and we are engaged in thorough compliance based on the following three principles.
1. We recognize our social responsibilities and public mission, and we earn the trust of society through the sound and appropriate op-
eration of our business.
2. We adhere to laws and regulations, rules and internal regulations, and we carry out sincere and fair corporate activities based on so-
cial norms and management philosophy.
3. In order to ensure the soundness and appropriateness of our business operations, we break off any relations with anti-social forces,
etc. that threaten the order and safety of society.
Compliance Management System
The Group has established the “Compliance Basic Policy,” which sets out our basic position and thinking towards compliance, and we are engaged in thorough compliance.
The Group has established a Compliance and Risk Management Division as a division to oversee compliance mat- ters of the Group, and convenes the Compliance Committee with the President as its chairperson. In the Committee we re- port and hold discussions on the status of compliance manage- ment and the status of management against anti-social forces, in our efforts to maintain and enrich our compliance system.
Additionally, we have formulated a compliance program as a specific practical plan to achieve thorough compliance and by doing so we are engaged in the strengthening of our com- pliance system.
Initiatives for preventing money laundering, etc.
With the Group’s recognition that the deterrence of organized crime by preventing money laundering and terrorism financing (“money laundering, etc.”) is a universal issue, the Group is fully committed to preventing money laundering, etc., as one of the highest priori- ties in the management of its business, and complies with all relevant laws and regulations to address the issue. Specifically, the Group establishes unified policies and regulations for the issue throughout the Group, ensures conducting checks at the time of transaction, detects any unusual transactions through systems and other tools, and makes notification on any suspicious transactions to prevent money laundering, etc.
[Basic Policies for Preventing Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing]
Kyushu Financial Group (hereafter, “Kyushu FG”) is fully committed to preventing money laundering, etc., as one of the highest priorities in the management of its business. As such, Kyushu FG shall comply with all relevant laws and regulations, and shall establish effective control environments.
1. Involvement of management
The management fully understands that money laundering, etc., can be a major operational risk to Kyushu FG. Therefore, Kyushu FG
shall come up with a system of sophisticated measures to prevent money laundering, etc. in an independent and proactive manner.
2. Risk-based approaches
Kyushu FG shall take into consideration the results of national risk assessments (National Risk Assessment of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) etc., as part of comprehensive and concrete investigations on risks pertaining to its products and services, forms
     Board of Directors
 Group Management Council
 Compliance Committee
 Compliance management
Management of customer protection, etc. Management against anti-social forces, etc.
 (Secretariat Office) Compliance and Risk Management Division
         The Higo Bank Group
The Kagoshima Bank Group
Kyushu FG Securities
  18

                                of transactions, regions and countries involved in transactions, and customer attributes. Kyushu FG shall identify and assess potential
risks like money laundering, etc., and shall come up with suitable measures to reduce risks.
3. Customer management
Kyushu FG shall conduct appropriate checks at the time of transaction and manage customers in accordance with the customer’s attributes and the transaction at hand. In addition, Kyushu FG shall conduct regular surveys and analysis of transaction records and revise its customer management measures accordingly.
4. Economic sanctions and the freezing of assets
Kyushu FG shall take appropriate approaches to dealing with those who are the target of economic sanctions, including the cessa- tion of business relations and the freezing of assets.
5. Notification of suspicious transactions
Kyushu FG shall take appropriate steps to notify the authorities in the event it encounters suspicious transactions in the course of its routine work and monitoring. In addition, if necessary, Kyushu FG shall use the situation surrounding the notification to reinforce its own management stance.
6. Management of correspondent banks
Kyushu FG shall regularly check up on a correspondent bank’s management stance to money laundering, etc. In the event that the correspondent bank turns out to be a shell bank or an institution that is allowed to be used by a shell bank, Kyushu FG shall not en- ter into or continue contracts with the correspondent bank in question.
7. Implementation of training, etc.
Kyushu FG shall conduct appropriate and ongoing training according to the roles of staff, and maintain and improve its expertise and suitability as an organization as a whole by enhancing its understanding of issues relating to the prevention of money launder- ing, etc., among all employees.
8. Inspections of compliance status
Kyushu FG shall regularly inspect its compliance status in terms of the prevention of money laundering, etc., and work to make on- going improvements based on the results of these inspections.
Exclusion of Anti-Social Forces
The Group is resolutely against anti-social forces who pose a threat to the order and safety of civil society, and we are carrying out ef- forts to create a system that blocks out relations with anti-social forces, as well as making efforts to eradicate all dealings with anti- social forces. Specifically, we are strengthening our response towards the exclusion of dealings with anti-social forces through the creation of a response policy and regulations, etc. against anti-social forces, the expansion of Group-wide anti-social forces database, and the introduction of anti-social forces exclusionary provisions in our legal contracts.
(Basic Response Policy to Anti-Social Forces)
The Group is resolutely against anti-social forces who pose a threat to the order and safety of civil society, and we have formulated the following basic policy to block all relations with anti-social forces based on our “Compliance Basic Policy.”
1. Any inappropriate demands by anti-social forces shall be met with a legal response, both civilly and criminally, by the entire
organization.
2. Close relations shall be built from peacetime with outside specialist organizations, such as police and lawyers, etc., to prepare a re-
sponse against anti-social forces.
3. All ties that include business dealings shall be blocked with anti-social forces.
4. Absolutely no funding shall be provided and no profits granted to anti-social forces.
5. A management position, etc. shall be prepared to exclude anti-social forces and prevent any business dealings.
 19

                                 Risk Management
Status of Risk Management System
The Group positions risk management as one of the most crucial management issues, and the Company and compa- nies within the Group are working together to strengthen risk management.
The Group is working to build up a risk management system by establishing the Compliance and Risk Management Division as a division to assume overall control for risk management, and convening the ALM Committee and Risk Management Committee with the President as their chairperson so that the status of credit risks, market risks, liquidity risks and operational risks are reported and discussed.
Risk Management Basic Policy
The Group positions risk management as one of the most crucial management issues to respond to the trust given to us by our cus- tomers, shareholders, officers and employees and the regional society.
We are engaged in management that prioritizes the balance between the stable profitability and the soundness and appropriate- ness of business operation, and in order to work towards establishing an unshakable management base, we work to have an accurate understanding of all of the risks faced by the entire Group, and we suitably manage these risks in light of our management resources (equity capital amount).
Integrated Risk Management
Integrated risk management is the integration of the various risks faced by the Group, the integrated assessment of the ripple effects of risks within the Group as well as risks specific to the Group system that cannot be addressed by the individual companies within the Group, and the management of these risks through comparing and contrasting with the Group’s management resources (equity capi- tal amount).
To optimize risk and return for the Group, the credit risks, market risks, liquidity risks and operational risks occurring in Group op- erations are quantitatively and qualitatively assessed and evaluated, and then integrated risk management takes place controlling the risks within the range of the management resources (equity capital amount) by appropriately dealing with the risks, as necessary, from in advance to after the fact.
Credit Risk Management
Credit risk refers to the risk of the Group incurring losses through the depreciation or loss of value of an asset (including off-balance as- sets) through the deterioration of financial condition of a party granted credit by the Group.
Credit risk management involves the timely and accurate assessment and evaluation of credit risk to the Group, and, through the appropriate management of the risk, we are working to maintain soundness of our assets and realize stable profitability.
Cyber Security and Risk Management
In response to the various threats directly faced by the Group, including cybercrime, the Group is working on appropriate cyber secu- rity and risk management in accordance with the scale and characteristics of the inherent risks of each group company.
Specifically, we have established a CSIRT (Computer Security Incident Response Team), consisting of the relevant departments, un- der the supervision of the CISO (Chief Information Security Officer), and are working to upgrade our management system and prevent the spread of any damage.
     ALM Committee
Board of Directors
 Group Management Council
  Risk Management Committee
  Credit risk management Market risk management liquidity risk management, etc.
(Secretariat office)Compliance and Risk Management Division
Operational
risk management, etc.
          The Higo Bank Group
The Kagoshima Bank Group
Kyushu FG Securities
 20

                                Market Risk Management
Market risk refers to the risk of the Group incurring loss through fluctuating values of assets and liabilities (including off-balance types) as well as fluctuating profits from assets and liabilities, through various market risk factors, in interest rates, exchange rates, the stock market, etc.
Market risk management involves the timely and accurate assessment and evaluation of market risk to the Group. We strive to se- cure a profit through the active assumption of a certain level of market risk, and the appropriate management of such risks.
Liquidity Risk Management
Liquidity risk refers to the risk of our Group incurring losses through difficulties in securing the necessary fund or having to procure funding at interest rates significantly higher than usual, owing to a timing mismatch between the investment and fund procurement or an unexpected outflow of fund (cash management risk). It also refers to the risk of our Group incurring losses through the inability to perform transaction in the market owing to market confusion, etc., or being required to perform transactions at values significantly more unfavorable than usual (market liquidity risk).
In liquidity risk management, the Group works on funding management that is stable, appropriate, and suitable to the structure of the fund procurement and investment activities of the Group.
Operational Risk Management
Operational risk refers to various risks, such as administrative risk, system risk, legal risk, personnel risk, tangible asset risk, reputational risk, and information asset risk. Each risk is defined below.
1. Administrative risk
Administrative risk is the risk of the Group incurring losses through officers’ or employees’ negligence in accurately performing their administrative duties, or an accident or wrongdoing caused by them during the course of their administrative operations.
2. System risk
System risk is the risk of the Group incurring losses through a system defect or misuse of a computer, such as a downed computer system or malfunction, etc.
3. Legal risk
Legal risk is the risk of the Group incurring losses through a violation of the laws and regulations, etc., the conclusion of an inappro- priate contract, or other legal cause.
4. Personnel risk
Personnel risk is the risk of the Group incurring losses through the outflow or loss of human resources, a reduction in employee morale, inadequate human resource development, inappropriate work environment and work conditions, unfair and unjust human resource management practices (problems with remuneration, allowances, dismissals, etc.), and discriminatory behavior (such as sexual harassment).
5. Tangible asset risk
Tangible asset risk is the risk of the Group incurring losses through damage to tangible assets (movable property or real estate, such as “land and buildings,”“facilities attached to building,” and “fixtures and equipment” that are owned or leased) due to natural disaster, crime or defective asset management, etc.
6. Reputational risk
Reputational risk is the risk of the Group incurring losses through a loss in credit owing to a worsening reputation or the circulation of rumors.
7. Information asset risk
Information asset risk is the risk of the Group incurring losses through the destruction, loss, alteration, leaking, theft, misuse, etc. of information assets.
In operational risk management we are striving to minimize the various operational risks by assessing and evaluating the various op- erational risks in a timely and accurate manner, and then appropriately dealing with the risks, as necessary, from in advance to after the fact.
21

                                 Management
      Chairman and Representative Director
Sumihiro Matsuyama
(President, The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.)
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Tsuyoshi Mogami
(Director of Kyushu FG Securities, Inc.)
Director and Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Planning Division
Toru Hayashida
Director
Takahiro Kai
(Chairman of The Higo Bank, Ltd.)
Director (Outside)
Katsuaki Watanabe
(Corporate Auditor of Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd.)
Corporate Auditor (Full-time)
Yuichi Tanabe
(Corporate Auditor of The Higo Bank, Ltd.)
Corporate Auditor (Outside)
Kenichi Sekiguchi
(Senior Advisor of Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co.)
Corporate Auditor (Outside)
Yuko Tashima
(Partner Attorney of Sawayaka Law Office)
President and Representative Director
Yoshihisa Kasahara
(President of The Higo Bank, Ltd.)
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Tsutomu Nakamura
(Director of Kyushu FG Securities, Inc.)
Director and Executive Officer, General Manager of Business Strategy Division
Tadataka Tokunaga
Director
Motohiro Kamimura
(Chairman of The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.)
Director (Outside)
Yuji Nemoto
(Professor of Toyo University)
Corporate Auditor
Hirofumi Kaigakura
(Corporate Auditor of The Kagoshima Bank, Ltd.)
Corporate Auditor (Outside)
Katsuro Tanaka
(Senior Managing Partner of TMI Associates)
                                                     Executive Officer
Tsutomu Tajima
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Eichi Eto
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Norihisa Akatsuka
 22
(Note 1) Directors Katsuaki Watanabe and Yuji Nemoto are Outside Directors as stipulated in Article 2-15 of the Companies Act.
(Note 2) Corporate Auditors Kenichi Sekiguchi, Katsuro Tanaka, and Yuko Tashima are Outside Corporate Auditors as stipulated in Article 2-16 of the Companies Act.
SeijiYamamoto TakeshiJinnouchi
(As of October 1, 2019)

                                 Review of Financial Results
Operating Results
Regarding operating results for the current consolidated fiscal year, ordinary income increased 5,625 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 170,322 million yen due to an increase in other operating income and other factors resulting from an in- crease in gains on sales of securities including Japanese government bonds.
On the other hand, ordinary expenses increased 1,288 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 136,604 million yen due to an increase in other operating expenses resulting from an increase in losses on sales of securities including Japanese govern- ment bonds and an increase in other expenses, and other factors due to an increase in loss on impairment of securities.
As a result, ordinary profit increased 4,336 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 33,717 million yen. Meanwhile, net income attributable to owners of parent increased 2,807 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 22,202 million yen.
Results by business segments are as follows. a. Banking business
Ordinary income increased 3,706 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 140,878 million yen, and segment profit
increased 1,906 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 35,588 million yen. b. Leasing business
Ordinary income decreased 1,413 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 30,510 million yen, and segment profit
increased 169 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 1,596 million yen. c. Others
Ordinary income increased 1,503 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 9,284 million yen, and segment profit in- creased 480 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 1,125 million yen.
Status of Cash Flows
The status of cash flows for the current consolidated fiscal year and the primary reasons are as follows.
Net cash used in operating activities amounted to 32,408 million yen, despite an increase of 33,194 million yen from the previous
consolidated fiscal year, due to an increase in negotiable certificates of deposits and other factors.
Net cash provided by investing activities amounted to 325,890 million yen, up 72,178 million yen from the previous consolidated
fiscal year, due proceeds from redemption of securities and other factors.
Net cash used in financing activities amounted to 8,243 million yen, down 2,784 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal
year due to payments for purchase of treasury stock and other factors.
As a result of the above, the balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the current consolidated fiscal year increased
285,249 million yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year to 1,208,955 million yen.
Analysis of Financial Position and Operating Results
The following is an analysis of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the current consolidated fiscal year. The following is an analysis of the financial position and operating results for the current consolidated fiscal year.
1) Financial position
Regarding the financial position at the end of the current consolidated fiscal year, total assets increased 360,549 million yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year to 10,444,589 million yen, and total equity increased 18,769 million yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year to 652,317 million yen.
Regarding the balances of primary accounting items, the balance of deposits decreased 5,436 million yen from the end of the pre- vious consolidated fiscal year to 8,567,557 million yen.
The balance of loans and bills discounted increased 406,939 million yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year to 6,853,138 million yen.
The balance of securities decreased 291,296 million yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year to 2,012,855 million yen.
2) Operating results
Regarding operating results for the current consolidated fiscal year, ordinary income increased 5,625 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 170,322 million yen due to an increase in other operating income and other factors resulting from an in- crease in gains on sales of securities including Japanese government bonds.
On the other hand, ordinary expenses increased 1,288 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 136,604 million yen due to an increase in other operating expenses resulting from an increase in losses on sales of securities including Japanese govern- ment bonds and an increase in other expenses, and other factors due to an increase in loss on impairment of securities.
As a result, ordinary profit increased 4,336 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 33,717 million yen. Meanwhile, net income attributable to owners of parent increased 2,807 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to 22,202 million yen.
   23

                                Consolidated Financial Statements
 Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheet
March 31, 2019
ASSETS:
Cash and due from banks (Notes 3 and 14) Call loans and bills bought (Note 14) Monetary claims purchased
Trading assets (Notes 4 and 14)
Money held in trust (Note 5)
Securities (Notes 4, 8, and 14)
Loans and bills discounted (Notes 6, 9, and 14) Foreign exchange assets
Lease receivables and investment assets (Note 8) Other assets (Note 8)
Fixed assets (Note 7)
Intangible assets (Note 7)
Asset for retirement benefits (Note 10)
Deferred tax assets (Note 13)
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Reserve for possible loan losses (Note 14)
Total assets
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY:
Liabilities:
Deposits (Notes 8 and 14)
Payables under repurchase agreements (Notes 8 and 14) Borrowing under securities lending transactions (Notes 8 and 14) Trading liabilities
Borrowed money (Notes 8 and 14)
Other liabilities
Liability for retirement benefits (Note 10) Reserve for repayments for dormant deposits Reserve for contingent losses
Reserve under special laws
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 13)
Deferred tax liabilities related to land revaluation (Note 2(g)) Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
Equity (Note 11): Common stock
authorized, 1,000,000,000 shares;
issued, 463,375,978 shares in 2019 and 2018 Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock, at cost, 11,862,526 shares in 2019 and 8,861,730 shares in 2018 Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities (Note 4) Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting Excess of land revaluation (Note 2(g))
Defined retirement benefit plans (Note 10)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income Noncontrolling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
      ¥
2019
1,211,471 314 10,557 1,183 18,621 2,012,855 6,853,138 12,419 52,606 191,314 98,306 9,317 5,857 972 33,893
2018
926,404 41,184 10,505
3,426 17,955 2,304,151 6,446,199 14,387 51,338 190,602 92,647 9,746 6,152 1,091 34,335
(66,089) ¥ 10,084,039
¥ 8,572,993 161,458 305,962 5 299,159 57,197 2,811 2,215 489 0 9,687 4,173 34,335 9,450,491
36,000 194,112 349,103
(3,601)
48,255 (1,876)
6,072 (3,254)
49,196 8,737 633,548 ¥ 10,084,039
2019
10,915,136 2,829 95,116 10,658 167,771 18,135,462 61,745,544 111,892 473,970 1,723,704 885,719 83,944 52,770 8,757 305,369
(614,839) 94,103,874
77,192,152 1,870,709 4,318,830
3,625,569 736,210 25,092 20,425 4,360 0 91,125 36,724 305,369 88,226,615
324,353 1,787,206 3,298,378
(47,481)
531,462 (71,312)
52,752 (32,210)
480,673 34,129 5,877,259 94,103,874
(68,241) ¥ 10,444,589
$
$
¥
$
      8,567,557 207,630 479,347
402,402 81,712 2,785 2,267 484 0 10,114 4,076 33,893 9,792,272
36,000 198,362 366,087
(5,270)
58,987 (7,915)
5,855 (3,575)
53,350 3,788 652,317 ¥ 10,444,589
¥
               $
         24
See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                 Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Income
Year ended March 31, 2019
Income:
Interest income:
Interest on loans and discounts Interest and dividends on securities Other interest income
Fees and commissions income Trading income
Other operating income Other income (Note 12)
Total income
Expenses:
Interest expenses:
Interest on deposits Other interest expenses
Fees and commissions expenses
Trading expenses
Other operating expenses
General and administrative expenses Provision for possible loan losses
Losses on impairment of long-lived assets Other expenses
Total expenses
Income before income taxes Income taxes (Note 13):
Current
Deferred
Total income taxes
Net income
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Per share of common stock (Note 2 (o)): Basic net income
Cash dividends applicable to the year
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
      ¥
2019
70,254 27,446 418 21,661 827 41,002 8,825 170,437
904 6,856 8,132
36,658 75,645 3,809 92 4,971 137,070 33,366
12,185 (1,484)
10,701 22,665 462 22,202
49.12 12.00
¥
2018
69,501 25,888 377 21,370 69 36,489 10,999 164,697
1,358 6,009 9,086
0 35,199 76,564 4,573 63 2,627 135,481 29,216
11,200 (1,792)
9,407 19,808 412 19,395
42.67 12.00
$
2019
632,975 247,283 3,766 195,161 7,451 369,420 79,511 1,535,606
8,144 61,771 73,267
330,282 681,547 34,318 828 44,787 1,234,976 300,621
109,784 (13,370)
96,414 204,207 4,162 200,036
                        ¥ ¥
¥ ¥
$
      Yen
U.S. dollars $ 0.44 0.10
   25

                                Consolidated Financial Statements
Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended March 31, 2019
Net income
Other comprehensive income (Note 16):
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting Defined retirement benefit plans
Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the parent Noncontrolling interests
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
    2019
¥ 22,665
10,708 (6,039) (321)
4,347 ¥ 27,012
¥ 26,574 438
¥
¥ ¥
2018
19,808
2,381 1,703 78 4,163 23,971
23,495 476
$
$ $
2019
204,207
96,477 (54,410) (2,892)
39,165 243,373
239,426 3,946
                  26

                                 Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Year ended March 31, 2019
Balance at April 1, 2017
Cash dividends, ¥12.00 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Reversal of excess of land revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2018
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Cash dividends, ¥12.00 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Reversal of excess of land revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at April 1, 2017
Cash dividends, ¥12.00 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Reversal of excess of land revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2018
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Cash dividends, ¥12.00 per share Net income attributable to
owners of the parent
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Reversal of excess of land revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Thousands
Outstanding number of shares of common stock
463,375
463,375
463,375
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities
¥ 45,937
2,317 48,255
10,731 58,987
Millions of yen
     Common stock
Capital surplus
¥ 194,112
0
194,112
Retained earnings
¥ 335,146 (5,454)
19,395
15 349,103
Treasury stock
     ¥
36,000
36,000
36,000
¥
(3,601)
(0) 0
(3,601)
                        ¥
(0)
¥ 198,362
217 ¥ 366,087
Millions of yen
¥
0
(5,270)
4,249
(5,436)
22,202
(1,668)
                       Accumulated other comprehensive income Deferred gains
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
     (losses) on
derivatives under hedge accounting
Excess of land revaluation
Defined retirement benefit plans
Noncontrolling interests
Total equity
¥ 615,035 (5,454)
19,395 (0)
0
15 4,556 633,548
4,249 (5,436)
22,202 (1,668)
0
217 (795)
¥ 652,317
       ¥
(3,580)
1,703 (1,876)
(6,039) (7,915)
¥
6,088
(15) 6,072
(217) 5,855
¥
(3,332)
78 (3,254)
(321) (3,575)
¥
45,112
4,083 49,196
4,154 53,350
¥
8,265
472 8,737
(4,949) 3,788
                                   ¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
                     See notes to consolidated financial statements.
27

                                Consolidated Financial Statements
Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 Year ended March 31, 2019
Balance at March 31, 2018
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Cash dividends, $0.10 per share
Net income attributable to owners of the parent Purchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at March 31, 2018
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Cash dividends, $0.10 per share
Net income attributable to owners of the parent Purchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
        $
$
Common stock
324,353
324,353
Capital surplus
$ 1,748,914 38,282
(0)
$ 1,787,206
Retained earnings
$ 3,145,355
(48,977)
$
Treasury stock
(32,444)
200,036
(15,028)
1,955 $ 3,298,378
$
0
(47,481)
                Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
       Accumulated other comprehensive income Deferred gains
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
     Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities
(losses) on
derivatives under hedge accounting
Excess of land revaluation
Defined retirement benefit plans
Noncontrolling interests
Total equity
       $
$
434,768
96,684 531,462
$ (16,902) $ 54,707 $ (29,317) $ 443,247 $ 78,718 $5,708,153 38,282
(48,977)
200,036 (15,028)
0
(54,410)
$ (71,312) $ 52,752 $ (32,210) $ 480,673 $ 34,129 $5,877,259
(1,955)
(2,892)
37,426
(44,589)
1,955 (7,162)
                            28
See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                 Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Year ended March 31, 2019
Operating activities:
Income before income taxes Adjustments for:
Income taxes paid
Depreciation and amortization
Losses on impairment of long-lived assets
Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible loan losses
(Increase) decrease in asset for retirement benefits
Increase (decrease) in liability for retirement benefits
Increase (decrease) in reserve for repayments for dormant deposits Increase (decrease) in reserve for contingent losses
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
(Gains) losses on securities
(Gains) losses on money held in trust
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
      Net (increase) decrease Net (increase) decrease Net increase (decrease) Net increase (decrease)
borrowings)
Net (increase) decrease
to the Bank of Japan) Net (increase) decrease Net increase (decrease) Net increase (decrease) Net increase (decrease)
in trading assets
in loans and bills discounted
in deposits
in borrowed money (excluding subordinated
in due from banks (excluding deposits paid
in call loans and others
in call money and others
in payables under repurchase agreements in borrowing under securities lending
transactions
Net (increase) decrease
Interest received
Interest paid
Other (16,061)
in lease receivables and investment assets
173,384 (1,268)
¥
2019
33,366
(10,040) 7,212 92 2,151 294
(25) 51
(4) (98,120)
7,760 (4,300)
164 2,243
(406,939) (5,437)
103,242
183 40,816
46,172
¥
2018
29,216
(11,530) 7,679 63
(583) 536
(7,399) 498
(2) (95,768)
7,367 (1,152) (268) (1,421) (375,736)
290,527 20,273
(792) (40,868) (90,000)
143,932
72,071 (2,126)
100,303 (7,426) (102,996) (94,818) (65,602)
(824,230) 472,857 614,197
(2,296) 3,083 (6,563)
35 (3,370)
253,711
(5,454) (4) (0)
0
(5,458) 1
182,651 741,053 923,705
2019
300,621
(90,458) 64,978 828 19,380 2,648
(225) 459
(36) (884,043)
69,916 (38,742)
1,477 20,209
(3,666,447) (48,986)
930,191
1,648 367,744
416,001
1,562,158 (11,424)
904,297 (69,537) (144,706) (592,611) (291,990)
(15,714,902) 4,347,184 14,424,488
(128,290) 119,857
(91,864) 5,099
(25,353) 2,936,210
(48,977) (36) (15,028)
0
(10,217) (74,267)
90 2,570,042 8,322,416 $ 10,892,467
$
   Total adjustments
Net cash used in operating activities
Investing activities:
Payments for purchase of securities Proceeds from sales of securities
Proceeds from redemption of securities Increase in money held in trust
Decrease in money held in trust
Payments for purchase of fixed assets Proceeds from sales of fixed assets Payments for purchase of intangible assets Net cash provided by investing activities
Financing activities:
Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to noncontrolling interests
Payments for purchases of treasury stock
Proceeds from sales of treasury stock
Payments for purchases of shares of subsidiaries that do not result in
change in scope of consolidation
Net cash used in financing activities
Foreign currency translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year (Note 3)
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥
(65,774) (32,408)
(1,744,197) 482,494 1,600,974
(14,239) 13,303 (10,196)
566 (2,814)
325,890
(5,436) (4) (1,668)
0
(1,134) (8,243)
10 285,249 923,705 1,208,955
¥
100,368 (7,718)
                        29

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Year ended March 31, 2019
1. Basis of Presenting Consolidated Financial Statements
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Kyushu Financial Group, Inc. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsid- iaries (collectively, the “Group”) have been prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, its related accounting regulations and the Enforcement Regulation for the Banking Law of Japan (the “Banking Law”), and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, which are different in certain respects as to applica- tion and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards.
Amounts of less than ¥1 million and $1 thousand have been omitted. As a result, the totals shown in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto do not necessarily agree with the sum of the individual account balances.
The consolidated financial statements are stated in Japanese yen, the currency of the country in which the Company is incor- porated and operates. The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥110.99 to $1.00, the approximate rate of exchange at March 31, 2019. Such translations should not be construed as representations that the Japanese yen amounts could be converted into U.S. dollars at that or any other rate.
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
a. Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its 17 consolidated subsidiaries as of March 31, 2019 and 2018.
Under the control or influence concept, those companies in which the Company, directly or indirectly, is able to exercise control over operations are fully consolidated.
Investments in remaining unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies are stated at cost. If the equity method of account- ing had been applied to the investment in these companies, the effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements would not be material.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. All material unrealized profit includ- ed in assets resulting from transactions within the Group is eliminated.
b. Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method. Acquisition-related costs, such as advisory fees or professional fees, are accounted for as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred. If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, an acquirer shall report in its financial state- ments provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. During the measurement period, which shall not exceed one year from the acquisition, the acquirer shall retrospectively adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and that would have af- fected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. Such adjustments shall be recognized as if the accounting for the business combination had been completed at the acquisition date. The acquirer recognizes any bargain purchase gain in profit or loss immediately on the acquisition date after reassessing and confirming that all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed have been identified after a review of the procedures used in the purchase price allocation. A parent’s ownership interest in a subsid- iary might change if the parent purchases or sells ownership interests in its subsidiary. The carrying amount of noncontrolling interests is adjusted to reflect the change in the parent’s ownership interest in its subsidiary while the parent retains its controlling interest in its subsidiary. Any difference between the fair value of the consideration received or paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interests are adjusted is accounted for as capital surplus as long as the parent retains control over its subsidiary.
 30

                                 c. Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows are composed of cash on hand and due from the Bank of Japan.
d. Foreign currency translation
The Group maintains its accounting records in Japanese yen. Foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates prevailing on the consolidated balance sheet date.
e. Trading assets/liabilities and trading income/expenses
Trading transactions of consolidated subsidiaries, which are engaged in banking business and financial instruments business intended to take advantage of short-term fluctuations and arbitrage opportunities in interest rates, currency exchange rates, market prices of se- curities, and related indices, are recognized on a trade-date basis and recorded in trading assets or trading liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Income or expenses generated on the relevant trading transactions are recorded in trading income or trading expenses in the consolidated statement of income.
Securities and other monetary claims held for trading purposes are stated at fair value at the consolidated balance sheet date. Derivative financial products, such as swaps, forward contracts, and option transactions, are stated at fair value, assuming that such transactions were terminated and settled at the consolidated balance sheet date.
Trading income and trading expenses include the interest received and interest paid during the fiscal year; the gains or losses resulting from any change in the value of securities and other monetary claims between the beginning and the end of the fiscal year and the gains or losses resulting from any change in the value of financial derivatives between the beginning and the end of the fiscal year, assuming they were settled at the end of the fiscal year.
f. Financial instruments
i) Securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities are stated at amortized cost as determined using the moving-average method. Available-for-sale se- curities, with market quotations, are stated at the market prices prevailing on the consolidated balance sheet date. Cost of sales of such securities is determined using the moving-average method. Net unrealized gains or losses on these securities, net of taxes, are report- ed in a separate component of equity. Available-for-sale securities, the market quotations of which are extremely difficult to obtain, are stated at cost as determined using the moving-average method. For other-than-temporary declines in fair value, securities are reduced to net realizable value by a charge to income. Securities included in money held in trusts managed separately, the primary objective of which is to invest, are stated at market prices. In addition, investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies that are not accounted for by the equity method are stated at cost as determined using the moving-average method.
ii) Derivatives
Derivatives other than those designated as “Trading assets and trading liabilities” (see (e) Trading assets/liabilities and trading income/ expenses) are stated at fair value, with changes in fair value included in net profit or loss for the period in which they arise, except for derivatives that are designated as “hedging instruments” (see iii) Hedge accounting below).
iii) Hedge accounting
a) Hedge of interest rate risks
The banking consolidated subsidiaries apply deferral hedge accounting to hedges of interest rate risk associated with financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the Industry Audit Committee Report No. 24, “Accounting and Auditing Treatments on the Application of Accounting Standards for Financial Instruments in the Banking Industry,” issued on February 13, 2002, by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (JICPA). Under this rule, the effectiveness of cash flow hedges and hedges for the purpose of reducing interest rate fluctuation risk of loans and debt securities is assessed based on the correlation between a base interest rate index of the hedged items and that of the hedging instruments. Specific matching criteria are not measured at fair value, but the net payments or receipts under the swap agreements are recognized and included in interest expenses or income.
31

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
b) Hedge of foreign currency exchange risks
The banking consolidated subsidiaries apply the deferral method of hedge accounting for hedges of the risks arising from financial assets and liabilities due to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates, which is described in “Treatment for Accounting and Auditing of Application of Accounting Standard for Foreign Currency Transactions in Banking Industry,” issued on July 29, 2002 (the JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 25). The banking consolidated subsidiaries assess the effectiveness of hedging instruments executed for reducing the risk of changes in currency exchange rates with currency swaps or foreign exchange swaps by verifying that there ex- ist foreign currency positions of the hedging instruments corresponding to the foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities to be hedged.
g. Fixed assets and intangible assets
i) Fixed assets and intangible assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation
Depreciation of fixed assets owned by the Company and the banking consolidated subsidiaries is computed using the declining- balance method, while the straight-line method is applied to buildings (excluding facilities attached to buildings) acquired on or after April 1, 1998, and facilities attached to buildings and structures acquired on or after April 1, 2016. The range of useful lives is principally from 19 to 50 years for buildings and from 2 to 20 years for other fixed assets. Tangible fixed assets of other consolidated subsidiaries are principally depreciated using the declining-balance method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Amortization of intangible assets owned by the Group is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Cost of computer software obtained for internal use is amortized over the estimated useful lives of five years.
ii) Land revaluation
Under the “Law of Land Revaluation,” the Group elected a one-time revaluation of land for use by Higo Bank to a value based on real estate appraisal information as of March 31, 1999.
The resulting excess of land revaluation represents unrealized appreciation of land and is stated, net of income taxes, as a compo- nent of equity. There was no effect on the consolidated statement of income. Continuous readjustment is not permitted, unless the land value subsequently declines significantly such that the amount of the decline in value should be removed from the excess of land revaluation account and related deferred tax liabilities.
The carrying amount of the land after the above one-time revaluation exceeded the fair value by ¥9,610 million ($86,584 thousand) and ¥11,015 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
h. Long-lived assets
The Group reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group. The impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of the discounted cash flows from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or the net selling price at disposition.
i. Reserve for possible loan losses
Reserve for possible loan losses of the banking consolidated subsidiaries is provided to cover future credit losses in accordance with the internal rules for self-assessment of asset quality.
Reserve for possible loan losses is provided based on historical loan-loss ratio computed for a certain period in the past for claims to normal borrowers and claims to borrowers who need attention as stipulated by the “Practical Guidelines for Audits of the Self- Assessment of Assets of Financial Institutions Including Banks, Write-Down and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts,” issued on July 4, 2012 (the JICPA Ad Hoc Committee for Audit of Banks, etc., Report No. 4).
For claims to large-lot borrowers who need attention, whose loans are classified as restructured loans, and whose future cash flows of principal and interest are reasonably estimated, the reserve is provided for as the difference between the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the contracted interest rate and the carrying amount of the claims. In cases where it is difficult to rea- sonably estimate future cash flows, the reserve is provided based on the estimated credit losses within the remaining loan terms calcu- lated by the banks.
 32

                                 For claims to borrowers who are possibly bankrupt, the reserve is provided for loan losses at the amount considered necessary based on overall solvency assessment of the borrowers after deducting the amount expected to be collected through the disposal of collateral or execution of guarantees.
For claims to borrowers who are legally bankrupt and virtually bankrupt, the reserve is provided based on the net of amounts ex- ceeding the expected collectible amounts through the disposal of collateral or execution of guarantees.
All claims are assessed by the operating divisions of the banking consolidated subsidiaries in accordance with the internal rules for the self-assessment of asset quality. The asset examination division, which is independent from the operating divisions, conducts au- dits of these assessments.
Regarding other consolidated subsidiaries, a general reserve for loan losses is provided in the amount deemed necessary based on historical loan-loss ratio, and the reserve for specific claims is provided in the amount deemed uncollectible based on the respective assessment.
j. Retirement and pension plans
The banking consolidated subsidiaries have cash balance-type pension plans, defined benefit corporate pension plans (fund type), and lump-sum retirement benefit plans, which became fund type plans after the establishment of the retirement benefit trust. The amount of liability for employees’ retirement benefit is determined based on the projected benefit obligations and the pension assets on the consolidated balance sheet date. The projected benefit obligations are attributed to periods on a benefit formula basis.
Past service cost is amortized using the straight-line method over 10 years. Net actuarial gain or loss is amortized using the straight- line method or declining-balance method over 10 years commencing from the next fiscal year of occurrence.
Other consolidated subsidiaries adopt the simplified method in determining liabilities for retirement benefits and net periodic benefit costs under which liability for retirement benefits is computed based on projected benefit obligations.
k. Reserve for contingent losses
Under the joint responsibility system with governmental credit guarantee organizations, reserve for contingent losses is provided for possible future payments to the organizations in an amount deemed necessary based on estimated losses in the future.
l. Reserve for repayments for dormant deposits
Reserve for repayments for dormant deposits is provided for possible losses on future withdrawal of inactive deposits that had been recognized as income.
m. Reserve under special laws
Reserve under special laws is a reserve for liability for financial instruments transactions of consolidated subsidiary and is recorded as determined in accordance with the provisions of Article 4 6-5 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and Article 1 7 5 of the Cabinet Office Ordinance on Financial Instruments Business in order to provide for losses arising from security-related accidents.
n. Leases
Revenues and cost of revenues of finance lease transactions are recognized and included in other operating income and other operat- ing expenses when lease payments are made.
o. Per share information
The computation of basic net income per share is based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. The weighted-average number of common shares used in the computation was 451,924 thousand shares and 454,514 thousand shares for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
Diluted net income per share is not disclosed for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, because there are no potentially dilu- tive common shares.
Cash dividends per share presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of income are dividends applicable to the re- spective years, including dividends to be paid after the end of the year.
33

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
p. Income taxes
The provision for income taxes is computed based on the pretax income included in the consolidated statement of income. The asset and liability approach is used to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary dif- ferences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred taxes are measured by applying currently enacted tax laws to the temporary differences.
q. Appropriations of retained earnings
Appropriations of retained earnings at each year-end are reflected in the consolidated financial statements for the following year upon shareholders’ approval.
3. Cash and Cash Equivalents
A reconciliation of the cash and cash equivalent balances in the consolidated statement of cash flows and the account balances in the consolidated balance sheet was as follows:
 2019
Cash and due from banks ¥ 1,211,471 Other due from banks (2,515) Cash and cash equivalents ¥ 1,208,955
4. Securities
¥ ¥
2018
926,404 (2,699)
923,705
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 10,915,136 (22,659)
$ 10,892,467
                  The costs and aggregate fair values of securities at March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as shown in the table below. The amounts shown in the following tables include trading securities classified as “trading assets” in addition to “securities” stated in the consolidated balance sheet.
Millions of yen
      Fair value
1,183
136,393 1,246,106 600,695
14,830
Fair value
3, 420
149,418 1,619,144 508,852
14,812
2019 Cost
107,436 1,222,564 569,954
Net unrealized gains (losses)
   Securities classified as: Trading
Available-for-sale: Equity securities Debt securities Other
Held-to-maturity: Debt securities
Securities classified as: Trading
Available-for-sale: Equity securities Debt securities Other
Held-to-maturity: Debt securities
¥
¥
¥
28,957 23,543 30,740
114
14,716 Millions of yen
   2018 Cost
105,816 1,598,544 505,230
Net unrealized gains (losses)
      34
¥
¥
¥
43,603 20,600 3,622
14,763
48

                                          Securities classified as: Trading
$
Fair value
10,658
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 Cost
$ 967,979 11,015,082 5,135,183
132,588
Net unrealized gains (losses)
$ 260,897 212,118 276,961
1,027
Available-for-sale:
Equity securities
Debt securities
Other 5,412,154
Held-to-maturity:
Debt securities 133,615
Securities included equity investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies that amounted to ¥3,641 million ($32,804 thousand) and ¥3,458 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
Securities lending based on noncollateralized special contracts were included in debt securities and amounted to ¥65,289 million ($588,242 thousand) and ¥58,005 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
Guarantee obligations for private placement bonds, out of bonds included in securities, amounted to ¥20,825 million ($187,629 thousand) and ¥20,135 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
Unlisted equity securities and other securities without readily available fair values, amounting to ¥14,941 million ($134,615 thousand) and ¥11,971 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, were not included in the table above.
The information of held-to-maturity securities that were sold for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, was as follows:
1,228,876 11,227,191
      Cost of sales
¥ 150 ¥ 150
Cost of sales
¥ 220 ¥ 220
Cost of sales
$ 1,351 $ 1,351
Millions of yen
2019 Proceeds
Realized gains (losses)
   Held-to-maturity securities: Japanese government bonds Municipal government bonds Corporate bonds
Other Total
Held-to-maturity securities: Japanese government bonds Municipal government bonds Corporate bonds
Other Total
Held-to-maturity securities: Japanese government bonds Municipal government bonds Corporate bonds
Other Total
¥151¥1 ¥151¥1
            Millions of yen
2018 Proceeds
Realized gains (losses)
         ¥220¥0 ¥220¥0
            Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019 Proceeds
Realized gains (losses)
         $1,360$9 $1,360$9
            Note: (Reason for sales) Due to retirement of bonds through purchase
35

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The information of available-for-sale securities that were sold for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, was as follows:
          Available-for-sale: Equity securities Debt securities Other
Total
Available-for-sale: Equity securities Debt securities Other
Total
Available-for-sale: Equity securities Debt securities Other
Total
Millions of yen
2019
Proceeds Realized gains Realized losses
¥ 36,635 ¥ 5,874 ¥ 1,185 143,796 5,330 2,780 255,477 3,393 5,588
¥ 435,909 ¥ 14,598 ¥ 9,554
Millions of yen
2018
Proceeds Realized gains Realized losses
¥ 25,655 ¥ 5,342 ¥ 253 212,318 2,137 742 224,862 1,070 6,463
¥ 462,837 ¥ 8,549 ¥ 7,459
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Proceeds Realized gains Realized losses
$ 330,074 $ 52,923 $ 10,676
                                          1,295,576 48,022
2,301,801 30,570 $ 3,927,461 $ 131,525
25,047
50,346 $ 86,079
            Securities other than trading securities (excluding those securities whose fair value cannot be reliably determined) whose fair value sig- nificantly declined compared with the acquisition cost and was considered not to recover to the acquisition cost were written down to the respective fair value, which was recorded as the carrying amount in the consolidated balance sheet.
Impairment loss on equity securities for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, was ¥747 million ($6,730 thousand) and nil, respectively.
Impairment loss was recorded for all securities whose fair value declined by 50% or more of the acquisition cost. For securities whose fair value declined by more than 30%, but less than 50%, the necessity of recording impairment loss was determined based on the transition of fair values over a certain period in the past and the credit risk of the issuing company.
Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
   2019
Valuation differences:
Available-for-sale securities ¥ 83,242 Deferred tax liabilities (24,071) Noncontrolling interests (183)
Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities ¥ 58,987
¥ ¥
2018
67,824 (19,361) (207)
48,255
$ $
2019
749,995 (216,875) (1,648)
531,462
               36

                                 5. Money Held in Trust
The carrying amounts and unrealized gains (losses) of money held in trust as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows: Money held in trust held for trading
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
      Carrying amounts
Unrealized gains (losses) credited to income
2019
¥ 15,851 (6)
¥
2018
17,815 (193)
$
2019
142,814 (54)
Money held in trust other than those held for trading purposes or held to maturity as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
         Other money held in trust
Other money held in trust
Other money held in trust
Millions of yen
2019 Carrying amount Cost
¥ 2,770 ¥ 2,770 Millions of yen
2018 Carrying amount Cost
¥ 140 ¥
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Carrying amount Cost
$ 24,957 $ 24,957
Net unrealized gains (losses)
Net unrealized gains (losses)
Net unrealized gains (losses)
         140
         Note: Net unrealized gains (losses) were nil because the carrying amounts of other money held in trust did not exceed the cost, nor the cost exceeded the carrying amounts.
6. Loans and Bills Discounted
Loans and bills discounted as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, included the following:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
   2019
2018
¥ 2,473 83,980 198 53,742 ¥ 140,394
   Bankruptcy loans
Past-due loans
Loans past due for three months or more Restructured loans
Total
¥
3,098 81,465 179 46,756 ¥ 131,500
$
27,912 733,985 1,612 421,263 $ 1,184,791
            37

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Bankruptcy loans represent nonaccrual loans to borrowers who are legally bankrupt as defined in Article 96-1-3 and 4 of the Japanese Tax Law Enforcement Regulation (Article 97 of 1965 Cabinet Order).
Past-due loans represent nonaccrual loans other than bankruptcy loans and loans for which payments of interest are deferred in order to assist or facilitate the restructuring of borrowers in financial difficulties.
Loans past due for three months or more include loans for which payments of principal or interest are delinquent by three months or more, as calculated from the day following the contracted payment date, but do not include bankruptcy loans or past-due loans.
Restructured loans represent loans on which contracts were amended in favor of borrowers (e.g., reduction of, or exemption from, stated interest, deferral of interest payments, extension of maturity dates, and renunciation of claims) in order to assist or facilitate the restructuring of borrowers in financial difficulties, but do not include bankruptcy loans, past-due loans, or loans past due for three months.
Loans include discounted bills amounting to ¥21,877 million ($197,107 thousand) and ¥23,040 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The Group is entitled, without limitation, to sell or pledge these discounted bills.
The carrying amounts of loan participations, which were accounted for as loans to original debtors in accordance with “Accounting and Presentation of Loan Participation” issued on November 28, 2014 (the JICPA Accounting System Committee Report No. 3), were ¥2,985 million ($26,894 thousand) and ¥1,811 million as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
 7. Fixed Assets and Intangible Assets
Fixed assets as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 249,824 454,941 83,503 97,441 $ 885,719
   2019
2018
28,780 50,225 2,475 11,166 92,647
   Buildings ¥ 27,728 Land 50,494 Construction in progress 9,268 Other 10,815 Total ¥ 98,306
¥
¥
            Accumulated depreciation as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, amounted to ¥72,947 million ($657,239 thousand) and ¥72,044 million, respectively.
Deferred gains for tax purposes as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, amounted to ¥3,517 million ($31,687 thousand) and ¥3,424 million, respectively.
Intangible assets as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
2019
2018
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 81,106 2,838 $ 83,944
      Software Other Total
¥ 9,002 ¥ 9,430 315 315 ¥ 9,317 ¥ 9,746
            38

                                 8. Assets Pledged
Assets pledged as collateral as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 11,046,481 16,352
$ 11,062,834
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 418,353 1,870,709 4,318,830 3,493,044
      Securities
Lease receivables and investment assets Other
Total
2019
¥ 1,226,049 1,815
¥ 1,227,864
2018
¥ 1,001,423 1,708 4 ¥ 1,003,137
            Liabilities related to the above assets pledged as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of yen
   2019
2018
   Deposits
Payables under repurchase agreements Borrowing under securities-lending transactions Borrowed money
¥ 46,433 ¥ 32,908 207,630 158,393 479,347 301,903 387,693 284,658
In addition, securities amounting to nil and ¥13,854 million and other assets amounting to ¥115,696 million ($1,042,400 thousand) and ¥108,096 million were pledged as collateral for settlement of exchange and other transactions with designated financial institu- tions, etc., as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
Guarantee deposits amounting to ¥715 million ($6,442 thousand) and ¥703 million, cash collateral for financial instruments amounting to ¥9,679 million ($87,206 thousand) and ¥4,646 million, and deposits to a central counterparty of ¥12,635 million ($113,839 thousand) and ¥13,201 million were included in other assets as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
9. Commitment Line Agreements Related to Overdrafts and Loans
Commitment line agreements relating to overdrafts and loans represent agreements to allow customers to extend overdrafts or loans up to agreed amounts at the customer’s request as long as no violation against the conditions of the agreements exists.
Unused commitment lines under such agreements as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 13,335,597 386,908 $ 13,722,506
The amount of unexercised commitment lines does not necessarily affect the future
agreements are terminated without being exercised. Most of these agreements have
deny extending loans or decrease the commitment line when there are certain changes in financial markets, certain issues in securing loans, and other reasons. The consolidated subsidiaries request collateral in the form of premises or securities as deemed necessary upon providing such commitments. In addition, the Group monitors the financial conditions of customers in accordance with its inter- nal rules on a regular basis and takes necessary measures, including revisiting the terms of commitments and other means to prevent credit losses.
Millions of yen
   2019
Original maturity is within one year or the Group can cancel at any
time without any penalty ¥ 1,480,118
Other 42,943 Total ¥ 1,523,061
2018
¥ 1,500,599 47,326 ¥ 1,547,925
               cash flows of the Group because most of such provisions, which stipulate that the Group may
39

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
10. Retirement and Pension Plans
The banking consolidated subsidiaries have cash balance-type pension plans, defined benefit corporate pension plans (fund type), and lump-sum retirement benefit plans, which became fund type plans after the establishment of the retirement benefit trust. Under the cash balance-type plans in the corporate pension plans, a pension or lump-sum money will be paid on the basis of length of service, professional qualification, and age. In addition, under the unfunded retirement benefit plans, lump-sum money will be paid on the basis of length of service at certain professional qualification and other factors. Some of the other consolidated subsidiaries have retire- ment benefit plans and adopt the simplified method in determining liabilities for retirement benefits. Extra retirement benefit may be paid upon the retirement of employees of the Group. Retirement benefit trusts were set up on the corporate pension fund plans and lump-sum retirement benefit plans for certain banking consolidated subsidiaries.
 (a) The changes in defined benefit obligation for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
      Balance at beginning of year Current service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial (gains) losses Benefits paid
Balance at end of year
¥
¥
2019
63,320 1,862 248 687
(3,410) 62,709
¥
¥
2018
63,209 1,869 297 1,528
(3,585) 63,320
$
$
2019
570,501 16,776 2,234 6,189
(30,723) 564,996
            (Note) Consolidated subsidiaries adopted the simplified method in calculating defined benefit obligations, and the retirement benefit costs were recognized as “Current service cost.” Extraordinary additional retirement benefits were not included in the table above.
(b) The changes in plan assets for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 600,603 17,623
(8,856) 11,235
(25,281)
(2,648) $ 592,675
      Balance at beginning of year Expected return on plan assets Actuarial gains (losses) Contributions from the employer Benefits paid
Amount of contribution to retirement benefit trust Partial return of retirement benefit trusts
Balance at end of year
¥
¥
2019
66,661 1,956
(983) 1,247
(2,806)
(294) 65,781
2018
¥ 59,687 1,953 291 1,264
(2,811) 7,000
(724) ¥ 66,661
            (c) Reconciliation between the liability recorded in the consolidated balance sheet and the balances of defined benefit obligation and plan assets for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, was as follows:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 545,472 (592,675) (47,193)
19,515 $ (27,669)
   2019
Funded defined benefit obligation ¥ 60,542 Plan assets (65,781) Total (5,238) Unfunded defined benefit obligation 2,166 Net (asset) liability arising from defined benefit obligation ¥ (3,071)
2018
¥ 61,246 (66,661) (5,414)
2,073 ¥ (3,340)
                  40

                                 Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
   2019
Liability for retirement benefits ¥ 2,785 Asset for retirement benefits (5,857) Net (asset) liability arising from defined benefit obligation ¥ (3,071)
¥ ¥
2018
2,811 (6,152) (3,340)
$ $
2019
25,092 (52,770) (27,669)
               (d) The components of net periodic benefit costs for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
16,776 2,234
(17,623) 10,892
12,280
   ¥
¥
1,862 248
(1,956) 1,209
1,363
¥
¥
1,869 297
(1,953) 1,350
0 1,564
$
$
2019
2018
   Current service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Recognized actuarial (gains) losses
Amortization of prior service cost
Extra retirement payments
Net periodic benefit costs
(Note) Net periodic benefit costs of consolidated subsidiaries that adopted the simplified method were included in “Current service cost.”
            (e) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) in respect of defined retirement benefit plans for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ (4,153) $ (4,153)
   2019
¥ (461) ¥ (461)
2018
   Prior service cost Actuarial (losses) gains Total
¥ ¥
112 112
            (f ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) in respect of defined retirement ben- efit plans as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of yen
2019 2018
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 46,283 $ 46,283
      Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial (gains) losses Total
(g) Plan assets
a) Components of plan assets
Plan assets as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:
Debt investments
Equity investments
General account of life insurance companies Others
Total
5,137 ¥ 4,675
¥
¥ 5,137 ¥ 4,675
            2019 2018
26% 26% 24 24 35 34 15 16
100% 100%
          (Note) Retirement benefit trusts set against the corporate pension plans and lump-sum retirement benefit plans accounted for 16% of the total plan assets for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018.
41

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
b) Method of determining the expected rate of return on plan assets
The expected rate of return on plan assets was determined by considering investment performance in the past as well as consider- ing distribution of plan assets currently and in the future and the long-term rates of return that were expected currently and in the future from the various components of the plan assets.
 (h) Assumptions used for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were set forth as follows:
  42
Discount rate
Expected rate of return on plan assets:
Plan assets (excluding the retirement benefit trust)
Retirement benefit trust Expected rate of salary increase
11. Equity
2019
0.2% or 0.3%
3.0% or 3.5% 0.5% or 2.0% 3.6% or 5.8%
2018
0.3% or 0.4%
2.5% or 4.5% 0.5% or 4.0% 3.7% or 6.4%
Japanese banks are subject to the Companies Act of Japan (the “Companies Act”) and the Banking Law. The significant provisions in the Companies Act and the Banking Law that affect financial and accounting matters are summarized below:
(a) Dividends
Under the Companies Act, companies can pay dividends at any time during the fiscal year in addition to the year-end dividend upon resolution at the shareholders’ meeting. For companies that meet certain criteria, such as (1) having the Board of Directors, (2) having independent auditors, (3) having the Audit & Supervisory Board, and (4) the term of service of the directors is prescribed as one year rather than two years of normal term by its articles of incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare dividends (except for dividends in kind) at any time during the fiscal year if the company has prescribed so in its articles of incorporation. The Company meets all of the above criteria.
The Companies Act permits companies to distribute dividends in kind (noncash assets) to shareholders, subject to a certain limita- tion and additional requirements.
Semiannual interim dividends may also be paid once a year upon resolution by the Board of Directors if the articles of incorpora- tion of the Company so stipulate. The Companies Act and the Banking Law provide certain limitations on the amounts available for dividends or the purchase of treasury stock. The limitation is defined as the amount available for distribution to the shareholders, but the amount of net assets after dividends must be maintained at no less than ¥3 million.
(b) Increases/decreases and transfer of common stock, reserve, and surplus
The Banking Law requires that an amount equal to 20% of dividends must be appropriated as a legal reserve (a component of retained earnings) or as additional paid-in capital (a component of capital surplus) depending on the equity account charged upon the pay- ment of such dividends until the aggregate amount of legal reserve and additional paid-in capital equals 100% of common stock. Under the Companies Act, the total amount of additional paid-in common stock and legal reserve may be reversed without limitation. The Companies Act also provides that common stock, legal reserve, additional paid-in capital, other capital surplus, and retained earnings can be transferred among the accounts under certain conditions upon resolution by the shareholders.
(c) Treasury stock and treasury stock acquisition rights
The Companies Act also provides for companies to purchase treasury stock and dispose of such treasury stock upon resolution by the Board of Directors. The amount of treasury stock purchased cannot exceed the amount available for distribution to the shareholders, which is determined using a specific formula. Under the Companies Act, stock acquisition rights are presented as a separate com- ponent of equity. The Companies Act also provides that companies can purchase both treasury stock acquisition rights and treasury stock. Such treasury stock acquisition rights are presented as a separate component of equity or deducted directly from stock acquisi- tion rights.

                                 12. Other Income
Other income included gains on sales of stocks and other securities in the amount of ¥6,249 million ($56,302 thousand) and ¥5,747 million for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
13. Income Taxes
The Group is subject to Japanese national and local income taxes, which, in the aggregate, resulted in a normal effective statutory tax rate of approximately 30.4% and 30.6% for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
The tax effects of significant temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards that resulted in deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
      Deferred tax assets:
Reserve for possible loan losses
Liability for retirement benefits
Depreciation
Loss on impairment of securities
Losses on impairment of fixed assets
Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting Other
Subtotal Valuation allowance
Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities:
Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities Deferred income on fixed assets sold
Asset for retirement benefits
Valuation of assets
¥
2019
20,497 2,981 1,303 1,578 1,839 3,457 3,715
35,373 (4,827)
30,545
¥
2018
19,947 2,988 1,311 1,639 1,785
819 3,543 32,036
(4,670) 27,366
(30,832) (396) (1,227) (3,478) (27) (35,962) (8,596)
$
2019
184,674 26,858 11,739 14,217 16,569 31,146 33,471
318,704 (43,490)
275,204
(311,559) (2,270) (9,307) (34,174) (243) (357,572) (82,358)
         (34,580) (252) (1,033) (3,793) Other (27) Deferred tax liabilities (39,687) Net deferred tax liabilities ¥ (9,141)
¥
$
               A reconciliation between the normal effective statutory tax rates and the actual effective tax rates reflected in the accompanying con- solidated statement of income for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, was as follows:
2019 2018
  Normal effective statutory tax rate
Expenses not deductible for income tax purposes
Income not taxable for income tax purposes
Valuation allowance
Inhabitant taxes per capita
Change in effective statutory tax rate 0.0
Other-net
Actual effective tax rate
2.0 2.2 32.0% 32.2%
30.4% 30.6% 0.5 0.5 (1.3) (1.4)
0.1 (0.1) 0.3 0.4
        43

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
14. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures
(a) Policy for financial instruments
The Group mainly provides banking services and other financial services, such as securities operations and credit card and leasing services. In the banking services, the Group procures funds from deposits accepted from individual and corporate customers and from short-term financial markets and manages such funds in the form of loans and investments in securities.
The Group holds substantial financial assets and liabilities that are subject to fluctuations in interest rates and prices. The Group conducts Asset-Liability Management (ALM) on the assets and liabilities, including off-balance-sheet transactions of the Group, to integrally monitor and control risks and to improve and stabilize profitability with the aim of protecting themselves from the negative effects of the fluctuations. The Group also utilizes derivative transactions for this purpose.
(b) Nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments
i) Financial assets
The significant proportion of financial assets held by the Group is loans, which are primarily provided to domestic corporations and individual customers. Loans are subject to credit risk, which represents loss on default caused by deteriorated credit of the borrow- ers. Additionally, fixed-interest-rate loans are subject to market risk and their fair value is exposed to risk of fluctuation in market interest rate.
The second largest proportion of financial assets held by the Group is securities, which include domestic bonds, stocks, foreign bonds, and investment trusts. Securities held by the Group are subject to market risk and their fair value is exposed to risk of fluctu- ation in variable risk factors, including interest rates, stock prices, and exchange rates. The Group is also subject to the liquidity risk, and its fair value is exposed to risk of fluctuation in market prices. Certain securities, such as stocks and bonds, are subject to credit risk, which represents loss on default caused by deteriorated credit of the issuers.
ii) Financial liabilities
Deposits and marketable funds procured are subject to liquidity risk, which represents the outflow of deposits and an inability to raise needed funds caused by deteriorated credit of the Group, as well as losses caused by having to make transactions under un- favorable conditions. Certain Group’s companies raise funds by borrowing, which are subject to liquidity risk.
In addition, funds procured at fixed interest rates are subject to market risk and their fair value is exposed to risk of fluctuation in market interest rate.
iii) Derivatives
The derivative transactions conducted by the Group include interest rate swaps and currency swaps. The Group applies deferred hedge and specific matching criteria to transactions undertaken as hedges against risk and evaluates hedge effectiveness on the basis of the market price fluctuation rate and the details of the contract. Derivative transactions are subject to credit risk associated with the deteriorating credit standing of the counterparty, credit risk of default of the contract, and changing market risk imposed by risk factors.
(c) Risk management for financial instruments
i) Basic risk management policy
The Group positions risk management as an important business challenge and enhances organization and system for managing risk rigorously. By monitoring various types of risk properly and managing risk by responding to changing financial conditions ap- propriately, the Group maintains and enhances the financial soundness of the Group and establishes a business foundation.
ii) Integrated risk management
The Group manages integrated risk in order to grasp and combine the various types of risks together in an integrated manner and to manage it so that the overall volume of risk does not get too big for management to handle. In addition, the Group has intro- duced a system for allocating risk capital within the range of shareholders’ equity as a provision against various types of risks, and is taking steps to ensure management soundness and to raise profitability and efficiency.
 44

                                 a) Credit risk
The divisions in charge of credit examination and administration of loans have been separated from business promotion divisions, and have been performing rigorous loan assessment and management under a system of mutual checks and balances. In addition, with regard to credit portfolios, concentration on particular regions, businesses, companies, and groups within the credit portfolios is appropriately managed.
A credit-rating system has been introduced to accurately grasp the creditworthiness of customers and to refine the credit risk management, and is effectively utilized for determining lending policies and interest rates. The Group improves the accuracy of self-assessment by establishing an independent division that performs audit and giving it the ability to perform checks and bal- ances at branches and the division in charge of credit examination.
b) Market risk
The Group determines risk acceptance and risk hedge policies in the ALM committee and other committees based on interest rate forecasts and profit targets through value at risk (VaR) method to ensure stable profitability.
Financial instruments influenced by interest rate risks are deposits; loans and bills discounted; and bonds and derivatives relat- ed to interest rate. Financial instruments influenced by stock price volatility risks are bonds, stocks, mutual funds related to stocks, and derivatives related to stocks. Higo Bank and Kagoshima Bank separately calculate and manage market risk.
Higo Bank calculates VaR based primarily on the historical simulation method (a holding period from 10 days to 6 months, a confidence interval of 99%, and observation period of 5 years). As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, VaR related to interest rate risks was ¥6,800 million ($61,266 thousand) and ¥16,200 million and VaR related to price volatility risks was ¥17,200 million ($154,968 thou- sand) and ¥17,300 million, respectively.
Kagoshima Bank calculates VaR based on the historical simulation method (a holding period of 10 days to 6 months, a con- fidence interval of 99%, and observation period of 5 years). As of March 31, 2019 and 2018, VaR related to interest rate risks was ¥8,500 million ($76,583 thousand) and ¥12,700 million and VaR related to price volatility risks was ¥18,100 million ($163,077 thou- sand) and ¥17,600 million, respectively.
Both banks perform back-testing to validate VaR periodically. However, VaR measures the amount of market risk by certain occurrence probabilities, which are statistically calculated based on past market movements. Therefore, there are cases in which VaR cannot capture risk under sudden and drastic changes in market beyond normal circumstances. The Group does not apply quantitative analysis to certain financial instruments that are small in value and financial instruments held by certain consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
c) Liquidity risk
Management department of liquidity risk grasps and analyzes the uses of funds on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis, and con- ducts appropriate procurement of funds from the market, as necessary. In addition, to provide for contingencies, the Group has established action plans and a reporting system, depending on the relative tightness of its cash position, so that it can swiftly re- spond to any situation.
(d) Supplemental explanation for fair value of financial instruments
Fair values of financial instruments include market prices as well as reasonably calculated prices in cases where there are no market prices available. As the calculations of the reasonably calculated prices are implemented under certain conditions and assumptions, the result of calculations would differ if such calculations are made under different conditions and assumptions.
45

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(e) Fair value of financial instruments
Fair values and carrying amounts of financial instruments as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, are shown below. Immaterial accounts in the consolidated balance sheet are not included in the table below. Some instruments, such as unlisted stocks, whose fair values cannot be reliably determined, are not included in the table below (see Note 14 (e) (Note 2)).
          (1) Cash and due from banks (2) Call loans and bills bought (3) Trading assets
Trading securities (4) Securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities
Available-for-sale securities (5) Loans and bills discounted
Reserve for possible loan losses (*1)
Total assets
(1) Deposits
(2) Call money and bills sold
(3) Payables under repurchase agreements
(4) Borrowing under securities lending transactions (5) Borrowed money
Total liabilities
Derivatives (*2)
For which hedge accounting is not applied For which hedge accounting is applied
Total
(1) Cash and due from banks (2) Call loans and bills bought (3) Trading assets
Trading securities (4) Securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities
Available-for-sale securities (5) Loans and bills discounted
Reserve for possible loan losses (*1)
Total assets
(1) Deposits
(2) Call money and bills sold
(3) Payables under repurchase agreements
(4) Borrowing under securities lending transactions (5) Borrowed money
Total liabilities
Derivatives (*2)
For which hedge accounting is not applied For which hedge accounting is applied
¥
Carrying amount
1,211,471 314
1,183
14,716 1,983,197 6,853,138
(63,218) 6,789,919 10,000,803
8,567,557
207,630 479,347 402,402
9,656,937
458 (11,423) (10,965)
Carrying amount
926,404 41,184
3,420
14,763 2,277,417 6,446,199
(61,099) 6,385,099 9,648,290
8,572,993
161,458 305,962 299,159
9,339,574
202 (2,696) (2,494)
Millions of yen
2019 Fair value
¥ 1,211,471 314
1,183
14,830 1,983,197
6,847,057 10,058,054
8,568,115
207,630 479,347 402,406
9,657,500
458 (11,423) (10,965)
Net unrealized gains (losses)
¥ 114
57,137 57,251
558
4 563
Net unrealized gains (losses)
¥ 48
43,684 43,733
956
(14) 942
            ¥
¥
¥
Millions of yen
                  ¥
2018 Fair value
926,404 41,184
3,420
14,812 2,277,417
6,428,783 9,692,023
8,573,950
161,458 305,962 299,144
9,340,516
202 (2,696) (2,494)
            Total ¥
¥
         46

                                 Thousands of U.S. dollars
      Carrying amount
10,915,136 2,829
10,658
132,588 17,868,249 61,745,544
(569,582) 61,175,952 90,105,441
77,192,152
1,870,709 4,318,830 3,625,569
87,007,270
4,126 (102,919) (98,792)
2019 Fair value
10,915,136 2,829
10,658
133,615 17,868,249
61,690,755 90,621,263
77,197,179
1,870,709 4,318,830 3,625,605
87,012,343
4,126 (102,919) (98,792)
Net unrealized gains (losses)
   (1) Cash and due from banks (2) Call loans and bills bought (3) Trading assets
Trading securities (4) Securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities
Available-for-sale securities (5) Loans and bills discounted
Reserve for possible loan losses (*1)
Total assets
(1) Deposits
(2) Call money and bills sold
(3) Payables under repurchase agreements
(4) Borrowing under securities lending transactions (5) Borrowed money
Total liabilities
Derivatives (*2)
For which hedge accounting is not applied For which hedge accounting is applied
Total
$
$
$
1,027
514,794 515,821
5,027
36 5,072
            $
$
         (*1) General reserve for possible loan losses and specific reserve for possible loan losses provided to loans and bills discounted are separately presented in the table above.
(*2) Derivatives recorded in trading assets, trading liabilities, other assets, and other liabilities are aggregated and shown herein. Assets and liabilities attributable to the derivative contracts are totally offset and the net liability position as a consequence of offsetting would be represented within brackets.
(Note 1) Valuation method of financial instruments
Assets
(1) Cash and due from banks
With regard to amounts due from banks without maturity and short-term (within one year) due from banks, as these instruments are settled within a short term and their fair value and carrying amounts are nearly identical, their carrying amounts are assumed as their fair value.
(2) Call loans and bills bought
As maturity of these instruments is within one year and their fair value and carrying amounts are nearly identical, their carrying amounts are assumed as their fair value.
(3) Trading assets
The fair value of securities, such as debt securities held for trading purposes, is determined based on their prices quoted by the stock exchanges or their quoted prices obtained from financial institutions.
(4) Securities
The fair value of equity securities is determined mainly based on their prices quoted by the stock exchanges. The fair value of bonds is determined based on their prices quoted by the exchanges or at rates indicated by financial institutions handling these transactions for the Group. The fair value of investment trusts is based on the base value publicly disclosed.
The fair value of privately placed bonds guaranteed by the Group is calculated using the same method as described in “(5) Loans and bills discounted” accounted below.
For information pertaining to investment securities for holding purposes, please refer to Note 4.
47

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(5) Loans and bills discounted
As loans bearing floating rates of interest reflect market rates of interest in the short term, unless credit conditions of the lending entity have changed significantly after lending the loans, their fair value and carrying amounts are nearly identical, so their carrying amounts are assumed as their fair value. Fixed-rate loans are segmented by loan type, internal rating, and period, and their fair value is determined by discounting the total amount of principal and interest by the interest rate that consists of the swap rate and the credit spread or the assumed interest rate on a new lending of the same type.
The fair value of loans lent to entities that are legally bankrupt, virtually bankrupt, or possibly bankrupt is determined according to the current value of expected future cash flows or the amount of collateral that is expected to be recoverable and guarantee amounts that are determined to be recoverable. As these amounts are nearly identical to the carrying amounts after deducting the allowance for doubtful accounts, these amounts are assumed as their fair value.
For loans that are fully secured by collateral and that have no specified repayment term, as in terms of their expected repayment periods and interest conditions, their fair value and carrying amounts are nearly identical, their carrying amounts are assumed as their fair value.
Liabilities
(1) Deposits
For demand deposits, fair value is assumed as the amount to be paid when demanded on the consolidated balance sheet date (i.e., the carrying amounts). The fair value of time deposits and negotiable certificates of deposit is determined by segmenting such depos- its by term and discounting future cash flows to their current value. The discount rate used is the rate of interest on new deposits of the same type. For foreign currency time deposits, as the term is short (within one year) and their fair value and carrying amounts are nearly identical, so their carrying amounts are assumed as their fair value.
(2) Call money and bills sold
As maturity of these instruments is within one year and their fair value and carrying amounts are nearly identical, their carrying amounts are assumed as their fair value.
(3) Payables under repurchase agreements
As their remaining term is short (within one year) and their fair value and carrying amounts are nearly identical, their carrying amounts are assumed as their fair value.
(4) Borrowing under securities lending transactions
As their remaining term is short (within one year) and their fair value and carrying amounts are nearly identical, their carrying amounts are assumed as their fair value.
(5) Borrowed money
As borrowed money bearing floating rates of interest reflects market rates of interest in the short term, the credit conditions of the Group have not changed significantly after lending the loans and their fair value and carrying amounts are nearly identical, their car- rying amounts are assumed as their fair value. For those with fixed-rate interest, the fair value is determined by segmenting such bor- rowed money by term and discounting the total amount of principal and interest by the rate of interest on new borrowings of the same type. As for borrowed money that has a short repayment term (within one year), their carrying amounts are assumed as their fair price, since its fair value and the carrying amount are nearly identical.
Derivatives
The information of the fair value for derivatives is included in Note 15.
 48

                                 (Note 2) Financial instruments whose fair value cannot be reliably determined
The following instruments are not included in “Assets (4) Securities” in the table above showing the fair value of financial instruments as of March 31, 2019 and 2018:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2018 2019
   2019
Unlisted stocks (*1 and *2) ¥ 4,529 Investments in partnerships and others (*3) 10,411 Total ¥ 14,941
¥
¥
4,015
7,955 11,971
$ 40,805 93,801 $ 134,615
               (*1) Fair value of unlisted stocks is exempt from disclosure because they do not have a market price and their fair value cannot be reliably determined.
(*2) The Group wrote off unlisted stocks amounting to ¥2 million ($18 thousand) and ¥2 million for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. (*3) Investments in partnerships and others, the assets of which comprise equity securities without a readily available market price, are out of the scope of
fair values disclosure because the fair value of those investments cannot be reliably determined.
(Note 3) Maturity analysis for claims and securities with contractual maturities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018
Millions of yen
2019
            Within 1 year
1 year to 3 years
¥ 6,502 6,502 330,597 135,859 35,012
128,295 1,121,318 ¥ 1,458,417
1 year to 3 years
¥ 7,059 7,059 545,771 289,368 47,014
162,765 1,064,670 ¥ 1,617,501
3 years to 5 years
¥ 4,695 4,695 165,788 30,075 20,767
64,837 907,504 ¥ 1,077,988
5 years to 7 years
¥ 551 551 139,221 23,322 23,200
22,280 624,862 ¥ 764,635
7 years to 10 years
¥ 158,453 45,501
25,689 782,117 ¥ 940,570
7 years to 10 years
¥ 176,426 5,165 30,589
10,733 727,363 ¥ 903,789
More than 10 years
¥ 639,656 133,384 84,891
194,185 1,662,445 ¥ 2,302,102
More than 10 years
¥ 495,016 156,926 49,338
164,467 1,524,218 ¥ 2,019,235
      Due from banks
Call loans and bills bought Securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities Corporate bonds
Available-for-sale securities with Japanese government bonds Municipal government bonds Short-term corporate bonds Corporate bonds
Loans and bills discounted (*1) Total
Due from banks
Call loans and bills bought Securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities Corporate bonds
Available-for-sale securities with Japanese government bonds Municipal government bonds Short-term corporate bonds Corporate bonds
Loans and bills discounted (*1) Total
¥
maturity
¥
1,107,758 314
2,966
2,966 316,622 158,861 27,453
92,488 1,670,326 3,097,988
                        Millions of yen
2018
            Within 1 year
¥ 836,290 41,184
2,942
3 years to 5 years
¥ 3,951 3,951 169,315 33,353 20,239
84,066 869,786 ¥ 1,043,054
5 years to 7 years
¥ 810 810 120,861 23,811 11,462
33,396 593,688 ¥ 715,359
      2,942 maturity 521,208 330,948 52,762 17,000 95,732 1,580,017 ¥ 2,981,642
                        49

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
            Within 1 year
1 year to 3 years
$ 58,581 58,581 2,978,619 1,224,065 315,451
1,155,914 10,102,874 $ 13,140,075
3 years to 5 years
$ 42,301 42,301 1,493,720 270,970 187,106
584,169 8,176,448 $ 9,712,478
5 years to 7 years
$ 4,964 4,964 1,254,356 210,127 209,027
200,738 5,629,894 $ 6,889,224
7 years to 10 years
$ 1,427,633 409,955
231,453 7,046,733 $ 8,474,367
More than 10 years
$ 5,763,185 1,201,765 764,852
1,749,572 14,978,331 $ 20,741,526
      Due from banks
Call loans and bills bought Securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities Corporate bonds
Available-for-sale securities with maturity Japanese government bonds Municipal government bonds Short-term corporate bonds
Corporate bonds
Loans and bills discounted (*1)
Total
$
833,300 15,049,337 $ 27,912,316
9,980,700 2,829
26,723
26,723 2,852,707 1,431,309 247,346
                        (*1) Of loans and bills discounted, the portion whose timing of collection is unforeseeable, such as loans to “Legally bankrupt” borrowers, loans to “Virtually bankrupt” borrowers, and loans to “Possibly bankruptcy” borrowers, amounting to ¥84,564 million ($761,906 thousand) (¥86,453 million in 2018), is not included in the table above.
(Note 4) Maturity analysis for interest-bearing liabilities as of March 31, 2019 and 2018
Millions of yen
2019
                  Deposits (*1)
Call money and bills sold
Payables under repurchase agreements Borrowing under securities lending
transactions Borrowed money
Total
Deposits (*1)
Call money and bills sold
Payables under repurchase agreements Borrowing under securities lending
transactions Borrowed money
Total
Deposits (*1)
Call money and bills sold
Payables under repurchase agreements Borrowing under securities lending
transactions Borrowed money
Total
Within 1 year
¥ 8,338,765
207,630
479,347
314,177 ¥ 9,339,920
Within 1 year
¥ 8,343,335
161,458
305,962
180,590 ¥ 8,991,347
Within 1 year
$ 75,130,777
1,870,709
4,318,830
2,830,678 $ 84,151,004
1 year to 3 3 years to 5 years years
¥ 197,131 ¥ 25,855
85,501 2,713 ¥ 282,632 ¥ 28,569
5 years to 7 years
¥ 2,273
10 ¥ 2,283
7 years to 10 years
¥ 3,530
¥ 3,530
7 years to 10 years
¥ 4,198
¥ 4,198
7 years to 10 years
$ 31,804
$ 31,804
More than 10 years
More than 10 years
More than 10 years
                        Millions of yen
2018
            1 year to 3 3 years to 5 years years
¥ 200,579 ¥ 23,627
38,276 80,262 ¥ 238,855 ¥ 103,889
5 years to 7 years
¥ 1,253
30 ¥ 1,283
                              Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
            1 year to 3 3 years to 5 years years
$ 1,776,114 $ 232,948
770,348 24,443 $ 2,546,463 $ 257,401
5 years to 7 years
$ 20,479
90 $ 20,569
                              50
(*1) Deposits on demand (current deposit, ordinary deposit, and deposit at notice) are included in “one year or less.”

                                 15. Derivative Financial Instruments
(a) Derivative financial instruments used by the Group
The Group enters into transactions with interest rate swaps, currency swaps, and foreign exchange forward contracts.
The Group executes these derivative transactions in order to manage and hedge the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations and exposure to changes in the market value of assets and liabilities held by the Group. In addition, the banks enter into derivative transactions for trading purposes, within the position and loss limits established by the Group.
(b) Risks on derivative transactions
The major risks associated with derivative transactions, which have the potential to materially impact the Group’s financial condition, are market and credit.
Market risk is related to the increase and decrease in the fair value of the positions held by the Group due to changes in the mar- ket price and interest rates of the underlying assets. Market risk is also subject to changes in liquidity and the volatility of the markets. Credit risk refers to possible losses on the positions held by the Group, which result from a counterparty’s failure to perform according to the terms and conditions of the contract.
The banking consolidated subsidiaries mainly apply a quantitative measurement method in order to capture market risk. The bank- ing consolidated subsidiaries monitor the outstanding balance and profit and loss for each type of transaction on a daily basis. In ad- dition, the banking consolidated subsidiaries apply a “VaR” measurement method to transactions for which it is considered necessary to apply a more sophisticated method. The Group manages credit risk by establishing credit limits for counterparties. Reviews of the adequacy of established credit lines are made on a regular basis and as deemed necessary.
(c) Risk management system of the Group
The Group exercises and controls the derivative transactions using limits, including position limits, credit limits for each counterparty, and stop-loss limits, in accordance with the Group’s policy on derivative transactions. Risks quantified are reported to the department and the director responsible for monitoring the transactions and the Board of Directors. The front-office function and the back-office function are segregated. The middle office is responsible for risk management and monitors front and back offices’ compliance with regulations and internal rules.
Contract amounts or notional principal amounts of derivative financial instruments disclosed represent nominal contract amounts or the notional principal amounts set up for the calculation of the settlement amounts. Generally, they do not represent the amounts for which the actual assets are exchanged. These amounts do not represent, by themselves, the volume of market risk and credit risk related to the underlying derivative financial instruments.
(d) Fair value of derivative financial instruments
Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting was not applied as of March 31, 2019 and 2018.
i) Interest rate-related transactions
There were no interest rate-related transactions as of March 31, 2019 and 2018.
ii) Foreign exchange-related transactions
Currency swaps
Foreign exchange forward contracts:
Selling Buying
Millions of yen
2019
        Contractual value or notional principal amount
Including more than one year
Fair value
¥ 224
248 (14)
Unrealized gains (losses)
¥ 69
248 (14)
    ¥
46,191
28,141 10,852
¥
23,780
25 23
51

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Millions of yen
2018
        Contractual value or notional principal amount
Including more than one year
Fair value
¥ 457
Unrealized gains (losses)
¥ 187
108 (364)
Unrealized gains (losses)
    Currency swaps
Foreign exchange forward contracts:
Selling Buying
Currency swaps
Foreign exchange forward contracts:
Selling Buying
¥
38,456
50,850 12,236
¥
31,733
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
108 (364)
        Contractual value or notional principal amount
Including more than one year
Fair value
2,018
2,234 (126)
    $
416,172
253,545 97,774
$
214,253
225 207
$
$
621
2,234 (126)
Notes:1. Derivative transactions shown above are stated at fair value in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 2. Calculation or quotation of fair value of the above derivatives is based on the discounted present value method, etc.
Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting was applied as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 i) Interest rate-related transactions
Millions of yen
2019
Contractual value or notional principal amount
        Hedged item
Loans and bills discounted Available-for-sale securities (debt securities)
Loans and bills discounted
Hedged item
Loans and bills discounted Available-for-sale securities (debt securities)
Loans and bills discounted
Including more than one year
Fair value
    Deferred method Interest rate swaps:
Receive floating and pay fixed
Specific matching criteria Interest rate swaps:
Receive fixed and pay floating Receive floating and pay fixed
Deferred method Interest rate swaps:
Receive floating and pay fixed
Specific matching criteria Interest rate swaps:
Receive fixed and pay floating Receive floating and pay fixed
¥
303,774
7,320 88,386
Millions of yen
2018
¥
259,461
7,320 83,583
¥ (11,328)
(Note 3)
Fair value
¥ (2,687) (Note 3)
        Contractual value or notional principal amount
Including more than one year
    52
¥
252,328
7,360 95,115
¥
218,503
7,360 93,615

                                 Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Contractual value or notional principal amount
        Hedged item
Loans and bills discounted Available-for-sale securities (debt securities)
Loans and bills discounted
Including more than one year
Fair value
$ (102,063)
(Note 3)
    Deferred method Interest rate swaps:
Receive floating and pay fixed
Specific matching criteria Interest rate swaps:
Receive fixed and pay floating Receive floating and pay fixed
$
2,736,949
65,951 796,342
$
2,337,697
65,951 753,067
Notes:1. For the interest rate swaps shown above, deferred hedge accounting is applied in accordance with JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 24, which was issued on February 13, 2002.
2. Fair values of the exchange traded derivatives are based on quoted market prices, such as those of Tokyo Financial Exchange, Inc.
Calculation or quotation of fair value of the over-the-counter traded derivatives is based on the discounted present value method or option- pricing models, etc.
3. The interest rate swaps that qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not measured at market value, but the differential paid or received under the swap agreements is recognized and included in interest expense or income. In addition, the fair value of such interest rate swaps is included in that of loans and bills discounted (the hedged items) stated in Note 14. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures.
ii) Foreign exchange-related transactions
Deferred method Currency swaps
Deferred method Currency swaps
Deferred method Currency swaps
Millions of yen
2019
Contractual value or notional principal amount
¥ 11,421
Millions of yen
2018
Contractual value or notional principal amount
        Hedged item
Loans and bills discounted
Hedged item
Loans and bills discounted
Hedged item
Loans and bills discounted
Including more than one year
Fair value
¥ (94)
Fair value
¥ (8)
Fair value
$ (846)
    ¥
11,421
        Including more than one year
    ¥ 1,589 ¥ 1,589
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Contractual value or notional principal amount
$ 102,901
        Including more than one year
$ 102,901
    Notes:1. For the currency swaps shown above, deferred hedge accounting is applied in accordance with JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 2 5, which was issued on July 29, 2002.
2. Calculation of fair value of the above derivatives is based on the discounted present value method, etc.
53

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
16. Other Comprehensive Income
The components of other comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, were as follows:
 Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
      Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities: Gains (losses) arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Amount before income tax effect
Income tax effect Total
Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting: Gains (losses) arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Amount before income tax effect
¥
2019
18,668 (3,250)
15,418 (4,710)
10,708
(10,235) 1,558
(1,670) 1,209
(461) 140 (321)
4,347
¥
2018
2,198 1,385 3,584 (1,202) 2,381
466 1,981 2,447
(744) 1,703
(1,237) 1,350 112
(34) 78
4,163
$
2019
168,195 (29,281)
138,913 (42,436)
96,477
(92,215) 14,037 (78,169) 23,758 (54,410)
(15,046) 10,892
(4,153) 1,261 (2,892)
39,165
                  Income tax effect
Total (6,039)
(8,676) 2,637
            Defined retirement benefit plans:
Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss Amount before income tax effect
Income tax effect
Total
Total other comprehensive income
17. Business Combinations
Transactions under common control
Additional acquisition of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
¥
¥
$
                        54
(a) Outline of the business combination
a) Name of parties to the business combination and their business outline The Kagoshima Lease Co., Ltd. (leasing business and lending business) Kagoshima Card Co., Ltd. (credit card business and credit guarantee business)
b) Date of the business combination March 25, 2019
March 26, 2019
March 27, 2019
c) Legal form of the business combination Share acquisition from noncontrolling interests
d) Name of the company after the business combination Unchanged
e) Other matters concerning the transaction
The Company acquired part of common stock of the above consolidated subsidiaries from noncontrolling interests for the pur- pose of strengthening integrated Group management.

                                 (b) Overview of accounting treatments applied
These transactions are accounted for as transactions under common control in accordance with “Accounting Standard for Business Combinations” issued on September 13, 2013 (Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) Statement No. 21) and “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Business Combinations and Accounting Standard for Business Divestitures” issued on September 13, 2013 (ASBJ Guidance No. 10).
(c) Matters concerning additional acquisition of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Acquisition cost and its details:
Consideration for acquisition: Cash and due from banks ¥1,134 million ($10,217 thousand) Acquisition cost: ¥1,134 million ($10,217 thousand)
(d) Matters concerning changes in equity interest of the company associated with the transactions with noncontrolling interests a) Fluctuation factor of capital surplus
Additional acquisition of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
b) Amount of capital surplus increased resulting from the transactions with noncontrolling interests
¥4,249 million ($38,282 thousand)
18. Segment Information
Under ASBJ Statement No. 1 7, “Accounting Standard for Segment Information Disclosures,” and ASBJ Guidance No. 2 0, “Guidance on Accounting Standard for Segment Information Disclosures,” an entity is required to report financial and descriptive information about its reportable segments. Reportable segments are operating segments or aggregations of operating segments that meet specified criteria. Operating segments are components of an entity about which separate financial information is available and such informa- tion is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Generally, segment information is required to be reported on the same basis as is used internally for evaluating operating segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources to operating segments.
(a) Description of reportable segments
The Group’s reportable segments are those for which separate financial information is available and regular evaluation by the Company’s management is being performed in order to decide how resources are allocated among the Group. Therefore, the Group’s reportable segments consist of banking and leasing. Banking consists of deposit taking, lending, domestic and foreign exchange trans- actions, and securities trading. Leasing consists of leasing and lending.
(b) Methods of measurement for the amounts of ordinary income, profit (loss), assets, and other items for each reportable segment The accounting policies of each reportable segment are consistent with those disclosed in Note 2, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.”
55

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(c) Information about ordinary income, profit (loss), assets, and other items was as follows:
                   Reportable segment Banking
Millions of yen
2019
Total Other Total Reconciliations
        Higo Bank
Kagoshima Bank
Subtotal Leasing
139,461 ¥ 28,829 1,416 1,681 140,878 ¥ 30,510 35,588 ¥ 1,596
Consolidated
¥ 170,322
¥ 170,322 ¥ 33,717 10,444,589
7,212 98,120 7,760
13,128
         Ordinary income:
Ordinary income by external customers
Intersegment ordinary income Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other:
Depreciation
Interest income
Interest expenses
Increase in fixed assets and intangible assets
75,173 485 75,658 18,170 5,830,251
3,838 52,412 5,845
2,780
64,288 931 65,219 17,418 4,576,181
2,746 48,434 1,961
7,706
¥
¥ ¥
¥
¥ ¥
¥
¥ ¥
¥
¥ ¥
173,297 7,375 180,672 38,310 10,525,863
7,050 101,114 8,083
10,711
¥ (2,974) (7,375) ¥ (10,350) ¥ (4,592) (81,273)
161 (2,994) (322)
2,417
168,290 ¥ 5,006 3,098 4,277 171,388 ¥ 9,284 37,185 ¥ 1,125 10,492,168 33,694
6,678 371 100,906 208 8,043 39
10,604 106
¥
¥ ¥
                                    10,406,433
6,585 100,846 7,807
10,487
85,735
93
59 236
117
Notes:1. Ordinary income means total income, less certain special income included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statement of income.
2. “Other” consists of other banking-related activities, such as credit card operations.
3. Reconciliations include items below:
a. The reconciliations of ordinary income by external customers of ¥(2,974) million ($(26,795) thousand) include reconciliations of ordinary income in accordance with purchase method application of ¥(2,979) million ($(26,840) thousand).
b. The segment profit reconciliations of ¥(4,592) million ($(41,373) thousand) include reconciliations of profit in accordance with purchase method application of ¥(3,766) million ($(33,930) thousand).
c. The interest income reconciliations in “Other” of ¥(2,994) million ($(26,975) thousand) include reconciliations of interest income in accordance with purchase method application of ¥(2,161) million ($(19,470) thousand).
d. Reconciliations of segment assets and interest expenses were eliminations of intersegment transactions. Reconciliations of depreciation and increase in fixed assets and intangible assets were reconciliations in lease investments assets.
4. Segment profit is reflected as an adjustment to ordinary profit in the consolidated statement of income.
                  Reportable segment Banking
Millions of yen
2018
Total Other Total Reconciliations
        Higo Bank
Kagoshima Bank
Subtotal Leasing
135,987 ¥ 30,028 1,183 1,895 137,171 ¥ 31,924 33,682 ¥ 1,427
Consolidated
¥ 164,696
¥ 164,696 ¥ 29,381 10,084,039
7,679 95,768 7,367
9,919
         Ordinary income:
Ordinary income by external customers
Intersegment ordinary income Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other:
Depreciation
Interest income
Interest expenses
Increase in fixed assets and intangible assets
70,043 385 70,428 17,971 5,585,720
4,347 51,437 5,263
3,276
65,944 798 66,742 15,711 4,465,441
2,789 47,758 2,151
4,120
¥
¥ ¥
¥
¥ ¥
¥
¥ ¥
¥
¥ ¥
169,923 6,953 176,876 35,755 10,165,359
7,520 99,477 7,687
7,975
¥ (5,226) (6,953) ¥ (12,179) ¥ (6,373) (81,319)
159 (3,708) (320)
1,944
166,016 3,079 169,096 35,109 10,135,777
7,225 99,261 7,651
7,411
¥ 3,906 3,873 ¥ 7,780 ¥ 645 29,581
294 215 35
564
¥
¥ ¥
                                    56
10,051,161
7,136 99,195 7,415
7,397
84,615
89
66 236
14
Notes:1. Ordinary income means total income, less certain special income included in other income in the accompanying income.
2. “Other” consists of other banking-related activities, such as credit card operations.
3. Reconciliations include items below:
a. The reconciliations of ordinary income by external customers of ¥(5,226) million include reconciliations of ordinary purchase method application of ¥(5,089) million.
consolidated statement of
income in accordance with
b. The segment profit reconciliations of ¥(6,373) million include reconciliations of profit in accordance with purchase method application of ¥(5,556) million thousand).
c. The interest income reconciliations in “Other” of ¥(3,708) million include reconciliations of interest income in accordance with purchase method application of ¥(2,906) million thousand).
d. Reconciliations of segment assets and interest expenses were eliminations of intersegment transactions. Reconciliations of depreciation and increase in fixed assets and intangible assets were reconciliations in lease investments assets.
4. Segment profit is reflected as an adjustment to ordinary profit in the consolidated statement of income.

                                                   Reportable segment Banking
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Total
$ 1,516,262 27,912 $ 1,544,175 $ 335,030 94,532,552
60,167 909,144 72,465
95,540
                 Ordinary income:
Ordinary income by external customers
Intersegment ordinary income Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other:
Depreciation
Interest income
Interest expenses
Increase in fixed assets and intangible assets
Related information
Higo Bank
$ 677,295 4,369 $ 681,665 $ 163,708 52,529,516
34,579 472,222 52,662
25,047
Kagoshima Bank
$ 579,223 8,388 $ 587,611 $ 156,933 41,230,570
24,740 436,381 17,668
69,429
Subtotal
$ 1,256,518 12,757 $ 1,269,285 $ 320,641 93,760,095
59,329 908,604 70,339
94,485
Leasing
$ 259,744 15,145 $ 274,889 $ 14,379 772,456
837
531 2,126
1,054
$
$ $
Other
45,103 38,535 83,647 10,136
303,576
3,342 1,874 351
955
Total
$ 1,561,374 66,447 $ 1,627,822 $ 345,166 94,836,138
63,519 911,019 72,826
96,504
Others
Reconciliations
$ (26,795) (66,447) $ (93,251) $ (41,373) (732,255)
1,450 (26,975) (2,901)
21,776
Consolidated
$ 1,534,570
$ 1,534,570 $ 303,784 94,103,874
64,978 884,043 69,916
118,280
Total
                                    (a) Segment information by service
Ordinary income by external customers
Ordinary income by external customers
Ordinary income by external customers
Lending
70,254
Lending
69,501
Lending
632,975
Securities investment
Millions of yen
2019 Leasing
               ¥
¥
$
¥ 43,087 ¥ 28,684 ¥ 28,296 ¥ 170,322 Millions of yen
     2018
investment Leasing Others Total
¥ 34,817 ¥ 29,798 ¥ 30,578 ¥ 164,696 Thousands of U.S. dollars
     Securities
          2019
investment Leasing Others Total
$ 388,206 $ 258,437 $ 254,941 $ 1,534,570
     Securities
     Note: Instead of the net sales of a nonfinancial company, ordinary income is presented.
(b) Segment information by geographic area
Segment information by geographic area is not disclosed as more than 90% of the total consolidated ordinary income and tangible fixed assets of the Group resides in Japan.
(c) Segment information by major customer
Segment information by major customers is not disclosed as there was no customer for which ordinary income was more than 10% of total ordinary income.
57

                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
19. Subsequent Events
(a) Appropriations of Retained Earnings
The following appropriation of retained earnings at March 31, 2019, was approved at the meeting of the Board of Directors held on May 14, 2019:
Thousands of Millions of yen U.S. dollars
Year-end cash dividends, ¥6.00 ($0.05) per share ¥ 2,709 $ 24,407
(b) Corporate acquisition via stock acquisition
The Higo Bank, Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, resolved at its Board of Directors’ meeting held on July 9, 2019, to acquire 90% of stock in JR Kyushu Financial Management Company from Kyushu Railway Company and concluded a stock transfer agreement on August 5, 2019.
The Group conducted the stock acquisition to realize its management philosophy and vision to “become Kyushu’s top comprehensive financial group for customers.”To this end, the Group rolled out its second Medium-Term Management Plan in April 2018.
Through this stock acquisition, the Group will work to further enhance its regional comprehensive financial functions and regional industry development function, which are the strategic pillars of its Medium-Term Management Plan, to provide enriched solutions to customers, which will in turn strengthen the Group’s management foundation and further improve corporate value.
The name of counterparty to the stock acquisition is Kyushu Railway Company, and the name, business, and scale of the acquiree are as follows:
   58
Name*:
Location:
Position and name of representative: Business:
Capital stock:
Date of establishment:
JR Kyushu Financial Management Company 1-5-1 Hakata-ekimae, Hakata-ku, Fukuoka President: Ryota Nakano
Comprehensive leasing business
¥400 million ($3,603 thousand) July 12, 1988
*The entity was renamed JR Kyushu FG Lease, Inc. on October 2, 2019.
The date of the stock acquisition was October 2, 2019, and the number of shares acquired and shareholding ratio after the acquisition were as follows:
Number of shares acquired: 7,200 shares Shareholding ratio after acquisition: 90%

                                Independent Auditors’ Report
  59

                                Non-Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)
 The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet
March 31, 2019 and 2018
ASSETS:
Cash and due from banks Call loans
Monetary claims purchased Trading assets
Money held in trust
Securities
Loans and bills discounted
Foreign exchange assets
Other assets
Fixed assets
Intangible assets
Prepaid pension cost
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Reserve for possible loan losses
Total assets
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY:
Liabilities:
Deposits
Payables under repurchase agreements Borrowing under securities lending transactions Trading liabilities
Borrowed money
Foreign exchange liabilities
Other liabilities
Reserve for retirement benefits
Reserve for repayments for dormant deposits Reserve for contingent losses
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities related to land revaluation Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
Equity
Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Valuation and translation adjustments:
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting Excess of land revaluation
Total valuation and translation adjustments Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 8,516,578 2,829 9,568 2,459 43,616 10,892,494 31,430,633 68,555 1,178,745 477,067 43,274 23,515 84,710
      ¥
2019
945,255 314 1,062 273 4,841 1,208,958 3,488,486 7,609 130,829 49,620 4,803 2,610 9,402
(22,299) 5,831,767
4,623,028 148,888 406,595
275,937 74 47,033 256 1,206 260 3,207 4,443 9,402 5,520,335
18,128 8,133 248,025
39,171 (7,882)
5,855 37,143 311,432 5,831,767
¥
2018
665,651 40,326 870 452 4,848 1,445,164 3,246,496 8,064 129,255 50,687 5,235 2,637 10,055
(22,189) 5,587,556
4,694,149 148,880 222,512
5 173,386 40 25,992 539 1,156 243 3,337 4,540 10,055 5,284,840
18,128 8,133 238,030
34,217 (1,866)
6,072 38,423 302,716 5,587,556
   ¥
¥
¥
¥
$
$
(200,909) 52,543,175
41,652,653 1,341,454 3,663,348
2,486,142 666 423,758 2,306 10,865 2,342 28,894 40,030 84,710 49,737,228
163,330 73,276 2,234,660
352,923 (71,015)
52,752 334,651 2,805,946 52,543,175
                  ¥
¥
$
         60

                                 The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Non-Consolidated Statement of Income
Years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Income:
Interest income:
Interest on loans and discounts Interest and dividends on securities Other interest income
Fees and commissions income Trading income
Other operating income
Gain on disposal of fixed assets Other income
Total income
Expenses:
Interest expenses:
Interest on deposits Other interest expenses
Fees and commissions expenses
Other operating expenses
General and administrative expenses Provision for possible loan losses
Losses on disposal of fixed assets
Losses on impairment of long-lived assets Other expenses
Total expenses
Income before income taxes Income taxes:
Current Deferred
Total income taxes
Net income
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
      ¥
2019
33,927 18,165 320 11,040 32 7,261 5 4,910 75,663
377 5,468 4,134 8,596 36,810 624 112 43 1,477 57,644 18,019
5,447 77 5,524 12,495
¥
2018
33,341 17,820 274 11,019 5 2,666 1 5,299 70,429
657 4,606 4,656 3,008 38,178 157 12 63 1,193 52,532 17,897
5,851 (266)
5,585 12,311
$
2019
305,676 163,663 2,883 99,468 288 65,420 45 44,238 681,710
3,396 49,265 37,246 77,448
331,651 5,622 1,009 387 13,307 519,362 162,347
49,076 693 49,770 112,577
                  ¥
¥
$
         61

                                Non-Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)
The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Non-Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 Years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Millions of yen
   Common stock
Capital surplus
8,133
8,133
8,133
Retained earnings
¥ 229,930 (4,227)
12,311 15
¥ 238,030 (2,718)
12,495 217
¥ 248,025
Millions of yen
   Balance at April 1, 2017
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at April 1, 2017
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
¥
¥
¥
18,128
18,128
18,128
¥
¥
¥
                             Valuation and translation adjustments
    Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities
Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting
Excess of land revaluation
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total equity
     ¥
¥
¥
35,745 ¥ (3,498) ¥ 6,088 ¥ 38,334 ¥294,527 (4,227)
(1,527) 34,217
4,954 39,171
12,311
15 88 88 ¥ (1,866) ¥ 6,072 ¥ 38,423 ¥302,716
(2,718) 12,495
1,632
(15)
                    (6,016)
¥ (7,882) ¥ 5,855 ¥ 37,143 ¥311,432
(217)
(1,279)
217 (1,279)
                    62

                                 The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Non-Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Thousands of U.S. dollars
      Balance at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
$
$
Common stock
163,330
163,330
$
$
Capital surplus
73,276
73,276
Retained earnings
$ 2,144,607 (24,488)
112,577 1,955
$ 2,234,660
      Thousands of U.S. dollars
     Valuation and translation adjustments
    Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities
Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting
Excess of land revaluation
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total equity
     $
$
308,289
44,634 352,923
$ (16,812) $ 54,707 $ 346,184 $2,727,416 (24,488)
112,577
(54,203)
$ (71,015) $ 52,752 $ 334,651 $2,805,946
(1,955)
(11,523)
1,955 (11,523)
          63

                                Non-Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)
 THE KAGOSHIMA BANK, LTD.
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet
March 31, 2019 and 2018
ASSETS:
Cash and due from banks Call loans
Monetary claims purchased Trading securities
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
$ 2,390,828
85,548 8,198 99,198 7,266,204 30,701,819 43,328 184,061 543,904 33,633 77,484 216,253
(385,395) 41,265,113
35,663,429 529,254 655,473 995,161 873 145,796 15,758 9,550 2,009 45,535 62,203 216,253 38,341,364
163,348
100,946 2,150,761
374,132 (297)
134,822
508,667 2,923,740 41,265,113
      9,495 910 11,010 Securities 806,476
Money held in trust
Loans and bills discounted Foreign exchange assets Other assets
Fixed assets
Intangible assets
Prepaid pension cost
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Reserve for possible loan losses
Total assets
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY:
Liabilities:
Deposits
Payables under repurchase agreements Borrowing under securities lending transactions Borrowed money
Foreign exchange liabilities
Other liabilities
Reserve for retirement benefits
Reserve for repayments for dormant deposits Reserve for contingent losses
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities related to land revaluation Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
Equity
Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Valuation and translation adjustments:
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting Excess of land revaluation
Total valuation and translation adjustments Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
¥
¥
3,407,595 4,809 20,429 60,368 3,733 8,600 24,002
(42,775) 4,580,015
3,958,284 58,742 72,751 110,453 97 16,182 1,749 1,060 223 5,054 6,904 24,002 4,255,508
18,130
11,204 238,713
41,525 (33)
14,964
56,457 324,506 4,580,015
¥
¥
$
$
¥
2019
265,358
¥
2018
260,314 857 8,968 2,974 12,967 862,067 3,239,867 6,323 23,211 56,007 3,618 8,788 23,741
(40,832) 4,468,875
3,896,639 12,577 83,450 110,037 81 15,932 1,745 1,058 245 4,146 6,949 23,741 4,156,605
18,130
11,204 229,313
38,572 (10)
15,058
53,620 312,269 4,468,875
                  ¥
¥
$
            64

                                 THE KAGOSHIMA BANK, LTD.
Non-Consolidated Statement of Income
Years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Income:
Interest income:
Interest on loans and discounts Interest and dividends on securities Other interest income
Fees and commissions income Other operating income
Gain on disposal of fixed assets Other income
Total income
Expenses:
Interest expenses:
Interest on deposits Other interest expenses
Fees and commissions expenses
Other operating expenses
General and administrative expenses Provision for possible loan losses
Losses on disposal of fixed assets
Losses on impairment of long-lived assets Other expenses
Total expenses
Income before income taxes Income taxes:
Current Deferred
Total income taxes
Net income
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
      ¥
2019
36,319 12,017 95 10,333 1,693 106 4,866 65,433
528 1,433 5,091 1,762 34,291 2,690 274 182 2,111 48,365 17,067
5,670 (627)
5,042 12,024
¥
2018
36,119 11,543 95 10,213 977
7,793 66,742
702 1,449 5,477 4,403 34,416 3,539 94
1,044 51,125 15,616
4,272 352 4,624 10,991
$
2019
327,227 108,271 855 93,098 15,253 955 43,841 589,539
4,757 12,911 45,868 15,875
308,955 24,236 2,468 1,639 19,019 435,759 153,770
51,085 (5,649)
45,427 108,334
                  ¥
¥
$
         65

                                Non-Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)
THE KAGOSHIMA BANK, LTD.
Non-Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 Years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Millions of yen
   Common stock
Capital surplus
11,204
11,204
11,204
Retained earnings
¥ 222,553 (4,227)
10,991 (4)
¥ 229,313 (2,718)
12,024 93
¥ 238,713
Millions of yen
   Balance at April 1, 2017
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at April 1, 2017
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
¥
¥
¥
18,130
18,130
18,130
¥
¥
¥
                             Valuation and translation adjustments
    Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities
Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting
Excess of land revaluation
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total equity
¥ 305,791 (4,227)
10,991
(4) (281)
¥ 312,269 (2,718)
12,024
93 2,836 ¥ 324,506
     ¥
¥
¥
38,931 ¥ (81) ¥ 15,053
¥
¥
¥
53,902
(281) 53,620
2,836 56,457
(358) 38,572
2,952 41,525
71 4 ¥(10)¥ 15,058
(23) (93) ¥(33)¥ 14,964
                                        66

                                 THE KAGOSHIMA BANK, LTD.
Non-Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
Thousands of U.S. dollars
      Balance at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends
Net income
Reversal of excess of land
revaluation
Net change in the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
$
$
Common stock
163,348
163,348
$
$
Capital surplus
100,946
100,946
Retained earnings
$ 2,066,069 (24,488)
108,334 837
$ 2,150,761
      Thousands of U.S. dollars
     Valuation and translation adjustments
    Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for- sale securities
Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives under hedge accounting
Excess of land revaluation
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total equity
     $
$
347,526
26,596 374,132
$ (90) $ 135,669 $ 483,106 $2,813,487 (24,488)
108,334
837 25,551 $ (297) $ 134,822 $ 508,667 $2,923,740
(207)
(837)
25,551
          67

 68
Corporate Data
Organizational Chart
Board of Corporate Auditors
Office of the Board of Corporate Auditors
(As of October 1, 2019)
Compliance and Risk Management Division
Operation Administration and IT Management Division
Business Strategy Division
Personnal / General Affairs Division
Public Relations / IR Division
Corporate Planning Division
Audit Division
Network of the Kyushu Financial Group
Kyushu FG Securities
Tokyo
The Higo Bank:
1 location
The Kagoshima Bank: 1 location
Shanghai
(Representative Office)
The Higo Bank:
1 location
The Kagoshima Bank: 1 location
Osaka
The Higo Bank:
1 location
The Kagoshima Bank: 1 location
Taipei
(Representative Office)
The Kagoshima Bank: 1 location
General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of Directors
Group Management Council
Nominating and Remuneration Committee
Committees
Organizational Integration and Headquarters Building Construction Committee
New Business Development Committee Digital Innovation Committee Comprehensive Budgeting Committee ALM Committee
CR Committee

                                   Total Number of Shares
Total number of authorized shares Ordinary stock Total number of issued shares Ordinary stock
Principal shareholders
Iwasaki Ikuei Bunka Zaidan, General Foundation
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co.
Japan Trustee & Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
The Bank of Fukuoka, Ltd.
Japan Trustee & Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 9)
Takara Kogyo Co., Ltd.
Kagoshima Bank Employees' Shareholding Association
Iwasaki Sangyo Co., Ltd.
Nippon Life Insurance Company
1,000,000,000 shares 463,375,978 shares
(As of the end of March 2019)
 Name
Number of shares (thousands)
Equity stake (%)
20,936 4.63
18,568 4.11
15,689 3.47
15,163 3.35
12,620 2.79
9,707 2.15
8,258 1.82
7,679 1.70
7,616 1.68
7,361 1.63
          (As of October 1, 2019)
   Fukuoka
The Higo Bank:
6 locations
The Kagoshima Bank: 1 location
Nagasaki
The Higo Bank: 1 location
Kumamoto
The Higo Bank:
111 locations
The Kagoshima Bank: 1 location
Kyushu FG Securities: 2 location
Okinawa
The Kagoshima Bank: 2 location
Oita
The Higo Bank: 1 location
Miyazaki
The Kagoshima Bank: 9 locations
The Higo Bank:
1 location
Kyushu FG Securities: 1 location
Kagoshima
         The Kagoshima Bank:
136 locations (including online branches) The Higo Bank:
1 location
Kyushu FG Securities:
1 location
   69

                                                   Address of Main Branch
6-6, Kinseicho, Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima-ken, Japan 892-0828
Address of Headquarters
1, Renpeicho, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto-shi,
Kumamoto-ken, Japan 860-0017 Phone:(096)326-5588
  