Society
The Kyushu Financial Group will support regional long-term growth and create a “vigorous regional society and economy” together with local regions and customers by demonstrating regional comprehensive financial functions and regional industry promotion function.
  *The amount of joint funds indicates cumulative results from October 2015 to March 2019 while other items indicate results for FY2018.
 Regional revitalization
Partnerships with local governments
Aiming at realizing a “vigorous regional society and economy” which is essential for sustainable regional development, we have partnership agreements with local governments concerning regional revitalization and utilization of regional resources such as historic buildings and agricultural products.
Comprehensive Collaboration Agreement on Regional Revitalization
Kumamoto City, Aso City, Uki City, and Mashiki Town Collaboration Agreement on Utilization of Historic Buildings, etc.
Hitoyoshi City and Kosa Town
Agreement relating to Mutual Cooperation and Collaboration for Regional Revitalization Minamikyushu City, Satsuma Town, Kirishima City, Kimotsuki Town, Ebino City, and Ibusuki City Comprehensive Business Cooperation Agreement, etc. Hioki City, Satsumasendai City, Minamisatsuma City, Tarumizu City, and Kanoya City
Diversity and work-life balance
Empowerment of women
We actively work on such initiatives as “support for balancing work with childcare and nursing care,”“training for career development,”and“work style reform.”
Female managers As of March 31, 2019 Childcare support Results in FY2018 Higo Bank Kagoshima Bank
24 11 135 46
people people people people
Support for founders
We held a contest to support entrepreneurs and students who are going to take a new step with a vision for regional vitalization and nurturing venture-minded people.
Promotion of cashless transactions
“YOCADO KAGOSHIMA,”
a commercial facility
located on the first and
second floors of the
Annex Building, Head
Office, Kagoshima Bank, opened in June 2019, in- troduced cashless settlement at all stores. Through taking active initiatives as a bank that handles cash, the bank is facilitating the spread of cashless settlement in the region.
In-house daycare centers
In-house daycare centers are established to pro- vide an environment where people can work and raise children without worry.
Higokko no Mori Daycare Center
             14
Cumulative total*
Joint funds ¥8.7billion
Number of staff who took childcare leave
Loans executed
for supporting restoration ¥
billion
Number of staff on short-time working
234.7
   Kagin Daycare Center Yumeiro
Higo Bank Kagoshima Bank
                                  Related SDGs
 Regional contribution
Promotion of culture and sports
Recovery and restoration of cultural artifacts
The Group’s donated a total amount of 2.0 billion yen in three years to help recover and restore cultural artifacts affected by the Kumamoto Earthquake, such as Kumamoto Castle and Aso Shrine.
Donation ceremony
Support for local sport teams
Promotion of regional sports
We are working to contribute to the region through athletic sports by pro- viding opportunities for female track and field athletes within the prefecture.
     Higo Bank Women’s Ekiden Club
Kagoshima Bank Athletics Club
Sponsorship for Women’s Handball World Championship
  In addition to support and volun- teering activities for the Kumamoto Castle Marathon and Kagoshima Marathon, we have entered into contracts as an official partner of Kagoshima United FC (soccer team) and Kagoshima Rebnise (basketball team) to take active initiatives for promoting sports.
Social contribution
Bank on wheels
HarmoniCar, a bank on wheels, is operated with the goals of improving customer conve- nience and facilitating business continuity planning (BCP) during times of disaster. We provide financial services in areas with few bank branches, event sites, and other various places.
As an official sponsor of the Women’s Handball World Cham- pionship 2 0 1 9, we contribute to regional vitalization through sports.
Financial education
As a part of financial education for elementary school students, a “money class” is conducted every year. In 2019, an SDGs learning program was launched for children to develop their “skills for living sustainably.”We also hold the Kagoshima regional tournament of the All Japan High School Economics Quiz Tourna- ment (Economics Koshien).
  Sponsorship for Smile Baby Project
Privately-placed bonds that include donations
In commemoration of the issuance of privately-placed bonds by our partners, we donate educational materials and other goods to schools designated by our partners. We are actively working on offering learning opportunities including study, sports, and cultural activities for children to encourage their future growth.
Commemorating the official partner contract with Kagoshima United FC
Sponsorship for Women’s Handball World Championship 2019
    Money class
  The “Hajimetebako (first box)” is handed out to families raising children in Ka- goshima Prefecture. Kagoshima Bank offers goods featuring our original character “SHIRODON” to encourage the healthy growth of children who will cre- ate the future.
Hajimetebako (first box)
  15