CSR Activities
Compliance: Corporate Ethics Promotion Structure
Cosmo Energy Holdings has established the Corporate Ethics and Human Rights Committee to promote and implement the CEG’s Code of Conduct, and to check its status. The Committee’s operation is supported by the CEG Corporate Ethics Office. Aiming for enhancing employees’ sense of ethics, the Corporate Ethics and Human Rights Committee plans, implements, and evaluates various programs, including training programs on corporate ethics for all group employees, and e-learning.
The CEG Corporate Ethics Consultation Helpline, by which employees’ misconduct such as violation of laws and corporate rules, as well as ethical issues, can be reported or
anonymously discussed as a consultation, has been established within the Corporate Ethics Office and at an outside law firm.
In addition, in FY2018 the Harassment Consultation Helpline was established outside the group to consult on interpersonal issues in workplace, including sexual or power harassment. A consultation helpline card was distributed to all group employees (about 9,000).
Details of the reported and consulted issues and the response by the respective office are forwarded to the Supervisory Committee and are reflected in future CSR activities. There were zero incidents involving serious compliance violations* in FY2017.
* The most serious violations stipulated in the internal rules or accidents.
Consultation Helpline Card
CSR-based Procurement
     Risk Management
Being strongly committed to the stable supply of energy, the Cosmo Energy Group holds Safety and Risk Management Committee meetings twice a year to promote risk and safety management at the group-wide level. The Committee discusses risks and safety policy for the entire group and checks progress of the related actions. The core three operating companies and semi-core companies also have their own risk management committee and safety committee, in accordance with their respective business and function. These committees check the status of initiatives taken for their respective, inherent risks, develop safety measures, and manage progress of safety activities. The committees strive to check and improve risk management and safety control actions.
Cosmo Energy Holdings and its three core operating companies are promoting initiatives to eliminate business transactions with organizations known or suspected of criminal behavior, in addition to green procurement in which the “green degree” evaluation, as well as conventional quality, price, and delivery factors are comprehensively evaluated.
Information Disclosure: Inclusion in ESG Indices
Cosmo Energy Holdings has been included in the “FTSE4Good Developed Index” for 16 consecutive years since 2003 when the Company was adopted. It was the first Japanese oil company to have that distinction. In FY2017 the Company was selected as a constituent of the “FTSE Blossom Japan Index,” which the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) has adopted as an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) investment index for Japanese equities. The Company has also been selected as a constituent of the “SNAM Sustainability
During the new consolidated medium-term CSR management plan, we will develop a CSR procurement policy that incorporates ESG initiatives in consideration and broadly disclose it to stakeholders. We aim at sustainable development by working with suppliers who agree with our policy.
Index,” a proprietary index that is based on a combination of ESG assessments and stock valuation and is created by Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management (SNAM).
      Submission of matters, Reporting
Submission of matters, Reporting
Cosmo Energy Holdings
Core and semi-core groups
Reporting
Approval, Supervision
Instruction
Instruction
Companies directly under Cosmo Energy Holdings Cosmo Engineering Co. Cosmo Trade & Service Co. Cosmo Business Associates Co. Cosmo Energy Systems Co. Eco Power Co.
Sharing
    Inquiries to the Corporate Ethics 30 Consultation Helpline
Inquiries to the Harassment and Human Rights Consultation Helpline
  20
10 9
30 16
29* 17
13
   067 FY2013 FY2014
11
 FY2015 FY2016
FY2017
* From FY2017, the Harassment and Human Rights Consultation Helpline was eliminated and integrated into the CEG Corporate Ethics Consultation Helpline.

In January 2018 Cosmo Energy Holdings’ consolidated subsidiary, Maruzen Petrochemical CO., Ltd. found out that it failed to conduct some of the tests and analysis concerning quality inspection on products as outlined in contracts with customers. We sincerely apologize the great inconvenience and anxiety caused to people concerned. We will enhance our quality control structure and implement measures to prevent recurrence. These measures have been drawn up by Maruzen Petrochemical based on the proposals from an internal investigation committee, which was set up with participation by outside lawyers, and which conducted investigation and analysis of the cause.Measures to prevent recurrence
Measures on the organizational and institutional factors for the entire company
The following measures to raise corporate-wide (including subsidiaries) awareness on quality, reinforce the quality assurance system to customers, and strengthen alliance with relevant departments will be taken. Further, the corporate culture shall be improved to make compliance better embedded.
• Establish the quality assurance system across the entire company (including subsidiaries). • Establish the system to appropriately manage quality control at the Chiba Plant.
• Enhance the role of the Sales Management Dept, Quality Assurance Group.
• Enhance the auditing system.
• Strengthen the CSR management system.
Measures on the historical and environmental factors concerning the Quality Control Division
The following measures to enhance an internal system of the Quality Control Division and to improve work flow will be taken.
• Enhance the system of the Quality Control Division and improve the work flow.
C
A
B
  Measures on the subjective and personal factors of the staff in the Quality Control Division
Take measures for not generating any inappropriate conduct caused by subjective or personal factors.
• Make the work visible and establish awareness in the mindset of employees.
• Hold training that addresses to the measures to prevent recurrence (conducted also at the Quality
Inspection Department of the Yokkaichi Plant).
Please see details on the press releases (Japanese only) on the website of Cosmo Energy Holdings: “Inappropriate Conducts on Quality Inspection by Cosmo Energy Holdings’ Subsidiary” (released on February 2, 2018) and “Investigation Report on Inappropriate Quality-Related Conducts by Cosmo Energy Holdings’ Subsidiary, Measures to Prevent Recurrence, and Reduction in Directors’ Remuneration” (released on April 4, 2018).
 COSMO REPORT 2018 54