Value Creation Results          Materialities
AEON MALL has identified Five Materialities in the context of business strategy for achieving
our long-term vision P.29
Developing Community and Social Infrastructure
     Safe, secure, and pleasant facilities
In 2005, AEON introduced universal design in the development of malls in Japan to ensure all customers enjoy safe and pleasant shopping experiences. Subsequently, we have conducted regular customer surveys soliciting customer
opinions, making ongoing improvements in both tangible and intangible aspects of mall design.
Overseas, we were among the first to develop malls with large parking facilities in response to rising motorization.
AEON MALL Zama (Kanagawa Prefecture)
In 2018, AEON MALL Zama received the Barrier-Free Town Planning Award from Kanagawa Prefecture. This award recognized the mall for innovative design accommodating all shoppers, including guests with disabilities and seniors.
         Malls that reflect the unique character of a community
AEON designs malls to reflect the particular community to be served and local market characteristics. To the greatest extent possible, we create design concepts that incorporate what makes an area unique and attractive. We will continue to produce uniquely appealing facilities by embodying these concepts in exterior and interior designs, leasing, and daily events.
We also create concept zones in each of our malls
that encourage visitors to rediscover the attraction of their community’s culture, industry, tourism resources, and more. By reflecting the unique features of the region in the design of each facility, AEON MALL instills a sense of community pride that results in residents taking personal ownership of the mall.
THE OUTLETS HIROSHIMA (Hiroshima Prefecture)
The first "THE OUTLETS" concept mall is a regional innovative commercial facility completely different from conventional malls. The facility features an outlet zone with nearly 120
brand shops, along with entertainment facilities that include Wonder Rink, the only year-round ice-skating rink in Hiroshima Prefecture. With the support of local community and Hiroshima City, this mall offers shops and information resources that communicate the attractions of the surrounding region.
       61 2019 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT
     Financial Information/ Company Overview Value Creation Story Value Creation Strategies Value Creation Management Value Creation Results     Town planning for disaster prevention
Most of our malls in Japan have signed agreements with local governments for disaster relief and other activities for the safety of local citizens. We coordinate closely with local communities
Expansion of public functions
AEON MALL is adding more public functions for customer convenience, including post offices, administrative services
Encouraging acceptance and use of electric vehicles (EV)
AEON MALL is installing EV charging stations at our malls
to encourage the use of low-CO2 electric vehicles and plug- in hybrids. In 2017, AEON was the first company in Japan to pledge participation in EV100. We currently have a total 2,332 EV charging stations at our malls in Japan and overseas.
Encouraging the use of public transportation
AEON MALL supports the construction of public transportation services that our customers can use to visit our malls. At certain malls within walking distance of train stations, we
to improve disaster preparedness by holding regularly scheduled disaster prevention response exercises with tenant specialty store employees.
AEON MALL Iwaki Onahama (Fukushima Prefecture)
A major feature of this mall is its status
as a disaster-ready mall. Important mall equipment is installed at a height above the highest expected tsunami level. The mall also has emergency power equipment and portable toilets. In the event of an earthquake, AEON MALL Iwaki Onahama is ready to accept evacuees, even after regular business hours.
branch offices, libraries, and polling stations for early voting. Other public facilities include health clinics and financial services.
We also work with the Japan Red Cross to promote blood donation drives. Our malls throughout Japan provide blood donation centers, and we raise awareness of the need for blood donations from people of all ages, particularly younger donors.
Japan Student Christmas Blood Donation Campaign
In December 2018, student blood drive volunteers led the Japan Student Christmas Blood Donation Campaign at 40 malls across Japan.
partner with railroad companies and transportation authorities to offer special perks to customers who take the train when they shop at our facilities.
                   2019 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT 62