Value Creation Results          Materialities
 Building Bridges to Local Communities
   Happiness Mall initiatives
The AEON Group has been conducting more Health and Wellness initiatives to contribute to rich and varied lifestyles for customers through physical and mental health. Our goal is to make AEON MALL a place that offers happiness
Hyper-Localization to boost local appeal
AEON MALL builds shopping malls that provide many community functions, serving as local community centers. One such example is our work supporting the Nationwide Disaster
AEON Yume-Mirai Nursery School
We continue to build on-site AEON MALL Yume-Mirai Nursery Schools to support work-life balance for our employees who are raising children. These facilities are open to everyone
for our customers. Each mall engages in Happiness Mall initiatives based on the four pillars of HEALTH, WELLNESS, COMMUNITY, and OPPORTUNITY.
AEON MALL Walking
To support healthier lifestyles for our customers, AEON MALL facilities provide walking paths, open for all to use. AEON MALL Miyazaki (Miyazaki Prefecture) offers a mall walking program overseen by the Center for Preventive Medical Sciences at Chiba University. This program was incorporated into the mall after a floor space expansion in March, creating a space and opportunity to promote greater health awareness. We participate in the Fun + Walk Project with the Japan Sports Agency in a public-private partnership. No matter what the weather outdoors, customers can always enjoy walking inside their local mall.
Prevention Caravan in cooperation with the Scout Association of Japan.
working in our malls, including the employees of the AEON Group and tenants. This initiative helps people who must balance work with child rearing. At the same time these schools reduce the number of children on waiting lists for childcare centers.
The admission rate for AEON MALL nursery schools is 84 percent*1, which exceeds the national average for company-
sponsored child-care facilities of 61 percent*2.
*1 As of November 1, 2018 *2 As of March 31, 2018
A total of 18 nursery schools have been installed in AEON MALL facilities to date (as of February 28, 2019; 25 facilities across all AEON Group properties).
                63 2019 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT