Financial Information/ Company Overview Value Creation Story Value Creation Strategies Value Creation Management Value Creation Results     The Environment
Responding to climate change and global warming
      In March 2018, the AEON Group announced AEON Decarbonization Vision 2050. The goal of this initiative is to achieve a decarbonized society by the year 2050 by promoting energy conservation, the use of renewable energy, and other measures.
To date, 11 facilities in the AEON Group, 10 of which are operated by AEON MALL, have become environmentally friendly model facilities. We are currently developing the Next-Generation Smart AEON program, a further evolution in our decarbonization. As an example, AEON MALL Zama
(Kanagawa Prefecture) has achieved a 30 percent reduction in CO2 emissions compared to standard AEON stores.
In FY2018, AEON MALL was awarded a score of B by
the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)*1 in recognition of the
our response to climate change and our disclosure of carbon emissions data. This score places AEON MALL at the third position in an eight-level scale, the highest we have ever achieved.
*1 The Carbon Disclosure Project is an international NGO that promotes climate change disclosures on behalf of over 800 institutional investors representing holdings of $100 trillion. The CDP conducts annual surveys of companies around the world. In FY2018, over 6,800 companies responded to the survey.
    AEON MALL Sen Sok City (Cambodia)
This mall features a nearly 1MW solar power system and high-efficiency chillers, targeting a goal of reducing CO2 emissions by approximately 1,564 tons per year. The AEON MALL Sen Sok City solar power system and high-efficiency chillers qualified the mall for selection as a Joint Crediting Mechanism (JCM) assistance project*2 for FY2016 by the Japan Ministry of the Environment.
*2 The Joint Crediting Mechanism (JCM) is a program organized by the Japanese government. This program contributes to the global spread of advanced Japanese low-carbon technologies and initiatives to reduce greenhouse gases and encourage sustainable development among emerging economies. These efforts are assessed according to the quantitative volume of emissions reductions, helping Japan accomplish its greenhouse gas reduction targets.
    AEON Hometown Forest Project (biodiversity)
The AEON Hometown Forest Project is a forestry initiative that embodies the AEON Group’s basic philosophy. The project has been ongoing since 1991. AEON works with customers to plant trees on land considered most appropriate for the local natural environment. As of February 28, 2019, the AEON
Recycling waste products
Group has planted a cumulative total of nearly 11.9 million trees. In FY2018, AEON MALL held tree-planting festivals at seven newly-opened malls in Japan and overseas. A total of approximately 124,000 trees were planted at these events.
To foster a recycling oriented society, AEON MALL launched a zero emissions program to recycle all waste generated by our malls.
AEON MALL Okayama (Okayama Prefecture)
AEON MALL Okayama operates a program in which waste
is collected from each tenant, weighed with measuring instruments, correctly sorted, and recycled under the guidance of a specialist. This initiative was honored by receiving the Okayama City Waste Reduction and Resource Development for Business Award.
        2019 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT 64