Value Creation Results          Materialities
 Diversity and Work-Style Reform
Globalization of Human Resources
Our basic policy for overseas human resources is to hire
local staff who have a deep understanding of AEON MALL principles and who can engage in business rooted deeply in the local community. We promote people who produce results to senior management positions without regard to national origin. In China, seven AEON MALL facilities are overseen by general managers who were hired locally. In ASEAN as well, we are active in promoting local staff to senior positions.
Meanwhile, we create opportunities for our Japanese employees to gain experience overseas. We believe that the experience of working with local staff gives Japanese employees the chance to grow and develop in their own careers.
Nadeshiko Brand
Aiming to increase the ratio of female managers in our company, AEON MALL is building systems that allow employees to balance work with family and child care responsibilities. We are also generating a visual representation of work hours to reduce overtime work. Further, we are developing indicators designed to enhance work efficiency, making AEON MALL a company at which women can enjoy long-term careers. AEON MALL has been recognized as a Nadeshiko Brand for three consecutive years. This status recognizes publicly traded companies that actively encourage female participation.
Japanese Employees Working Overseas With Local Staff Members
Iku Navi is an internal guidebook for employees who wish to return to work while maintaining a healthy balance between child-rearing and work.
            Improving Employee Satisfaction for Tenant Employees
Labor shortages have become a social issue in Japan. As developers, we believe we have a responsibility to create workplace environments that support the long-term careers of tenant employees. We also believe sponsoring initiatives for
employee satisfaction is part of our responsibilities.
With these goals in mind, we present awards for best
practices at our malls, recognizing efforts in employee break room renovations and employee-only menu options, for example. We catalog these best practices and roll them out throughout the rest of our organization.
AEON MALL Fukutsu (Fukuoka Prefecture)
In response to interviews with employees, AEON MALL Fukutsu is enhancing employee privacy by increasing the number of private carrels, providing more electrical outlets to recharge electronic devices, and improving the quality of powder rooms. Employees appreciate these improvements, with 88 percent reporting that facilities are easier to use than before.
       65 2019 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT