Financial Information/ Company Overview
         Accountability in Business
Human Rights Policies, Systems, and Training
The unwavering principle of AEON is pursuing peace, respecting humanity, and contributing to local communities, always from the customer's point of view. To honor these principles we will comply with all relevant laws and regulations, while dealing with all people honestly and sincerely through proper behavior. The AEON Code of Conduct was enacted
in April 2003 on the basis of these values. In September
2014, AEON codified a philosophy of human rights and the workplace producing AEON's Basic Human Rights Policies in support of the AEON Code of Conduct.
AEON MALL follows this philosophy and these policies
in respect for human rights. The company aspires to create an organization that allows all people, regardless of their gender or nationality, to participate in the development of the company. We strive to create workplaces that enable all employees to perform to the highest level of their abilities.
All employees of the company attend an annual human rights training. Moreover, all employees are provided with a handbook that lists both internal and external help desks. This handbook provides clear information about respect for human rights, the prevention of discrimination, and other matters in the context of the AEON MALL employment rules.
   AEON Code of Conduct–Our Commitment
1. AEON people are always grateful to the many other individuals who provide support and help, never forgetting to act with humility. 2. AEON people value the trust of others more than anything else, always acting with integrity and sincerity in all situations. 3. AEON people actively seek out ways to exceed customer expectations.
4. AEON people continually challenge themselves to find new ways to accomplish the AEON ideals.
5. AEON people support local community growth, acting as good corporate citizens in serving society.AEON Human Rights Policy
In accordance with this policy, all of AEON’s executives and employees (AEON People) will further their understanding of human rights and help realize a society that respects these rights.
We will adopt this policy for all AEON People and share it with all business partners.
 1. Our Approach to Human Rights
For everyone affected by our business activities, we will comply with domestic laws on human rights and labor, the International Bill of Human Rights, and the rules
on human rights set forth in the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work in accordance with the AEON Basic Principles, the AEON Code of Conduct, and the United Nations Global Compact, which we joined in 2004. Further, we will support and follow the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
2. Respect for Human Rights in Business Activities
We will respect the privacy of individuals as well as their diverse values and personalities and never discriminate against anyone for any reasons, including discriminatory treatment based on race, nationality, ethnicity, gender, age, place of birth, religion, educational background, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Further, we will remain mindful of the positions of others and respect them as our equals.
• We will treat all customers in a fair and impartial manner and provide them with safe, reliable products and services as well as related information.
• We will actively communicate with local community members to ensure that we are respecting their human rights.
• We will comply with sound corporate ethics and workplace environment-related laws, regulations, and international standards
in our business activities by dealing with business partners fairly. Moreover, we will continually improve our performance in this regard.
• We will listen to our coworkers, respect each coworker’s human rights, and create workplace environments that are harassment free, safe, and employee friendly. At the same time, we will train and educate all AEON People to further their knowledge and understanding of human rights.
3. Implementation of Human Rights Due Diligence
Regarding the impact of our business activities on human rights, we will contribute to the realization of a society in which human rights are respected through the implementation of human rights due diligence.
Revised October 2018
 Initiatives to Prevent Corruption
See Corporate Governance (P.49) for more about our initiatives to prevent corruption.
2019 AEON MALL INTEGRATED REPORT 66