 Integrated Report 2018

   CORPORATE PHILOSOPHY
The Best of Nature and Science
CORPORATE MISSION
To contribute to the unparalleled medical therapeutic power of
the combination of Kampo medicine and Western medicine
BASIC DIRECTION
Tradition and Innovation
TSUMURA’S BUSINESS
Tsumura’s core business is the manufacture and sale of prescription Kampo products.
Guided by our corporate philosophy, “The Best of Nature and Science,” we seek to fulfill our corporate mission—“To contribute to the unparalleled medical therapeutic power of the combination of Kampo medicine and Western medicine.” Our basic direction of “Tradition and Innovation” encapsulates our commitment to achieving ongoing growth by leveraging the Tsumura Group’s strengths to create innovation.
The Tsumura Group will support health in Japan by providing
a stable supply of its mainstay, high-quality Kampo products.
We thereby aim to contribute to creating a healthcare environment in which all patients can receive treatment that includes Kampo medicine when appropriate in any healthcare institution or medical department in Japan, with the goal of extending the life spans of the people of this country.
TSUMURA & CO.
Editorial Policy
Integrated Report 2018 was prepared with the goal of communicating Tsumura’s efforts to improve its corporate value from a medium-to- long-term perspective to a broad range of stakeholders. As this is our first integrated report, we look forward to making our future reports more insightful for stakeholders by gaining valuable input and information via interactions with them going forward.
Scope of Data Collection and Applicable Period
Performance data is from fiscal 2018.
• TSUMURA & CO.
LOGITEM TSUMURA CO., LTD. YUBARI TSUMURA CO., LTD.
(From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
• Tsumura China Inc.
SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO., LTD. SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD.
TSUMURA USA, INC.
(From January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017)
Notice will be provided in cases when the scope of data collection differs from the above.
Forward-Looking Statements
and Precautions
The information provided in this integrated report contains forward-looking statements. Numerical projections represent the Company’s best judgments and assumptions based on information available at the time of publication of this report and therefore contain a certain degree of risk and uncertainty. Accordingly, actual performance could differ materially from these forecasts. In addition, this report contains information on pharmaceuticals. However, this information is not meant to serve as advertise- ments or medical advice.
  
  CONTENTS
02 Tsumura’s Business and History 04 About Kampo
06 To Our Stakeholders
10 The Kampo Value Chain and Tsumura’s Business Model
Initiatives for Pursuing
Ongoing Growth and Social Value Created by Tsumura
46 Compliance and Risk Management
48 Eleven-Year Selected ESG Data
50 Eleven-Year Selected Financial Data (Unaudited) 52 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
60 Consolidated Balance Sheets
62
63
65
66
86
88
12
14
34
38
Consolidated Statements of Income /
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
16
Medium-Term Management Plan
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Independent Auditor’s Report
Businesses in China 20 Our Progress
Human Resources Corporate Governance
Corporate Data
 GLOSSARY
Kampo Medicine
Kampo medicine is a form of traditional Japanese medicine that originated in China.
Crude Drugs
Crude drugs are materials with medical benefits from naturally derived sources, including plants, animals, minerals, and fungi, that have been dried, steamed, or otherwise processed.
Western Medicine
Western medicine is the medical tradition that originated in Ancient Greece and subsequently developed in Europe and the United States.
Granules
Granules are similar to powders but consist of either larger grains or large grains made by packing powder grains together. Compared to powders, granules are less likely to scatter.
Kampo Medicines
Kampo medicines are pharmaceuticals prescribed based on the practice of Kampo medicine. They generally consist of two or more crude drugs.
Value Chain
The value chain is a concept proposed by Michael E. Porter that entails system- atically and comprehensively evaluating the process through which final value is created by all of a company’s activities.
Integrated Report 2018 1
  
 Tsumura’s Business and History
Tsumura was founded in 1893 guided by
its founder’s belief that quality medicine was guaranteed to sell.
Ever since, the Tsumura Group has remained true to its founder’s belief, always striving to produce and supply high-quality Kampo products boasting the efficacy needed for patients to use them with peace of mind.
In 2018, Tsumura celebrated the 125th anniversary of its founding. Going forward,
we will continue to pursue further growth by contributing to people’s health.
Tsumura’s Business
Pharmaceutical Company Contributing to People’s Health with Kampo
Tsumura is a pharmaceutical company that specializes in the Japanese medical tradition that is Kampo. Of the Company’s sales, 95.2% come from prescription Kampo products that are prescribed by physicians, while 2.5% are attributable to over-the- counter pharmaceuticals.
Tsumura has developed a quality management system that applies stringent standards across all areas of the supply chain, spanning from the cultivation and procurement of naturally derived crude drugs to the production and sale of Kampo prod- ucts. In addition, we are also optimizing this supply chain to increase earnings.
As Tsumura endeavors to secure stable supplies of safe crude drugs, reforms its production systems, and grows the domestic Kampo market, it is also expanding into overseas markets. Examples of this overseas expansion can be seen in its efforts to develop TU-100 (Daikenchuto) in the United States that have been ongoing since 2008 and in the capital and business alliance with major Chinese insurance company Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd., announced in September 2017.
(Fiscal Year)
1894
Tsumura Juntendo is founded, starting the manufacture and sale of Chujoto medicine for women.
1925
Tsumura Research Institute for Pharmaceutical Science and Tsumura Medicinal Plant Garden are opened.
 1931
Bathclin aromatic bath salt is launched.
1937
TSUMURA JUNTENDO, INC. is established.
1965
Shizuoka Plant is completed.
1975
Sales of prescription Kampo products begin.
1977
A total of 33 prescription Kampo formulations are added to the National Health Insurance (NHI) drug price list.
1983
Tsumura’s stock listing is upgraded to the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
1984
The Ibaraki factory is completed and research facilities are moved thereto.
1991
SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO., LTD., is established
1989
Company name is changed to TSUMURA & CO.
1988
The total number of Kampo formulations listed on the NHI drug price list reaches 129.
2002
SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD., is established.
An agreement is concluded for collaborative research on the cultivation of crude drugs in China.
2007
Household products business (Bathclin, etc.) is spun off to form Tsumura Lifescience Co., Ltd.
Share unit number is changed.
2009
Shares of stock in Tsumura Lifescience Co., Ltd., are transferred.
       2 TSUMURA & CO.
 
           Expansion of
the Kampo Market
Compound Annual Growth Rate of the Domestic Prescription Kampo Product Market
3.9%
Tsumura’s Share of the Domestic Prescription Kampo Product Market
83.9%
Customers
General Practitioners, Clinics, etc.
74.8%
University Hospitals
and Designated Hospitals for Clinical Training, etc.
25.2%
              Over the past 10 years, Japan’s prescription Kampo product market has displayed a compound annual growth rate of 3.9%,*1 outpacing the rate of 2.6%*1 seen for the overall domestic prescription product market during the same period. This strong growth can be attributed to various factors. Among these factors are the spread and establishment of Kampo medicine practices, progress in the development of scientific evidence on the efficacy of Kampo products and increased activity to promote this evidence, and higher Kampo prescriptions in the Company’s three important domains of geriatric health, cancer (supportive care), and women’s health, a trend accompanying the rapid rise in demand for pharmaceuticals.
Tsumura boasts a share of 83.9%*2 of sales in the domestic prescription Kampo product market. We are therefore a leader in providing prescription Kampo products, which supply modern medicine with a form of value that is completely different from that offered by Western drugs. By meeting the needs of the medical field and of patients, we will expand the treatment domains for Kampo products and thereby further the growth and development of the market.
*1 Copyright ©2018 IQVIA, estimated based on “JPM Mar. 2009 MAT–Mar. 2018 MAT,” reprinted with permission
*2 Copyright ©2018 IQVIA, based on “JPM Mar. 2018 MAT,” reprinted with permission
Pharmaceutical manufacturers sell their products directly to pharmaceutical agencies. However, sales activities are targeted at the doctors and pharmacists who use these products.
A total of 74.8% of Tsumura’s sales comes from the general practitioner and clinic market, which consists of community- rooted medical institutions, and the remaining 25.2% of sales derive from university hospitals and designated hospitals for clinical training*3 with 100 or more beds.
In Japan, there is no differentiation between Western medicine and Kampo medicine in terms of the licensing system for physicians. Accordingly, there are those physicians who prescribe both Western drugs and Kampo medicines. However, the level of interest in Kampo medicine and the proficiency at utilizing Kampo formulations can vary among physicians and physicians-in-training. To address this disparity, we hold Kampo training sessions for physicians and physicians-in-training working at university hospitals and designated hospitals for clinical training to provide them with the latest scientific evidence on Kampo products. Through these efforts, we aim to have our products employed by new facilities over the medium-to-long term. We also engage in sales activities aimed at increasing the number of Kampo formulations that physicians can use proficiently.
*3 Hospitals that provide two-year practical training to physicians who have gradu- ated from medical departments and acquired their medical license
2017
Journal of Japanese Botany celebrates its 100th anniversary.
SPH TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD., is established.
Tsumura enters into the traditional Chinese medicine compound granule business.
A business alliance agreement is concluded with Tianjin China Medico Technology Co., Ltd.
Tsumura China Inc. is established.
2018
Tsumura transitions to the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system.
A capital and business alliance is formed with Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.
   2010
YUBARI TSUMURA CO., LTD., is established. LAO TSUMURA CO., LTD., is established.
2012
Tsumura establishes technology for cultivating licorice.
A local business in Laos is certified as a public-private partnership under Japan’s program regarding partnerships that accelerate growth.
An agreement for the joint development of raw material crude drugs is concluded with the government of Baishan in China.
2016
A joint research agreement is signed with Hong Kong Baptist University.
2015
An agreement is signed for joint research on Atractylodes lancea rhizome with the China Academy of China Medical Sciences.
YUBARI TSUMURA CO., LTD., transitions to an agricultural production corporation.
2014
A sponsorship agreement is concluded for the University of Oxford Innovative Systems Biology Project.
      Integrated Report 2018 3
 
 About Kampo
   Kampo Products
    Kampo products are therapeutic formulations created based on the principles of Kampo medicine, a traditional form of Japanese medicine. The raw materials for Kampo medicines are crude drugs derived mainly from plants.
Kampo medicines are basically made by combining more than two and some- times up to 10 crude drugs. While, traditionally, Kampo medicines have entailed boiling and drinking crude drugs, most of the prescription Kampo products used in Japan today are powdered extracts, the active ingredients of which have been extracted from crude drugs.
Many of the raw material crude drugs for making Kampo formulations used in Japan today are imported from China. As the ingredients contained in crude drugs can vary based on their type or where they are grown, crude drugs that have not been grown in specific locations may not be suited to the production of Kampo products.
       History of Kampo Medicine
   The roots of Kampo medicine can be traced back to China, although its methods differ from those of traditional Chinese medicine or from those of Korean medicine, the latter of which shares similar roots. The predecessor of Kampo medicine was a medical approach created in ancient China that was introduced to Japan some- time in the fifth or sixth century. In the 17th century, the Kampo medical tradition was codified through accounts of treatments conducted over the course of its long history, and it then went on to evolve as a distinctive Japanese medical tradition.
Throughout a long portion of the history of Kampo medicine, a word for “Kampo” did not exist in Japan. The word “Kampo” would first come to be used to refer to traditional Japanese medicine in the middle of the Edo period, when the Western medicine introduced from the Netherlands came to be referred to as “Rampo.”
      Differences between Kampo Medicine and Western Medicine
    While Western medicine is scientific and theoretical in nature, Kampo medicine is philosophical and experimental at its heart.
The fundamental treatment method of Western medicine is to directly address and remove the cause of the illness. Conversely, Kampo medicine entails examining the patient as a whole, as opposed to just focusing on the illness, to provide a means of stimulating their natural healing power and resistance and bringing their entire body into balance. In addition, Western drugs almost always contain only one ingredient made from chemical compounds. A single drug is thus administered for a single symptom or disorder. In contrast, Kampo medicines are often composed of crude drugs containing a mixture of ingredients. For this reason, one formula- tion can demonstrate positive results for multiple symptoms.
   4 TSUMURA & CO.
 
    Establishment of Scientific Evidence
    Kampo medicines are made from naturally derived crude drugs and contain several active ingredients. Accordingly, it can be difficult to determine the mecha- nisms through which specific ingredients affect diseases. In recent years, however, steady progress has been made in elucidating the mechanism of Kampo medicine, and the effectiveness of Kampo medicines has been documented in numerous clinical trials and prominent medical journals.
Tsumura is also working to establish scientific evidence on the efficacy of Kampo medicine. Specifically, we have identified a total of 10 formulations on which we are focusing efforts to form a body of evidence. These include the five “drug fostering” program formulations identified in fiscal 2005, which have been demonstrating special efficacy for certain diseases in fields where medical treat- ment needs are high and that are difficult to treat with Western drugs. The other formulations are the five “growing” formulations that we identified in fiscal 2017 with the aim of having them listed in medical treatment guidelines by establishing scientific evidence in fields where treatment satisfaction and contributions from medicine are low.
      Prescriptions of Kampo Products by Domestic Physicians
     According to a 2011 survey by the Japan Kampo Medicines Manufacturers Association, 89% of Japan’s physicians had prescribed Kampo products to their patients.
Reasons stated for prescribing Kampo products include their efficacy in treating ailments for which Western drugs are not effective, requests by patients, and academic reports on scientific evidence related to these products. In fact, the ability for a physician to combine Western medicine and Kampo medicine in order to treat patients by calling upon the strengths of both could be said to be a char- acteristic of Japanese medicine.
      Coverage under
the Japanese National Health Insurance Plan
    Currently, 148 prescription Kampo products are covered under the Japanese National Health Insurance (NHI) plan, and these products are becoming an indis- pensable part of medical services in Japan in a similar manner to Western drugs. All of the 129 Kampo formulations made by Tsumura are covered under the NHI plan and are thus subject to the establishment of set prices by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare and, consequently, the price revisions that are insti- tuted once every two years, in principle.
   Integrated Report 2018 5
 
 To Our Stakeholders
 Terukazu Kato
President
and Representative Director
 At Tsumura, we will protect the traditions established by
our forebears while evolving together with the changing times to realize ongoing improvements in corporate value by contributing to people’s health through Kampo.
6 TSUMURA & CO.
  
 Thanks to the support of all of its stakeholders, Tsumura was able to celebrate its 125th anniversary in 2018. We would not be here today if not for your support, for which I am sincerely grateful. In light of this momentous occasion, I feel that I am charged with the important responsibility of deepening my own understanding of the history forged by our founder and forebears and of the passion they held and passing on this understanding to others at the Company. Tsumura has faced many trials over its history, such as a deterioration in performance when we strayed too far from the area of strength that is Kampo and even the criminal prosecution of one our former managers. No matter how much time should pass, our past scandals will never disappear. An overconcentration of power will lead to the corruption of the organization; this is a lesson we had to learn the hard way. We at Tsumura are committed to never repeating past mistakes, and we are therefore driven to develop strong and effective corporate governance systems.
After receiving approval at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2017, Tsumura transitioned to the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system described in the Companies Act of Japan. At the same time, we changed the membership of the Board of Directors to consist of a majority of outside directors in order to reinforce our oversight and monitoring functions. We also delegated authority from the Board of Directors to the Executive Committee with the aim of expediting management decision-making and enabling the Board of Directors to devote more time to matters of greater importance. The new system has enabled us to receive an even wider range of opinions and advice from outside directors on topics such as the risks of not under- taking certain projects. In this manner, deeper and more meaningful and energetic discussions can now take place
at meetings of the Board of Directors without us becoming overly preoccupied with matters of execution.
Successes and Issues from Fiscal 2018
In fiscal 2018, net sales increased 2.5% year on year, to ¥117,879 million; operating profit was up 6.7%, to ¥17,050 million; and profit attributable to owners of parent rose 16.1%, to ¥14,504 million. With these increases in sales and profit also came a 0.6 percentage point improvement in the operating profit margin, which signaled an end to the downward trend in profit margins that had continued since fiscal 2015. Our ability to increase the operating profit margin was due in part to a decline in the prices of crude drugs. However, I feel that this accomplishment was more a success of the high awareness of costs and the sense of crisis shared among all employees on the front lines of procurement and manufacturing. In truth, the growth in net sales was slightly lower than our target. I therefore recog- nize the need to accelerate our initiatives in this regard.
Even with an aging population, declining birth rate, and accompanying shrinking of the population in Japan, I feel that the domestic Kampo product market is far from its peak. In fact, we continue to see growth in demand in the three important domains defined in the medium-term management plan, namely, geriatric health; cancer, sup- portive care in particular; and women’s health. Conversely, rising social security costs are placing downward pressure on drug prices. We cannot deny that this is making for a difficult operating environment. Moreover, the accumulation of scientific evidence on the efficacy of Kampo medicines and the recent rise in recognition for Kampo medicines have made for a situation in which we will not be able to achieve growth of the desired speed if we stick purely to our previous sales and marketing approaches. We have
 Fiscal 2018 Business Results
¥ million
Net sales Operating profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Operating profit margin
Target 120,700 17,600
12,700 14.6%
Fiscal 2018 117,879 17,050
14,504 14.5%
Vs. target
Amount % (2,820) 97.7% (549) 96.9%
1,804 114.2%
(0.1) percentage point
YoY
Amount % 2,924 2.5% 1,067 6.7%
2,015 16.1%
+0.6 percentage point
                                                                                                  Integrated Report 2018 7
 
 To Our Stakeholders
therefore begun to implement organizational and internal awareness reforms with the aim of driving the steady expansion of the Kampo product market called for in the medium-term management plan.
Organizational Reforms and Human Resource Development in Response to Operating Environment Changes
Tsumura recognizes that organizational and internal awareness reforms are a pressing task. This recognition is based on our understanding that adapting to current and future changes in Japan’s medical field will be imperative to the Group’s management. The rapid aging of the popu- lation of Japan will no doubt increase the number of people harboring concerns regarding their health. At the same time, the shortage of physicians, especially in rural areas, is growing ever more severe, causing many to seek options that differ from those found in the current medical field. Examples of such options can be seen in the increasing interest in preventive medicine, the advancement of alternative medicine and home health care, and the con- struction of the Comprehensive Regional Care System* advocated by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare.
Furnishing accurate responses to such changes in the operating environment and growing the Kampo product market will require that all frontline employees develop a
discretion to be practiced by frontline operations in fiscal 2018. Multifaceted support is provided to those employees who have newly found themselves in leadership positions as a result of the increase in the number of regional branches.
Furthermore, we plan to establish a program, to be called the Tsumura Academy, with the aim of cultivating management candidates as part of our frameworks for improving motivation and reinforcing our operations.
* The Comprehensive Regional Care System is a comprehensive support and service system set to be constructed by 2025 that is meant to help maintain the dignity of senior citizens and support them in leading independent lives by enabling them to continue living in the regions to which they have grown accustomed to the greatest extent possible.
Resolution of Social Issues through Business Activities and Future Challenges
The long value chain of our Kampo and crude drug procurement operations originates at the farms at which crude drugs are cultivated. Many crude drug producing areas in China were previously impoverished regions due to poor access from major transportation venues. After forming contracts with Tsumura, income in these areas often stabilizes, contributing to their development. In Japan as well, the use of idle land to develop crude drugs has helped invigorate local communities. This process of resolving social issues through our business also contrib- utes to the accomplishment of the Sustainable
Development Goals advocated by the United Nations and
68.8%
is incredibly meaningful for the Company itself. Expanding the Kampo product market and securing
keen understanding of the circumstances in the medical
field and of the needs of their respective regions. Based on
this understanding, employees will need to act and make
pro10p0osals in a manner that is finely tuned to the situation in
their region. To facilitate this type of response to operating
environment changes, we increased the number of regional
branches from 12 to 21 and then allowed for greater
200
70
00
97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
Net Sales / Operating Profit Margin
stablesuppliesofcruded3r5ugsareissuesofextreme 66.7
importance to management. In relation to these issues,
Japanese National Health Insurance (NHI) drug price
revisions represent a challenge that will need to be
 ¥ million
140,000
70,000
0
97
117,879 14.5
%
24
12
0
                      8 TSUMURA & CO.
98
99
00
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17 18
Pharmaceutical products Household products
Operating profit margin (right scale)
 
 overcome if we are to continue to provide a consistent supply of high-quality Kampo products while maintaining mutually beneficial, win-win relationships with crude drug farmers and production companies through our business. All of Tsumura’s 129 prescription Kampo products are covered under the NHI plan. Given the unique role these products play in modern medicine, it is important to prevent declines in the prices of these products. Tsumura has decided not to develop new drugs, but rather to continue to provide Kampo formulations based on traditional medical practices. For this reason, the NHI drug price revisions instituted once every two years have a significant impact on the Company. Moreover, as we use naturally grown crude drugs as our raw materials, the extent to which we can control costs is limited. This situation means that even a reduction of a few percent in the prices of our products can have a massive impact. We are thus committed to doing everything in our power to overcome this challenge so that we can continue to supply patients with the Kampo medicines they need while purchasing crude drugs from farmers and production companies at fair prices.
Advancement of Businesses in China
In September 2017, Tsumura announced that it had formed a capital and business alliance with Ping An, the holding company for a major Chinese insurance group, along with plans to strengthen its crude drug procurement systems and develop analytical research operations focused on traditional Chinese medicine. It is true that the power of Ping An’s global brand and the network it has formed with medical institutions in China are appealing to the Company. However, the biggest factor leading to this alliance was that we both share similar ideals.
In the future, China is expected to experience population aging to a greater degree than even Japan, meaning that reducing medical spending will be of the utmost importance to this country going forward. Understanding this crisis brought on by this social issue, Ping An founder Ma Mingzhe felt it was his mission to develop a healthcare business, which he saw as representing a business model that was simultaneously beneficial to the public good and synergetic with Ping An’s business.
Tsumura, meanwhile, has imported raw material crude drugs from China since its founding. As such, we have always held a strong desire to contribute to the health of people in China to return the favor for all the country has given us thus far. In order to maintain our strong relationship with China, I believe it is vital that we evolve from a company that merely conducts procurement and production in China to become a company that makes wide-reaching contri- butions to the people of China. Our alliance with Ping An will not only serve as an opportunity to explore a new market; it will also be a means through which we can further build upon the mutually beneficial, win-win relationships we have forged with crude drug farmers and production companies in China through our transactions up until this point.
Potential for Kampo Medicines as
Japan Faces a Turning Point
Japan is currently facing a turning point. Amidst the declining population stemming from population aging and a falling birth rate, there is a call for the realization of a society with a bustling economy offering security and support for all through means such as mobilizing women in the workforce and rais- ing the mandatory retirement age. Meanwhile, the widening gap between the average life span in Japan and the so-called healthy life span during which people are living in good health is becoming a serious social issue. Against this backdrop, I see Kampo as having the potential to assist people in living more empowered and healthier lives going forward.
Tsumura’s corporate mission is “To contribute to the unparalleled medical therapeutic power of the combination of Kampo medicine and Western medicine.” Accordingly, the meaning for our existence is to help as many people as possible lead healthy lives by supplying them with Kampo medicines. Our quest to fulfill this mission knows no end. Looking to the future, we will continue to pursue further growth with the aim of making Tsumura into a company that its stake- holders always deem to be necessary. I hope we can look forward to your support as we tackle the challenges to come.
September 2018
 Integrated Report 2018 9
 
 The Kampo Value Chain and Tsumura’s Business Model
Tsumura has developed a Kampo value chain that encompasses everything from the cultivation and the procurement of the crude drugs that serve as the raw materials for Kampo products to quality management, research, extract manufacturing, distribution, and even promoting the spread of Kampo medicine.
Tsumura’s business model is characterized by its being founded on this Kampo value chain, through which the Company manages and integrates all its business activities, from upstream to downstream areas. This value chain is the source of our competitiveness in the stable supply of high-quality Kampo products.
    CULTIVATION AND PROCUREMENT
QUALITY INSPECTION
STORAGE
    Tsumura cultivates and procures crude drugs for Kampo products in China, Japan, and Laos, among other countries.
Inspections are conducted
to ensure raw material crude drugs meet legal requirements and Tsumura’s standards for ingredient concentration and for residual agricultural chemicals, microorganisms, and other contaminants.
Raw material crude drugs are stored at warehouses with stringently managed tempera- tures and humidity levels.
  Enhancement of the Kampo Value Chain
Long-term commitment is crucial to the management and enhancement of the Kampo value chain. This value chain begins with raw material crude drugs. Tsumura procures 119 varieties of crude drugs to produce its 129 prescription Kampo products, some of which require seven or eight years or even longer to cultivate. We are therefore forming networks of crude drug farmers and production companies to ensure that we can secure a stable supply of raw
material crude drugs with the required quality. At the same time, Tsumura is developing production technologies and expertise while also working to establish scientific evidence regarding its Kampo medicines to encourage the wide- spread use of this traditional form of medicine in the medical field of today. Engaging in such initiatives on a continuous, long-term basis will create management resources that will be invaluable to Tsumura’s business.
10 TSUMURA & CO.
 KAMPO VALUE CHAIN

     MANUFACTURE
SALE
Products shipped from factories are delivered to distribution centers, then pharmaceutical wholesalers, and finally medical institutions.
EDUCATION AND POPULARIZATION
      WHAT IS KAMPO?
                Raw material crude drugs
are chopped and Tsumura’s proprietary equipment is used to produce Kampo extracts that are the same as those prepared through traditional methods.
Extracts are made into powdered extracts through filtering; low-temperature, short-period condensation; and instant drying to prevent adverse impacts from heat.
Powdered extracts are mixed with diluting agents*1 to form granules, which are packaged, boxed, and shipped as products.
Information necessary for the proper use of Kampo medicines is provided to medical practitioners and general users.
  *1 Diluting agents are additives that are used when handling pharmaceuticals or to improve form or the convenience of use.
This integrated value chain is now forming the foundation underpinning our position as the market leader boasting a share of more than 80% of the prescription Kampo product market and simultaneously creating a high barrier for entry for other companies. Initiatives for enhancing our Kampo value chain will therefore be crucial to the ongoing growth of Tsumura. The Company intends to continuously allocate management resources to enhance functionality at each stage of the value chain as required. Specific initiatives will include expanding Cultivated Land under Own Management*2
to ensure a stable supply of crude drugs, developing quality management and traceability systems to ensure we can deliver reliable and high-quality products, and establishing scientific evidence and conducting education activities to grow the market.
*2 Cultivated Land under Own Management refers to farms with a cultivation area above a defined amount for which Tsumura directly provides cultivation guidance and has an understanding of cultivation costs based on which it can set crude drug procurement prices. Not only limited to farms directly operated by the Tsumura Group, these farms also include collaborative cultivation in China and contracted cultivation in Japan.
Integrated Report 2018 11
 
 Initiatives for Pursuing Ongoing Growth and Social Value Created by Tsumura
Tsumura believes that recognizing and responding to the opportunities and risks presented by social issues in the medical field and crude drug producing areas contribute to the ongoing growth of the Company as well as to the creation of social value. Our business activities begin with the cultivation and procurement of naturally derived crude drugs and end with the manufacture and sale of prescription Kampo products, and various stakeholders are involved in these activities. Tsumura aspires to make wide-ranging contributions to the accomplishment of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals through its business activities.
  OPPORTUNITIES
RISKS
   Rising crude drug prices
Foreign exchange rate movements
Limited ability to diversify crude drug producing areas
Changes in raw material crude drug cultivation environments and harvest volumes
Decrease of agricultural workforce and population aging
Climate change in crude drug producing areas
 Rising energy prices
Stricter regulations in response to environmental issues
Concern regarding the transference
of production technologies and expertise
Labor shortfalls accompanying rise in production volumes
 Increase in number of items needing to be managed Stricter management standards
 Disparity in Kampo understanding and interest among medical practitioners
Appearance of unexpected adverse drug reactions Drug price reductions
Move to limit healthcare spending
 Shrinking workforce in Japan
Potential damage to corporate reputation due to compliance issues
     CULTIVATION AND PROCUREMENT
MANUFACTURING
QUALITY MANAGEMENT
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, SALES, AND MARKETING
OVERALL CORPORATE ACTIVITIES
Improvement and dissemination of crude drug cultivation techniques
Increased opportunities to cultivate crude drugs in collaboration with production sites seeking to energize the community
Development of crude drug cultivation and selective breeding techniques
   Improvement of productivity and automation driven by advancement of industry technologies
   Development of more advanced analytical technologies
   Increased need and expectations for Kampo medicine
Rise in number of senior citizen patients with geriatric health issues
Social issues related to polypharmacy*
Higher number of Kampo formulations listed in treatment guidelines
Accumulation of new scientific evidence
   Women’s participation in the workforce
Raising compliance awareness in the workplace
  * The act of using medicine to a greater degree than necessary or the appearance of adverse drug effects or other negative phenomena as a consequence of overuse.
12 TSUMURA & CO.
 
    MEASURES FOR RESPONDING SOCIAL VALUE CREATED RELEVANT UNITED NATIONS
TO OPPORTUNITIES AND RISKS BY TSUMURA SUSTAINABILITY DEVELOPMENT GOALS
               Ongoing expansion of Cultivated Land under Own Management (➝ page 21)
Increased production of crude drugs in Japan (➝ page 22)
Research on the cultivation of
crude drugs grown in the wild (➝ page 23)
Invigoration of primary industry sectors and development of sextiary industry sectors* through the expansion of Cultivated Land under Own Management
Invigoration of local communities through Cultivated Land under Own Management in Japan
Creation of local employment opportunities, transference of cultivation techniques, and devel- opment of infrastructure in China and Laos
Improvement of efficiency and preservation of biodiversity through development of crude drug cultivation techniques
       Energy conservation through introduction of new manufacturing systems and technologies (➝ page 25)
Reduction of labor requirements through introduction of robots in factories (➝ page 25)
         Combination of Kampo medicine and Western medicine through the following:
• Enhancement of evidence collections (➝ page 31)
• Kampo medicine seminars and promotion activities targeting medical practitioners (➝ page 32)
• Kampo medicine education support for medical school students (➝ page 32)
Reinforcement of geriatric health initiatives after defining as important domain (➝ pages 15 and 29)
Challenge of new businesses in China (➝ pages 16–19)
Sale of Kampo medicines at appropriate prices
Improvement of energy efficiency
Preservation of water resources and reduction of CO2 emissions through promotion of recycling
Improvement of labor productivity
  Enhancement of traceability (➝ page 28)
Contribution to health through the provision of high-quality Kampo formulations
Prevention of water pollution through reduced use of chemical substances
  Expansion of treatment options and
improvement of treatment effectiveness through the combination of Kampo medicine and Western medicine
Reduction of healthcare spending
through the use of Kampo medicines with multiple effects
Contributions to the health of people in China
      Facilitation of contributions of diverse human resources (➝ pages 34–37)
Promotion of compliance (➝ page 46)
Contributions by diverse human resources
   * Sectors that are characterized by business models in which primary industry sectors, such as agriculture and fishing, also take part in food processing and wholesale.
Integrated Report 2018 13
 
 Medium-Term Management Plan
In fiscal 2017, Tsumura launched its six-year medium-term management plan. Formulated based on
the Company’s Vision for 2021 long-term business vision, “Aim to be a value-creation company that contributes to people’s health through its Kampo business,” this plan is centered on the three elements of this vision: (1) The “Kampo” Company, (2) The “People” Company, and (3) The “Global Niche” Company.
The theme of the medium-term management plan is “creating new value through innovations in Kampo,” and the plan identifies three strategic challenges: expansion and stable growth in the Kampo medicines market, continued reinforcement of profitability and maximization of cash flows, and challenge of new businesses in China.
 Long-Term Business Vision :
Aim to be a value-creation company that contributes to people’s health through its Kampo business
  The “Kampo” Company
The “People” Company The “Global Niche” Company
HOP
First medium-term management plan
2013 2016
We will contribute to creating a healthcare environment where all patients can receive treatment that includes Kampo medicine when appropriate in any healthcare institution or medical department in Japan.
Kampo medicine is a pioneering field with no precedent to build on worldwide. Therefore, we shall evolve into a corporate group comprising people with professional skills who can independently pave the way forward for our Kampo business and who are trusted by all.
Leveraging the technology and know-how of the Tsumura Group to their full extent, we will take on the challenge of developing and launching TU-100 (Daikenchuto) in the U.S. phar- maceutical market as well as creating new businesses in China.
     STEP
Second medium-term management plan
2017 2019
JUMP
Third medium-term management plan
2020 2022
Vision for 2021
    Strengthening growth foundations to achieve greater value creation
  Seeking to accomplish its long-term business vision, Tsumura will continue its efforts to expand the Kampo market in pursuit of ongoing sales growth.
while responding to market changes in order to reinforce the Kampo value chain and thereby achieve further growth.
A downward trend in profit margins emerged during the Seven-Year Performance Trends period of first medium-term management plan as rising costs ¥ million
weighed heavier on profits due to higher raw material crude
drug prices and low selling prices stemming from NHI drug price
revisions. Regardless, year-on-year increases in net sales,
operating profit, ordinary profit, and profit attributable to owners
of parent were achieved in fiscal 2018. This accomplishment 70,000 indicates that the prior declines in profit margins have come to
an end, leading to an improvement in profit margins in fiscal
2018 resulting from lower crude drug-related costs as well as
reduced processing expenses due to higher productivity. 0
%
30
14.5 15 8.3
17,050
18 0
Current medium-term management plan
 140,000
 117,879
          Moving forward, Tsumura will continue to advance the measures put forth by the medium-term management plan
Operating profit
14 TSUMURA & CO.
Creating new value through innovations in Kampo
12
13
14
14
16
17
Net sales
Operating profit margin (right scale)
ROE (right scale)
 
 STRATEGIC CHALLENGE 1
Expansion and Stable Growth in the Kampo Medicines Market
Japan is recently faced with a declining population stemming from population aging and a falling birth rate. Nonetheless, we see significant potential for the growth of the Kampo product market. In Japan’s rapidly aging society,* the rise in diseases that become more common with age, such as dementia and cancer, is becoming an even more pressing social issue. At the same time, women are increasingly filling the gaps in the shrinking workforce, creating additional demand for the treatment of illnesses that are unique to women. Kampo has always demonstrated high effectiveness in relation to senior health, contribution to cancer treatments by alleviating the side effects of anticancer drugs and providing supportive care, and sex differences in medicine. In light of these strengths, Tsumura has identified the three important domains of geriatric health; cancer, supportive care in particular; and women’s health. Meanwhile, the establishment of scientific evidence on the efficacy of Kampo products is serving to increase understanding of and interest in Kampo formulations among medical practitioners. We are therefore committed to growing the Kampo product market, and consequently our business, by accelerating efforts to establish scientific evidence and engaging in accurate marketing activities.
* According to the digest version of the fiscal 2017 edition of Annual Report on the Aging Society released by the Cabinet Office, 27.3% of Japan’s population was over the age of 65 in October 2016, the highest level in the world.
STRATEGIC CHALLENGE 2
Continued Reinforcement of Profitability and Maximization of Cash Flows
Tsumura procures roughly 80% of the raw material crude drugs it uses to produce Kampo formulations from China. In this country, there is robust demand for traditional Chinese medicines, which are made from the same types of crude drugs used in Kampo formulations. As a result, the costs of crude drugs are rising continuously. Tsumura will also be forced to face declines in the selling prices of its Kampo products due to NHI drug price revisions in the future.
Accordingly, an important challenge needing to be overcome to achieve growth in the medium term will be reducing costs and improving profitability to an extent that offsets or exceeds the impacts of rising crude drug costs and falling selling prices. Tsumura is working to surmount this challenge by securing and increasing sources of stable supplies of crude drugs through the ongoing expansion of Cultivated Land under Own Management. In addition, we are boosting the fundamental production capacity of existing facilities, continuously introducing and broadening the scope of application of new production technologies to increase productivity, optimizing supply chains, heightening labor productivity, and implementing other measures.
STRATEGIC CHALLENGE 3
Challenge of New Businesses in China
Tsumura has fostered a strong relationship with China through its years of operation, and we have long received requests to provide high-quality crude drugs produced based on Tsumura’s guidelines for use in the Chinese market. These requests prompted us to include the challenge of new businesses in China as one of the strategic challenges of the current medium-term management plan. By tackling this challenge, we hope to expand the Kampo product market and secure a stable supply of crude drugs and, more important, to contribute to the health of people in China, the country that has supplied us with crude drugs for so many years.
Concrete initiatives are already underway in China, with our commencing of both a crude drug pieces for decoction business and a traditional Chinese medicine compound granule business in fiscal 2017 and our embarking on a capital and business alliance with Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd., the holding company for a major Chinese insurance group, in fiscal 2018. We aim to grow the scale of these operations to produce net sales of a similar level as that currently seen in our domestic opera- tions over the next decade.
      Integrated Report 2018 15
 
 Businesses in China
One of the strategic challenges described in Tsumura’s medium-term management plan is the challenge of new businesses in China. To this end, we commenced a business for selling crude drug pieces for decoction*1 to the Chinese market in fiscal 2017, and we have been advancing research and develop- ment on the production of traditional Chinese medicine compound granules.*2
Moreover, we formed a capital and business alliance with Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd., the holding company for a major Chinese insurance group, in September 2017 with the aim of furthering the expansion of our businesses in China. This alliance led to the establishment of joint-venture company Ping An Tsumura Inc. in June 2018.
With the goal of cultivating the No. 1 traditional Chinese medicine*3 brand in the Chinese market, Ping An Tsumura will reinforce its crude drug procurement systems while developing a business related to analysis and research focused on traditional Chinese medicines along with businesses related to traditional Chinese medicines, health foods, and healthcare-related daily necessities. We look forward to contributing to the health of the people of China by leveraging the strengths of both parties in this alliance and heightening our corporate value as the “Global Niche” Company.
*1 Crude drug pieces for decoction are raw material crude drugs that have been chopped.
*2 Traditional Chinese medicine compound granules are granules used in preparing traditional Chinese medicines in a similar manner to crude drug pieces for decoction. These products
are made by extracting a single crude drug from crude drug pieces for decoction and then submitting them to the separation, condensation, drying, mixing, and granulation processes. *3 Traditional Chinese medicine is a medicinal formulation that is used as part of traditional Chinese medical practices.
Scale of Traditional Chinese Medicine Market in China (2016)
RMB 874.9billion* (Approx. ¥14,870.0 billion)
* Translated at prevailing rate in February 2017 of RMB1 = ¥17
Projected Sales of the Tsumura Group in China in Fiscal 2028
RMB 10.0billion* (Approx. ¥170.0 billion)
* Translated at prevailing rate in February 2017 of RMB1 = ¥17
(The figures above represent the Company’s assumptions based on information available at the time of publication of this report and therefore contain a certain degree of risk and uncertainty.)
 Business Categories
Traditional Chinese Medical Products
Crude Drugs
Traditional Chinese Medicine Compound Granules
    Traditional Chinese medical products
Traditional Chinese medicine compound granules
Source: CFDA Southern Medicine Economic Research Institute, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
Analysis
Analysis
Establishment of analysis
institutions for developing standards for high levels of quality in traditional Chinese medicines
➝ Create foundations for branding in each business through analysis operations
Crude drugs
Details of Operations in Each Business Category
        Traditional Chinese Medical Products*4, etc. (Over-the-counter drug, health foods, healthcare)
Development, manufacture, and sale of traditional Chinese medical products and other products by applying formula- tion and product development technologies accumulated through Kampo and crude drug businesses
Crude Drugs
(Raw material crude drugs, crude drug pieces for decoction)
Procurement, processing, and sale of raw material crude drugs and crude drug pieces for decoction
➝ Target development of new businesses that create markets by supplying high-quality crude drugs based on stringent standards
Traditional Chinese Medicine Compound Granules
Participation in focus market of traditional Chinese medicine with system integrating everything from research and development to manufacturing and sales
*4 Traditional Chinese medical products are traditional Chinese medicines that have been produced through industrial processes.
16 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 Overview of Businesses in China
 Second medium-term management plan
Third medium-term management plan
Tsumura
 100%
Tsumura China Inc. (Established Dec. 2016)
Ownership
            70% TSUMURA SHENGSHI
PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD. (Tianjin) (Established Mar. 2018)
• Manufacture and sale of Kampo powdered extracts
• Manufacture and sale of traditional Chinese medical products
49% SPH TSUMURA
PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD. (Shanghai) (Established May 2016)
• R&D, manufacture, and sale of traditional Chinese medicine compound granules
56% Ping An Tsumura Inc.
(Shenzhen) (Established Jun. 2018)
• Reinforcement of crude drug procurement systems
• Analysis and research centered on traditional Chinese medicines
• Development of busi- nesses related to traditional Chinese medicines, health foods, and healthcare- related daily necessities
63%* SHANGHAI TSUMURA
PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD. (Shanghai) (Established Jan. 2001)
• Manufacture and sale of Kampo powdered extracts
•
Ownership
100%* SHENZHEN TSUMURA
MEDICINE CO., LTD. (Shenzhen) (Established Mar. 1991)
Procurement, selection and processing, and storage of raw material crude drugs and crude drug pieces for decoction
         * Currently, TSUMURA & CO. invests directly in SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD., and SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO., LTD. In the future, however, the Company will transition to indirect investment through Tsumura China Inc.
Business Timetable for New Joint Ventures Established in Fiscal 2017 and Later
    2019 2020
Kampo powdered extracts
Start of investment
Traditional Chinese medical products
Start of investment
2022 2023
2027 2028 (FY)
             TSUMURA SHENGSHI PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD. (Tianjin)
SPH TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD. (Shanghai)
Traditional Chinese medicine compound granules
Start of investment
Analysis
Start of inv
                   estment Start of analys
Traditional Chinese medicines, h
  Ping An Tsumura Inc. (Shenzhen)
   Start of investment
Partial start of manufacturing and sale
Traditional Chinese medical products
es
ealth foods
Manufacturing and sale
 Manufacturing and sale
 Manufacturing and sale
, healthcare-related daily necessities, etc.
      Start of investment
Manufacturing and sa
le
     Integrated Report 2018 17
 
 Businesses in China
Message from Heads of Businesses in China
  Managing Executive Officer Chief Representative in China In charge of China Coordination Department
In charge of Botanical
Raw Materials Division
Koin Toda
Director Managing Executive Officer Head of Corporate Planning Department
Susumu Adachi
Capital and Business Alliance Made Possible by Shared Ideals and Trustworthy Quality
Throughout its history, Tsumura has predominantly supplied its products to the Japanese market. For us, the challenge of new businesses in China described in the medium-term management plan was exactly that, a challenge. One reason for this challenge was the high bar for entry into the Chinese market. There were already many local Chinese companies competing in the traditional Chinese medicine market. We were therefore made keenly aware of the fact that it would be vital for us to form partnerships with prominent Chinese companies if we were to develop our businesses in China with greater impact and speed.
It was when we were pondering this situation that Ping An reached out to us. With the goal of strengthening its own healthcare operations, Ping An sought to partner with Tsumura. This decision on the part of Ping An was made out of recognition of the fact that we manufactured Kampo products, which are made using the same crude drugs as traditional Chinese medicines, and that we possessed sophisticated quality management and manufacturing technologies. This led to our forming a capital and business alliance. We were attracted by the brand image and financial base that Ping An had fostered in the Chinese market. However, perhaps an even greater factor behind our decision to form this alliance was that we both shared the same ideals, by which I mean a desire to contribute to people’s health through businesses in the medical field. Another factor was that we were able to reach an agreement that Tsumura would handle everything on the manufacturing side of operations. This agreement was based on an understanding of the importance of the safety and uniformity of crude drugs to support Tsumura’s competitiveness and of the costs and labor needed to realize these qualities.
Moreover, Ping An founder Ma Mingzhe is a big fan of Tsumura’s Kampo products, apparently purchasing our products every time he comes to Japan. Chairman and CEO Mingzhe has praised Tsumura as a “craftsman’s company,” due to our ability to continue producing and selling high-quality Kampo products over the course of 125 years. He was passionate about bringing Tsumura’s quality products to the Chinese market and also stated that our corporate value should be more highly rated.
18 TSUMURA & CO.
  
  Outlook for Business Merging the Strengths of Both Companies
Ping An Tsumura, the joint venture created through this alliance, will initially develop its operations centered on crude drugs, but we are eying traditional Chinese medical products for the future. This company was established through 44% investment by Ping An and 56% investment by
Tsumura, and a majority of the officers dispatched to this company come from Tsumura. Through this arrangement, Tsumura will guide the overall course of business while Ping An’s strengths, specifically, its wealth of insight and robust network in the Chinese market, will be utilized in distribution and sales. We have particularly high expectations for Ping An’s superior sales channels, which include Ping An Good Doctor,* China’s largest Internet healthcare man- agement platform. Another massive strength of Ping An is its breadth of information and extraordinary analytical capabilities, which can be used to determine the types of products that are in demand among specific customer groups and the best channel for supplying these products to these customer groups.
Meanwhile, the Tsumura Group’s exceptional local employees will no doubt be a powerful asset for ensuring the success of this undertaking. SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE and SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS have engaged in the procurement of raw mate- rial crude drugs and the manufacture of powdered extracts, an intermediate form of Kampo products, in China for many years. These companies have been promoting locally hired employees to management positions, and these managers are propelling us forward in our businesses in China. These individuals have a deep understanding of the idea of “manage- ment that is rooted in basic principles” preached by Tsumura and embody the commitment to quality and the product creation spirit of the Company. We plan to fully capitalize on the talents of these individuals in order to develop our businesses in China into a powerful growth driver for the entire Tsumura Group.
* Ping An Good Doctor is a website comprising a network of 1,000 online physicians employed by Ping An and over 60,000 partner physicians and 5,000 partner hospitals. With more than 150 million registered users, this website is used to process upward of 250,000 symptom reports a day.
The Tsumura Group’s Long-Term Vision for Its Businesses in China
The Tsumura Group has built a strong relationship with China over the course of 40 years. We hope to maintain this relationship into the future as we pursue further growth while making wide-reaching contributions to the health of the people of China.
Since fiscal 2017, we have established three subsidiaries in China—Tsumura China, TSUMURA SHENGSHI PHARMACEUTICALS, and Ping An Tsumura—while also founding SPH TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS. We are now driven by our commitment to ensuring the suc- cess of our new businesses in China through a Groupwide effort calling on the technologies, expertise, and human resources we have cultivated in our Kampo and crude drug businesses to date and fully utilizing the assets of our local partners. Our ultimate goal in these businesses is to become a group that is viewed as necessary by the people of China by supplying this country’s market with high-quality traditional Chinese medicines.
Moreover, we expect that the interaction between our Japanese and Chinese employees will prove mutually stimulating and spur their ongoing development as we similarly seek to rapidly grow the Group through synergies.
Integrated Report 2018 19
  
 Our Progress
Cultivation and Procurement of Raw Material Crude Drugs
 The ability to secure supplies of quality raw material crude drugs is imperative to the manufacture of Kampo products.
Tsumura sources roughly 80% of the raw material crude drugs used in its Kampo products from China, approximately 15% from Japan, and around 5% from Laos, among other countries. We have developed and are enacting a medium-to- long-term, plan designed to guarantee our ability to stably procure crude drugs of the required quality. Based on long- term, Kampo product demand projections, this plan targets the expansion of crude drug production sites in Japan and overseas and the augmentation of our capabilities in relation to preparation and processing, selection and processing,*
and quality management. The recent rise in crude drug prices is having a heavy impact on the Company’s earnings. For this reason, controlling procurement costs is a matter of urgency. Measures for addressing this task are centered on the expan- sion of Cultivated Land under Own Management.
At the same time, Tsumura recognizes that it is dependent on naturally derived crude drugs. We are therefore committed to preserving the natural environment through efforts to protect the biodiversity of crude drug producing areas while also protecting and nurturing crude drugs that are grown in the wild.
* Selection and processing is the process of removing foreign particles and conducting final inspections of crude drugs after preparation and processing.
         20 TSUMURA & CO.
Measures for Addressing Strategic Challenges Described in the Medium-Term Management Plan
• Expanding the area of Cultivated Land under Own Management
• Enhancing and streamlining procurement systems based on competition principles • Controlling crude drug inventory
Social Value Created by Tsumura
• Invigoration of primary industry sectors and development of sextiary industry sectors through the expansion of Cultivated Land under Own Management
• Invigoration of local communities through Cultivated Land under Own Management in Japan
• Creation of local employment opportunities, transference of cultivation techniques, and development
of infrastructure in China and Laos
• Improvement of efficiency and preservation of biodiversity through development of
crude drug cultivation techniques
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
 
 Reliable Crude Drug Procurement
Based on Contracts
Tsumura procures 119 varieties of raw material crude drugs for use in manufacturing its 129 prescription Kampo products.
These raw materials are not purchased from the crude drug market. Rather, we adopt a procurement approach of concluding contracts with crude drug production associations and production companies to continuously strengthen our procurement network, which stretches throughout China, Japan, and Laos. In addition to deciding upon procurement volumes and prices in advance, these contracts enable us to assure quality by requiring crude drug production processes to adhere to production standards documents that stipulate the permis- sible cultivation methods and agricultural chemicals, among other factors, based on the TSUMURA Good Agricultural and Collection Practice (GACP, see page 28) for crude drugs.
Expansion of Cultivated Land
under Own Management
Cultivated Land under Own Management refers to land with regard to which Tsumura provides cultivation guidance and has an understanding of cultivation costs based on which it can set crude procurement prices. Expanding the area of such land is a measure of crucial importance in ensuring reliable crude drug procurement and controlling procurement costs. Meanwhile, the contracts we form with regard to Cultivated Land under Own Management provide the benefit of stable income to farmers and production associations.
Crude Drug Prices
The prices of crude drugs went through a decline after the price of ginseng, which is relatively expensive and frequently used, peaked in fiscal 2014, but these prices took an upturn in fiscal 2018. The overall price of all the crude drugs purchased in China with local currency in fiscal 2018 was slightly lower than initially anticipated, due in part to the favorable outcomes of negotiations with producers. However, we cannot expect a significant decrease in the price of crude drugs over the medium-to-long term given the robust demand for traditional Chinese medicines, which are made from the same crude drugs as Kampo products. Accordingly, we will continue efforts to stabilize crude drug prices by expanding Cultivated Land under Own Management, building upon our ability to negotiate prices, and selecting procurement locations offering more beneficial purchasing prices.
Amount of Crude Drugs Used and Kampo Extract Granules Produced
Ton
14,000
7,000
0
12,371 10,275
13 14 15 16 17 18
          Amount of crude drugs used
Kampo extract granules produced
Overall Procurement Price of Crude Drugs Produced in China
Representation of weighted average of actual prices from producing regions to affiliated companies when fiscal 2007 price is indexed to 100
300
200
100
0
From fiscal 2017, figures are calculated based on use volumes as opposed to volumes arranged for procurement.
 241
234 230 217
188
202
 156 100 117 110 110
190
  07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
Integrated Report 2018 21
 
 Our Progress
Initiatives for Expanding Domestic
Crude Drug Production
Currently, approximately 15% of the raw material crude
drugs procured by Tsumura are produced in Japan. We are moving forward with initiatives for expanding the amount of crude drugs produced in regions in Japan in order to address the growing demand for Kampo medicines and mitigate risks arising from the geographic concentration of production.
One major region of Japan in which we produce crude drugs is Hokkaido, where we cultivate around 600 tons of Cnidii Rhizoma, Perillae Herba, Angelicae Radix, Aconiti Tuber, and other crude drugs per annum. In the future, we are planning to enlarge our cultivation areas throughout Hokkaido to 1,000 hectares to expand production volumes to around 2,000 tons a year.
On Honshu, Japan’s main island, we are concentrating our production activities and establishing consolidated processing factories.
Furthermore, Tsumura formed a capital and business alliance with MYFARM Inc., a company that possesses a network with producers in Japan as well as cultivation technologies and know-how pertaining to produce such as vegetables, in April 2018. We will seek to forge a strong, long-term, strategic partnership with this company in order to expand raw drug cultivation in Japan going forward.
    COLUMN Initiatives with Temiru Farm
Temiru Farm, which is located in Ishikari City, Hokkaido
Prefecture, is an agriculture company established in 2010
primarily by the social welfare corporation Harunire no Sato.
This company seeks to expand general employment opportunities
for differently abled individuals. In April 2010, Group company
YUBARI TSUMURA CO., LTD., began contracting Temiru Farm
to cultivate crude drugs, and today this company is producing
Perillae Herba for the Tsumura Group. In addition, we com-
menced joint research with Temiru Farm on indoor cultivation of
Hoelen in 2010. In China, Hoelen is cultivated over the period of
a year using Japanese red pine trees. Indoor cultivation of this
crude drug is anticipated to reduce the amount of work required
for cultivation while also realizing stable levels of quality that are
not influenced by weather. Moreover, as cultivation of Poria sclerotium requires work to be conducted year-round, this undertaking will contribute to ongoing employment. In the future, we plan to engage in other such new business ventures through collaboration with Temiru Farm and Ishikari City.
 Perillae Herba
   22 TSUMURA & CO.
 
     COLUMN Preservation of Biodiversity
Tsumura’s business is based on the manufacture and sale of Kampo products, which are made from naturally derived crude drugs. For this reason, we see the development of cyclical processes for achieving harmony with nature and the preservation of biodiversity as important responsibilities.
Guided by the Tsumura Environmental Policy, which states that we are to “conduct appropriate procurement of raw material crude drugs with regard to biological diversity, in order to enjoy nature’s bounty in the future years,” we are engaged in various activities, including preserving the biodiversity of crude drug producing areas and cultivating and protecting the wild-grown crude drugs that function as raw materials for Kampo medicines to ensure a sustainable supply into the future.
Biodiversity of Crude Drug Producing Areas
It is said that modern agriculture places an excessive
burden on the environment through its reliance on agricultural chemicals. For this reason, we practice caution in our use of such chemicals in the cultivation of crude drugs. For example, we instruct production associations and companies on the appropriate types and use amounts of agricultural chemicals. As another part of our eco-friendly management practices, we have stipulated rules on the method of use of these chemicals, such as preventing the scattering of chemicals so as to avoid adverse effects on living organisms in the areas surrounding cultivation sites.
Protection of Genetic Resources
As the step prior to cultivation, we have proceeded to investigate the natural habitats in which crude drugs are grown and identify their species. We have also long been engaged in the genetic analysis of the medicinal plants that are funda- mental to Kampo medicines. Wild plants consist of groups with individual variations in diverse characteristics, such as external form, component substances, and resistance to diseases and pests. Such individual variations reflect diversity at the genetic level. It is therefore important to preserve genetic diversity for the sustainable use of wild plants.
Research on the Cultivation of Crude Drugs
Grown in the Wild
Research on the cultivation of crude drugs grown in the wild is important for the steady production of the raw material crude drugs needed to maintain a stable supply of Kampo medicines.
Growth, crop yield, and quality are known to be affected by such environmental factors as climate, soil, years of cultiva- tion, and timing of harvest, as well as by genetic factors and post-harvest drying and processing conditions. Because cultivating wild-grown crude drugs means changing these
conditions, we are conducting research on crude drugs with a focus on both cultivation and quality.
Crude drugs that do not conform to Japanese Pharmacopoeia and the Japanese Standards for Non-pharmaceutical Crude Drugs cannot be used as raw materials for the production of Kampo medicines. For this reason, we have been conducting research on morphological characteristics and genetic testing techniques and, based on this research, we are proceeding with our own cultivation research using medicinal plants of the correct origin.
Increasing productivity is another important goal of cultiva- tion research. We are therefore examining the introduction of large-scale cultivation techniques that employ machinery and researching means of enhancing said techniques. It is also vital to achieve uniform levels of germination and growth by refining selective breeding and seed production techniques. For efficient weeding and prevention of diseases and pests, keeping the use of agrichemicals to a minimum is necessary. Accordingly, we are conducting research on the selection of optimal agrichemicals from the perspectives of chemical hazards, effectiveness, residue amounts, and other factors. Based on the outcomes of these research projects, we have been registering agrichemicals in accordance with the Agricultural Chemicals Control Act through collaboration with relevant research organizations in Japan.
Ginseng Radix
    Integrated Report 2018 23
 
 Our Progress
      Manufacturing and Distribution
   Tsumura’s business model, which specializes in the manufacture and sale of prescription Kampo products, is not found anywhere else in the world. With this distinctive business model, we have accumulated internal expertise pertaining to manufacturing technologies while constructing highly unique production equipment. Presently, Tsumura is engaged in ongoing reforms to its production systems and the continuous development of human resources to staff production floors. Based on medium-to-long-term demand projections, these efforts are aimed at reinforcing the Company’s frameworks for providing stable supplies of its products in response to steady growth in the sales of prescription Kampo products.
Under the current medium-term management plan, we have earmarked approximately ¥55.0 billion to be used in capital investments over the six-year period leading up to fiscal 2022. We also intend to boost our production capabilities and efficiency through awareness reforms at production sites. To date, we have augmented the production capabilities of the existing equipment at our principal Shizuoka Plant, Ibaraki Plant, and Shanghai Plant. The construction of a new manufacturing building is also underway at the Ibaraki Plant. Going forward, we will continue to fully utilize the production capabilities of each factory while simultaneously heightening production capabilities through a policy of systematic and phased capital investments.
        24 TSUMURA & CO.
Measures for Addressing Strategic Challenges Described in the Medium-Term Management Plan
• Improving the production capabilities of existing equipment
• Continuously introducing and expanding use of new technologies for production • Revising capital investment plans and timing
Social Value Created by Tsumura
• Improvement of energy efficiency
• Preservation of water resources and reduction of CO2 emissions through promotion of recycling • Improvement of labor productivity
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
 
 Kampo Product Manufacturing Process
    Automated crude drug warehouse
Sorting and processing and storage
Cutting machine
Boxed crude drugs
Chopped crude drugs
Cutting
Spray dryer
Separation Concentration powder
Extract powder
Mixer
Extraction tank
Weighing device
Lactose
   Mixing
Weighing and mixing
Extract
Tablet press Roll crusher Classification Extract granules
Granulation
Hopper
Packaging and Labeling
  To intermediate product automated warehouse
To intermediate product automated warehouse
 Improvement in Labor Productivity
Robots and other new technologies are being introduced at production sites in an ongoing effort to reduce labor requirements. In addition, we are calculating the per-hour profitability of each subdivision with the aim of heightening cost awareness among all frontline employees.
Under the current medium-term management plan, Tsumura is targeting a 30% improvement in labor productivity in comparison with fiscal 2016’s level by fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2018, labor productivity was 8% higher than in fiscal 2016, representing progress in line with plans.
%
200
100
0
130
Extraction, separation, and concentration
Drying
Extract powder
Tabletting, crushing, and classification
Tablets Granules
Improvement in Labor Productivity from Fiscal 2016
  100 105
108
    16 17 18 22
(Target)
   COLUMN Energy Conservation and
Global Warming Countermeasures
 Tsumura is implementing global warming countermeasures focused on the basic principle of energy conservation. These countermeasures include introducing highly efficient equipment and revising operating procedures.
Production divisions endeavor to reduce energy consumption by revising operation control procedures through the use of energy management systems and upgrading to highly efficient equipment. In Kampo extract manufacturing processes, we work to reduce the use of electricity and steam by adjusting the temperature of the water used in processes and introducing a vapor compression system to efficiently collect steam produced from concentrated liquid in concentrating devices. Meanwhile, offices and distribution divisions are making efforts to save energy used for air-conditioning and lighting in addition to replacing all fleet vehicles with hybrid vehicles and utilizing fuel-efficient tires on trucks used for long-distance driving.
   Integrated Report 2018 25
  ~

 Our Progress
Capital Investment
Under the medium-term management plan, Tsumura will seek to establish a production system capable of responding to projected growth in demand. As one facet of this effort, we commenced operations of the new granulation and packaging facilities at the Shizuoka Plant in September 2016. Constructed through an investment of approximately ¥13.0 billion, these facilities use state-of-the-art robots for conveyance within the plant and for production lines. Going forward, we will system- atically increase the number of production lines.
Optimization of the Group’s Supply Chain
Kampo products are produced through many processes beginning with the procurement of crude drugs through cultivation or other means. Accordingly, we monitor pro- cesses across the entire supply chain of the Kampo and crude drug businesses, including individual processes and the stages between those processes within the Group as well as crude drug procurement sites outside of the Tsumura Group and product sales, and work process reforms are implemented based on this monitoring.
For further improvement, we will continue to execute man- agement incorporating the concept of supply chain
Capital Investment
¥ million
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
11,900
14 15 16 17 18
         SCM Reform Overview
Sharing of goals / budgets
SCM Reform
Effectiveness / optimization of all processes
Sharing of detailed &
management (SCM),* a reform method for realizing further efficiency and optimization. Through SCM reforms, we will improve efficiency and achieve optimization throughout all processes and pursue automation and increased coordina- tion in plan formulation.
* Tsumura aims to build an SCM system to automate and speed up processes by coordinating sales plans, production plans; raw material crude drug cultivation, allocation, procurement, processing, and transporting; and inventory plans based on demand forecasts.
          Management Demand Manufacturing Procurement Inventory Cost plan forecasts and sales management accounting
Capital Investment
       plans / achievements
Automation / enhancement of cooperation in planning
      Implementation Manufacturing Processing of Transfer of plan crude drugs crude drugs
• Identify future risks at an early stage through prompt planning and shortening of the rolling cycle
• Optimize the entire supply chain by strengthening coordination between management and work sites and among divisions and bases
26 TSUMURA & CO.
Allocation of crude drugs
 
  Quality Management
With its mission of “To contribute to the unparalleled medical therapeutic power of the combination of Kampo medicine and Western medicine,” product quality management is of utmost importance to Tsumura. In order to manufacture and sell Kampo products with consistent quality, Tsumura has developed a proprietary integrated system to control the entire process of producing Kampo products. This includes everything from the procurement of raw material crude drugs and the establishment of manufacturing methods and suit- able manufacturing equipment for producing Kampo extracts to the management of manufacturing, implementation of quality control, and release onto the market. By implementing a rigorous quality management system, we ensure the quality of finished Kampo products.
Quality Policy
Acting in accordance with Tsumura’s quality policy, we have established the Tsumura Quality Management System to further improve the quality assurance system, and we promote initiatives that prioritize quality. The Tsumura Quality Management System is a comprehensive system encom- passing the entire Tsumura Group, and this system has clari- fied the role of management in controlling quality. Also, the system is formulated to facilitate appropriate responses to revisions of laws and regulations and globalization (including PIC/S* compliance).
* The Pharmaceutical Inspection Convention and Pharmaceutical Inspection Co-operation Scheme (PIC/S) is a framework for advancing the internationalization of standards such as good manufacturing practices.
  The Tsumura Group has formulated a quality policy consisting of the following principles in line with its aim of becoming a value-creation company that contributes to people’s health through its Kampo business:
• Providing a stable supply of high-quality, reliable products
• Complying with laws and regulations related to pharmaceuticals
• Listening to customer feedback and striving to continuously improve the quality of our products
• Realizing stable procurement of safe crude drugs
• Offering appropriate training to all our executives and employees, and cultivating human resources distin-
guished by a high degree of awareness
• Adequately allocating our management resources to help achieve these principles
Social Value Created by Tsumura
• Contribution to health through the provision of high-quality Kampo formulations • Prevention of water pollution through reduced use of chemical substances
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
  Integrated Report 2018 27
 
 Our Progress
TSUMURA GACP for Crude Drugs
Regulations pertaining to the TSUMURA Good Agricultural and Collection Practice Traceability linking Kampo products to crude drug producing areas have been implemented to further solidify the Company’s crude drug safety and quality assurance system.
The TSUMURA GACP for crude drugs includes adhering to guidelines for these practices, utilizing documents pertaining to crude drug production standards, maintaining a traceability system for crude drugs, conducting training and audits, and bestowing certifications. Tsumura’s traceability system for
crude drugs records and stores data on every stage crude drugs go through in the producing regions and at crude drug processing facilities, including cultivation, processing, logistics, storage, and other processes. This data can be tracked and viewed as necessary. We also track information on the manu- facturing and distribution of finished Kampo formulations. Accordingly, this traceability system allows for information on all processes, from those in the producing regions to those at medical institutions, to be tracked and viewed.
 CRUDE DRUG PRODUCTION INFORMATION
Producer information Cultivation history Agrichemical use history Preparation and processing history Shipping history
CRUDE DRUG QUALITY INFORMATION
Physiochemical tests Residual agrichemicals Microbes, heavy metals, etc.
Laos
Japan
China
          Crude drugs
Crude drug production site
Crude drugs
Crude drugs
       Ishioka Center
SHENZHEN TSUMURA
SHANGHAI TSUMURA
          Crude drugs
Crude drugs
Crude drugs
Shizuoka Plant
Extract powder
 MANUFACTURING QUALITY INFORMATION
Extract quality information Manufacturing history
Crude drug lot information Receiving and shipping history
Route in case of a problem
Distribution route
Quality tests (on receiving and shipping)
Ibaraki Plant
Products
                    28 TSUMURA & CO.
Medical institutions and pharmacies
 
  Research and Development, Sales, and Marketing
WHAT IS KAMPO?
 We aim to contribute to creating a healthcare environment in which all patients can receive treatment that includes Kampo medicine when appropriate in any healthcare institution or medical department in Japan. To this end, Tsumura’s medical representatives (MRs) provide medical practitioners with the latest scientific evidence and other information on its Kampo formulations. In addition to supplying evidence to physicians, MRs plan and hold Kampo medicine seminars for physicians and support education on Kampo medicine at medical schools and universities. MRs thereby work to cultivate understanding with regard to the concept of Kampo medicine itself.
As our basic strategy for expanding the Kampo product market, we have identified three important domains in which to focus our activities: geriatric health, cancer (supportive care), and women’s health. On an ongoing basis, we provide infor- mation in these domains on basic and clinical evidence, treatment guidelines referencing Kampo medicine, and how to use different formulations based on Kampo medicine.
Looking ahead, we will continue efforts to promote under- standing of Kampo medicine and Kampo formulations among medical practitioners while effectively utilizing the latest scien- tific evidence in a bid to expand the Kampo product market.
 Measures for Addressing Strategic Challenges Described in the Medium-Term Management Plan
• Narrowing down important domains and formulations • Increasing demand and sales forecast accuracy
Social Value Created by Tsumura
• Expansion of treatment options and improvement of treatment effectiveness through the combination of Kampo medicine and Western medicine
• Reduction of healthcare spending through the use of Kampo medicines with multiple effects
• Contributions to the health of people in China
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
   Integrated Report 2018 29
 
 Our Progress
Establishment of Scientific Evidence
Since fiscal 2005, Tsumura has been concentrating its resources on the establishment of scientific evidence for its Kampo formulations in its research activities. This policy was deployed to recognize the fact that, if Kampo formulations are to become a trusted treatment option in the Japan of today, it will be necessary for these formulations to be understood through the framework of Western medicine.
As a product of these efforts, theses on such scientific evidence published in domestic and overseas academic journals have been contributing to a noted change in the perception of medical practitioners with regard to Kampo formulations and Kampo medicine as a whole.
Marketing Activities Utilizing Scientific Evidence
Since fiscal 2005, Tsumura has been working on the establishment of scientific evidence on the efficacy and safety of Kampo formulations, namely, the five “drug fostering” program formulations,*1 which have been demonstrating special efficacy for certain diseases in fields where medical treatment needs are high and that are difficult to treat with Western drugs. In addition, we defined five “growing” formu- lations*2 in fiscal 2017. Since then, we have been advancing research with the goal of having these formulations listed in medical treatment guidelines.
Through the ongoing supply of such basic and clinical evidence as well as information on how to use different formu- lations based on Kampo medicine, we have been successful in expanding the Kampo product market. However, the growth of the five “drug fostering” program formulations has started to taper in recent years. Nevertheless, we aim to reignite the growth of these formulations through sales strategies focused on new scientific evidence pertaining to Rikkunshito that was announced in fiscal 2018.
*1 Daikenchuto, Yokukansan, Rikkunshito, Goshajinkigan, and Hangeshashinto *2 Hochuekkito, Shakuyakukanzoto, Bakumondoto, Kamishoyosan, and Goreisan
R&D Expenses / R&D Expenses Margin
¥ million
8,000
4,000
5.1 6,048
%
6
3
        00
 14 15 16 17 18
R&D expenses R&D expenses margin (right scale)
Sales of Prescription Kampo Products (Strategic Formulations)
¥ million
%
120,000   60
49
80,000   40
57,155
40,000   20
30,221
      00
 30 TSUMURA & CO.
14 15 16 17 18
Five “drug fostering” program formulations Five “growing” formulations Other 119 formulations
Ratio of sales of prescription Kampo products accounted for by “drug fostering” program formulations and “growing” formulations (right scale)
 24,898

 Enhancement of Evidence Collections
Tsumura is in the process of enhancing its complete evidence collections for the “drug fostering” program formulations and
the “growing” formulations. These collections encompass clinical evidence-based medicine; action mechanisms; adverse drug reaction frequency surveys; information on absorption,
Establishment of Scientific Evidence
distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) as pertinent to pharmacokinetics and pharmacology; and medical eco- nomic data. At the same time, we are deploying strategies aimed at achieving the listing of these formulations in medical treatment guidelines through the accumulation of evidence.
            Formulation name
Meta- analysis
RCT*1
Action mechanisms
Adverse drug reaction frequency surveys
ADME
Medical economic data
Listing in medical treatment guidelines
Pediatric chronic functional constipation disease, systemic sclerosis, dementing illnesses, chronic constipation
Dementing illnesses, use of psychotropic drugs for BPSD*2 for primary care physicians (2nd edition)
Functional gastrointestinal diseases,
the diagnosis and treatment of psychosomatic diseases, gastroesophageal reflux disease, systemic sclerosis
Overactive bladder syndrome, the pharmacologic management of neuropathic pain, male lower urinary tract illness symptoms, benign prostatic hyperplasia, female lower urinary tract symptoms, diseases in obstetrics and gynecology
—
Female lower urinary tract symptoms
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Cough, overactive bladder syndrome
Diseases in obstetrics and gynecology, the treatment and diagnosis of psychosomatic disorders
Chronic headache, overactive bladder syndrome (As of May 2018)
                   Daikenchuto
TJ-100
1
26
                  Yokukansan
TJ-54
3
14
                  “Drug fostering” program formulations
Rikkunshito
TJ-43
—
19
Ongoing
—
                  Goshajinkigan
TJ-107
—
14
—
—
                  Hangeshashinto
TJ-14
—
6
—
—
—
                   Hochuekkito
TJ-41
—
10
—
—
—
                  Shakuyakukanzoto
TJ-68
—
11
—
                  “Growing” formulations
Bakumondoto
TJ-29
—
5
—
—
—
—
                  Kamishoyosan
TJ-24
—
4
—
—
—
—
                  Goreisan
TJ-17
—
4
—
—
—
          Note: Relevant theses exist for areas marked with an
*1 Randomized Controlled Trial
*2 Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia
Product number
Integrated Report 2018 31
 
 Our Progress
Progress of Development of TU-100 (Daikenchuto) in the United States
We have organized a system to link the technologies and know-how that we have developed through our Kampo and crude drug businesses as well as our latest basic and clinical research data in Japan through our “drug fostering” program with product development in the United States. We are now working toward acquiring product approval and launching TU-100 as a prescription pharmaceutical in the United States.
Until now, we have reported the results of adverse drug reaction frequency surveys in Japan to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in response to its inquiries on the safety of plant products. We have also reached a certain level of agreement with the FDA in regard to the scientific quality evaluation method to be used for plant-based medicines made using multiple crude drugs. Meanwhile, the Phase IIa clinical studies for irritable bowel syndrome, postoperative ileus (POI), and Crohn’s disease were completed prior to the end of fiscal 2018.
Through these efforts, we have found that POI is a disorder
for which significant unmet medical needs* still remain and
that the unique characteristics of the U.S. medical industry
are creating substantial demand for means of shortening
hospitalization periods and avoiding complications. In addi-
tion, TU-100 has indicated significant potential for treating
POI. Accordingly, Tsumura has chosen to narrow the scope of
its efforts to develop TU-100 for the U.S. market in fiscal 2019
and beyond to target POI. We will coordinate with medical
specialists in the United States as well as with our advisory
team comprising statistical analysis specialists in order to
draft strategies and clinical study plans as we move forward.
* Unmet medical needs refer to needs associated with conditions for which no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment.
Information Provision Activities
for Medical Practitioners
Since fiscal 1998, Tsumura has been engaged in activities aimed at making Kampo medicine more widespread. As part of these activities, we have provided the latest scientific evidence to increase trust in Kampo medicines while also holding various seminars for medical practitioners. Examples of these seminars include introductory Kampo medicine seminars and step-up seminars that take a systematic approach toward learning about Kampo medicine as well as training sessions and lectures for specific fields.
In recent years, team-based medical approaches, which entail wide-ranging coordination among dentists, pharmacists, nurses, etc., are becoming increasingly more important. Accordingly, we continue to conduct information provision activities such as our Kampo luncheon seminars for academic associations for team medical staff and our Kampo medicine seminars for medical staff for catering to the rising demand.
    COLUMN Spread of Kampo Medicine in the Education Field
In 1997, only 24 medical colleges and university medical departments in Japan offered courses on Kampo medicine. However, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology included Kampo medicine in the model core curriculum for medical education in 2001, causing education on this subject to spread, which resulted in all medical education institutions in Japan providing Kampo medicine courses in 2004. Today, almost all universities require medical students to take eight Kampo medicine courses in order to graduate. Moreover, the term “Wakan-yaku (Kampo product)” was included in the model core curriculum for dentistry and nursing science education in 2017. Including the existing references in curricula for medical and pharmaceutics studies, the term now appears in four model core curricula. We thus anticipate that, in the future, Kampo medicine education will be promoted.
   32 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 Message from the Head of Sales & Marketing Division
  Executive Officer Head of Sales & Marketing Division
Yukinori Sorata
Flexible Marketing Measures Based on Regional Characteristics
The systems for providing medical services in Japan are undergoing a substantial transformation due to demographic changes and the government drive to construct a Comprehensive Regional Care System. The basic policy of Tsumura’s business strategies is to maintain an understanding of the needs of specific regions and to address these needs with finely tuned measures. For example, the ratio of senior citizens and the level of regional coordination between large hospitals and smaller clinics can vary significantly by region. As such, we must alter our sales measures and the formula- tions on which we focus by region. This was one of the reasons behind the organizational reform instituted in April 2017, which increased the number of regional branches from 12 to 21 and delegated greater authority for sales measures to branch managers. This move has made it easier to imple- ment area strategies tailored to each region and has resulted in greater speed with regard to information dissemination within branches. Moreover, by adopting an approach that is mindful of the circumstances of each hospital, we have witnessed a gradual increase in instances of Tsumura’s products being included in clinical paths.*1 We will continue our proactive advance on this course going forward. One year has passed since the institution of the new organizational structure, and we are seeing increased speed in the execution of strategies and policies by branches. We plan to sustain this momentum as we move forward in fiscal 2019 and beyond.
Expansion of Kampo Medicine Market through Effective Utilization of New Evidence
New scientific evidence pertaining to Kampo medicine emerges on a daily basis. There have even been cases in which the superior efficacy and safety of Tsumura’s Kampo products have been confirmed through multicenter, double- blind, placebo-controlled trials.*2 The establishment of scientific evidence is an effective means of expanding the Kampo product market. At the same time, however, medical practitioners are increasingly expecting even higher-quality evidence. In light of this trend, Tsumura is developing internal MR education programs and strategically prioritizing the institutions MRs should visit to ensure that we are able to make proposals that accurately meet the needs of practitioners at the optimal timing. When new evidence emerges, for example, we may set aside a period of months in which MRs are submitted to extensive education to acquire the necessary specialized knowledge. When positioning the latest evidence as the core of our sales strategies, it is important for us to develop different means of approaching physicians who act as opinion leaders and physicians who treat numerous patients. We therefore exercise flexibility in deciding the specific medical institutions as well as the number of institutions that MRs will visit based on the needs of each institution as well as the relationships between physicians and MRs.
 *1 Clinical paths are standard treatment plans developed by individual hospitals for specific illnesses.
*2 Double-blind, placebo-controlled trials are a type of clinical study in which both patients and doctors are unable to know what treatment method they are administering.
Integrated Report 2018 33
 
 Human Resources
The Kampo business is a pioneering field with no precedent to build upon anywhere in the world.
For this reason, human resources are the most important resource to the ongoing growth of Tsumura.
It is crucial for Tsumura to be able to cultivate professional human resources who can exercise autonomy in blazing new trails.
Accordingly, we have implemented various training programs to cultivate the professional human resources who will support Tsumura’s ongoing growth.
Tsumura is also proactive in its efforts to support the contributions of diverse human resources.
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
Vision for Ideal Human Resources*
The ideal human resources Tsumura envisions are keenly aware of the fact that the growth of the Company is dependent on the growth of individual employees. These employees should be universally trusted; exhibit aspirations, passion, and responsibility; and be able to act with professionalism, independence, and altruism.
* Human resources: The Tsumura Group considers all members of its workforce and management team to be its “treasure,” and writes the Japanese word for “human resources” with the character meaning “treasure,” rather than using the conventional character meaning “material.”
   BEING TRUSTWORTHY
    ALTRUISM
ASPIRATIONS, PASSION
Shared Motto
RESPONSIBILITY
ASPIRATIONS, PASSION
Engaging in one’s own work with strong aspirations and passion
RESPONSIBILITY
Recognizing one’s assigned role with a spirit of commitment to completing their mission
PROFESSIONALISM
Mastering outstanding technology with expert knowledge and performing on the job
INDEPENDENCE
Thinking and acting independently
ALTRUISM
Serving others with a caring spirit
  Cheerful, Honest, and Strong
    34 TSUMURA & CO.
INDEPENDENCE
PROFESSIONALISM
 
 Human Resource Development
With the goal of becoming “the ‘People’ Company,” the Tsumura Group is promoting the development of employees who embody its vision for ideal human resources. To support the growth of our employees, we are providing education programs based on level, role, and career as well as special- ized education at the divisional level to help employees acquire skills and expertise. Groupwide employee education programs are used to bestow the basic knowledge required by all employees. We also offer training programs and
Overall Training Scheme for Fiscal 2019
e-learning programs for managers to help them reaffirm their role in creating suitable work environments and developing their subordinates in addition to their work responsibilities of managing day-to-day tasks and achieving Company goals. Furthermore, to refresh and maintain the skills and knowl- edge acquired in past training programs, we involve supervi- sors in the training process in order to improve their ability to guide and develop their subordinates.
 Category
Job grade
On-the-job training (OJT)
Groupwide employee education
Rank-based education
Role-based education
Off-the-job training
Career-based education
Promotion of women’s contributions
Support for voluntary learning
Group company education
Specialty education
  Rank-based education
 Responsible organization
  Employees of corresponding job grade (Especially managers)
  Personnel Department
 Divisions / departments
  K3
   Training for employees promoted to K3
K3 follow-up training
  Division manager education
       K2 P2
   New evaluator
         K1 P1
    Training for employees promoted to K1
K1 follow-up training
Training for employees promoted to P1
  training
New section manager training
         S·E5
Coor- dination
        S·E4
 Training for employees promoted to SE4
S·E3
            S·E2 S·E1
         3rd year follow-up training
2nd year follow-up training
1st year follow-up training
General training for new employees
                                         Continuous Cultivation of Management Personnel
The Tsumura Academy, an educational institution for educating directors, executive officers, and other management personnel, is scheduled to be established in fiscal 2019 to codify our programs for cultivating management personnel capable of exercising Tsumura’s corporate philosophy. This move will be one facet of our efforts to strengthen our organization and improve motivation so that we can continue to be a team of people who are universally trusted and capable of exercising autonomy in blazing new trails in the Kampo business, which has no precedent to build upon anywhere in the world. We
thereby aim to become “the ‘People’ Company,” one of the elements of Tsumura’s Vision for 2021 long-term business vision. By further expanding our education programs, we will endeavor to quickly develop a platform for continuously cultivating candidates for future management positions.
Education for Group Companies
The Tsumura Group aims to be an organization in which all employees are united under a shared philosophy, passionate toward accomplishing their mission, and committed to working together as teams to realize greater accomplishments. We
Integrated Report 2018 35
 Compulsory education for managers and specialists (e-learning)
Specialized education for divisions and departments
Education programs at Group companies in Japan and overseas
e-learning and textbook-, video-, and DVD-based learning
Seminars for supervisors, support for voluntary learning, training for female leaders, and networking events for female employees
In-house internship and other career-related education Revitalization seminar
Life planning seminar
Career design seminar III
Career design seminar II
Career design seminar I
Compliance, Tsumura code, education on medication, insider and other information management
OJT

 Human Resources
are actively educating employees across the Group with this goal in mind. Since fiscal 2015, we have been moving forward with an effort to codify training programs, particularly those for managers and mid-level employees, and enhance education systems. This effort is being advanced while coordinating with educators at domestic Group companies. In fiscal 2018, we instituted leader training sessions and manager training sessions for local and other management staff at overseas Group company LAO TSUMURA CO., LTD. We will continue
Training at Group company
Specialized Training for MRs
Role of Tsumura’s Medical Representatives
In addition to the traditional roles of providing, collecting, and transmitting information pertaining to a company’s pharma- ceutical products, Tsumura’s medical representatives (MRs) are unique due to their responsibility to promote the spread of Kampo medicine itself. These MRs plan and hold Kampo medicine seminars for physicians, support education on Kampo medicine for medical school students and physicians- in-training, and fulfill a wide range of other roles. Tsumura implements various programs to enhance the knowledge and skills of all MRs to ensure that they can fulfill these roles.
Training for MRs
Training for MRs at Tsumura consists of two types: introductory and ongoing.
Introductory training is designed to help MRs acquire and
Average Number of Training Hours per MR per Year
to accelerate such coordination in education going forward as we strive to create robust foundations and spur the ongoing development of the Tsumura Group.
Global Human Resource Development
Today, the companies and institutions that Tsumura partners with are not limited to Japan; they can be found in China, Europe, the United States, and other parts of the world. It can only be expected that we will continue to further develop our operations on the global stage going forward. For this reason, in fiscal 2019, we will be stepping up efforts to develop human resources who can excel globally. Our first step in this process is to offer language acquisition support for learning English or Chinese while holding cultural sensitivity training sessions for employees who have been with the Company for between one and three years. We will move ahead with the phased development of systems for training global human resources going forward.
build upon the qualities required in their position. Introductory training for new graduates takes place over a period of six months after they join the Company. This training program helps participants acquire the basic ethical standards, knowledge, and skills that Tsumura requires of its MRs and comprises a curriculum designed to help them pass the MR certification examination*; education on the Company’s products (Kampo medicines), driving skills, and a wide variety of other topics; and field training.
The goal of ongoing training is to help MRs maintain and
improve the qualities expected of their position. This training is
provided continuously and systematically on a yearly basis after
the completion of introductory training. Specifically, MRs are
required to undergo a program that consists of 75 hours of
training each year.
* The MR certification examination is a test administered by the MR Education & Accreditation Center of Japan since 1997 with the aim of improving the quality of MRs.
   Philosophy / policies
  Product knowledge
  MR activities
  Field training
  Preparation for MR certification examination
   Introductory training for new employees
Syllabus for first-year training
Syllabus for second-year training
Syllabus for third-year training
Syllabus for fourth-year training
Syllabus for fifth-year training Ongoing training
63
16
81 47 8 8
(Hours)
152 327
                                              10 54
10 54
                                              16 16
                         Ethics
  Overview of pharmaceuticals
  Information on pharmaceuticals
  Diseases and treatments
  Product education
  10
10 11 24 31
  Note: In addition to the above, various group training sessions are conducted at branches.
36 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 Training Sessions to Provide Latest Evidence
As more scientific evidence on the efficacy of Kampo products emerges, physicians are becoming increasingly interested in the latest trends and information pertaining to Kampo. It is therefore absolutely essential for Tsumura’s MRs to always remain up-to-date on the latest Kampo evidence to ensure that they there are able to respond to this interest by providing accurate information in a timely manner. We therefore invite
university professors and employees from research divisions to hold Companywide and branch-level training in order to help MRs efficiently absorb accurate and highly detailed information. These training sessions, as well as other forums, also serve as opportunities for brisk exchanges of information between MRs, and thus help improve MR motivation by enabling them to acquire new ideas for sales approaches and other information through such exchanges.
Utilization of Diverse Human Resources
Promotion of Employee Diversity
The Tsumura Group aims to be an organization that harnesses the diversity of its employees and in which employees can exercise their full potential to succeed. We have implemented various initiatives to accomplish this objective, including efforts to develop human resource systems and a corporate culture that are blind to gender and nationality. These initiatives earned Tsumura Platinum Kurumin certification in October 2017, signifying it as a company offering high-level support for employees raising children. Also as a result of these initiatives, we received Eruboshi certification in November of the same year for exhibiting excellence based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.
Furthermore, the promotion of employment of differently abled individuals has been positioned as a task to be addressed on a Groupwide basis. As a result, we have con- tinuously exceeded the legally mandated ratio of differently abled employees of 2.2% in Japan; our ratio was 2.9% on March 31, 2018.
Appointment of Female Officers and Managers
Appointment of Non-Japanese Officers and Local Employment Opportunities Overseas
Locallyhiredofficers Ratiooflocallyhiredmanagers
 Tsumura China
SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO., LTD.
SHANGHAI TSUMURA
LAO TSUMURA
—
2 vice presidents
1 president
1 vice president
—
100.0%
88.9%
80.0%
71.4%
(As of December 31, 2017)
                               Health Management
 TSUMURA & CO.
SHENZHEN TSUMURA
SHANGHAI TSUMURA
Female officers
2 outside directors
1 vice president
1 president
1 vice president
Female managers
43 managers
(of 778 total managers)
14 managers
(of 39 total managers)
13 managers
(of 29 total managers)
(As of March 31, 2018)
Eruboshi certification
We at Tsumura are responsible for contributing to people’s health. It is therefore crucial that we maintain our own health. It is only when people are in good health that they are able to exercise their skills and individuality and to feel energized in their work. Accordingly, we believe energizing employees will enable them to realize high productivity, which in turn will invigorate the organization and boost corporate value. We thus seek to make employees aware of their responsibility to maintain their own health while also providing various support systems to help employees remain mindful of their health and work to improve it.
                       Platinum Kurumin certification
Integrated Report 2018 37
  
 Corporate Governance
Directors
(As of June 28, 2018)
 (Standing, from left) Kimikazu Okochi, Mitsutoshi Matsushita, Yasunori Fuji, Terukazu Kato, Susumu Adachi, Shigeru Sugimoto, Hiroshi Miyake (Seated, from left) Kiyomi Haneishi, Kenichi Matsui,
38 TSUMURA & CO.
 
   Name
Position
Year appointed
Number of Company shares owned
Career summary
Terukazu Kato
President and Representative Director President and Executive Officer
2011
16,900 shares
Susumu Adachi
Director
Managing Executive Officer
2018
5,100 shares
Yasunori Fuji
Director
Senior Executive Officer
2011
22,100 shares
    Apr. 1986 Aug. 2001
Jan. 2006 Apr. 2007
Jun. 2011 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2015
Joined the Company
President and Representative Director, TSUMURA USA, INC.
Head of Public Relations Department
General Manager of the Company, Head of Corporate Communications Department
Director and Executive Officer of the Company, Head of Corporate Communications Department President and Representative Director of
the Company
President and Representative Director of
the Company, President and Executive Officer (incumbent)
Apr. 1987 Apr. 2013
Apr. 2015 Apr. 2016 Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Joined the Company
Head of Corporate Planning Department of
the Company
General Manager, Head of Corporate Planning Department of the Company
Executive Officer, Head of Corporate Planning Department of the Company
Managing Executive Officer, Head of Corporate Planning Department of the Company
Director and Managing Executive Officer, Head of Corporate Planning Department of the Company (incumbent)
Apr. 1979
Nov. 2008 Apr. 2009
Jun. 2011 Apr. 2013 Jun. 2015
Joined The Mitsubishi Bank, Ltd.
(currently MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
Advisor to the Company
Executive Officer of the Company, Head of the CSR Advancement Department Director of the Company, Head of the CSR Advancement Department
Director of the Company, Head of the Internal Control Department
Director and Senior Executive Officer of the Company, Head of Compliance Control Department (incumbent)
   Shigeru Sugimoto
Director (Outside Director)
2012
4,500 shares
Kenichi Matsui
Director (Outside Director)
2015
1,900 shares
Hiroshi Miyake
Director (Outside Director)
2018
0 shares
Apr. 1973 Oct. 2000
Apr. 2001 Apr. 2003 Apr. 2005
May 2009 Jun. 2009
Jun. 2010 Jun. 2014 Jun. 2015
Jun. 2016 Oct. 2016 Jun. 2018
Apr. 1982 Oct. 1985
Jun. 1987 Jul. 1988 Feb. 1989 Mar. 1992 Dec. 1995
Jun. 2012 Nov. 2013
Joined Housing & Urban Development Corporation (currently Urban Renaissance Agency)
Joined Ohta Showa Audit Corporation (currently Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC)
Registered as Real Estate Appraiser
Representative of Sakura Horwath & Co. (incumbent) Registered as Certified Public Accountant Registered as Certified Public Tax Accountant Representative of Sakura Horwath LLC (currently Sakura Horwath Audit Corporation) (incumbent) Outside Director of the Company (incumbent) Supervisory Officer of Hulic Reit, Inc. (incumbent)
Apr. 1972 Jun. 2001
Apr. 2003 Jun. 2004
Jun. 2005 Jun. 2010
Jun. 2014 Jun. 2015 Apr. 2018
Joined Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd.
Head of Accounting Department at
Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer & Head of Accounting Department at Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd.
Managing Executive Officer & Head of Accounting Department at Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd.
Managing Director at Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd. Executive Vice President & Representative Director at Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd.
Outside Director of The Mie Bank, Ltd.
Outside Director of the Company (incumbent) Outside Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member), The Mie Bank, Ltd. (incumbent)
Joined Mitsubishi Corporation
General Manager, Paper & Packaging Raw
Materials Division, Mitsubishi Corporation
Deputy Division COO, General Merchandise Division, Mitsubishi Corporation
Deputy General Manager, Kansai Branch,
Mitsubishi Corporation
Senior Vice President, Mitsubishi Corporation President, Mitsubishi International GmbH, and Deputy Regional CEO for Europe
Advisor, Tokai Pulp & Paper Co., Ltd.
Managing Executive Officer, Tokushu Tokai
Holdings Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Executive Officer,
Tokushu Tokai Paper Co., Ltd.
Director, Executive Vice President,
Tokushu Tokai Paper Co., Ltd.
Representative Director, Executive Vice President, Tokushu Tokai Paper Co., Ltd.
Advisor, Tokushu Tokai Paper Co., Ltd.
Advisor, Nippon Tokai Industrial Paper Supply Co., Ltd. Outside Director of the Company (incumbent)
   Kimikazu Okochi
Director
Audit and Supervisory Committee Member (Full-Time)
2017
5,000 shares
Kiyomi Haneishi
Director (Outside Director)
Audit and Supervisory Committee Member
2017
1,000 shares
Mitsutoshi Matsushita
Director (Outside Director)
Audit and Supervisory Committee Member
2017
200 shares
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2014
Apr. 2017 Jun. 2017
Joined the Company
Head of Accounting Department
General Manager of the Company,
Head of Accounting Department
General Manager of the Company,
Audit and Supervisory Board Office
Director & Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (incumbent)
Dec. 1993 Jan. 1997
Apr. 2000 Nov. 2000
Oct. 2005
Oct. 2009 Mar. 2012
Sep. 2013
Nov. 2013 Jun. 2015 May 2016 Jun. 2017
Joined Ohta Showa Ernst and Young (currently Ernst & Young Tax Co.)
Joined Sakura Horwath & Co.
Assigned to Sakura Horwath LLC
(currently Sakura Horwath Audit Corporation) Registered as Certified Public Accountant Joined Asahi Auditing Co., Ltd.
(currently KPMG AZSA LLC)
Entered the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (as a fixed-term National Public Servant) Joined KPMG AZSA LLC
Entered the Consumer Affairs Agency
(as a fixed-term National Public Servant)
Chief Manager of the Kiyomi Haneishi Certified Public Accountancy (currently Haneishi Kiyomi Certified Public Accountancy and Tax Account Firm) (incumbent) Registered as Certified Public Tax Accountant Auditor of the Company
Outside Director of MAXVALU CHUBU CO., LTD. Outside Director & Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (incumbent)
Apr. 1997 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2017
Registered as Lawyer
Joined Kajitani Law Offices (incumbent)
Outside Auditor of Pacific Systems Corporation (incumbent)
Outside Director & Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (incumbent)
Integrated Report 2018 39
 
 Corporate Governance
Basic Policy
The basic principles of Tsumura are encapsulated in its corporate philosophy of “The Best of Nature and Science” and in its corporate mission of “To contribute to the unparalleled medical therapeutic power of the combination of Kampo medicine and Western medicine.” Guided by these principles, we adhere to a policy of implementing continuous improvements to corporate governance in order to realize ongoing growth and medium-to-long-term increases in corporate value.
After receiving approval at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2017, Tsumura transitioned from
Corporate Governance Structure
elect / dismiss
the Company with Company Auditor(s) system described in the Companies Act of Japan to the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system. Under this system, Tsumura will enhance its management supervision function and innovate its management structure by separating the supervision function from the executive function and by appointing a majority of outside directors to the Board of Directors. These measures will be implemented to continuously establish the systems that will enable the Company to ensure the transparency, improve the efficiency, and maintain the soundness of management.
eport
     Directors Not Serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee Members 6 (including 3 outside directors)
 Directors Serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee Members 3 (including 2 outside directors)
 Board of Directors’ Office
 Audit and Supervisory Committee
    instruct
assist
        Outside Directors’ Meeting
submit resolution / report
delegate authority regarding officer election and dismissal, oversight, and important operational execution matters
report
cooperate
accounting audit internal control audit
cooperate
 accounting audit internal control audit
   Risk Management Committee report Disclosure Committee
instruct / present policy
internal audit
internal control evaluation
President and Representative Director President and Executive Officer
instruct
     Compliance Committee
Executive Committee
 report / discuss instruct
execute business
report
Internal Auditing Department
   Executive Officers (Officers’ Meeting)
  Overview of Corporate Governance System
Board of Directors
As management’s top decision-making body, the Board of Directors, which is composed of a majority of outside directors, makes decisions required by law and the articles of incorpo- ration and about other important matters regarding Tsumura’s business while overseeing the execution of duties by directors. Number of directors: 9 (including 5 outside directors)
Nomination/Remuneration Advisory Committee
The Nomination/Remuneration Advisory Committee is a voluntarily established advisory body to the Board of Directors.
The committee is composed of a majority of outside directors who have also been designated as independent directors as stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange (including one outside director who is a member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee). These outside directors provide advice on matters related to the nomination and compensation of directors and executive officers based on inquiries by the Board of Directors and also submit reports to the Board of Directors on these subjects. Suggestions are made to the Board of Directors as necessary.
Number of Nomination/Remuneration Advisory Committee members: 5
40 TSUMURA & CO.
inquire submit
instruct
General Meeting of Shareholders
  propose / report elect / dismiss
Business Units and Group Companies
report (express opinions)
elect / dismiss
cooperate
r
  Nomination/Remuneration Advisory Committee
 provide informa- tion / support / operate
Board of Directors
 audit / supervise
      Independent Auditor

 Audit and Supervisory Committee
The Audit and Supervisory Committee is membered by three directors, two of whom are outside directors and one of whom is a full-time member. This individual is well versed in circum- stances within the Company, as is needed to utilize its internal control systems. Directors who serve as the Audit and Supervisory Committee attend meetings of the Executive Committee and other important meetings in order to provide appropriate oversight for management. The Audit and Supervisory Committee is also tasked with investigating the state of operations and assets, monitoring the establishment and implementation of internal control systems, and verifying these systems to ensure that the execution of duties by directors is both adequate and legally compliant.
Number of Audit and Supervisory Committee members: 3
Outside Directors’ Meeting
The Outside Directors’ Meeting is a forum for the provision of information necessary for functional management and the sharing of information on recognized issues and other matters by outside directors.
Number of Outside Directors’ Meeting members: 5
Executive Committee
The Executive Committee is composed of executive directors, executive officers at the level of managing executive officer or above, and the executive officers responsible for the Accounting Department and the Personnel Department. This committee is responsible for deliberating and making decisions on important items related to operational execution with regard to general management and for discussing matters to be presented to the Board of Directors prior to meetings. Number of Executive Committee members: 6
20 times 20 times 20 times
14 times 14 times
6 times 6 times
10 times 10 times
17 times 16 times
Corporate Governance Activities in Fiscal 2018
Item
Annual number of Board of Directors’ meetings
Board of Directors’ meetings attended by outside directors (excluding outside directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members)
Board of Directors’ meetings attended by outside directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Board of Directors’ meetings attended by outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Annual number of Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
Audit & Supervisory Board meetings attended by outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Annual number of Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings
Audit and Supervisory Committee meetings attended by outside directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Standards for determination of independence of outside directors
Audit corporation
Audit corporation compensation
Details
20 times
Shigeru Sugimoto Kenichi Matsui Yayoi Masuda
Kiyomi Haneishi Mitsutoshi Matsushita
Kuniko Ouchi Kiyomi Haneishi
10 times
Kuniko Ouchi Kiyomi Haneishi
17 times
Kiyomi Haneishi Mitsutoshi Matsushita
                                                                  Contained in the Notice of the 82nd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 28, 2018, available through our corporate cite
PricewaterhouseCoopers Aarata LLC ¥46 million
                  Notes:
1. Upon receiving approval at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2017, Tsumura transitioned from the Company with Company Auditor(s) system to
the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system.
2. Figures pertaining to the Audit & Supervisory Board are for prior to the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2017.
Integrated Report 2018 41
 
 Corporate Governance
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation in Fiscal 2018
Category
Directors (excluding directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members) (excluding outside directors)
Outside directors
Directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors)
Outside directors
Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Total compensation (¥ in millions)
179
30
18
15
11
3
Basic compensation (¥ in millions)
160
30
18
15
11
3
Stock compensation (¥ in millions)
19
―
―
―
―
―
Number of officers compensated (people)
3
3
1
2
2
2
                   Directors (excluding directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members) Total
       209
    190
    19
   6
                    Directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members Total
       33
    33
    ―
   3
                   Audit & Supervisory Board members Total
       15
    15
    ―
   4
 Notes:
1. Upon receiving approval at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2017, Tsumura transitioned from the Company with Company Auditor(s) system to
the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system.
2. Figures for directors (excluding directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members) include data pertaining to individuals who were directors prior to the transition to
the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system.
3. Figures for compensation paid to Audit & Supervisory Board members are for prior to the transition to the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system. Figures for
compensation paid to directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members are for after to the transition to the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system.
4. Figures for compensation paid to directors (excluding directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members) do not include employee salaries paid to directors who
also serve as employees of the Company.
5. Figures for stock compensation represent the amount of related expenses recorded in fiscal 2018.
6. Based on a resolution of the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2017, the upper limit for compensation (basic compensation) for directors (excluding
directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members) is ¥600 million per annum (not including employee salaries). Prior to the transition to the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system, the upper limit for compensation (basic compensation) for directors was ¥50 million per month (not including employee salaries) based on a resolution of the 70th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2006.
7. Based on a resolution of the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2017, the upper limit for compensation (basic compensation) for directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members is ¥72 million per month.
8. Based on a resolution of the 69th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2005, the upper limit for compensation (basic compensation) for Audit & Supervisory Board members is ¥6 million per month.
Methods of Determining Compensation for Directors and Executive Officers
Directors (Excluding Directors Serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee Members)
The Company’s basic policy is to pay an amount of compensation to directors (excluding directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members) that will contribute to their motivation to pursue the sustained growth of the Company through the improvement of performance and increased corporate value. Compensation standards and the types of compensation paid were selected to ensure an appropriate level of com- pensation given the roles, duties, and rank of each director. We strive to increase objectivity in establishing compensation standards by utilizing survey data from third-party specialists and considering the compensation levels of industry peers as well as the salary levels of Tsumura employees. In addition, the Nomination/Remuneration Advisory Committee was established on June 29, 2017, to improve the transparency and impartiality of decisions related to compensation by involving outside directors who have been designated as independent directors, as stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and incorporating their input.
The types of director (excluding directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members) compensation paid are as follows.
1. Monetary basic compensation is paid as an annual sum of no more than
¥600 million,*1 and the amount paid to each director is decided on an individual basis. For the representative and other directors with opera- tional execution authority, basic compensation is determined based on standards that account for roles, duties, and rank, and a portion of this
compensation is adjusted to reflect the Company’s business results and the degree of accomplishment of performance goals set for each director in the respective fiscal year. Outside directors and other directors without operational execution authority receive a fixed amount of basic compen- sation based on their roles in supervising operational execution.
2. The Company has introduced a performance-linked stock compensation plan with the aim of enhancing awareness among directors toward contributing to the sustained growth of the Company through the improvement of its medium-to-long-term performance in accordance with the medium-term management plan and to increased corporate value.
Overview of the Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan
The performance-linked stock compensation plan is available to directors, excluding directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members and non-operating directors, as well as to executive officers with whom the Company has concluded delega- tion agreements (referred to collectively as “directors, etc.” hereinafter). In this incentive plan, directors, etc. are granted common shares of the Company’s stock based on the degree of achievement of targets set for designated performance indices in accordance with their roles, duties, and rank. Common shares of the Company’s stock are scheduled to be granted to directors, etc. after the conclusion of the period defined below.
Framework of the Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan
As described in “Period of the Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan” below, the plan will cover a period of three fiscal years, after which common shares of the Company’s stock will be granted to directors, etc. based on the degree of achievement of targets set for designated performance indices in the final fiscal year of the applicable period in accordance with their roles, duties, and rank. The delivery of common shares of the Company’s stock to directors, etc. will be conducted through the issuance of new shares by the Company or through the allocation of existing treasury stock, and the
42 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 specific directors, etc., to whom common shares will be delivered and the number of common shares to be delivered will be decided by the Board of Directors after the conclusion of the period of the plan. In delivering common shares, the Company will grant directors, etc. monetary compensation claims, and the directors, etc., will acquire common shares by making an in-kind contribution of the monetary compensation claims at the time of the issuance of shares or the disposal of treasury shares. The upper limit of the total amount of monetary compensation claims shall be ¥300 million (based on a resolution of the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2017). The amount of the monetary compensation claims will be determined by the Board of Directors to the extent that it is not unduly favorable to directors, etc. that will receive allotments of its common shares. As the amount of common shares of the Company’s stock to be allocated is to be determined based on the degree of achievement of targets set for designated performance indices in the disclosed medium-term management plan, it has not yet been decided whether common shares will be granted, to which directors, etc. these shares will be granted, and the number of common shares that will be granted.
Period of the Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan
The period for the performance-linked stock compensation plan shall be the three-year period covered by the medium-term management plan (from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2019). In addition, after the end of the initial period for the plan, the Board of Directors may resolve to continue the plan, within the scope approved at 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, to cover the three-year period spanning from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2022.
Number of Shares to Be Granted to Directors, etc., through the Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan
The Company calculates the number of common shares to be granted to individual directors, etc., by multiplying the number of reference deliverable shares (determined according to the criteria of compensation based on roles, duties, and rank of individual directors, etc.) by the achievement ratios of the targets for consolidated net sales, consolidated operating profit, and consolidated ROE set for fiscal 2019, which are defined in the medium-term management plan, in accordance with the applicable numerical target allocation ratios. The number of deliverable shares will be rounded down to the nearest trading unit.
Calculation Formulas
Reference deliverable shares
= Amount determined according to compensation criteria based on roles, duties,
and rank of individual directors, etc. / Reference share price* × 3 (fiscal years)
* Reference share price = Closing price for ordinary transactions of common shares
of Company stock on March 31, 2016
Number of shares to be issued to individual directors, etc.
= Reference deliverable shares × (Sum of (Achievement ratios for numerical targets*
× Applicable numerical target allocation ratio))
* “Achievement ratios for numerical targets” is determined based on the achieved
degree, within the range of 0% to 120%, with the level corresponding to the numerical target set at 100%.
Numerical Targets for Fiscal 2019 Net sales: ¥120.0 billion Operating profit: ¥14.0 billion ROE: 6%
The upper limit of the total number of common shares the Company will grant to directors, etc. shall be equivalent to 60,000 shares during the period of the plan (based on a resolution of the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2017), provided, however, that, if the total number of issued shares of the Company increases or decreases as a result of stock consolidations, stock splits, gratis allotments issued of shares, etc., this upper limit and the number of issued shares to be granted to directors, etc. shall be reasonably adjusted according to the consolidation ratio, split ratio, allotment ratio, etc. pertaining to shares.
Requirements for Allocation of Common Stock through the Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan
Under the performance-linked stock compensation plan, the Company shall grant common shares of its stock to directors, etc., after the conclusion of the period on condition that the requirements described below are satisfied:
• The individual was a director, etc. during the plan period
• The individual has not been engaged in wrongful or illegal conduct
• The individual meets other conditions set by the Company that are deemed
consistent with the purposes of the plan
1) Directors, etc., who retire from office during the plan period will receive allocations
of common shares prorated to the number of years they held office prior to the time of retirement.
2) Directors, etc., who are newly appointed during the plan period will receive allocations of common shares prorated to the number of years in office.
3) If a director, etc., passes away during the plan period, the individual entitled to the inheritance of the director, etc., will receive an amount of money calculated by multiplying the market price of the common shares of the Company at the point of the passing of the director, etc., by the number of reference deliverable shares prorated to the number of years in office, without accounting for the achievement ratio of numerical targets of the director, etc.
Directors Serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee Members
Based on the roles and duties of directors serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee members, only fixed basic compensation is paid to these directors. This compensation is paid as an annual sum of no more than ¥72 million, and is decided for each individual director serving as an Audit and Supervisory Committee member through deliberation among these directors.
Evaluations of the Board of Directors’ Effectiveness
For the purpose of improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, all nine directors, of whom five are outside directors, were asked to fill out surveys on the effectiveness of the Board of Directors in fiscal 2018. The results of those surveys were discussed at a meeting of the Board of Directors held in May 2018 along with the issues identified and the mea- sures for addressing those issues. The results of the discussions are described below. The Company will continue to implement a unique PDCA cycle going forward with the aim of realizing further improvements in the effectiveness of its Board of Directors.
1. Areas Evaluated
(1) Composition of the Board of Directors
(2) Roles and duties of the Board of Directors
(3) Proceedings of the Board of Directors
(4) Enhancement of discussions at meetings of the Board of Directors
and of related information provision
(5) Relationship between the Board of Directors and shareholders and
other stakeholders
(6) Others (policies regarding issues identified by individual directors)
2. Overview of Evaluation Results
The Board of Directors was found to generally be functioning appropriately and to be effective overall.
Highly Evaluated Areas
• Appropriate number of directors with a majority of those directors being outside directors
• Strong oversight of effectiveness of management and of the Board of Directors
• Proceedings managed well at Board of Directors’ meetings to create an atmosphere that is conducive to frank and open discussions
• Appropriate leadership exercised at meetings of the Board of Directors by the chairman, making for smooth progress regarding the agenda
Issues and Response Measures
• Provision of training opportunities to endow directors with the insight and knowledge necessary for carrying out new business ventures and other enhancements to systems
• Decision of succession plan for president after enhancing functionality of Nomination/Remuneration Advisory Committee and engaging in con- structive discussions at meetings of the Board of Directors
• Further improvement of provision of information regarding background for major agenda items, discussion history, and other factors
Integrated Report 2018 43
 
 Corporate Governance
Message from an Outside Director
  44 TSUMURA & CO.
Shigeru Sugimoto
Director (Outside Director)
In-Depth Discussions at Outside Directors’ Meeting
Tsumura transitioned to the Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee system described
by the Companies Act of Japan on June 30, 2017, at which point the Board of Directors came to be membered by a majority of outside directors. A significant amount of authority was also delegated to the Executive Committee, allowing the Board of Directors to focus on a more carefully selected range of proposals. I became an outside director at the Company in June 2012, six years ago. I feel as though, now more than ever, I am expected to provide highly valuable advice, and I am devoted to living up to this expectation.
Tsumura has in place the frameworks needed to reinforce corporate governance, and those frameworks are of a very high quality. For example, the Outside Directors’ Meeting, which is attended by only outside directors, has been convened almost every month since 2015. One of the functions of this meeting is to address gaps in our understanding. These gaps can arise from a lack of special- ized knowledge or an inability to grasp the entirety of the discussion process at internal meetings. It is important to make sure that these gaps do not go unaddressed. The Outside Directors’ Meeting provides a forum where outside directors can state the areas about which they are unclear to gain a better understanding of the matters at hand prior to meetings of the Board of Directors. This approach allows for more lively and meaningful discussions to take place at Board meetings. The proposals presented to the Board of Directors do not only come from inside the Company; there are also cases in which proposals are submitted by outside directors. As outside directors offer such input based on their own unique experience, discussions at Board meetings can become very vigorous.
Quantitative Verification of Worst-Case Scenarios and
Implementation of PDCA Cycle
I believe that Tsumura has always been a company that takes a logical approach in its activities. This inclination to logic can be seen in its corporate philosophy of “The Best of Nature and Science.” With my background as a certified public accountant, I too see myself as a very number-oriented person. When making decisions, I like to evaluate the pros and cons of each option based on numerical data as much as possible. Such a logical approach was adopted during the discussions leading up to the commencement of the capital and business alliance with Ping An. We, of course,
 
 considered the investment amount and the intended business scheme. The examination did not stop there, however. We looked at the synergies that could be expected with Ping An, its corporate values, and otherwise examined the advantages and disadvantages of the alliance from a variety of perspectives. Similarly multifaceted examinations were carried out with regard to risks, which entailed verification of worst-case scenarios. This process of identifying issues, discussing measures for addressing those issues, and then implementing those measures has made for an effective PDCA (plan-do-check-act) cycle.
Succession Plans
The Nomination/Remuneration Advisory Committee was established in July 2017. This committee is responsible for discussing such matters as the nomination, dismissal, and compensation of officers as well as the succession plans for the current president and other high-ranking officers. Over the course of these discussions, a variety of opinions are exchanged largely in relation to three topics: the qualities required in members of senior management, the process for leading up to the replacement of such managers, and development plans for cultivating management candidates within the Company.
I personally believe that the most important quality members of senior management need to possess is the ability to exercise Tsumura’s corporate philosophy—“The Best of Nature and Science”— in management and to encourage all Group employees, both in Japan and overseas, to also act based on this philosophy. President Terukazu Kato is very consistent in his management, and his commitment to the corporate philosophy and the corporate mission has resulted in domestic employees following suit. The number of overseas Group companies has been increasing in conjunction with the recent expansion of businesses in China. Accordingly, Tsumura’s next leader will need to be someone who can effectively portray the corporate philosophy and corporate mission, which could be said to represent the Company’s core mind-set, to an even wider range of employees. In fiscal 2019, we will launch the Tsumura Academy program aimed at developing future management candidates. The initial policy for the program has been decided: to encourage management to take action to promote the corporate philosophy and corporate mission and practice rigorous governance, and expectations are high with regard to this program.
Expectations for Tsumura’s Contributions to People’s Health
As a certified public accountant, I have had the opportunity to view various companies from the outside. Tsumura stands out in the love of its employees for its products and the pride they have in working for the Company. The social component of Tsumura’s business, by which I mean the fact that it manufactures and sells Kampo medicines to contribute to people’s health, is a great source of motivation for employees and consequently a major strength of the Company. I too share this affection. Several years prior to my becoming an outside director at Tsumura, I was able to avoid surgery by taking Kampo medicines. I have been a fan of Tsumura’s Kampo products ever since.
Investment based on environmental, social, and governance (ESG)* perspectives and contribu- tions to the accomplishment of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals are topics that have been garnering attention as of late. The principles driving these trends have always been embodied by Tsumura. The Company has continued to expand the range of areas in which it pro- vides value, from contributing to people’s health to utilizing idle land to cultivate raw material crude drugs in Japan and developing new businesses in China, and there is still much room for further expansion. I look forward to supporting the growth of Tsumura to my fullest going forward.
* ESG is an acronym for environment, social, and governance. ESG investment refers to an approach toward investment that involves considering non-financial ESG information in addition to the cash flow, profit margin, and other quantitative financial information on which investment decisions have traditionally been based when selecting investment targets.
Integrated Report 2018 45
 
 Compliance and Risk Management
Compliance Promotion Frameworks and Systems
Based on the Tsumura Code of Conduct, which is our guiding principle for the way we conduct business activities, we have formulated the Tsumura Compliance Program Regulations.
Policies for promoting compliance at the Tsumura Group are examined and set by the Compliance Committee based on the findings of annual surveys and compliance incidents that have occurred inside and outside of the Group. After the policies set by the committee are reported to the Board of Directors, these policies are presented with accompanying instructions to business units and Group companies so that they can be implemented at workplaces.
As part of our efforts to ensure thorough compliance throughout the Group, we hold regular forums for exchanging
Tsumura Compliance Program
Tsumura Code of Conduct Tsumura Compliance Program Regulations Compliance Committee Compliance Promotion System Tsumura Group Hotline
Risk Management Systems
Provisions Related to Information Management
The Group communicates the Basic Information Management Regulations and other internal rules regarding information management throughout its organization in order to ensure the appropriate and effective management of infor- mation assets. Specific provisions for enhancing information management include information management and informa- tion security training for officers and employees as well as compulsory printing of unique identification numbers on all printed materials.
Provisions Related to Risk Management
In its risk management practices, the Group takes steps to confirm the status of initiatives for addressing management risks as well as the necessary measures for responding to risks that may materialize in the future. Such confirmation is
relevant information among representatives from domestic and overseas Group companies. In addition, we have imple- mented an internal whistle-blowing system with the aim of quickly identifying and correcting any compliance issues that may arise within the Group. Reports made through this system are periodically reported to the president, who is also the chief compliance officer, as well as to the Audit and Supervisory Committee. Furthermore, directors in charge of compliance monitor the status of the Group’s compliance initiatives and make regular reports to the Board of Directors.
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
Compliance Promotion System
Chief Compliance Officer Directors in charge of compliance
Department in charge of compliance (Compliance Control Department)
                46 TSUMURA & CO.
Personnel in charge of promoting compliance
Department
Personnel in charge of promoting compliance
Department
Personnel in charge of promoting compliance
Department
 carried out through risk meetings between the division responsible for risk management (the General Affairs Department) and relevant operating divisions and members of senior management at Group companies and through meetings of the Risk Management Committee and the Risk Management Promotion Committee. The Group has also established a business continuity plan (BCP) to further strengthen crisis management initiatives and to ensure that operations can be restored in the event of an emergency. The BCP describes its purpose and basic policies, the scope of application for management under the plan, provisions pertaining to strategies and evaluations of the impacts of emergency situations, business continuity measures, and business restoration procedures. In addition, the Group continuously updates its disaster response and portable disaster preparedness manuals, which are used in disaster preparedness drills conducted at Group bases.
 
 Risk Factors
(1) Medical Systems
In the pharmaceutical industry, changes to medical care systems exert a major influence on the pharmaceutical market. Depending on the direction of change, a negative effect on the industry as a whole and on the performance of the Tsumura Group could result.
(2) Competition
In Japan, we have long maintained a dominant position in
the field of prescription Kampo products, which is the mainstay source of earnings for the Group. However, if a major domestic or foreign pharmaceutical company entered the Kampo medicines market, competition would intensify further, and the Group’s performance could suffer as a result.
(3) Product Supply
Approximately 80% of the crude drugs that constitute the main ingredients of Tsumura’s Kampo formulations are imported from China, and some processes in the production of Kampo products are conducted in China. Because most of the crude drugs grow in the wild, we are researching the cultivation of major crude drugs to prepare for the future. However, in the event of unforeseeable changes in legal regulations or political or economic conditions, it could become difficult to secure or import sufficient quantities. In addition, bad weather, natural disasters, or destabilizations of social conditions resulting from wars or other causes could create instability in demand, supply, or other distribution-related circumstances for raw materials procured domestically and internationally for the manufacture of products. Such occurrences could result in hikes in the market prices of raw materials or scarcity of their supply, which would have a negative impact on the supply of products. Likewise, while we have incorporated earthquake- resistant features in construction and conduct regular inspections of production equipment and facilities within Japan, we cannot completely guarantee that the functioning of our facilities will not be hampered or lost in the event of a massive earthquake, fire, power outage, or other disaster.
The Group’s social standing or performance could be negatively affected should the supply of products be interrupted or delayed due to any of the circumstances described above.
(4) Product Safety and Adverse Reactions
In the manufacturing of the Group’s products, we strictly adhere to the quality control standards of the countries and regions in which we operate as well as to our own original standards for crude drugs. However, we cannot completely
guarantee that there will not be a defect or safety problem, including undetected pesticide residue on a crude drug used in a Kampo product. In addition, should consumers experience unexpected adverse reactions from a pharmaceutical product marketed by the Tsumura Group, the existing methods of use may be restricted, and a loss of confidence in the Group and its pharmaceutical products may result in a drop in the dispen- sation of our medicines or in patients’ refusal to take them.
The Tsumura Group’s performance may suffer if a situation such as those described above results in a decline in sales volume, demand for large amounts of damage compensation, or a large-scale recall, among other possibilities.
(5) Research and Development
In the interest of future growth and better corporate perfor- mance, the Tsumura Group conducts R&D activities related to new products and new technologies both in Japan and abroad. However, we cannot guarantee that all of these activities will be successful. The Group’s performance could suffer if, for some reason, R&D activities were canceled or delayed or if costs increased significantly.
(6) International Business
The Tsumura Group engages in manufacturing and sales activities in China, South Korea, and other foreign countries and regions. Because of this involvement in international business, it is possible for the Group to be negatively affected by unforeseeable changes in legal regulations or in political, economic, or other conditions.
(7) Financial Condition
The Group’s performance and financial condition could be negatively affected by such developments as a sharp decline in its stock price or an increase in retirement liabilities arising from a drop in the discount rate.
(8) Intellectual Property
We cannot guarantee the full protection of the intellectual property owned by the Group in relation to Kampo products. The Group’s performance may be negatively affected if there were leakage of such information that led to a decline in competitiveness.
(9) Exchange Rate Fluctuations
The Group imports from China most of the crude drugs used in the Kampo products that it markets. Therefore, sharp movements in exchange rates could impact negatively on the Group’s business results and financial position.
Integrated Report 2018 47
 
   Eleven-Year Selected ESG Data
TSUMURA & CO. and subsidiaries
Environmental*1
(Years ended March 31)
Energy consumption
Energy consumption per unit of production
Greenhouse gas emissions
Greenhouse gas emissions per unit of production
Water consumption
Volume of discharged water
Water consumption per unit of production
Social
(Years ended March 31)
Number of Kampo medicine seminars for physicians
Number of participants of Kampo medicine seminars for physicians (As of end of March, each year)
Number of employees
Number of managers*2
Number of female managers*2
Governance
(As of end of June, each year)
Internal directors (Men)
Outside directors designated as independent directors (Men)
Outside directors designated as independent directors (Women)
Internal directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)*3
Independent outside directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)*3 (Men)
Independent outside directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)*3 (Women)
(Years ended March 31)
Outside directors’ rate of attendance at Board of Directors’ meetings
Outside Audit & Supervisory Committee members’ rate of attendance at Audit &
Supervisory Committee meetings*3
Outside Audit & Supervisory Committee members’ rate of attendance
at Board of Directors’ meetings*3
Unit 2010
TJ 1,176
GJ/t 212.9
t-CO2 62,900
t-CO2/t 11.4 10.0
   Thousands of tons Thousands of tons t/t
Times People
People People People
People People People People People People
%
%
%
1,595 1,601 1,466 1,455 289 252
1,160 1,257
182.6 183.8 63,400 65,900 9.6 1,728 1,483 253
      269 5,261
2,702 — —
8 0 0 2 1 1
— 100.0 97.5
*2 Figures represent the total of figures from TSUMURA & CO.; SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO.,
Figures from SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO., LTD., and SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD., are as of December 31 of the preceding year.
*3 The position of Audit & Supervisory Board member was replaced with the position of Audit and Supervisory Committee member after receiving approval at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2017.
317 286 5,454 5,683
2,773 2,631 — — — —
8 8 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 1 1 1
— —
100.0 100.0
100.0 100.0
                                                          *1 Figures for items under the “Environmental” category represent the total of figures from TSUMURA & CO. SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO., LTD.; SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD.; subsidiary LAO TSUMURA CO., LTD. (from 2014)).
and certain Group companies (LOGITEM TSUMURA CO., LTD.; YUBARI TSUMURA CO., LTD. (from 2012); and non-consolidated
Greenhouse Gas Emissions / Greenhouse Gas Emissions per Unit of Production
Water Consumption / Water Consumption per Unit of Production
Thousands of tons
Kampo Medicine Seminars for Physicians
t/t People Times
t-CO2
t-CO2/t
120,000   10
8.5 87,407
60,000   5
1,800   240
1,540
150
900   120
12,000 400
9,032 260
6,000 200
LTD.; and SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD.
        000000
   14 15 16 17 18
Greenhouse gas emissions
Greenhouse gas emissions per unit of production (right scale)
14 15 16 17 18
Water consumption
Water consumption per unit of production (right scale)
14 15 16 17 18
Number of participants
Number of seminars (right scale)
48 TSUMURA & CO.
2008
2009
               
    2011 2012
2013
2014 2015 2016
2017
          1,269
179.5 65,885 9.3 1,379 1,132 195
1,357
166.2 69,707 8.5 1,565 1,274 192
1,343
158.5 73,820 8.7 1,528 1,228 180
1,473
162.2 80,414 8.9 1,622 1,353 179
1,395
154.1 80,404 8.9 1,466 1,312 162
1,428
153.9 78,948 8.5 1,492 1,304 161
1,580
161.4 87,502 8.9 1,547 1,339 158
       249 265 311 356 317 339 330 5,099 5,473 7,257 8,758 9,115 10,411 11,089
     2,717 2,784 2,831 2,898 3,335 3,242 3,331 — — 834 873 843 828 831 — — 40 46 51 57 63
Number of Female Managers
People
80
Composition of the Board of Directors
People
12
Outside Directors’ Rate of Attendance at Board of Directors’ Meetings
%
100
1,568
152.6
87,407
8.5
1,540
1,288
150
  260
9,032
                              3,453
846
70
         9997333 0111222 0000111 2222221 1111001 1111221
3
3
0
1
1
1
                                   — — 98.1 98.2 97.2 100.0
100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 96.0 100.0 100.0 93.0
98.2 100.0 100.0
94.7 100.0 100.0
100.0
98.5
100.0
            70
100.0
  1
40 6 450
4
2018
       000
14 15 16 17 18 14 15 16 17 18 14 15 16 17 18
Internal directors (Men)
Outside directors designated as independent directors (Men) Outside directors designated as independent directors (Women)
   Integrated Report 2018 49
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Eleven-Year Selected Financial Data (Unaudited) TSUMURA & CO. and subsidiaries
Years ended March 31
For the year
2008
2009
90,016 29,028 60,987 44,504 16,483 16,622 17,940 10,777
19,810 38,754 8,970 52,855 73,968 126,824
2010
90,933 28,518 62,414 43,475 18,938 19,071 18,710 10,704
22,335 40,857 8,773 50,944 83,752 134,697
         Net sales
Cost of sales*
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating profit
Ordinary profit
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
At year-end
Inventories
Property, plant and equipment, net
Non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Total net assets
Total assets
Other selected data
Capital investment for property, plant and equipment
R&D expenses
Depreciation
Free cash flow
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Per share data (yen)
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Dividends 23.00 Net assets
Financial ratios (%)
As a percentage of net sales:
¥ 94,799 31,609 63,190 47,369 15,820 15,258 14,605 9,139
¥
¥
¥
¥
                    Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit
Ordinary profit
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
ROE
ROA
Current ratio
* Including credit (debit) for allowance for sales returns.
¥ 19,651 40,251 14,440 62,734 72,411 135,146
¥ 3,124 4,368 3,396 1,309 5,358
(4,049)
(7,419) 13,718
¥ 129.57 1,015.46
66.7% 50.0 16.7 16.1 15.4 9.6 13.0 11.4 142.3
¥ 5,479 3,958 3,298 7,293 10,634
(3,341)
(6,354) 14,596
¥ 152.80 34.00 1,037.76
67.8% 49.4 18.3 18.5 19.9 12.0 14.9 12.6 157.2
¥ 5,237 3,770 3,225 5,864 12,019
(6,155)
(5,085) 15,381
¥ 151.77 46.00 1,175.04
68.6% 47.8 20.8 21.0 20.6 11.8 13.7 14.5 173.8
     50 TSUMURA & CO.
 
  ¥ 94,778 29,435 65,342 43,789 21,553 21,725 21,058 12,945
¥
95,450 ¥ 105,638 29,944 35,927 65,505 69,711 44,271 46,586 21,233 23,124 21,783 24,310 22,448 24,062 13,431 15,373
¥ 110,057 38,787 71,269 48,808 22,461 23,966 28,118 18,050
¥ 110,438 41,859 68,578 49,087 19,491 21,583 20,078 14,075
¥ 112,625 45,055 67,569 47,743 19,826 19,494 18,898 12,557
¥ 114,954 49,454 65,499 49,516 15,983 16,399 17,184 12,488
2014
2015
6,252
5,387 (5,691) 4,992
(10,683) 10,408 19,343
5,968
5,059 10,109 17,570
(7,461)
(4,608) 25,128
2016
2017
¥ in millions
         2011 2012 2013
2018
          ¥ 117,879
49,603
68,275
51,224
17,050
17,914
20,284
14,504
         ¥ 22,057 42,154 8,587 50,394 91,154 141,549
¥ 30,570 44,869 8,093 49,633 102,240 151,874
¥ 35,565 50,657 9,448 51,929 118,537 170,466
¥ 43,424 57,148 9,126 54,305 133,318 187,623
¥ 50,716 60,624 23,339 64,706 150,947 215,654
¥ 52,348 62,822 23,063 66,765 155,702 222,468
¥ 52,138 64,686 32,727 64,611 157,397 222,008
¥ 49,994
71,329
48,402
97,168
196,533
293,701
         ¥ 5,264 4,123 3,453 5,232 12,047
(6,815)
(3,355) 17,198
¥
6,425 4,565 3,850 1,972 7,314 (5,342) (5,272)
13,906
¥ 9,328 4,904 4,049 3,988 12,011
(8,022)
(4,275) 13,762
¥
8,991 5,949 4,871 4,214 5,908 (1,694) (4,575)
14,418
¥ 8,428 ¥ 9,638
¥ 6,438 6,087 5,629 14,614 21,065
(6,451)
(9,572) 29,901
¥ 11,900
Integrated Report 2018 51
6,048
6,157
(2,288)
21,066
(23,354)
50,305
78,313
         ¥ 183.55 58.00 1,274.06
¥ 190.45 60.00 1,430.94
¥ 217.98 62.00 1,658.88
¥ 255.94 64.00 1,860.14
¥ 199.58 64.00 2,103.04
¥ 178.06 64.00 2,169.13
¥ 179.46 64.00 2,250.34
  68.9% 68.6% 46.2 46.4 22.7 22.2 22.9 22.8 22.2 23.5 13.7 14.1 15.0 14.1 15.6 14.5
189.1 207.8
66.0% 64.8% 44.1 44.3 21.9 20.4 23.0 21.8 22.8 25.5 14.6 16.4 14.1 14.5 14.3 12.5
222.5 240.6
62.1% 60.0% 57.0% 44.4 42.4 43.1 17.6 17.6 13.9 19.5 17.3 14.3 18.2 16.8 14.9 12.7 11.1 10.9 10.1 8.3 8.1
9.7 9.1 7.2 310.6 305.9 422.4
¥ 200.55
64.00
2,532.11
       57.9%
43.5
14.5
15.2
17.2
12.3
8.3
6.6
394.5
          
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
TSUMURA & CO. and subsidiaries Years ended March 31
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
FOR FISCAL 2018
PHARMACEUTICAL MARKET AND OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
Growth of Prescription Kampo Product Market
In fiscal 2018, the scale of the domestic prescription product market was ¥10,500.0 billion*1 on a monetary basis, and the scale of the prescription Kampo product segment of this market was ¥150.9 billion.*1 Looking at the 10-year period from March 31, 2009, to March 31, 2018, the com- pound annual growth rate for the prescription Kampo product market was 3.9%*2, representing strong growth that exceeded the rate of 2.6%*2 seen for the overall do- mestic prescription product market during the same period.
Drug Prices
In Japan, the official prices of all prescription pharmaceuticals covered by the Japanese National Health Insurance (NHI) plan are revised once every two years, in principle, to reflect market prices. The most recent revision took place in April 2018 and resulted in an average reduction of 7.48% in overall pharmaceutical prices. All 129 prescription Kampo products provided by Tsumura are covered under the NHI plan, and the most recent price revision resulted in a 3% decrease in the official prices of these products on average.
*1 Copyright ©2018 IQVIA, based on “JPM Mar. 2018 MAT,” reprinted with permission *2 Copyright ©2018 IQVIA, estimated based on “JPM Mar. 2009 MAT–Mar. 2018 MAT,”
reprinted with permission
Cumulative Total of Medical Students Passing the National Examination for Medical Practitioners
 Japanese Market Size for Prescription Kampo Products (NHI listed price)
¥ billion
%
People
120,000
60,000
200   100
83.9
150.9
100   50
111,119
06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
                000 14 15 16 17 18
  Overall market Tsumura’s share (right scale)
Copyright ©2018 IQVIA, estimated based on “JPM Mar. 2014 MAT–Mar. 2018 MAT,” reprinted with permission
In fiscal 2005, Kampo medicine education was implemented at all medical colleges and universities in Japan. The numbers are the cumulative total since fiscal 2006.
52 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 Use of Prescription Kampo Products by Physicians
Kampo products are widely used in the healthcare work- place in Japan today. As of February 2017, more than 100,000 medical students have passed the Japanese na- tional examination for medical practitioners since fiscal 2006, the year following the fiscal 2005 implementation of Kampo medicine education at all of the 80 medical col- leges and university medical departments nationwide. According to a recent survey by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare,* as of December 2016, the number of registered medical practitioners in Japan was 319,480, and it is estimated that one in three of these practitioners has received Kampo medicine education. In addition to providing support for Kampo medicine education at medi- cal education institutions, we are encouraging increased use of prescription Kampo products by providing
information and training opportunities for newly graduated
and practicing physicians.
* Survey of Physicians, Dentists and Pharmacists 2016, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, 2016
INCOME STATEMENT
¥ in millions, except ratios
Net sales
Gross profit
 Gross profit margin Operating profit  Operating profit margin Ordinary profit
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
FY2017
¥114,954 65,499
57.0% 15,983
13.9% 16,399
17,184 12,488
FY2018
  ¥117,879
68,275
57.9%
17,050
14.5%
17,914
20,284
14,504
       Net Sales
¥ million
140,000
70,00
Sales and Sales Volume of Tsumura’s 129 Prescription Kampo Products
¥ million
Millions of units
  117,879
140,000 40 112,274
70,00   20
          20
  000
  14 15 16 17 18
Leading Kampo Products by Sales Amount
Sales
14 15 16 17 18
Sales volume (right scale)
FY2017
¥ 10,328
7,330
6,947
6,863
4,853
4,465
4,511
3,363
3,733
3,277
1,276
  Formulation No. / Product name
Main effectively treatable disorders
Abdominal pain associated with chills, abdominal bloating
Neurosis, insomnia, etc.
FY2018
¥ million
Difference YoY change
¥ 256 2.5%
240 3.3%
151 2.2%
181 2.6%
177 3.7%
68 1.5%
(0) (0.0)%
358 10.7%
(47) (1.3)%
128 3.9%
58 4.6%
2,626 2.4%
 ¥ 10,584
      7,571
      7,098
      7,044
      5,031
      4,534
      4,511
      3,722
      3,686
      3,405
      1,334
      112,274
    1 TJ-100
2 TJ-54
3 TJ-41
4 TJ-43
5 TJ-68
6 TJ-24
7 TJ-29
8 TJ-17
9 TJ-107
10 TJ-1
21 TJ-14
Daikenchuto
Yokukansan
Hochuekkito
Rikkunshito
Shakuyakukanzoto
Kamishoyosan
Bakumondoto
Goreisan
Goshajinkigan
Kakkonto
Hangeshashinto
Reinforcement of physical strength after illness, anorexia, etc.
Gastritis, maldigestion, anorexia, etc.
Pain accompanying sudden muscle spasms, etc.
Oversensitivity to cold, menstrual irregularity, menopausal disorders, etc.
Coughing accompanying persistent phlegm, bronchitis, bronchial asthma
Edema, diarrhea, headache, heat stroke, etc.
Leg pain, low back pain, numbness, dysuria, etc.
Cold, head cold, early-stage excitable disposition, stiff shoulders, etc.
Fermentative diarrhea, nervous gastritis, stomatitis, neurosis, etc.
                                                                                                                                                                     Total sales of 129 prescription Kampo products
109,647
  Integrated Report 2018 53
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Net Sales
In fiscal 2018, consolidated net sales increased 2.5% year on year, to ¥117,879 million. Amidst the government’s drive to limit healthcare spending, the number of Kampo formu- lations for which sales showed year-on-year increases fell to 63. Regardless, total sales of Tsumura’s 129 prescription Kampo products edged up 2.4% year on year. Of this, sales of the five “drug fostering” program formulations increased 2.3%, to ¥30,221 million, and sales of the five “growing” formulations increased 3.1%, to ¥24,898 million.
In fiscal 2018, the total scale of the prescription Kampo product market on a monetary basis was ¥150,900 million,* and the Company’s share of this market was 83.9%.*
* Copyright ©2018 IQVIA, estimated based on “JPM Mar. 2018 MAT,” reprinted
Cost of Sales
Cost of sales rose 0.3% year on year, to ¥49,607 million, but the cost of sales ratio decreased 0.9 percentage point, to 42.1%. Reasons behind the decrease in the cost of sales ratio included reduced costs related to crude drugs and processing.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses increased 3.5% year on year, to ¥51,224 million, and the SG&A expenses margin rose 0.4 percentage point, to 43.5%, as we were unable to absorb the impacts of our failure to achieve sales targets. This margin exceeded our target by 0.5 percentage point. Among major expenses, personnel expenses were up 1.6%, to ¥30,002 million; depreciation climbed 9.4%, to ¥6,157 million; and R&D expenses decreased 0.6%, to ¥6,048 million.
with permission
Cost of Sales / Cost of Sales Ratio
¥ million
60,000
30,000
SG&A Expenses / SG&A Expenses Margin
R&D Expenses / R&D Expenses Margin
 % ¥ million
% ¥ million
%
50 60,000   50
8,000   6
5.1 6,048
4,000   3
 42.1 49,607
43.5 51,224
                25 30,000   25
 000000
   14 15 16 17 18 14 15 16 17 18
14 15 16 17 18
R&D expenses
R&D expenses margin (right scale)
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent / ROE
Cost of sales Cost of sales ratio (right scale) SG&A expenses
SG&A expenses margin (right scale)
 Factors behind Increase / Decrease of Operating Profit
¥ million
30,000
15,000
FY2017 Operating Profit 15,983
Sales Increase
2,924
Sales Cost Increase
(149)
SG&A Expense Increase (1,708)
FY2018 Operating Profit 17,050
¥ million
20,000
10,000
14,504
8.3
%
30
15
               000 14 15 16 17 18
Profit attributable to owners of parent ROE (right scale)
  54 TSUMURA & CO.
 
  ¥ in millions
Personnel expenses Depreciation
Sales promotion expenses Advertising costs
R&D expenses
Operating Profit
FY2017
¥29,535 5,629 3,920 710 6,087
FY2018
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Profit attributable to owners of parent grew 16.1% year on year, to ¥14,504 million. This percent increase in this item exceeded the figure for the operating profit margin as a result of recording gain on sales of investment securities of ¥1,498 million and subsidy income of ¥1,000 million under extraordinary income.
Following an increase in capital through a third-party allotment conducted in fiscal 2018, the number of shares of common stock on March 31, 2018, rose to 76,758 thousand, 5,986 thousand higher than a year earlier. As a result, profit attributable to owners of parent per share increased ¥21.09, to ¥200.55.
 ¥30,002
6,157
4,075
871
6,048
      Operating profit increased 6.7% year on year, to ¥17,050 million, while the operating profit margin rose 0.6 percent- age point, to 14.5%.
Ordinary Profit
Ordinary profit was up 9.2%, to ¥17,914 million, while foreign exchange losses decreased to ¥25 million from ¥381 million in the previous fiscal year.
 Cash Flows
¥ million 60,000
30,000
0
50,305
   21,066
(23,354) 14 15 16 17 18
 –30,000
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
0
  Changes in Cash Flows
45,000
¥ million
90,000
    Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Profit before income taxes
Depreciation
Other
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of short-term and long-term investment securities Proceeds from sales and redemption of short-term and long-term investment securities Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Other
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Proceeds from issuance of common shares
Proceeds from sales of treasury shares
Cash dividends paid
Other
Other
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
29,901
   Cash flows from operating activities
+¥21,066 million
Cash flows from investing activities
–¥23,354 million
Cash flows from financing activities
+¥50,305 million
                                                         78,313
  Integrated Report 2018 55
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
CASH FLOWS
¥ in millions
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
FY2017
¥ 21,065 (6,451) (9,572)
29,901
FY2018
As a result, the balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal year under review was ¥78,313 million, up ¥48,412 million year on year.
  ¥ 21,066
(23,354)
50,305
78,313
    BALANCE SHEET
¥ in millions
Total assets
Total liabilities Interest-bearing debt* Total net assets
* Interest-bearing debt includes lease obligations
Assets
As of March 31, 2018
 As of March 31, 2017
   ¥293,701
97,168
64,876
196,533
    Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to ¥21,066 million, relatively unchanged year on year. This outcome was a result of a decrease in inventories of ¥2,144 million and an increase in profit before income taxes of ¥3,099 million being counterbalanced by higher working capital stemming from an increase in notes and accounts receivable–trade and a decrease in notes and accounts payable–trade.
Net cash used in investing activities amounted to ¥23,354 million, an increase of ¥16,902 million year on year. Although there was a rise in inflows from proceeds from sales and redemption of short-term and long-term investment securities, this rise was greatly outweighed by higher outflows for purchase of short-term and long-term investment securities and payments into time deposits.
Net cash provided by financing activities amounted to ¥50,305 million, compared with net cash used in financing activities of ¥9,572 million in the previous fiscal year. This outcome can be attributed to proceeds from issuance of bonds and proceeds from issuance of common shares.
¥222,008 64,611 37,088 157,397
  Total Assets / ROA
¥ million
400,000
200,000
%
Interest-Bearing Debt / Equity Ratio
¥ million
%
Net Assets / Equity Ratio
¥ million
240,000
120,000
%
80
196,533 65.9
40
On March 31, 2018, current assets stood at ¥192,401 mil- lion, up ¥57,722 million from a year earlier. This increase was a reflection of higher cash and deposits and securi- ties, which counteracted a decrease in work in process. At the same time, non-current assets increased ¥13,970 million, coming to ¥101,300 million on March 31, 2018, as property, plant and equipment rose in conjunction with capital investments.
As a result of the above, total assets amounted to ¥293,701 million on March 31, 2018, an increase of ¥71,692 million from the previous fiscal year-end.
       293,701
6.6
20
10
80,000   80
64,876 65.9
40,000   40
              000000
   14 15 16 17 18 14 15 16 17 18 14 15 16 17 18
Total assets ROA (right scale) Interest-bearing debt Equity ratio (right scale) Net assets Equity ratio (right scale)
56 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 Liabilities
Current liabilities rose ¥16,882 million compared with
the previous fiscal year-end, to ¥48,766 million. This increase was attributable to a rise in current portion of long-term loans payable, which offset decreases in notes and accounts payable–trade and short-term loans payable. Non-current liabilities increased ¥15,674 million, to ¥48,402 million, primarily due to the issuance of new bonds. Interest-bearing debt was up ¥27,787 million, to ¥64,876 million.
Consequently, total liabilities at the end of the fiscal year under review increased ¥32,556 million from the previous fiscal year-end, to ¥97,168 million.
Net Assets
Total net assets amounted to ¥196,533 million at the fiscal year-end, climbing ¥39,135 million from a year earlier. This increase was a result of the issuance of new shares and disposal of treasury shares by way of third-party allotment.
NON-FINANCIAL CAPITAL
Human Capital
Tsumura views human capital as one of the most impor- tant forms of non-financial capital. Based on this belief, we have defined three elements of our Vision for 2021 long- term business vision: (1) The “Kampo” Company, (2) The “People” Company, and (3) The “Global Niche” Company.
On March 31, 2018, the Company had 3,453 employees on a consolidated basis, 854 of whom were employees of overseas Group companies. To achieve our vision of making Tsumura “The ‘People’ Company,” we provide various training programs to employees working at domestic bases while giving employees at overseas bases the opportunity to undergo training similar to that conducted in Japan. Furthermore, we believe that the diversity of human resources energizes the organization and thus serves as a driving force behind growth. Accordingly, we seek to foster diversity by promoting female employees to management roles and selecting officers and managers at overseas Group companies from among locally hired staff.
 Number of Employees
People
4,000
2,000
Number of Foreign Executive Officers of the Group
  3,453
People
10
5
                00
4
14 15 16 17 18
  09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
Integrated Report 2018 57
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Social and Relationship Capital
Tsumura’s business is prefaced on the trust of the medical practitioners and patients who use its Kampo products. Moreover, the Company’s business model only works because of our relationships with various stakeholders on each link of the Kampo value chain. For example, the production and procurement of crude drugs are supported by trust-based business relationships with production companies and crude drug production associations in China and Japan as well as with the producers who are members of these associations. Similarly, given that scientific evidence is crucial to expanding Kampo medi- cines market, our partners in advancing fundamental and clinical research—research and educational institutions and our network of medical practitioners—are indispensable.
Natural Capital
The raw materials for Kampo medicines are crude drugs derived mainly from plants. In fiscal 2018, the total amount of raw material crude drugs used was 12,371 tons, 124 tons less than in the previous fiscal year. Seeking to ensure a sustainable supply of crude drugs in light of projected growth in Kampo product demand, Tsumura strives to preserve the biodiversity of crude drug producing regions while also protecting and nurturing crude drugs that are grown in the wild and advancing research on their cultivation.
Raw Material Crude Drugs Dividends per Share / Dividend Payout Ratio
DIVIDEND POLICY
FY2017 FY2018 ROE 8.1%
ROA 7.2 Equity ratio 69.7 Debt-to-equity ratio (times) 0.24 Dividend payout ratio 35.7
Financial Indicators
Emphasizing shareholder value, Tsumura’s management has positioned return on equity (ROE) as a key perfor- mance indicator. In fiscal 2018, shareholders’ equity rose following the issuance of new shares and disposal of treasury shares by way of third-party allotment. However, profit attributable to owners of parent also increased. As a result, ROE was up 0.2 percentage point year on year, to 8.3%. Return on assets (ROA), meanwhile, decreased 0.6 percentage point, to 6.6%, due to a rise in liabilities stem- ming from the issuance of bonds. The equity ratio declined 3.8 percentage points year on year, to 65.9%.
 %
 8.3%
6.6
65.9
0.34
31.9
       Ton ¥ %
14,000
7,000
12,371
80
40
50
25
    64.0 31.9
          000 14 15 16 17 18 14 15 16 17 18
Dividends per share
Dividend payout ratio (right scale)
  58 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 Shareholder Returns
Tsumura’s basic policy on shareholder returns is to pursue increased corporate value through business in- vestments and growth strategies for furthering the ongoing development of Kampo medicine. At the same time, Tsumura places importance on returning profits to shareholders. For that reason, the Company’s policy is to
Stock price (As of March 31 each year) ¥2,485 ¥2,550 ¥2,715 Total annual dividend (Years ended March 31) ¥23.0 ¥34.0 ¥46.0
issue stable dividend payments after taking into consider- ation medium-to-long-term earnings levels and cash flow trends. Based on this policy, Tsumura paid a total annual dividend of ¥64.0 per share in fiscal 2018, the same as in fiscal 2017, and the consolidated dividend payout ratio was 31.9%.
 2008
 2009
 2010
 2011
 2012
 2013
 2014
 2015
 2016
 2017
 2018
  ¥2,610 ¥2,391 ¥3,475 ¥2,480 ¥58.0 ¥60.0 ¥62.0 ¥64.0
¥2,971 ¥2,702 ¥64.0 ¥64.0
¥3,490 ¥64.0
¥3,655 ¥64.0
                        PERFORMANCE FORECASTS
FOR FISCAL 2019
In fiscal 2019, net sales are forecast to increase 2.2% year on year, to ¥120,500 million, as a result of ongoing growth in prescription Kampo product sales. In addition, operating profit is projected to rise 2.6%, to ¥17,500 million, and ordinary profit is slated to increase 0.5%, to ¥18,000 million. Profit attributable to owners of parent, meanwhile, is expected to decline 11.8%, to ¥12,800 million, as a result of the absence of the ¥2,509 million in extraordinary income recorded in fiscal 2018.
Stock Price
¥ in millions, except ratios Net sales
Operating profit Operating profit margin Ordinary profit
Profit attributable to owners of parent
FY2019 (Forecast)
     00
¥120,500
17,500
14.5%
18,000
12,800
+2.2 +2.6 +0.0 pt. +0.5
(11.8)
    ¥¥
5,000   25,000 4,000   20,000 3,000   15,000 2,000   10,000 1,000   5,000
 Apr. 14 Apr. 15 Apr. 16 Apr. 17 Apr. 18
TSUMURA Nikkei 225 (right scale)
YoY change (%)
Integrated Report 2018 59
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Consolidated Balance Sheets
TSUMURA & CO. and consolidated subsidiaries March 31, 2017 and 2018
Assets
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable–trade Securities
Merchandise and finished goods Work in process
Raw materials and supplies
Deferred tax assets
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures (Note 4 (d)) Machinery, equipment and vehicles (Note 4 (d)) Tools, furniture and fixtures (Note 4 (d))
Land (Note 4 (a))
Construction in progress
Other
Accumulated depreciation
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets Investments and other assets
Investment securities (Note 4 (b)) Net defined benefit asset Deferred tax assets
Other (Note 4 (b))
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investment and other assets Total non-current assets
Total assets
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands (Note 3)
    2018 2018
  ¥ 83,520 $ 786,144
42,906 403,859
3,500 32,944
8,008 75,376
12,797 120,453
29,188 274,736
1,512 14,231
10,971 103,266
(4) (37)
  192,401 1,811,003
  64,778 609,732
50,559 475,894
10,502 98,851
9,052 85,203
11,879 111,812
334 3,143
(75,776) (713,253)
  71,329 671,394
  526 4,951
14,179 133,461
1,908 17,959
36 338
13,319 125,367
(0) (0)
  29,443 277,136
  101,300 953,501
  ¥293,701 $2,764,504
       ¥
2017
29,931 40,347 – 8,122 14,547 29,467 1,325 10,941
(4) 134,679
64,429 47,920 10,139
9,052 3,880 308
(71,044) 64,686
266
17,530 1,058 43 3,743
(0) 22,376 87,329 ¥222,008
                60 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable–trade Short-term loans payable
Current portion of long-term loans payable Accounts payable–other
Income taxes payable Provision for sales returns Other
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable
Long-term loans payable
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation (Note 4 (a)) Net defined benefit liability
Other
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets Shareholders’ equity
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Revaluation reserve for land (Note 4 (a))
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
2017
¥6,696 12,581 – 6,020 1,901 13 4,670 31,883
– 24,376 1,733 1,179 84 5,353 32,727 64,611
19,487 1,940 129,937
(5,393) 145,972
3,845 925 2,673 1,470
(102) 8,811 2,613
157,397 ¥222,008
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands (Note 3)
    2018 2018
  ¥5,507 $51,835
10,314 97,082
15,000 141,189
7,823 73,635
3,538 33,301
10 94
6,573 61,869
  48,766 459,017
  30,000 282,379
9,376 88,253
2,210 20,801
1,179 11,097
88 828
5,547 52,211
  48,402 455,591
  97,168 914,608
  30,142 283,716
14,027 132,031
140,040 1,318,147
(814) (7,661)
  183,396 1,726,242
  4,748 44,691
323 3,040
2,673 25,160
2,301 21,658
157 1,477
  10,203 96,037
  2,933 27,607
  196,533 1,849,896
  ¥293,701 $2,764,504
                              Integrated Report 2018 61
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Consolidated Statements of Income
TSUMURA & CO. and consolidated subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands (Note 3)
    2018 2018
  ¥117,879 $1,109,553
49,607 466,933
  68,272 642,620
3 28
  68,275 642,648
  51,224 482,153
  17,050 160,485
  166 1,562
382 3,595
324 3,049
498 4,687
  1,371 12,904
  190 1,788
143 1,346
108 1,016
25 235
39 367
  507 4,772
  17,914 168,618
  10 94
1,498 14,100
1,000 9,412
  2,509 23,616
  13 122
60 564
––
66 621
  140 1,317
  20,284 190,926
  5,440 51,204
49 461
  5,489 51,666
  14,794 139,250
  289 2,720
  ¥14,504 $136,521
   Net sales ¥114,954 Cost of sales (Note 5 (a)) 49,457 Gross profit before provision for sales returns 65,496 Reversal of provision for sales returns 3 Gross profit 65,499 Selling, general and administrative expenses (Notes 5 (b) and (c)) 49,516 Operating profit 15,983 Non-operating income
Interest income 64 Dividend income 385 Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method 31 Other 481 Total non-operating income 962
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses 144 Bond issuance cost – Share issuance cost – Foreign exchange losses 381 Other 20 Total non-operating expenses 546
Ordinary profit 16,399 Extraordinary income
Gain on sales of non-current assets (Note 5 (d)) 3 Gain on sales of investment securities 873 Subsidy income (Note 5 (e)) – Total extraordinary income 876
Extraordinary losses
Loss on sales of non-current assets (Note 5 (f)) 43 Loss on retirement of non-current assets (Note 5 (g)) 40 Loss on disaster (Note 5 (h)) 7 Environmental expenses (Note 5 (i)) – Total extraordinary losses 92
Profit before income taxes 17,184 Income taxes–current 4,342 Income taxes–deferred 103 Total income taxes 4,446 Profit 12,738 Profit attributable to non-controlling interests 249 Profit attributable to owners of parent ¥12,488 See notes to consolidated financial statements.
2017
                                           Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
TSUMURA & CO. and consolidated subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
2017
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands (Note 3)
  2018
 2018
 ¥14,794
 $139,250
902
8,490
(601)
(5,657)
–
–
902
8,490
260
2,447
13
122
 1,477
  13,902
 ¥16,271
$153,153
  ¥15,896
$149,623
374
 3,520
     Profit ¥12,738 Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities 9 Deferred gains or losses on hedges 445 Revaluation reserve for land 159 Foreign currency translation adjustment (2,342) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax 383 Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of
entities accounted for using equity method (49) Total other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 6) (1,393)
Comprehensive income ¥11,344 Comprehensive income attributable to
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent ¥11,408
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests (64) See notes to consolidated financial statements.
        62 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
TSUMURA & CO. and consolidated subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
Balance at April 1, 2016
Changes of items during period Dividends of surplus (Note 7 (d)) Profit attributable to owners of parent Change of scope of consolidation Increase by merger
Purchase of treasury shares
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity Total changes of items during period
Balance at March 31, 2017
¥ in millions Shareholders’ equity
          Capital stock ¥19,487
– ¥19,487
Retained Capital surplus earnings
¥1,940 ¥122,047
(4,476) 12,488
(150) 27
– 7,889 ¥1,940 ¥129,937
Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
¥143,084
(4,476) 12,488
(150) 27
(5,001)
2,888 ¥145,972 ¥ in millions
Total net assets
¥155,702
(4,476) 12,488
(150) 27
(5,001)
(1,193) 1,694 ¥157,397
      ¥
(392)
      (5,001)
                          Accumulated other comprehensive income
(5,001) ¥(5,393)
Non-controlling interests
¥2,726
(113)
(113) ¥2,613
      Valuation difference on available-for- sale securities
¥3,835
9
9 ¥3,845
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
¥479
445
445 ¥925
Revaluation reserve for land
¥2,513
159
159 ¥2,673
Foreign currency translation adjustment
¥3,549
(2,078)
(2,078) ¥ 1,470
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
¥(485)
383
383 ¥(102)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥9,891
(1,080)
(1,080) ¥ 8,811
         Balance at April 1, 2016
Changes of items during period Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent Change of scope of consolidation Increase by merger
Purchase of treasury shares
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period
Balance at March 31, 2017
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
                                    Integrated Report 2018 63
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
¥ in millions Shareholders’ equity
                Balance at April 1, 2017
Changes of items during period Issuance of new shares
Dividends of surplus (Note 7 (d)) Profit attributable to owners of parent Purchase of treasury shares Disposal of treasury shares
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity Total changes of items during period
Balance at March 31, 2018
Capital stock ¥19,487
Capital surplus ¥ 1,940
Retained earnings
¥129,937
Treasury shares
¥(5,393)
Total shareholders’ equity
¥145,972
¥ in millions
Total net assets
¥157,397
      10,654
10,654
21,309
(4,402)
(4,402)
14,504
14,504
(1)
(1)
1,432
4,580
6,012
     10,654
 12,087
 10,102
 4,579
 37,423
 ¥30,142
 ¥14,027
 ¥140,040
 ¥ (814)
 ¥183,396
             Accumulated other comprehensive income
               Balance at April 1, 2017
Changes of items during period Issuance of new shares
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent Purchase of treasury shares Disposal of treasury shares
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period
Balance at March 31, 2018
Balance at April 1, 2017
Changes of items during period Issuance of new shares
Dividends of surplus (Note 7 (d)) Profit attributable to owners of parent Purchase of treasury shares Disposal of treasury shares
Valuation difference on available-for- sale securities
¥3,845
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
¥ 925
Revaluation reserve for land
¥2,673
Foreign currency translation adjustment
¥1,470
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
¥(102)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥ 8,811
Non-controlling interests
¥2,613
         21,309
(4,402)
14,504
(1)
6,012
902
(601)
–
830
260
1,392
319
1,712
 902
  (601)
  –
  830
  260
  1,392
  319
  39,135
 ¥4,748
 ¥ 323
 ¥2,673
 ¥2,301
 ¥ 157
 ¥10,203
 ¥2,933
 ¥196,533
               Capital stock $183,424
Capital surplus $ 18,260
Retained earnings
$1,223,051
US$ in thousands (Note 3) Shareholders’ equity
Total Treasury shareholders’ shares equity
$(50,762) $1,373,983
US$ in thousands (Note 3)
            100,282
100,282
200,574
(41,434)
(41,434)
136,521
136,521
(9)
(9)
13,478
43,109
56,588
     100,282
 113,770
 95,086
 43,100
 352,249
 $283,716
 $132,031
 $1,318,147
 $ (7,661)
 $1,726,242
  Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity Total changes of items during period
Balance at March 31, 2018
           Accumulated other comprehensive income
      Valuation difference on available-for- sale securities
$36,191
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
$ 8,706
Revaluation reserve for land
$25,160
Foreign currency translation adjustment
$13,836
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
$ (960)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
$82,934
Non-controlling interests
$24,595
Total net assets
$1,481,522
         Balance at April 1, 2017
Changes of items during period Issuance of new shares
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent Purchase of treasury shares Disposal of treasury shares
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period
Balance at March 31, 2018
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
         200,574
(41,434)
136,521
(9)
56,588
8,490
(5,657)
–
7,812
2,447
13,102
3,002
16,114
 8,490
  (5,657)
  –
  7,812
  2,447
  13,102
  3,002
  368,364
 $44,691
 $ 3,040
 $25,160
 $21,658
 $1,477
 $96,037
 $27,607
 $1,849,896
     64 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
TSUMURA & CO. and consolidated subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
¥ in millions
2017 2018
¥17,184 ¥ 20,284 5,629 6,157 (2) 0
(449) (548) 144 190 – 143 – 108
(31) (324) 82 74
1,465 (2,529) (1,123) 2,566
1,255 (1,304) (873) (1,498) (281) (422)
(89) (47) 3,272 1,715 26,182 24,565 470 537
(142) (161) (5,444) (3,875)
21,065 21,066 (8,211) (10,463)
29 19 (88) (318) (18) (13,510)
1,874 16,154 (238) –
(3) (4) 4 4
(34) (21,569) 36 6,383 197 (49)
(6,451) (23,354) – (2,267)
– 29,856
– 21,201 (5,001) (1)
– 6,012 (4,478) (4,404) (49) (49) (43) (43)
(9,572) 50,305 (588) 394 4,453 48,412 25,128 29,901 290 –
28 – ¥29,901 ¥ 78,313
US$ in thousands (Note 3)
2018
$ 190,926 57,953 0
(5,158) 1,788 1,346 1,016 (3,049)
696 (23,804)
24,152 (12,274) (14,100)
(3,972) (442)
16,142 231,221 5,054
(1,515) (36,474)
198,286
(98,484) 178
(2,993) (127,164)
152,051 –
(37) 37
(203,021) 60,080
(461) (219,823)
(21,338) 281,024 199,557
(9) 56,588
(41,453) (461) (404)
473,503 3,708 455,685 281,447 –
– 737,132
            Profit before income taxes
Depreciation
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Bond issuance cost
Share issuance cost
Share of (profit) loss
Loss (gain) on sales
Decrease (increase)
Decrease (increase)
Increase (decrease)
Loss (gain) on sales
Decrease (increase)
Increase (decrease)
Other
Subtotal
Interest and dividend income received
Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by operating activities
of entities accounted for using equity method and retirement of property, plant and equipment in notes and accounts receivable–trade
in inventories
in notes and accounts payable–trade
of short-term and long-term investment securities in net defined benefit asset
in net defined benefit liability
                Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of short-term and long-term investment securities Proceeds from sales and redemption of short-term and long-term
investment securities
Payments for investments in capital of subsidiaries and affiliates Payments of loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Other
Net cash used in investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Decrease in short-term loans payable Proceeds from issuance of bonds Proceeds from issuance of common shares Purchase of treasury shares
Proceeds from sales of treasury shares Cash dividends paid
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests Other
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Increase in cash and cash equivalents from newly consolidated subsidiary Increase in cash and cash equivalents resulting from merger with
unconsolidated subsidiaries
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period (Note 8) See notes to consolidated financial statements.
$
                                Integrated Report 2018 65
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
TSUMURA & CO. and consolidated subsidiaries March 31, 2017 and 2018
1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(a) Basis of presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of TSUMURA & CO. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (collec- tively, the “Group”) are prepared on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, which are different in cer- tain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards, and are compiled from the consolidated financial statements prepared by the Company as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (the “FIEA”).
As permitted by the FIEA, amounts of less than one million yen have been omitted. As a result, the totals shown in the ac- companying consolidated financial statements (both in yen and in U.S. dollars) do not necessarily agree with the sums of the individual amounts.
Certain amounts in the prior year’s financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.
(b) Consolidation
(2) Equity method
1) Number of affiliates accounted for using the equity method:one • SICHUAN CHUANCUN TRADITIONAL CHINESE MEDICINES
CO., LTD.
2) Name of major non-consolidated companies and affiliates not
accounted for using the equity method
• LAO TSUMURA CO., LTD. and two other companies
3) Reason for excluding non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates from the scope of equity method accounting
The Company excluded the three non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates from the scope of equity method accounting since each of them is small in size and its assets, sales, and profit
(for the holding interest) and retained earnings (for the holding interest) are insignificant to the Company’s consolidated finan- cial statements, and the impact is insignificant as a whole.
4) Special notes to application of equity method accounting When the fiscal year-end of a company accounted for using
the equity method is not consistent to that of the Company, the financial statements of the company as of its own balance sheet date is used.
(c) Fiscal year-end of consolidated subsidiaries
Of consolidated subsidiaries, SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO., LTD., SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD., Tsumura China Inc., and TSUMURA USA, INC. have fiscal years ending on December 31. Their financial statements as of December 31 are used for consolidation. The Company makes necessary adjustments on consolidation if there are any signifi- cant transactions during the intervening period.
(d) Accounting policies
(1) Basis and method to measure significant assets 1) Securities
Available-for-sale securities
With readily determinable market value
Stated at fair value based on market quotes as of the bal- ance sheet date.
Any changes in unrealized holding gain or loss are included in net assets. The cost of securities sold is principally com- puted based on the moving-average method.
Without readily determinable market value
Stated at cost determined by the moving-average method.
2) Inventories
Stated at the lower of cost determined principally by the average- cost method or net selling value.
3) Derivatives
Stated at fair value.
(2) Depreciation methods of significant depreciable assets
(1) Scope of consolidation
1) Number of consolidated subsidiaries:
six (of which, four companies are located overseas) for the year ended March
31, 2018
Names of consolidated subsidiaries:
• LOGITEM TSUMURA CO., LTD.
• TSUMURA USA, INC.
• SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO., LTD.
• SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD.
• YUBARI TSUMURA CO., LTD.
• Tsumura China Inc.
Effective from the year ended March 31, 2018, the Company included Tsumura China Inc., which was previously a non- consolidated subsidiary, in the scope of consolidation upon the completion of investment.
2) Name of major non-consolidated subsidiaries:
• LAO TSUMURA CO., LTD. and another company
3) Reason for excluding non-consolidated subsidiaries from the scope of consolidation
The Company excluded these two non-consolidated subsidiaries from the scope of consolidation since each of them is small in size and its assets, sales, and profit (for the holding interest) and retained earnings (for the holding interest) are insignificant to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
66 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 1) Property, plant and equipment, excluding leased assets Straight-line method
The estimated useful lives of the major depreciable assets are as follows:
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into yen at the rates in effect at the consolidated balance sheet date, and the resulting exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss.
Assets, liabilities, profit and loss of overseas consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates are translated into yen at the spot rates as of the balance sheet date. Foreign exchange gains and loss- es arising from the translation are credited or charged to foreign currency translation adjustment and non-controlling interests under net assets.
(7) Significant hedge accounting
1) Hedge accounting method
The Company primarily applies deferral hedge accounting. As for forward exchange contracts, the Company applies the allocation method if requirements are met.
2) Hedging instruments and hedged items
Hedging instruments – forward exchange contracts
Hedged items – forecasted transactions denominated in foreign currencies
3) Hedge policy
As a policy, the Company hedges the foreign currency fluctua- tion risk in accordance with the internal policies and procedures.
4) Method of evaluating hedge effectiveness
The Company omits the evaluation of hedge effectiveness since the allocation method is applied for all hedging transactions.
(8) Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of cash flows consist of cash on hand, demand deposits, and short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less from acquisition date that are readily convertible and with mini- mum risk of price fluctuations.
(9) Other significant matters for the preparation of the consol- idated financial statements
1) Accounting for consumption taxes
Transactions subject to consumption taxes are recorded at amounts exclusive of consumption taxes. Consumption taxes paid by the Group on the purchases of goods and services that are not deductible under the consumption tax law are expensed as incurred.
2) Consolidated taxation system
The Company has applied the consolidated taxation system.
Buildings and structures Machinery, equipment and vehicles
3 to 65 years 3 to 8 years
2) Intangible assets, excluding leased assets
Straight-line method
Cost of software purchased for internal use is amortized by the straight-line method over the internal useful life of five years.
3) Leased assets
Leased assets under finance lease transactions that do not transfer ownership to the lessee are depreciated under the straight-line method over the lease term with no residual value.
(3) Accounting treatment of significant deferred assets Bond issuance cost and share issuance cost are charged to expenses when incurred.
(4) Basis of significant provisions
1) Allowance for doubtful accounts
The Group provides allowances for uncollectible notes and ac- counts receivable–trade at the amounts calculated based on past experience and the amounts estimated specifically on each doubtful receivable from a customer with financial difficulty.
2) Provision for sales returns
Provision for sales returns is provided for estimated losses on sales returns subsequent to the balance sheet date.
(5) Accounting treatment of retirement benefits
1) Method of attributing expected benefits
The benefit formula method is used as the method of attributing expected benefits to the current period in calculating retirement benefit obligations.
2) Treatment of actuarial gain or loss and prior service costs Actuarial gain or loss is amortized and expensed using the straight-line method over 10 years, which is within the estimated average of remaining service years of employees, from the fol- lowing year in which the gain or loss is recognized.
Prior service costs are amortized and expensed using the straight-line method over 10 years, which is within the estimated average of remaining service years of employees.
3) Application of simplified method for small-sized enterprises The Company’s consolidated subsidiaries use the simplified method in calculating net defined benefit liability and retirement benefit expenses. Under this method, the payment amount to be required at the year-end for voluntary termination is deemed as retirement benefit obligations.
(6) Translation of foreign currencies
Integrated Report 2018 67
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
2 New Accounting Standards Not Yet Applied
• ASBJ Statement No. 29, “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (issued on March 30, 2018)
• ASBJ Guidance No. 30, “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (issued on March 30, 2018)
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) in the US con- ducted a joint project to clarify the comprehensive principles for recognizing revenues and published the “Revenues from Contracts with Customers” (IFRS 15 by IASB and Topic 606 by FASB) in May 2014. IFRS 15 will be applied from a fiscal period beginning on or after January 1, 2018 and Topic 606 will be applied from a fiscal period beginning on or after December 15, 2017. Under these circumstances, ASBJ also developed a comprehensive
3 Basis of Translation
The consolidated financial statements presented herein are expressed in yen and, solely for the convenience of the reader, have been translated into U.S. dollars at ¥106.24=US$1.00,
the approximate exchange rate prevailing on the Tokyo Foreign Exchange Market on March 31, 2018. This translation should not be construed as a representation that the amounts shown could
4 Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheets
(a) Land revaluation
accounting standard for revenue recognition and published a new standard together with its implementation guidance.
As a basic policy for the development of the new standard, ASBJ determined to adopt the core principles of IFRS 15 in order to enhance comparability of financial statements, which is one of the benefits of ensuring consistency with IFRS 15. In addition, for any practical issue to be considered in Japan, ASBJ is supposed to add alternative treatment to the extent that comparability is not impaired. (2) Scheduled date of application
The Company will apply the new standard and guidance from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Effect from the application of the new accounting standard
and guidance
The effect from the application of the new accounting standard and guidance is currently under evaluation.
have been, or could in the future be, converted into U.S. dollars at that or any other rate.
Each amount in the consolidated financial statements and notes is rounded down to the nearest 1 million yen (in the case of translation into U.S. dollars, they have been rounded down to the nearest 1 thousand dollars).
The Group revalued land used for business activities in accordance with the Act on Revaluation of Land (Act No. 34, dated
March 31, 1998) and the Act on Partial Revision of the Act on Revaluation of Land (Act No. 19, dated March 31, 2001). Revaluation reserve for land, net of related deferred taxes, has been presented as a component of net assets.
• Method of revaluation
The Company applies the method to make reasonable adjustments to the value determined by the property tax value as prescribed in Paragraph 2, item 3 of the Order for Enforcement of the Act on Revaluation of Land (Act No. 119, dated March 31, 1998, hereinafter “Ordinance No.119”) and the professional appraisal value as prescribed in Paragraph 2, item 5 of Ordinance No. 119.
• Date of revaluation – March 31, 2002
  2018
  2018
 ¥(2,542)
 $(23,926)
  As of March 31,
Difference between fair value of land at the year end and
carrying value after the revaluation
(b) Investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates are as follows:
As of March 31,
Investments and other assets: Investment securities (stocks) Investments in capital
2017
¥(2,537)
2017
¥ 10 1,217
¥ in millions
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
US$ in thousands
      2018
  2018
 ¥–
$–
1,485
 13,977
       68 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 (c) Guarantee obligations
The Company guarantees bank loans made by companies other than consolidated subsidiaries.
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥1,920
$18,072
1,080
 10,165
 ¥3,000
 $28,237
  As of March 31,
Tianjin China Medico Technology Co., Ltd. China Medico Corporation
Total
(d) Reduction entry
2017
¥1,920 1,080 ¥3,000
       Reduction entry is an accounting treatment to defer taxation, which has an effect to reduce tax burden for the year when a company acquires property, plant and equipment with proceeds such as subsidies by recording loss to lower the acquisition cost. Among property, plant and equipment acquired in previous years, amounts of reduction entry due to national subsidies and the breakdown are as follows:
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥134
$1,261
89
837
1
 9
 ¥225
 $2,117
  As of March 31, 2017 Buildings and structures ¥134 Machinery, equipment and vehicles 89 Tools, furniture and fixtures 1 Total ¥225
5 Notes to the Consolidated Statements of Income
       (a) Inventories at the balance sheet date are stated at the lower of cost or net selling value. Loss on valuation of inventories included in cost of sales for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
¥ in millions US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥137
 $1,289
  2017
¥127
   (b) Major expenses included in selling, general and administrative expenses are as follows:
For the years ended March 31,
Sales promotion expenses
Sales rebates
Salaries and allowances
Research and development expenses Retirement benefit expenses
Provision of allowance for doubtful accounts
2017
¥ 3,920 9,519 17,280 6,087 1,246 0
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥ 4,075
$ 38,356
9,798
92,225
17,994
169,371
6,048
56,927
1,037
9,760
0
 0
       (c) Research and development expenses included in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of sales for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
¥ in millions US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥6,048
 $56,927
  2017
¥6,087
  (d) The breakdown of gain on sales of non-current assets is as follows:
For the years ended March 31,
Buildings and structures Machinery, equipment and vehicles Tools, furniture and fixtures
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥1
$9
6
56
2
 18
  2017
¥ – 3 0
     Integrated Report 2018 69
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
(e) Subsidy income
For the year ended March 31, 2017 Not applicable.
For the year ended March 31, 2018
The Company received a subsidy of ¥1,000 million ($9,412 thousand) for a new industrial development project from Shizuoka Prefec- ture and recognized subsidy income under extraordinary income.
(f) The breakdown of loss on sales of non-current assets is as follows:
For the years ended March 31, 2017 Machinery, equipment and vehicles ¥25 Land 18
¥ in millions
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥13
$122
–
 –
       (g) The breakdown of loss on retirement of non-current assets is as follows:
For the years ended March 31,
Buildings and structures Machinery, equipment and vehicles Tools, furniture and fixtures
(h) Loss on disaster
For the year ended March 31, 2017
Loss on disaster consisted of a ¥5 million loss on product damage incurred from the Kumamoto Earthquake and a ¥2 million loss from typhoon damage in Hokkaido.
For the year ended March 31, 2018 Not applicable.
  2018
  2018
 ¥35
$329
21
197
4
 37
  2017
¥16 19 4
(i) Environmental expenses
For the year ended March 31, 2017 Not applicable.
     70 TSUMURA & CO.
For the year ended March 31, 2018
Since an oil spill accident occurred in Takigawa Farm owned by YUBARI TSUMURA CO., LTD., the Company recognized ¥66 million (US$621 thousand) of environmental expenses under extraordinary losses including estimated costs to decontaminate the soil and to prevent damages from spreading on a reasonable basis.
 
 6 Notes to the Statements of Comprehensive Income
Reclassifications and adjustments and income tax effects attributable to other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
For the years ended March 31,
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities:
Amount arising during the year Reclassifications and adjustments
Before income tax effects
Income tax effects
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges: Amount arising during the year
Income tax effects
Deferred gains or losses on hedges Revaluation reserve for land:
Income tax effects
Revaluation reserve for land
Foreign currency translation adjustment:
Amount arising during the year
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax: Amount arising during the year
Reclassifications and adjustments
Before income tax effects
Income tax effects
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of entities accounted for using equity method
Amount arising during the year
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of entities accounted
for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
2017
¥ 877 (873)
4
5 ¥9
¥ 641 (196)
¥ 445
¥ 159 ¥ 159
¥(2,342) ¥(2,342)
¥ 256 295 552
(169) ¥ 383
¥ (49)
(49) ¥(1,393)
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
    2018 2018
  ¥ 2,802 $ 26,374
(1,498) (14,100)
  1,304 12,274
(401) (3,774)
  ¥ 902 $ 8,490
  ¥ (869) $ (8,179)
267 2,513
  ¥ (601) $ (5,657)
  ¥–$–
  ¥–$–
  ¥ 902 $ 8,490
  ¥ 902 $ 8,490
  ¥103 $969
271 2,550
  375 3,529
(114) (1,073)
  ¥ 260 $ 2,447
  ¥ 13 $ 122
  13 122
  ¥ 1,477 $ 13,902
                                    Integrated Report 2018 71
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
7 Notes to Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the year ended March 31, 2017
(a) Type and number of issued shares
Type
Common stock
(b) Type and number of treasury shares
Type
Common stock
Reason for changes in number of shares:
The major breakdown of increase is as follows:
70,771 –
247 1,741
–
–
Thousands of shares
70,771
Thousands of shares
1,989
 Beginning of the year
  Increase
  Decrease
  End of the year
         Beginning of the year
  Increase
  Decrease
  End of the year
        Increase due to acquisition of treasury shares by resolution of the Board of Directors’ meeting Increase due to purchase of shares less than one unit
1,741 thousand shares 0 thousand shares
(c) Subscription rights to shares
Not applicable.
(d) Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
Ordinary general meeting
of shareholders held on
June 29, 2016
Board of Directors’ meeting
held on November 9, 2016
Common stock Common stock
¥2,256 2,219
¥32.00 32.00
March 31, 2016 September 30, 2016
June 30, 2016 December 5, 2016
 Type of share
 Total amount of dividend (¥ in millions)
 Dividend per share (¥)
 Record date
 Effective date
              (2) Dividends whose effective date is subsequent to March 31, 2017
 Type of share
 Source of dividend
 Total amount of dividend (¥ in millions)
 Dividend per share (¥)
 Record date
 Effective date
 Resolution
Ordinary general meeting
of shareholders held on Common June 29, 2017 stock
For the year ended March 31, 2018
(a) Type and number of issued shares
Type
Common stock
Retained earnings
¥2,201
¥32.00
March 31, 2017
June 30, 2017
        Thousands of shares
 Beginning of the year
 Increase
 Decrease
 End of the year
 70,771
  5,986
  –
  76,758
     Reason for changes in number of shares:
The major breakdown of increase is as follows:
72 TSUMURA & CO.
Increase due to a third-party allotment 5,986 thousand shares
 
 (b) Type and number of treasury shares
Type
Common stock
Reason for changes in number of shares:
The major breakdown of increase is as follows:
Thousands of shares
 Beginning of the year
 Increase
 Decrease
 End of the year
  1,989
  0
  1,689
  300
     Increase due to purchase of shares less than one unit The major breakdown of decrease is as follows:
0 thousand shares Decrease due to disposal of treasury shares through a third-party allotment
1,689 thousand shares
(c) Subscription rights to shares
Not applicable.
(d) Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
Ordinary general meeting
of shareholders held
on June 29, 2017
Board of Directors’ meeting
held on November 8, 2017
Common stock Common stock
 Type of share
Type of share
Total amount of dividend (¥ in millions)
¥2,201
Source of dividend
Dividend per share (¥)
¥32.00
Total amount
of dividend (US$ in thousands)
Dividend per share (¥)
$20,717
Dividend per share (US$)
Total amount
of dividend (US$ in thousands)
$0.30
Record date
March 31, 2017
Dividend per share (US$)
Record date
Effective date
         June 30, 2017
        2,201
  (2) Dividends whose effective date is subsequent to March 31, 2018
Resolution
Ordinary general meeting
of shareholders held on Common Retained June 28, 2018 stock earnings
8 Notes to Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 Total amount of dividend (¥ in millions)
32.00
20,717
0.30
September 30, 2017
December 5, 2017
      Effective date
          ¥2,446
¥32.00
$23,023
$0.30
March 31, 2018
June 29, 2018
         The reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of cash flows at March 31, 2017 and 2018 to the accounts and amounts on the accompanying balance sheets is summarized as follows:
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥83,520
$786,144
(5,207)
 (49,011)
 ¥78,313
 $737,132
  As of March 31, 2017 Cash and deposits ¥29,931 Less: Time deposits with a maturity in excess of three months (30) Cash and cash equivalents ¥29,901
       Integrated Report 2018 73
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
9 Leases
LESSEE
(a) Finance leases
Finance lease transactions that do not transfer ownership 1) Details of leased assets
Leased assets consist of forklifts in factories.
2) Depreciation method of leased assets
Depreciation method is stated in Note 1. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, (d) Accounting policies, (2) Depreciation methods of significant depreciable assets, 3) Leased assets.”
(b) Operating leases
Future minimum lease payments for non-cancellable operating leases
As of March 31, Within one year Over one year Total
10 Financial Instruments
(a) Status of financial instruments
(1) Policy on financial instruments
The Group finances necessary funds through bank loans and issuance of bonds, considering capital investments for the phar- maceutical production and selling business. Temporary excess funds are invested in highly secure financial assets.
Derivative transactions are only utilized to hedge the following risks, and it is the Group’s policy not to enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes.
(2) Overview and risks of financial instruments and the Group’s risk management policy
Operating receivables such as notes and accounts receivable– trade are exposed to credit risk. The Group monitors the due date and balance by each customer in accordance with internal rules and ask for deposits to secure receivables depending on the customer’s credit conditions.
Investment securities mainly consist of stocks of companies with business relationships and are exposed to market fluctua- tion risk. The market value of the investment securities is regularly reported to the officer responsible for accounting and finance.
Operating payables such as notes and accounts payable– trade are due within one year. Some of the operating payables relating to imports of raw materials are denominated in foreign currencies and are therefore exposed to foreign currency fluctua- tion risk. The Group utilizes forward exchange contracts to hedge the risk.
Short-term loans payable is used to finance operating capital and are exposed to interest rate fluctuation risk.
Bonds payable and long-term loans payable are mainly used to finance capital investment, and interest rate fluctuation risk is mitigated by using fixed interest rate borrowings in large part.
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥51
$480
30
 282
 ¥81
 $762
  2017
¥ 57 47 ¥105
       74 TSUMURA & CO.
Accounts payable–other and income taxes payable are each due within one year.
The Group utilizes derivative financial instruments such as forward exchange contracts and non-deliverable forward (NDF) to hedge the foreign currency fluctuation risk of forecasted trans- actions denominated in foreign currencies. Please refer to Note 1. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, (7) Significant hedge accounting” for hedging instruments, hedged items, hedge policy and method of evaluating hedge effectiveness.
Derivative transactions are executed and monitored based on internal rules where the authorization policy is prescribed. The Group only enters into derivative transactions with highly rated financial institutions to mitigate credit risk.
Operating payables and loans are exposed to liquidity risk. The Group manages the risk by preparing the cash management plans monthly.
(3) Supplemental explanation regarding fair value of financial instruments
The contract amounts and other information regarding derivative transactions described in Note 12. “Derivatives” do not indicate market risk related to derivative transactions.
(b) Fair value of financial instruments
The following table summarizes carrying value reported on the consolidated balance sheets, fair value, and their differences. The financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to determine are not included in the table. Please see “2. The carry- ing value of financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to determine” on page 76.
 
 As of March 31, 2017
(1) Cash and deposits ¥29,931 ¥29,931 (2) Notes and accounts
receivable–trade 40,347 40,347 (3) Investment securities
Available-for-sale securities 17,423 17,423 Total assets ¥87,701 ¥87,701 (1) Notes and accounts
payable–trade ¥6,696 ¥ 6,696
¥ in millions ¥ – – –
¥ –
¥ – – – –
 Carrying value
  Fair value
  Difference
           (2) Short-term loans payable (3) Accounts payable–other (4) Income taxes payable (5) Long-term loans payable Total liabilities
12,581 12,581 6,020 6,020 1,901 1,901
24,376 24,326 ¥51,575 ¥51,526 ¥ 1,335 ¥ 1,335
(49) ¥(49) ¥–
        Derivative transactions *1
*1 A receivable or payable arisen from derivative transactions is shown in net. Net payable is shown in parentheses.
    As of March 31, 2018
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Notes and accounts
receivable–trade
(3) Securities and
investment securities
Available-for-sale securities
Total assets
(1) Notes and accounts payable–trade
(2) Short-term loans payable (3) Current portion of
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
 Carrying value
  Fair value
  Difference
  Carrying value
  Fair value
  Difference
 ¥ 83,520
¥ 83,520
¥–
$ 786,144
$ 786,144
$–
42,906
42,906
–
403,859
403,859
–
17,582
 17,582
 –
 165,493
 165,493
 –
 ¥144,008
 ¥144,008
 ¥–
 $1,355,496
 $1,355,496
 $–
 ¥ 5,507
¥ 5,507
¥–
$ 51,835
$ 51,835
$–
10,314
10,314
–
97,082
97,082
–
15,000
15,000
–
141,189
141,189
–
7,823
7,823
–
73,635
73,635
–
3,538
3,538
–
33,301
33,301
–
30,000
29,968
(32)
282,379
282,078
(301)
9,376
 9,330
 (45)
 88,253
 87,820
 (423)
 ¥ 81,558
 ¥ 81,481
 ¥(77)
 $ 767,676
 $ 766,952
 $(724)
 ¥ 465
 ¥ 465
 ¥–
 $ 4,376
 $ 4,376
 $–
      long-term loans payable
(4) Accounts payable–other
(5) Income taxes payable
(6) Bonds payable
(7) Long-term loans payable
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions *1
*1 A receivable or payable arisen from derivative transactions is shown in net. Net payable is shown in parentheses.
Notes:
1. Fair value measurement of financial instruments and matters regarding securities and derivatives
Assets
(1) Cash and deposits and (2) Notes and accounts receivable–trade
The carrying value is deemed as the fair value since these items are scheduled to be settled in a short period of time.
   (3) Securities and investment securities
The fair value of stocks is based on the quoted market prices. The fair value of bonds is based on the price provided by the counterparty financial institutions. Please refer to Note 11. “Investment Securities” for information regarding securities by holding purposes.
Liabilities
(1) Notes and accounts payable–trade, (2) Short-term loans payable, (3) Current portion of long-term loans payable, (4) Accounts payable–other, and (5) Income taxes payable The carrying value is deemed as the fair value since these items are scheduled to be settled in a short period of time.
(6) Bonds payable
The fair value of bonds payable is measured at market values.
(7) Long-term loans payable
The fair value of long-term loans payable is calculated by discounting the total of principal and interest using an assumed interest rate applicable to a similar type of new borrowings.
Derivative transactions
Please refer to Note 12. “Derivatives.”
Integrated Report 2018 75
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
2. The carrying value of financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to determine
As of March 31, 2017 Unlisted stocks ¥107
¥ in millions US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥97
 $913
       It is extremely difficult to determine the fair value of the above unlisted stocks since no market quote is available. Thus, these amounts are not included in “(3) Securities and invest- ment securities” above.
3. The redemption schedule of monetary assets and securities with maturity dates As of March 31, 2017
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable–trade Total
As of March 31, 2018
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable–trade
Securities and investment securities:
Available-for-sale securities with maturity dates (Jointly operated designated money trust) Total
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable–trade
Securities and investment securities:
Available-for-sale securities with maturity dates (Jointly operated designated money trust) Total
¥29,910 40,347 ¥70,258
¥ in millions
¥– ¥– ¥– – – – ¥– ¥– ¥–
¥ in millions
US$in thousands
 Within one year
  Over one year within five years
  Over five years within 10 years
  Over 10 years
              Within one year
 Over one year within five years
 Over five years within 10 years
 Over 10 years
 ¥ 83,501
 ¥–
 ¥–
 ¥–
42,906
–
–
–
3,500
 –
 –
 –
 ¥129,907
 ¥–
 ¥–
 ¥–
       Within one year
 Over one year within five years
 Over five years within 10 years
 Over 10 years
 $ 785,965
 $–
 $–
 $–
403,859
–
–
–
32,944
 –
 –
 –
 $1,222,769
 $–
 $–
 $–
      4. The aggregate annual maturities of bonds payable, long-term loans payable, lease obligations, and other interest-bearing debt subsequent to the fiscal year-end As of March 31, 2017
 Within one year
  Over one year within two years
  Over two years within three years
  Over three years within four years
  Over four years within five years
  Over five years
   Short-term loans payable Long-term loans payable Lease obligations
Total
As of March 31, 2018
Short-term loans payable Bonds payable Long-term loans payable Lease obligations
Total
Short-term loans payable Bonds payable Long-term loans payable Lease obligations
Total
¥ in millions
¥12,581 ¥– ¥– ¥– ¥– ¥– – 15,000 – – 9,376 – 34 25 23 19 13 14
       ¥12,615 ¥15,025
¥23 ¥19
¥9,389 ¥14
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
        Within one year
 Over one year within two years
 Over two years within three years
 Over three years within four years
 Over four years within five years
 Over five years
 ¥10,314
 ¥–
 ¥–
 ¥–
 ¥–
 ¥–
–
–
–
–
–
30,000
15,000
–
–
9,376
–
–
40
 38
 34
 27
 24
 20
 ¥25,354
 ¥38
 ¥34
 ¥9,403
 ¥24
 ¥30,020
       Within one year
 Over one year within two years
 Over two years within three years
 Over three years within four years
 Over four years within five years
 Over five years
 $ 97,082
 $–
 $–
 $–
 $–
 $–
–
–
–
–
–
282,379
141,189
–
–
88,253
–
–
376
 357
 320
 254
 225
 188
 $238,648
 $357
 $320
 $88,507
 $225
 $282,567
      76 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 11 Investment Securities
(a) Available-for-sale securities
As of March 31, 2017
Securities with book value exceeding their acquisition cost
Stocks Subtotal
Securities with book value not exceeding their acquisition cost
Stocks Subtotal
Total
(Note) Unlisted stock with carrying value of ¥97 million is not included in the table above since it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value due to no market quotes.
 Carrying value
  Acquisition cost
  Difference
   ¥17,264 ¥17,264
¥11,817 ¥11,817
¥ in millions
¥5,446 ¥5,446
¥ in millions
        ¥ 158 ¥ 158 ¥17,423
¥ 169 ¥ 169 ¥11,987
¥ (11) ¥ (11) ¥5,435
            As of March 31, 2018
Securities with book value exceeding their acquisition cost
Stocks Subtotal
Securities with book value not exceeding their acquisition cost
Stocks
Jointly operated
designated money trust
Subtotal Total
US$ in thousands
 Carrying value
  Acquisition cost
  Difference
  Carrying value
  Acquisition cost
  Difference
 ¥13,825
 ¥ 7,062
 ¥6,763
 $130,129
 $ 66,472
 $63,657
 ¥13,825
 ¥ 7,062
 ¥6,763
 $130,129
 $ 66,472
 $63,657
 ¥ 256
 ¥ 280
 ¥ (23)
 $ 2,409
 $ 2,635
 $ (216)
 3,500
3,500
–
32,944
32,944
–
 ¥ 3,756
  ¥ 3,780
  ¥ (23)
  $ 35,353
  $ 35,579
  $ (216)
 ¥17,582
 ¥10,842
 ¥6,739
 $165,493
 $102,051
 $63,431
          (Note) Unlisted stock with carrying value of ¥97 million (US$913 thousand) is not included in the table above since it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value due to no market quotes.
(b) Available-for-sale securities sold during the year
For the year ended March 31, 2017
¥ in millions
 Proceeds from sales
  Gain on sale
  Loss on sale
   Stocks ¥1,874 ¥873 ¥– Total ¥1,874 ¥873 ¥–
        For the year ended March 31, 2018
Stocks Total
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
 Proceeds from sales
 Gain on sale
 Loss on sale
 Proceeds from sales
 Gain on sale
 Loss on sale
 ¥6,154
 ¥1,498
 ¥–
 $57,925
 $14,100
 $–
 ¥6,154
  ¥1,498
  ¥–
  $57,925
  $14,100
  $–
      Integrated Report 2018 77
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
12 Derivatives
(a) Derivatives transactions for which hedge accounting has not been applied
Not applicable.
(b) Derivatives transactions for which hedge accounting has been applied
Currency-related
As of March 31, 2017
   Hedge accounting method
Allocation method
¥ in millions Fair value
¥1,402 (12)
(54) ¥1,335
¥ in millions Fair value
Contract amount over one year
¥5,104 4,843
– ¥9,947
Hedge Contract
Transaction
Forward exchange
contracts
Buy-USD
Buy-CNY
Non-deliverable currencies
forward contracts
(NDF)
Buy-CNY 4,917
Hedged item
Contract amount
      Forecast transactions denominated in foreign
¥17,270 12,219
          Total ¥34,407
Fair value is based on quotes obtained from counterparty financial institutions.
As of March 31, 2018
            accounting method
Allocation method
Contract amount
amount over one year
Contract amount
US$ in thousands Contract
Transaction
Forward exchange contracts Buy-USD Buy-CNY Non-deliverable forward contracts (NDF)
Buy-CNY
Hedged item
Forecast transactions denominated in foreign currencies
amount over one year
Fair value
 ¥14,743
 ¥2,049
 ¥ (20)
 $138,770
 $19,286
 $ (188)
11,233
 2,717
 725
 105,732
 25,574
 6,824
 8,673
–
(239)
81,635
–
(2,249)
 ¥34,650
  ¥4,767
  ¥ 465
  $326,148
  $44,870
  $ 4,376
         Total
Fair value is based on quotes obtained from counterparty financial institutions.
   13 Employees’ Retirement Benefits
(a) Outline of the retirement benefit plans adopted by the Company
The Company adopts a combination plan of a funded and un- funded defined benefit plan, defined contribution plan, and employees’ pension fund plan (multi-employer pension plan).
The Company maintains a cash-balance plan, which is a con- tract-type corporate pension plan, as a defined benefit corporate pension plan (funded). Under this plan, a hypothetical individual account balance corresponding to each participant’s funded amount and the basis of the pension amount is established. An earned interest credit based on market interest rate trends and a point allocation, which is determined by the number of service years and employee rank multiplied by a unit value of point, are accumulated in this hypothetical individual account balance.
Under the lump-sum payment plan (unfunded), employees who terminate their employment are entitled to lump-sum benefits
based on their length of service and level of compensation at the time of the termination.
The Company’s consolidated subsidiaries maintain a defined benefit corporate pension plan, defined contribution corporate pension plan, and employees’ pension fund plan (multi-employer pension plan). For the defined benefit corporate pension plan, the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries use the simplified method for the calculation of net defined benefit liability and retirement benefit expenses.
In addition, the Group may pay meritorious service awards to employees in excess of the prescribed formula.
The employees’ pension fund, in which the Group partici- pates, is a multi-employer type. Since it is difficult to reasonably calculate companies’ portion of the plan assets corresponding to its contributions, the contributions to the plan assets are recorded as retirement benefit expenses.
78 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 (b) Defined benefit plan
(1) The changes in retirement benefit obligations for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥15,942
$150,056
855
8,047
62
583
43
404
(372)
(3,501)
9
 84
 ¥16,541
 $155,694
  For the years ended March 31, 2017 Balance at beginning of year ¥15,653 Service cost 873 Interest cost 61
Actuarial gain or loss (70) Benefit paid (586) Other 10
Balance at end of year ¥15,942 (2) The changes in plan assets for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
For the years ended March 31, 2017 Balance at beginning of year ¥15,709 Expected return on plan assets 543 Actuarial gain or loss 186 Employer’s contribution 1,056
Benefit paid (583)
Other 4 Balance at end of year ¥16,917
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
         2018
  2018
 ¥16,917
$159,233
585
5,506
146
1,374
1,072
10,090
(360)
(3,388)
(0)
 (0)
 ¥18,360
 $172,816
        (3) The reconciliation between the year-end balances of retirement benefit obligations and plan assets and the amounts of asset and lia- bility related to retirement benefits on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥ 16,494
$ 155,252
(18,360)
(172,816)
 (1,866)
 (17,564)
46
 432
 (1,819)
(17,121)
 88
 828
(1,908)
 (17,959)
 ¥ (1,819)
 $ (17,121)
  For the years ended March 31,
Funded retirement benefit obligations Plan assets
Unfunded retirement benefit obligations
Net liability (asset) on the consolidated balance sheet Net defined benefit liability
Net defined benefit asset
Net liability (asset) on the consolidated balance sheet
2017
¥ 15,892 (16,917) (1,024)
50 (974)
84 (1,058) (974)
           ¥
(4) The components of retirement benefit expenses for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
  ¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥ 855
$ 8,047
62
583
(585)
(5,506)
265
2,494
6
56
29
 272
 ¥ 633
 $ 5,958
  For the years ended March 31,
Service cost
Interest cost on benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets Amortization of actuarial gain or loss Amortization of prior service cost Other
Retirement benefit expenses
2017
¥ 873 61
(543) 289 6 22 ¥ 708
       Integrated Report 2018 79
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
(5) The components of remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before income tax effect) in other comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥6
$ 56
368
 3,463
 ¥375
 $3,529
  For the years ended March 31, 2017
Prior service cost
Actuarial gain or loss 546 Total ¥552
   ¥ 6
    (6) The components of remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before income tax effect) in accumulated other comprehensive in- come as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
¥ in millions
2017
29% 33% 35%
3% 100%
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥–
$–
(250)
 (2,353)
 ¥(250)
 $(2,353)
  For the years ended March 31, Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial gain or loss Total
(7) The components of plan assets as of March 31, 2017, and 2018 are as follows: 1) The components of plan assets
For the years ended March 31,
Bonds
Stocks
General accounts Other
Total
2017
¥ 6 118 ¥125
        2018
 31%
30%
35%
4%
 100%
        2) Determination of expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is determined considering the allocation of assets and the long-term rates of return, which are expected currently and in the future, from the various components of the plan assets.
(8) The assumptions used for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
For the years ended March 31, 2017
Discount rate 0.4%
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 3.5%
(Note) The expected future salary increase rate is not presented since retirement benefit obligations are calculated without taking into account estimated future accumulated points according to the benefit formula method.
(9) Simplified method
The plan for which the simplified method is applied are not separately disclosed but included in the above tables due to their immateriality.
(c) Defined contribution plan
The required contributions to the defined contribution plan (including the multi-employer pension plan accounted for in the same way as the defined contribution plan) are ¥932 million and ¥644 million (US$6,061 thousand) for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
The following summarizes the multi-employer pension plan for which the required contributions are recorded as retirement benefit expenses:
(1) The overall funding status as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 is as follows:
 2018
 0.4%
3.5%
      ¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥549,912
$5,176,129
547,838
 5,156,607
 ¥ 2,074
 $ 19,521
  As of March 31,
Plan assets
Total of actuarial obligation and minimum actuarial reserve
Difference
(Note) The amounts in the above table are provided based on the most recently available information (as of March 31, 2016 and 2017 for fiscal 2017 and 2018, respectively).
2017
¥ (6,243)
   ¥531,916 538,160
    80 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 (2) The contribution ratios of the Company to the entire plan dur- ing the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are 3.90% and 4.03%, respectively.
(3) Supplemental information
As of March 31, 2017, the difference described in (1), ¥(6,243) million, was calculated by the sum of the balance of the unamor- tized prior service cost of ¥(34,540) million, deficient amount carry forward of ¥(21,454) million, and voluntary reserve of ¥49,751 million.
14 Stock options
Not applicable.
15 Income Taxes
As of March 31, 2018, the difference described in (1), ¥2,074 million (US$19,521 thousand), was calculated by the sum of the balance of the unamortized prior service cost of ¥(28,872) million (US$(271,762) thousand), earnings of the fund of ¥2,650 million (US$24,943 thousand), and voluntary reserve of ¥28,296 million (US$266,340 thousand).
The balance of unamortized prior service cost represents the present value of special premium income and is amortized using the straight-line method with a 15.5‰ premium ratio burdened by the employer. The remaining amortization periods are five years and zero months as of March 31, 2017.
The ratios in (2) are not equal to the actual share ratio.
(a) The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥ 27
$ 254
731
6,880
247
2,324
646
6,080
59
555
598
 5,628
 2,311
21,752
  (1,991)
(18,740)
(146)
(1,374)
(584)
(5,496)
(250)
 (2,353)
 (2,972)
 (27,974)
 ¥ (661)
 $ (6,221)
  As of March 31, Deferred tax assets:
Net defined benefit liability Accrued bonuses
Accrued business office taxes Consigned research expenses Loss on valuation of inventories Other
Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities:
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Net defined benefit asset
Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)
(Note) Net deferred tax assets and liabilities are included in the following accounts:
As of March 31,
Current assets–deferred tax assets Non-current assets–deferred tax assets Non-current liabilities–deferred tax liabilities
2017
¥ 24 697 124 604 96 611 2,159
(1,590) (410) (324) (199) (2,524)
           ¥
(365)
2017
¥ 1,325 43 (1,733)
  ¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  2018
  2018
 ¥ 1,512
$ 14,231
36
338
(2,210)
 (20,801)
       Integrated Report 2018 81
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
(b) The significant differences between the statutory tax rate and the actual effective tax rate are as follows:
 2018
 30.9%
0.4%
0.4%
(0.3)%
(2.5)%
–%
–%
(1.8)%
 27.1%
 As of March 31,
Statutory tax rate
Effect of:
Inhabitants per capita taxes
Permanent differences (non-deductible) such as entertainment expenses Permanent differences (non-taxable) such as dividend income
Tax credit for research and development expenses
Tax credit for taxation scheme to promote production facilities investment Decrease in valuation allowance
Other
Actual effective tax rate
16 Asset Retirement Obligations
Disclosure omitted due to insignificancy.
17 Segment Information
2017
30.9%
0.5%
0.3% (0.2)% (2.8)% (0.3)% (1.1)% (1.4)%
25.9%
       (Segment information)
Information by reportable segments for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 is omitted since the Group has categorized its reportable segments into a single segment, pharmaceutical products operation.
(Related information)
(1) Information by products and services
Information by products and services for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 is omitted since more than 90% of sales and services to external customers consisted of single category of product and service.
(2) Information by geographical areas
1) Sales
Information on sales by geographical area for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 is omitted since sales to external customers in Japan exceeded 90% of net sales in the consolidated statements of income.
2) Property, plant and equipment
Information on property, plant and equipment by geographical area for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 is as follows:
As of March 31, 2017
¥54,540 ¥10,145 ¥0
As of March 31, 2018
¥ in millions
¥64,686
¥ in millions
 Japan
  China
  Other
  Total
      US$ in thousands
 Japan
  China
  Other
  Total
  Japan
  China
  Other
  Total
 ¥60,371
 ¥10,957
 ¥0
 ¥71,329
 $568,251
 $103,134
 $0
 $671,394
   82 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 (3) Information on major customers
For the years ended March 31,
Sales to:
Alfresa Holdings Corporation MEDIPAL HOLDINGS CORPORATION SUZUKEN CO., LTD.
TOHO HOLDINGS CO., LTD.
(Related party information)
For the year ended March 31, 2017 Not applicable.
For the year ended March 31, 2018
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
   2018
  2018
 ¥29,852
$280,986
25,806
242,902
20,016
188,403
13,899
 130,826
  Related segment
Pharmaceutical products Pharmaceutical products Pharmaceutical products Pharmaceutical products
2017
¥28,065 25,050 19,642 14,478
       Chinese yuan in millions
Stated capital
% of voting rights (owned)
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
Account title
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
      Classification
Name of the company
Location
Type of business
Business relationship
Type of transaction
Transaction amount
Balance at the end of the year
 Major shareholder
  Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd.
  Guangdong, China
  ¥33,800
  Life insurance
  Direct 10.04 (Owned)
  Capital and business alliance (Note 2)
  Issuance of new shares (Note 1)
  ¥21,309
  $200,574
  –
  –
  –
 Disposal of treasury shares (Note 1)
 6,012
 56,588
 –
 –
 –
  Notes:
1. Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. subscribed the Company’s shares at ¥3,559.5 (US$33.50) per share upon the Company’s issuance of new shares and disposal
of treasury shares though a third-party allotment. The issue price was determined by negotiation with reference to the market price. 2. The capital and business alliance agreement has been concluded on September 22, 2017.
18 Amounts per Share
Net assets per share
Profit per share
Notes:
1. Diluted profit per share is not stated since there are no dilutive shares.
2. Basis of calculation
1) The basis of calculation of net assets per share is as follows:
As of March 31,
Total net assets
Amounts to be deducted from total net assets
[Of which, non-controlling interests]
Amounts attributable to shareholders of common stock
Number of shares outstanding at the end of the year (Shares in thousands)
2) The basis of calculation of profit per share is as follows:
As of March 31,
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Amounts not attributable to owners of parent
Amounts attributable to owners of parent related to common stock Weighted-average number of shares outstanding (Shares in thousands)
2017
¥2,250.34 179.46
2017
¥157,397 2,613 [2,613] ¥154,783 68,782
2017
¥12,488 – ¥12,488 ¥69,592
¥ in millions US$ in thousands
¥ in millions US$ in thousands
2018 2018
¥ in millions US$ in thousands
2018 2018
  2018
  2018
 ¥2,532.11
$23.83
200.55
 1.88
            ¥196,533
 $1,849,896
2,933
27,607
[2,933]
[27,607]
¥193,599
 $1,822,279
 76,457
              ¥14,504
 $136,521
–
–
¥14,504
 $136,521
 ¥72,324
        Integrated Report 2018 83
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
19 Subsequent Events
Not applicable.
20 Supplemental Information
(1) Corporate Bonds
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
    2018
  2018
 ¥15,000
$141,189
15,000
141,189
 ¥30,000
  $282,379
  Issuer
TSUMURA & CO.
TSUMURA & CO.
Redemption period 2017 May 31, 2024 ¥–
June 2, 2027 ¥– ¥–
¥ in millions
Type of issue
The 1st unsecured corporate bond with limited inter-bond pari passu clause
The 2nd unsecured corporate bond with limited inter-bond pari passu clause
(2) Short-term loans payable, long-term loans payable, and lease obligations
Issue date
June 2, 2017
Interest rate (%)
0.2 0.3
      June 2, 2017 The annual redemption schedule for five years after the balance sheet date is as follows:
      Total Note:
       Within one year
 Over one year within two years
 Over two years within three years
 Over three years within four years
 Over four years within five years
 ¥–
  ¥–
  ¥–
  ¥–
  ¥–
         2018
 2018
 ¥10,314
 $ 97,082
15,000
141,189
40
376
9,376
88,253
145
1,364
–
 –
 ¥34,876
 $328,275
  As of March 31,
Short-term loans payable
Current portion of long-term loans payable Current portion of lease obligations Long-term loans payable excluding
current portion
Average interest rates (%)
0.4 0.3 –
0.3
2017
Maturity due
– ¥12,581
–– –34
September 2021 24,376 April 2019 to
     Lease obligations excluding current portion
Other interest-bearing debt
Total –
January 2025
– –
97 –– – ¥37,088
        Notes:
1. “Average interest rate” represents the weighted-average interest rate of loans as of the balance sheet date.
2. Long-term guarantee deposited is not included above, although the amount equivalent to the interest is recognized.
3. Lease obligations on the balance sheet include the amount equivalent to the interest portion of total lease payments. Therefore, “average interest rate” of lease obligations is
not stated.
4. The annual repayment schedule of long-term loans payable and lease obligations excluding current portion for five years after the balance sheet date is as follows:
 Over one year within two years
 Over two years within three years
 Over three years within four years
 Over four years within five years
 ¥–
 ¥–
 ¥9,376
 ¥–
38
 34
 27
 24
    Long-term loans payable Lease obligations
Long-term loans payable Lease obligations
(3) Details of Asset Retirement Obligations Not Applicable.
¥ in millions
US$ in thousands
  Over one year within two years
 Over two years within three years
 Over three years within four years
 Over four years within five years
 $–
 $–
 $88,253
 $–
357
 320
 254
 225
     84 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 21 Other
Quarterly information
(Year-to-date)
Net sales (millions)
Profit before income taxes (millions)
Profit attributable to owners of parent (millions) Profit per share (yen)
(Quarterly)
Profit per share (yen)
(Year-to-date)
Net sales (thousands)
Profit before income taxes (thousands)
Profit attributable to owners of parent (thousands) Profit per share (dollar)
(Quarterly)
Profit per share (dollar)
 First quarter
  Second quarter
  Third quarter
  Fiscal year
 ¥29,068
¥58,282
¥90,911
¥117,879
 4,561
 9,238
 17,140
 20,284
 3,194
  6,614
  12,302
  14,504
 46.45
 96.16
 173.06
 200.55
         First quarter
  Second quarter
  Third quarter
  Fourth quarter
 ¥46.45
  ¥49.71
 ¥76.31
 ¥28.81
      First quarter
  Second quarter
  Third quarter
  Fiscal year
 $273,606
$548,588
$855,713
$1,109,553
 42,931
 86,954
 161,332
 190,926
 30,064
  62,255
  115,794
  136,521
 0.43
 0.46
 0.71
 0.27
         First quarter
  Second quarter
  Third quarter
  Fourth quarter
 $0.43
 $0.46
 $0.71
 $0.27
     Integrated Report 2018 85
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Independent Auditor’s Report
 86 TSUMURA & CO.
 
  Integrated Report 2018 87
 
 FINANCIAL SECTION
Corporate Data
As of March 31, 2018
Corporate Name
TSUMURA & CO.
Head Office
2-17-11, Akasaka,
Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-8521, Japan Corporate Communications Department
Founded
April 10, 1893
Incorporated
April 25, 1936
Capital Stock
¥30,142 million
Number of Employees
3,453 (Consolidated)
Closing Date of Accounts
March 31
Stock Exchange Listing
Tokyo (Stock Code: 4540)
Major Shareholders
BANK OF CHINA (HONG KONG) LIMITED-PING
AN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF CHINA, LIMITED
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 9) The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
THE BANK OF NEW YORK 133524
Employees’ Stockholding
BRIGHT RIDE LIMITED
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385632
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Notes:
Shareholder Register Agent for Common Stock in Japan
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation PO Box 29, Shin-Tokyo Post Office 137-8081
Independent Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers Aarata LLC
Authorized Common Stock
250,000,000
Issued Common Stock
76,758,362 (Including 300,382 shares of treasury stock)
Number of Shareholders
12,437
Ownership and Distribution of Shares
Japanese financial institutions ........35.38% Japanese securities firms..................0.87% Other Japanese corporations ...........9.11% Foreign institutions ..........................42.41% Japanese individuals and others* ..12.23%
* Treasury stock amounting to 300,382 shares is included in “Japanese individuals and others.”
 No. of shares (thousands)
% of equity
  7,675 10.04
5,038 6.59
4,732 6.19
3,169 4.15
2,197 2.87
1,892 2.47
1,769 2.31
1,692 2.21
1,423 1.86
1,366 1.79
                                                                                                     1. The Company holds treasury stock 300,382 shares, it is excluded from the above list of major shareholders. The % of equity above is calculated after deducting treasury stock. 2. The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., has changed its name to MUFG Bank, Ltd., as of April 1, 2018.
88 TSUMURA & CO.
 
 The Tsumura Group
(As of June 30, 2018)
Domestic Bases
TSUMURA & CO.
YUBARI TSUMURA CO., LTD.
Production, procurement, preparation and processing, and storage of raw material crude drugs in Hokkaido
Established in July 2009
Overseas Affiliates
SHENZHEN TSUMURA
MEDICINE CO., LTD.
Procurement, selection and process- ing, quality management, and storage of raw material crude drugs in China
Established in March 1991
Ping An Tsumura Inc.
Reinforcement of crude drug procure- ment systems, analysis and research centered on traditional Chinese medicines, development of traditional Chinese medicines, health foods, healthcare-related products, and other operations in China
Established in June 2018
Shizuoka Plant
Research Laboratories
LOGITEM TSUMURA CO., LTD.
Logistics operations for supporting stable product supply
Established in April 1973
SHANGHAI TSUMURA
PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD.
Production of Kampo powdered extracts in China using same equipment as that used in Japan
Established in July 2001
LAO TSUMURA CO., LTD.
Cultivation and preparation and process- ing of raw material crude drugs in Laos
Established in February 2010
Ibaraki Plant
21 branches and 69 sales offices
Ishioka Center
          Tsumura China Inc.
Regional oversight functions for Group companies in China
Established in December 2016
TSUMURA USA, INC.
Development of pharmaceutical products in the United States
Established in August 2001
TSUMURA SHENGSHI PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD.
Production of Kampo powdered extracts, traditional Chinese medical products, and traditional Chinese medicine powdered extracts in China Established in March 2018
   Integrated Report 2018 89
 
              TSUMURA & CO.
Corporate Communications Department
2-17-11, Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-8521, Japan TEL: 81-3-6361-7101
FAX: 81-3-5574-6630
The contents of this report can be viewed on Tsumura’s corporate website.
オンプロダクト-スタンドードタイプ 英語版
1C
1C
   The cover photograph shows Angelica acutiloba, an Apiaceae family plant from which the roots are used as raw material crude drugs for producing Kampo products (photograph was taken in Hokkaido).
4C
Printed in Japan
