Our Progress
Cultivation and Procurement of Raw Material Crude Drugs
 The ability to secure supplies of quality raw material crude drugs is imperative to the manufacture of Kampo products.
Tsumura sources roughly 80% of the raw material crude drugs used in its Kampo products from China, approximately 15% from Japan, and around 5% from Laos, among other countries. We have developed and are enacting a medium-tolong-term, plan designed to guarantee our ability to stably procure crude drugs of the required quality. Based on longterm, Kampo product demand projections, this plan targets the expansion of crude drug production sites in Japan and overseas and the augmentation of our capabilities in relation to preparation and processing, selection and processing,*
and quality management. The recent rise in crude drug prices is having a heavy impact on the Company’s earnings. For this reason, controlling procurement costs is a matter of urgency. Measures for addressing this task are centered on the expansion of Cultivated Land under Own Management.
At the same time, Tsumura recognizes that it is dependent on naturally derived crude drugs. We are therefore committed to preserving the natural environment through efforts to protect the biodiversity of crude drug producing areas while also protecting and nurturing crude drugs that are grown in the wild.
* Selection and processing is the process of removing foreign particles and conducting final inspections of crude drugs after preparation and processing.
         20 TSUMURA & CO.
Measures for Addressing Strategic Challenges Described in the Medium-Term Management Plan
• Expanding the area of Cultivated Land under Own Management
• Enhancing and streamlining procurement systems based on competition principles • Controlling crude drug inventory
Social Value Created by Tsumura
• Invigoration of primary industry sectors and development of sextiary industry sectors through the expansion of Cultivated Land under Own Management
• Invigoration of local communities through Cultivated Land under Own Management in Japan
• Creation of local employment opportunities, transference of cultivation techniques, and development
of infrastructure in China and Laos
• Improvement of efficiency and preservation of biodiversity through development of
crude drug cultivation techniques
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
 Reliable Crude Drug Procurement
Based on Contracts
Tsumura procures 119 varieties of raw material crude drugs for use in manufacturing its 129 prescription Kampo products.
These raw materials are not purchased from the crude drug market. Rather, we adopt a procurement approach of concluding contracts with crude drug production associations and production companies to continuously strengthen our procurement network, which stretches throughout China, Japan, and Laos. In addition to deciding upon procurement volumes and prices in advance, these contracts enable us to assure quality by requiring crude drug production processes to adhere to production standards documents that stipulate the permissible cultivation methods and agricultural chemicals, among other factors, based on the TSUMURA Good Agricultural and Collection Practice (GACP, see page 28) for crude drugs.
Expansion of Cultivated Land
under Own Management
Cultivated Land under Own Management refers to land with regard to which Tsumura provides cultivation guidance and has an understanding of cultivation costs based on which it can set crude procurement prices. Expanding the area of such land is a measure of crucial importance in ensuring reliable crude drug procurement and controlling procurement costs. Meanwhile, the contracts we form with regard to Cultivated Land under Own Management provide the benefit of stable income to farmers and production associations.
Crude Drug Prices
The prices of crude drugs went through a decline after the price of ginseng, which is relatively expensive and frequently used, peaked in fiscal 2014, but these prices took an upturn in fiscal 2018. The overall price of all the crude drugs purchased in China with local currency in fiscal 2018 was slightly lower than initially anticipated, due in part to the favorable outcomes of negotiations with producers. However, we cannot expect a significant decrease in the price of crude drugs over the medium-to-long term given the robust demand for traditional Chinese medicines, which are made from the same crude drugs as Kampo products. Accordingly, we will continue efforts to stabilize crude drug prices by expanding Cultivated Land under Own Management, building upon our ability to negotiate prices, and selecting procurement locations offering more beneficial purchasing prices.
Amount of Crude Drugs Used and Kampo Extract Granules Produced
Ton
14,000
7,000
0
12,371 10,275
13 14 15 16 17 18
          Amount of crude drugs used
Kampo extract granules produced
Overall Procurement Price of Crude Drugs Produced in China
Representation of weighted average of actual prices from producing regions to affiliated companies when fiscal 2007 price is indexed to 100
300
200
100
0
From fiscal 2017, figures are calculated based on use volumes as opposed to volumes arranged for procurement.
 241
234 230 217
188
202
 156 100 117 110 110
190
  07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
Integrated Report 2018 21
 
 Our Progress
Initiatives for Expanding Domestic
Crude Drug Production
Currently, approximately 15% of the raw material crude
drugs procured by Tsumura are produced in Japan. We are moving forward with initiatives for expanding the amount of crude drugs produced in regions in Japan in order to address the growing demand for Kampo medicines and mitigate risks arising from the geographic concentration of production.
One major region of Japan in which we produce crude drugs is Hokkaido, where we cultivate around 600 tons of Cnidii Rhizoma, Perillae Herba, Angelicae Radix, Aconiti Tuber, and other crude drugs per annum. In the future, we are planning to enlarge our cultivation areas throughout Hokkaido to 1,000 hectares to expand production volumes to around 2,000 tons a year.
On Honshu, Japan’s main island, we are concentrating our production activities and establishing consolidated processing factories.
Furthermore, Tsumura formed a capital and business alliance with MYFARM Inc., a company that possesses a network with producers in Japan as well as cultivation technologies and know-how pertaining to produce such as vegetables, in April 2018. We will seek to forge a strong, long-term, strategic partnership with this company in order to expand raw drug cultivation in Japan going forward.
    COLUMN Initiatives with Temiru Farm
Temiru Farm, which is located in Ishikari City, Hokkaido
Prefecture, is an agriculture company established in 2010
primarily by the social welfare corporation Harunire no Sato.
This company seeks to expand general employment opportunities
for differently abled individuals. In April 2010, Group company
YUBARI TSUMURA CO., LTD., began contracting Temiru Farm
to cultivate crude drugs, and today this company is producing
Perillae Herba for the Tsumura Group. In addition, we com-
menced joint research with Temiru Farm on indoor cultivation of
Hoelen in 2010. In China, Hoelen is cultivated over the period of
a year using Japanese red pine trees. Indoor cultivation of this
crude drug is anticipated to reduce the amount of work required
for cultivation while also realizing stable levels of quality that are
not influenced by weather. Moreover, as cultivation of Poria sclerotium requires work to be conducted year-round, this undertaking will contribute to ongoing employment. In the future, we plan to engage in other such new business ventures through collaboration with Temiru Farm and Ishikari City.
 Perillae Herba
   22 TSUMURA & CO.
 
    COLUMN Preservation of Biodiversity
Tsumura’s business is based on the manufacture and sale of Kampo products, which are made from naturally derived crude drugs. For this reason, we see the development of cyclical processes for achieving harmony with nature and the preservation of biodiversity as important responsibilities.
Guided by the Tsumura Environmental Policy, which states that we are to “conduct appropriate procurement of raw material crude drugs with regard to biological diversity, in order to enjoy nature’s bounty in the future years,” we are engaged in various activities, including preserving the biodiversity of crude drug producing areas and cultivating and protecting the wild-grown crude drugs that function as raw materials for Kampo medicines to ensure a sustainable supply into the future.
Biodiversity of Crude Drug Producing Areas
It is said that modern agriculture places an excessive
burden on the environment through its reliance on agricultural chemicals. For this reason, we practice caution in our use of such chemicals in the cultivation of crude drugs. For example, we instruct production associations and companies on the appropriate types and use amounts of agricultural chemicals. As another part of our eco-friendly management practices, we have stipulated rules on the method of use of these chemicals, such as preventing the scattering of chemicals so as to avoid adverse effects on living organisms in the areas surrounding cultivation sites.
Protection of Genetic Resources
As the step prior to cultivation, we have proceeded to investigate the natural habitats in which crude drugs are grown and identify their species. We have also long been engaged in the genetic analysis of the medicinal plants that are fundamental to Kampo medicines. Wild plants consist of groups with individual variations in diverse characteristics, such as external form, component substances, and resistance to diseases and pests. Such individual variations reflect diversity at the genetic level. It is therefore important to preserve genetic diversity for the sustainable use of wild plants.
Research on the Cultivation of Crude Drugs
Grown in the Wild
Research on the cultivation of crude drugs grown in the wild is important for the steady production of the raw material crude drugs needed to maintain a stable supply of Kampo medicines.
Growth, crop yield, and quality are known to be affected by such environmental factors as climate, soil, years of cultivation, and timing of harvest, as well as by genetic factors and post-harvest drying and processing conditions. Because cultivating wild-grown crude drugs means changing these
conditions, we are conducting research on crude drugs with a focus on both cultivation and quality.
Crude drugs that do not conform to Japanese Pharmacopoeia and the Japanese Standards for Non-pharmaceutical Crude Drugs cannot be used as raw materials for the production of Kampo medicines. For this reason, we have been conducting research on morphological characteristics and genetic testing techniques and, based on this research, we are proceeding with our own cultivation research using medicinal plants of the correct origin.
Increasing productivity is another important goal of cultivation research. We are therefore examining the introduction of large-scale cultivation techniques that employ machinery and researching means of enhancing said techniques. It is also vital to achieve uniform levels of germination and growth by refining selective breeding and seed production techniques. For efficient weeding and prevention of diseases and pests, keeping the use of agrichemicals to a minimum is necessary. Accordingly, we are conducting research on the selection of optimal agrichemicals from the perspectives of chemical hazards, effectiveness, residue amounts, and other factors. Based on the outcomes of these research projects, we have been registering agrichemicals in accordance with the Agricultural Chemicals Control Act through collaboration with relevant research organizations in Japan.
Ginseng Radix
    Integrated Report 2018 23