Our Progress
      Manufacturing and Distribution
   Tsumura’s business model, which specializes in the manufacture and sale of prescription Kampo products, is not found anywhere else in the world. With this distinctive business model, we have accumulated internal expertise pertaining to manufacturing technologies while constructing highly unique production equipment. Presently, Tsumura is engaged in ongoing reforms to its production systems and the continuous development of human resources to staff production floors. Based on medium-to-long-term demand projections, these efforts are aimed at reinforcing the Company’s frameworks for providing stable supplies of its products in response to steady growth in the sales of prescription Kampo products.
Under the current medium-term management plan, we have earmarked approximately ¥55.0 billion to be used in capital investments over the six-year period leading up to fiscal 2022. We also intend to boost our production capabilities and efficiency through awareness reforms at production sites. To date, we have augmented the production capabilities of the existing equipment at our principal Shizuoka Plant, Ibaraki Plant, and Shanghai Plant. The construction of a new manufacturing building is also underway at the Ibaraki Plant. Going forward, we will continue to fully utilize the production capabilities of each factory while simultaneously heightening production capabilities through a policy of systematic and phased capital investments.
        24 TSUMURA & CO.
Measures for Addressing Strategic Challenges Described in the Medium-Term Management Plan
• Improving the production capabilities of existing equipment
• Continuously introducing and expanding use of new technologies for production • Revising capital investment plans and timing
Social Value Created by Tsumura
• Improvement of energy efficiency
• Preservation of water resources and reduction of CO2 emissions through promotion of recycling • Improvement of labor productivity
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
 Kampo Product Manufacturing Process
    Automated crude drug warehouse
Sorting and processing and storage
Cutting machine
Boxed crude drugs
Chopped crude drugs
Cutting
Spray dryer
Separation Concentration powder
Extract powder
Mixer
Extraction tank
Weighing device
Lactose
   Mixing
Weighing and mixing
Extract
Tablet press Roll crusher Classification Extract granules
Granulation
Hopper
Packaging and Labeling
  To intermediate product automated warehouse
To intermediate product automated warehouse
 Improvement in Labor Productivity
Robots and other new technologies are being introduced at production sites in an ongoing effort to reduce labor requirements. In addition, we are calculating the per-hour profitability of each subdivision with the aim of heightening cost awareness among all frontline employees.
Under the current medium-term management plan, Tsumura is targeting a 30% improvement in labor productivity in comparison with fiscal 2016’s level by fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2018, labor productivity was 8% higher than in fiscal 2016, representing progress in line with plans.
%
200
100
0
130
Extraction, separation, and concentration
Drying
Extract powder
Tabletting, crushing, and classification
Tablets Granules
Improvement in Labor Productivity from Fiscal 2016
  100 105
108
    16 17 18 22
(Target)
   COLUMN Energy Conservation and
Global Warming Countermeasures
 Tsumura is implementing global warming countermeasures focused on the basic principle of energy conservation. These countermeasures include introducing highly efficient equipment and revising operating procedures.
Production divisions endeavor to reduce energy consumption by revising operation control procedures through the use of energy management systems and upgrading to highly efficient equipment. In Kampo extract manufacturing processes, we work to reduce the use of electricity and steam by adjusting the temperature of the water used in processes and introducing a vapor compression system to efficiently collect steam produced from concentrated liquid in concentrating devices. Meanwhile, offices and distribution divisions are making efforts to save energy used for air-conditioning and lighting in addition to replacing all fleet vehicles with hybrid vehicles and utilizing fuel-efficient tires on trucks used for long-distance driving.
   Integrated Report 2018 25
  ~

Our Progress
Capital Investment
Under the medium-term management plan, Tsumura will seek to establish a production system capable of responding to projected growth in demand. As one facet of this effort, we commenced operations of the new granulation and packaging facilities at the Shizuoka Plant in September 2016. Constructed through an investment of approximately ¥13.0 billion, these facilities use state-of-the-art robots for conveyance within the plant and for production lines. Going forward, we will systematically increase the number of production lines.
Optimization of the Group’s Supply Chain
Kampo products are produced through many processes beginning with the procurement of crude drugs through cultivation or other means. Accordingly, we monitor processes across the entire supply chain of the Kampo and crude drug businesses, including individual processes and the stages between those processes within the Group as well as crude drug procurement sites outside of the Tsumura Group and product sales, and work process reforms are implemented based on this monitoring.
For further improvement, we will continue to execute management incorporating the concept of supply chain
Capital Investment
¥ million
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
11,900
14 15 16 17 18
         SCM Reform Overview
Sharing of goals / budgets
SCM Reform
Effectiveness / optimization of all processes
Sharing of detailed &
management (SCM),* a reform method for realizing further efficiency and optimization. Through SCM reforms, we will improve efficiency and achieve optimization throughout all processes and pursue automation and increased coordination in plan formulation.
* Tsumura aims to build an SCM system to automate and speed up processes by coordinating sales plans, production plans; raw material crude drug cultivation, allocation, procurement, processing, and transporting; and inventory plans based on demand forecasts.
          Management Demand Manufacturing Procurement Inventory Cost plan forecasts and sales management accounting
Capital Investment
       plans / achievements
Automation / enhancement of cooperation in planning
      Implementation Manufacturing Processing of Transfer of plan crude drugs crude drugs
• Identify future risks at an early stage through prompt planning and shortening of the rolling cycle
• Optimize the entire supply chain by strengthening coordination between management and work sites and among divisions and bases
26 TSUMURA & CO.