Quality Management
With its mission of “To contribute to the unparalleled medical therapeutic power of the combination of Kampo medicine and Western medicine,” product quality management is of utmost importance to Tsumura. In order to manufacture and sell Kampo products with consistent quality, Tsumura has developed a proprietary integrated system to control the entire process of producing Kampo products. This includes everything from the procurement of raw material crude drugs and the establishment of manufacturing methods and suit- able manufacturing equipment for producing Kampo extracts to the management of manufacturing, implementation of quality control, and release onto the market. By implementing a rigorous quality management system, we ensure the quality of finished Kampo products.
Quality Policy
Acting in accordance with Tsumura’s quality policy, we have established the Tsumura Quality Management System to further improve the quality assurance system, and we promote initiatives that prioritize quality. The Tsumura Quality Management System is a comprehensive system encom- passing the entire Tsumura Group, and this system has clari- fied the role of management in controlling quality. Also, the system is formulated to facilitate appropriate responses to revisions of laws and regulations and globalization (including PIC/S* compliance).
* The Pharmaceutical Inspection Convention and Pharmaceutical Inspection Co-operation Scheme (PIC/S) is a framework for advancing the internationalization of standards such as good manufacturing practices.
  The Tsumura Group has formulated a quality policy consisting of the following principles in line with its aim of becoming a value-creation company that contributes to people’s health through its Kampo business:
• Providing a stable supply of high-quality, reliable products
• Complying with laws and regulations related to pharmaceuticals
• Listening to customer feedback and striving to continuously improve the quality of our products
• Realizing stable procurement of safe crude drugs
• Offering appropriate training to all our executives and employees, and cultivating human resources distin-
guished by a high degree of awareness
• Adequately allocating our management resources to help achieve these principles
Social Value Created by Tsumura
• Contribution to health through the provision of high-quality Kampo formulations • Prevention of water pollution through reduced use of chemical substances
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
  Integrated Report 2018 27
Our Progress
TSUMURA GACP for Crude Drugs
Regulations pertaining to the TSUMURA Good Agricultural and Collection Practice Traceability linking Kampo products to crude drug producing areas have been implemented to further solidify the Company’s crude drug safety and quality assurance system.
The TSUMURA GACP for crude drugs includes adhering to guidelines for these practices, utilizing documents pertaining to crude drug production standards, maintaining a traceability system for crude drugs, conducting training and audits, and bestowing certifications. Tsumura’s traceability system for
crude drugs records and stores data on every stage crude drugs go through in the producing regions and at crude drug processing facilities, including cultivation, processing, logistics, storage, and other processes. This data can be tracked and viewed as necessary. We also track information on the manu- facturing and distribution of finished Kampo formulations. Accordingly, this traceability system allows for information on all processes, from those in the producing regions to those at medical institutions, to be tracked and viewed.
 CRUDE DRUG PRODUCTION INFORMATION
Producer information Cultivation history Agrichemical use history Preparation and processing history Shipping history
CRUDE DRUG QUALITY INFORMATION
Physiochemical tests Residual agrichemicals Microbes, heavy metals, etc.
Laos
Japan
China
          Crude drugs
Crude drug production site
Crude drugs
Crude drugs
       Ishioka Center
SHENZHEN TSUMURA
SHANGHAI TSUMURA
          Crude drugs
Crude drugs
Crude drugs
Shizuoka Plant
Extract powder
 MANUFACTURING QUALITY INFORMATION
Extract quality information Manufacturing history
Crude drug lot information Receiving and shipping history
Route in case of a problem
Distribution route
Quality tests (on receiving and shipping)
Ibaraki Plant
Products
                    28 TSUMURA & CO.