Human Resources
The Kampo business is a pioneering field with no precedent to build upon anywhere in the world.
For this reason, human resources are the most important resource to the ongoing growth of Tsumura.
It is crucial for Tsumura to be able to cultivate professional human resources who can exercise autonomy in blazing new trails.
Accordingly, we have implemented various training programs to cultivate the professional human resources who will support Tsumura’s ongoing growth.
Tsumura is also proactive in its efforts to support the contributions of diverse human resources.
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
Vision for Ideal Human Resources*
The ideal human resources Tsumura envisions are keenly aware of the fact that the growth of the Company is dependent on the growth of individual employees. These employees should be universally trusted; exhibit aspirations, passion, and responsibility; and be able to act with professionalism, independence, and altruism.
* Human resources: The Tsumura Group considers all members of its workforce and management team to be its “treasure,” and writes the Japanese word for “human resources” with the character meaning “treasure,” rather than using the conventional character meaning “material.”
   BEING TRUSTWORTHY
    ALTRUISM
ASPIRATIONS, PASSION
Shared Motto
RESPONSIBILITY
ASPIRATIONS, PASSION
Engaging in one’s own work with strong aspirations and passion
RESPONSIBILITY
Recognizing one’s assigned role with a spirit of commitment to completing their mission
PROFESSIONALISM
Mastering outstanding technology with expert knowledge and performing on the job
INDEPENDENCE
Thinking and acting independently
ALTRUISM
Serving others with a caring spirit
  Cheerful, Honest, and Strong
    34 TSUMURA & CO.
INDEPENDENCE
PROFESSIONALISM
 Human Resource Development
With the goal of becoming “the ‘People’ Company,” the Tsumura Group is promoting the development of employees who embody its vision for ideal human resources. To support the growth of our employees, we are providing education programs based on level, role, and career as well as special- ized education at the divisional level to help employees acquire skills and expertise. Groupwide employee education programs are used to bestow the basic knowledge required by all employees. We also offer training programs and
Overall Training Scheme for Fiscal 2019
e-learning programs for managers to help them reaffirm their role in creating suitable work environments and developing their subordinates in addition to their work responsibilities of managing day-to-day tasks and achieving Company goals. Furthermore, to refresh and maintain the skills and knowl- edge acquired in past training programs, we involve supervi- sors in the training process in order to improve their ability to guide and develop their subordinates.
 Category
Job grade
On-the-job training (OJT)
Groupwide employee education
Rank-based education
Role-based education
Off-the-job training
Career-based education
Promotion of women’s contributions
Support for voluntary learning
Group company education
Specialty education
  Rank-based education
 Responsible organization
  Employees of corresponding job grade (Especially managers)
  Personnel Department
 Divisions / departments
  K3
   Training for employees promoted to K3
K3 follow-up training
  Division manager education
       K2 P2
   New evaluator
         K1 P1
    Training for employees promoted to K1
K1 follow-up training
Training for employees promoted to P1
  training
New section manager training
         S·E5
Coor- dination
        S·E4
 Training for employees promoted to SE4
S·E3
            S·E2 S·E1
         3rd year follow-up training
2nd year follow-up training
1st year follow-up training
General training for new employees
                                         Continuous Cultivation of Management Personnel
The Tsumura Academy, an educational institution for educating directors, executive officers, and other management personnel, is scheduled to be established in fiscal 2019 to codify our programs for cultivating management personnel capable of exercising Tsumura’s corporate philosophy. This move will be one facet of our efforts to strengthen our organization and improve motivation so that we can continue to be a team of people who are universally trusted and capable of exercising autonomy in blazing new trails in the Kampo business, which has no precedent to build upon anywhere in the world. We
thereby aim to become “the ‘People’ Company,” one of the elements of Tsumura’s Vision for 2021 long-term business vision. By further expanding our education programs, we will endeavor to quickly develop a platform for continuously cultivating candidates for future management positions.
Education for Group Companies
The Tsumura Group aims to be an organization in which all employees are united under a shared philosophy, passionate toward accomplishing their mission, and committed to working together as teams to realize greater accomplishments. We
Integrated Report 2018 35
 Compulsory education for managers and specialists (e-learning)
Specialized education for divisions and departments
Education programs at Group companies in Japan and overseas
e-learning and textbook-, video-, and DVD-based learning
Seminars for supervisors, support for voluntary learning, training for female leaders, and networking events for female employees
In-house internship and other career-related education Revitalization seminar
Life planning seminar
Career design seminar III
Career design seminar II
Career design seminar I
Compliance, Tsumura code, education on medication, insider and other information management
OJT

 Human Resources
are actively educating employees across the Group with this goal in mind. Since fiscal 2015, we have been moving forward with an effort to codify training programs, particularly those for managers and mid-level employees, and enhance education systems. This effort is being advanced while coordinating with educators at domestic Group companies. In fiscal 2018, we instituted leader training sessions and manager training sessions for local and other management staff at overseas Group company LAO TSUMURA CO., LTD. We will continue
Training at Group company
Specialized Training for MRs
Role of Tsumura’s Medical Representatives
In addition to the traditional roles of providing, collecting, and transmitting information pertaining to a company’s pharma- ceutical products, Tsumura’s medical representatives (MRs) are unique due to their responsibility to promote the spread of Kampo medicine itself. These MRs plan and hold Kampo medicine seminars for physicians, support education on Kampo medicine for medical school students and physicians- in-training, and fulfill a wide range of other roles. Tsumura implements various programs to enhance the knowledge and skills of all MRs to ensure that they can fulfill these roles.
Training for MRs
Training for MRs at Tsumura consists of two types: introductory and ongoing.
Introductory training is designed to help MRs acquire and
Average Number of Training Hours per MR per Year
to accelerate such coordination in education going forward as we strive to create robust foundations and spur the ongoing development of the Tsumura Group.
Global Human Resource Development
Today, the companies and institutions that Tsumura partners with are not limited to Japan; they can be found in China, Europe, the United States, and other parts of the world. It can only be expected that we will continue to further develop our operations on the global stage going forward. For this reason, in fiscal 2019, we will be stepping up efforts to develop human resources who can excel globally. Our first step in this process is to offer language acquisition support for learning English or Chinese while holding cultural sensitivity training sessions for employees who have been with the Company for between one and three years. We will move ahead with the phased development of systems for training global human resources going forward.
build upon the qualities required in their position. Introductory training for new graduates takes place over a period of six months after they join the Company. This training program helps participants acquire the basic ethical standards, knowledge, and skills that Tsumura requires of its MRs and comprises a curriculum designed to help them pass the MR certification examination*; education on the Company’s products (Kampo medicines), driving skills, and a wide variety of other topics; and field training.
The goal of ongoing training is to help MRs maintain and
improve the qualities expected of their position. This training is
provided continuously and systematically on a yearly basis after
the completion of introductory training. Specifically, MRs are
required to undergo a program that consists of 75 hours of
training each year.
* The MR certification examination is a test administered by the MR Education & Accreditation Center of Japan since 1997 with the aim of improving the quality of MRs.
   Philosophy / policies
  Product knowledge
  MR activities
  Field training
  Preparation for MR certification examination
   Introductory training for new employees
Syllabus for first-year training
Syllabus for second-year training
Syllabus for third-year training
Syllabus for fourth-year training
Syllabus for fifth-year training Ongoing training
63
16
81 47 8 8
(Hours)
152 327
                                              10 54
10 54
                                              16 16
                         Ethics
  Overview of pharmaceuticals
  Information on pharmaceuticals
  Diseases and treatments
  Product education
  10
10 11 24 31
  Note: In addition to the above, various group training sessions are conducted at branches.
36 TSUMURA & CO.
 
Training Sessions to Provide Latest Evidence
As more scientific evidence on the efficacy of Kampo products emerges, physicians are becoming increasingly interested in the latest trends and information pertaining to Kampo. It is therefore absolutely essential for Tsumura’s MRs to always remain up-to-date on the latest Kampo evidence to ensure that they there are able to respond to this interest by providing accurate information in a timely manner. We therefore invite
university professors and employees from research divisions to hold Companywide and branch-level training in order to help MRs efficiently absorb accurate and highly detailed information. These training sessions, as well as other forums, also serve as opportunities for brisk exchanges of information between MRs, and thus help improve MR motivation by enabling them to acquire new ideas for sales approaches and other information through such exchanges.
Utilization of Diverse Human Resources
Promotion of Employee Diversity
The Tsumura Group aims to be an organization that harnesses the diversity of its employees and in which employees can exercise their full potential to succeed. We have implemented various initiatives to accomplish this objective, including efforts to develop human resource systems and a corporate culture that are blind to gender and nationality. These initiatives earned Tsumura Platinum Kurumin certification in October 2017, signifying it as a company offering high-level support for employees raising children. Also as a result of these initiatives, we received Eruboshi certification in November of the same year for exhibiting excellence based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.
Furthermore, the promotion of employment of differently abled individuals has been positioned as a task to be addressed on a Groupwide basis. As a result, we have con- tinuously exceeded the legally mandated ratio of differently abled employees of 2.2% in Japan; our ratio was 2.9% on March 31, 2018.
Appointment of Female Officers and Managers
Appointment of Non-Japanese Officers and Local Employment Opportunities Overseas
Locallyhiredofficers Ratiooflocallyhiredmanagers
 Tsumura China
SHENZHEN TSUMURA MEDICINE CO., LTD.
SHANGHAI TSUMURA
LAO TSUMURA
—
2 vice presidents
1 president
1 vice president
—
100.0%
88.9%
80.0%
71.4%
(As of December 31, 2017)
                               Health Management
 TSUMURA & CO.
SHENZHEN TSUMURA
SHANGHAI TSUMURA
Female officers
2 outside directors
1 vice president
1 president
1 vice president
Female managers
43 managers
(of 778 total managers)
14 managers
(of 39 total managers)
13 managers
(of 29 total managers)
(As of March 31, 2018)
Eruboshi certification
We at Tsumura are responsible for contributing to people’s health. It is therefore crucial that we maintain our own health. It is only when people are in good health that they are able to exercise their skills and individuality and to feel energized in their work. Accordingly, we believe energizing employees will enable them to realize high productivity, which in turn will invigorate the organization and boost corporate value. We thus seek to make employees aware of their responsibility to maintain their own health while also providing various support systems to help employees remain mindful of their health and work to improve it.
                       Platinum Kurumin certification
Integrated Report 2018 37