Compliance and Risk Management
Compliance Promotion Frameworks and Systems
Based on the Tsumura Code of Conduct, which is our guiding principle for the way we conduct business activities, we have formulated the Tsumura Compliance Program Regulations.
Policies for promoting compliance at the Tsumura Group are examined and set by the Compliance Committee based on the findings of annual surveys and compliance incidents that have occurred inside and outside of the Group. After the policies set by the committee are reported to the Board of Directors, these policies are presented with accompanying instructions to business units and Group companies so that they can be implemented at workplaces.
As part of our efforts to ensure thorough compliance throughout the Group, we hold regular forums for exchanging
Tsumura Compliance Program
Tsumura Code of Conduct Tsumura Compliance Program Regulations Compliance Committee Compliance Promotion System Tsumura Group Hotline
Risk Management Systems
Provisions Related to Information Management
The Group communicates the Basic Information Management Regulations and other internal rules regarding information management throughout its organization in order to ensure the appropriate and effective management of infor- mation assets. Specific provisions for enhancing information management include information management and informa- tion security training for officers and employees as well as compulsory printing of unique identification numbers on all printed materials.
Provisions Related to Risk Management
In its risk management practices, the Group takes steps to confirm the status of initiatives for addressing management risks as well as the necessary measures for responding to risks that may materialize in the future. Such confirmation is
relevant information among representatives from domestic and overseas Group companies. In addition, we have imple- mented an internal whistle-blowing system with the aim of quickly identifying and correcting any compliance issues that may arise within the Group. Reports made through this system are periodically reported to the president, who is also the chief compliance officer, as well as to the Audit and Supervisory Committee. Furthermore, directors in charge of compliance monitor the status of the Group’s compliance initiatives and make regular reports to the Board of Directors.
Relevant United Nations Sustainability Development Goals
Compliance Promotion System
Chief Compliance Officer Directors in charge of compliance
Department in charge of compliance (Compliance Control Department)
                46 TSUMURA & CO.
Personnel in charge of promoting compliance
Department
Personnel in charge of promoting compliance
Department
Personnel in charge of promoting compliance
Department
 carried out through risk meetings between the division responsible for risk management (the General Affairs Department) and relevant operating divisions and members of senior management at Group companies and through meetings of the Risk Management Committee and the Risk Management Promotion Committee. The Group has also established a business continuity plan (BCP) to further strengthen crisis management initiatives and to ensure that operations can be restored in the event of an emergency. The BCP describes its purpose and basic policies, the scope of application for management under the plan, provisions pertaining to strategies and evaluations of the impacts of emergency situations, business continuity measures, and business restoration procedures. In addition, the Group continuously updates its disaster response and portable disaster preparedness manuals, which are used in disaster preparedness drills conducted at Group bases.
Risk Factors
(1) Medical Systems
In the pharmaceutical industry, changes to medical care systems exert a major influence on the pharmaceutical market. Depending on the direction of change, a negative effect on the industry as a whole and on the performance of the Tsumura Group could result.
(2) Competition
In Japan, we have long maintained a dominant position in
the field of prescription Kampo products, which is the mainstay source of earnings for the Group. However, if a major domestic or foreign pharmaceutical company entered the Kampo medicines market, competition would intensify further, and the Group’s performance could suffer as a result.
(3) Product Supply
Approximately 80% of the crude drugs that constitute the main ingredients of Tsumura’s Kampo formulations are imported from China, and some processes in the production of Kampo products are conducted in China. Because most of the crude drugs grow in the wild, we are researching the cultivation of major crude drugs to prepare for the future. However, in the event of unforeseeable changes in legal regulations or political or economic conditions, it could become difficult to secure or import sufficient quantities. In addition, bad weather, natural disasters, or destabilizations of social conditions resulting from wars or other causes could create instability in demand, supply, or other distribution-related circumstances for raw materials procured domestically and internationally for the manufacture of products. Such occurrences could result in hikes in the market prices of raw materials or scarcity of their supply, which would have a negative impact on the supply of products. Likewise, while we have incorporated earthquake- resistant features in construction and conduct regular inspections of production equipment and facilities within Japan, we cannot completely guarantee that the functioning of our facilities will not be hampered or lost in the event of a massive earthquake, fire, power outage, or other disaster.
The Group’s social standing or performance could be negatively affected should the supply of products be interrupted or delayed due to any of the circumstances described above.
(4) Product Safety and Adverse Reactions
In the manufacturing of the Group’s products, we strictly adhere to the quality control standards of the countries and regions in which we operate as well as to our own original standards for crude drugs. However, we cannot completely
guarantee that there will not be a defect or safety problem, including undetected pesticide residue on a crude drug used in a Kampo product. In addition, should consumers experience unexpected adverse reactions from a pharmaceutical product marketed by the Tsumura Group, the existing methods of use may be restricted, and a loss of confidence in the Group and its pharmaceutical products may result in a drop in the dispen- sation of our medicines or in patients’ refusal to take them.
The Tsumura Group’s performance may suffer if a situation such as those described above results in a decline in sales volume, demand for large amounts of damage compensation, or a large-scale recall, among other possibilities.
(5) Research and Development
In the interest of future growth and better corporate perfor- mance, the Tsumura Group conducts R&D activities related to new products and new technologies both in Japan and abroad. However, we cannot guarantee that all of these activities will be successful. The Group’s performance could suffer if, for some reason, R&D activities were canceled or delayed or if costs increased significantly.
(6) International Business
The Tsumura Group engages in manufacturing and sales activities in China, South Korea, and other foreign countries and regions. Because of this involvement in international business, it is possible for the Group to be negatively affected by unforeseeable changes in legal regulations or in political, economic, or other conditions.
(7) Financial Condition
The Group’s performance and financial condition could be negatively affected by such developments as a sharp decline in its stock price or an increase in retirement liabilities arising from a drop in the discount rate.
(8) Intellectual Property
We cannot guarantee the full protection of the intellectual property owned by the Group in relation to Kampo products. The Group’s performance may be negatively affected if there were leakage of such information that led to a decline in competitiveness.
(9) Exchange Rate Fluctuations
The Group imports from China most of the crude drugs used in the Kampo products that it markets. Therefore, sharp movements in exchange rates could impact negatively on the Group’s business results and financial position.
Integrated Report 2018 47