  21.10 501494 -0800
      SOMPO Holdings Integrated Annual Report
2021
     Integrated Annual Report 2021
  Group Management Philosophy
We will at all times carefully consider the
interests of our customers when making decisions that shape our business. We will strive to contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of our customers and society as a whole by providing insurance and related services of the highest quality possible.
SOMPO’s Purpose
With “A Theme Park for Security, Health and Wellbeing,” create a society in which every person can live a healthy, prosper- ous and happy life in one’s own way.
Social value delivered by SOMPO
• Protect people from future risks facing the society • Create a future society for healthy and happy lives • Foster the ability to change the future society with
diverse talents and connections
  Brand Slogan
A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing
Sompo Group intends to give visible form to the abstract concepts of safety, security, and health, and to realize a vision of the Group that solves social problems through its businesses and contributes to society as a presence that continuously supports the lives and happiness of its customers by appropriate use of advanced technologies, including digital technologies, while remaining close to the lives of “people,” who are the heart of society. We therefore adopted this Brand Slogan so that the Sompo Group can be united in our efforts to further accelerate our transformation into
“A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.”
  Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
01

Contents
 Integrated Annual Report 2021
This report presents the Sompo Group’s past and present to clearly demonstrate our track record and strengths, which we use to inform all stakeholders about the Sompo Group’s future vision in an easy-to-understand manner.
130-year-long track record of solving social challenges
We have hitherto expanded and continuously grown our business operations over our 130-year-long history by providing solutions to various challenges in society. By continuing to assume a social infrastructure role with, for example, our insurance and nursing care businesses, the trust we have built and the re- sponsibility we have shouldered as a public institution of society now form the cornerstone of the Sompo Group.
Embracing the challenge of transformation to realize
“A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing”
Under our previous Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2016–2020), we went about establishing and strengthening our competitive advantage in each of our busi- nesses, addressed key challenges, such as executing M&As, rolling out a digital strategy, and promoting diversity in our workforce, and made changes to our business portfolio. With social challenges as a starting point, we are acceler- ating our transformation toward the realization of “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing” that provides various values beyond the framework of insurance by leveraging the strengths of the Sompo Group.
Contributing to the SDGs and boosting earnings power through partnerships centering on our Real Data Platform (RDP)
In the Mid-Term Management Plan that kicked off this fiscal year, we have set our sights on bringing to bear our Group Management Philosophy and purpose as an organization. We therefore intend to hone our problem-solving capabili- ties by merging our long-standing track record of solving social challenges, as well as the strengths of the Sompo Group, with a new Real Data Platform (RDP).
Armed with these capabilities, the Sompo Group will continue to deliver solu- tions for creating new value as a platform provider for partnerships with numer- ous stakeholders and seek to solve the social challenges outlined in the SDGs and boost earnings power.
    PURPOSE
What kind of value do we provide and what kind of society are we aiming for?
STRATEGY
How should we create value?
CAPITALS
SOMPO’s various capital
as a source of competitiveness
GOVERNANCE
Systems underpinning value creation
BUSINESS
SOMPO’s businesses that realize value creation
DATA
Financial Section, Corporate Data
A Message from the Group CEO .............................................................. 04
SOMPO’s Purpose ................................................................................... 14 SOMPO’s Strength 1 Trust and responsibility with 130 years of history ..... 16 SOMPO's Strength 2 Diversity of business, talent and network................. 18 SOMPO's Strength 3 Strong problem-solving abilities .............................. 20 Social Challenges Facing SOMPO ............................................................ 22 Social Value Delivered by SOMPO ............................................................ 23 Value Creation Process............................................................................. 26 Financial and Pre-Financial Highlights ....................................................... 28
History of Strategy .................................................................................... 32
Initiatives of each business under the previous Mid-Term
Management Plan .................................................................................... 34
New Mid-Term Management Plan............................................................. 36
A tripartite discussion: SDGs in Business Management for
fulfilling the SOMPO’s Purpose ................................................................. 52
Financial capital: CFO Message ................................................................ 58 Social and relationship capital................................................................... 62 Human capital .......................................................................................... 68 Intellectual capital ..................................................................................... 73 Natural capital .......................................................................................... 76
Corporate Governance ............................................................................. 82 Supervisory Framework ............................................................................ 84 Business Execution Framework ................................................................ 90 Succession Planning ................................................................................ 94 Policies for Appointment of Directors and Executive Officers..................... 95 Executive compensation structure ............................................................ 96 Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)........................................................ 101 Group Internal Controls .......................................................................... 104 Directors................................................................................................. 106 Directors and Executive Officers ............................................................. 108 Sustainability Promotion Structure .......................................................... 112 Information Disclosure ............................................................................ 113
Industry Data .......................................................................................... 116 At a Glance ............................................................................................ 122 Domestic P&C Insurance Business......................................................... 124 Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business ...................................... 130 Domestic Life Insurance Business .......................................................... 134 Nursing Care & Seniors Business............................................................ 138 Digital Business ...................................................................................... 142 Healthcare Business ............................................................................... 144 Strategic Operating Companies.............................................................. 146
Financial Section .................................................................................... 147 Corporate Overview................................................................................ 240 Share and Shareholder Information......................................................... 241 The Company, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates............................................... 243 External Recognition............................................................................... 246 Governance member endorsement of the Integrated
     Disclaimer
The information presented in this report includes future forecasts based mainly on the Sompo Group’s management policies and plans. They are based on information available at the time of publishing. Accordingly, actual earnings and activity plans may be affected by the future operating environment.
Annual Report ........................................................................................ 247
    02
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 03

A Message from the Group CEO
  Delivering SOMPO’s Purpose:
Start of a new Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2021-2023)
 Introduction
Following last year, the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) disease continues to have an overwhelming influence on people’s lives around the world. I would like to express my deepest sympathy to everyone who has been infect- ed, and my sincere respect and gratitude to all medical, healthcare and other frontline workers who are making strenuous efforts every day despite the risk of infection. Also in the Sompo group, many employees are working in various frontlines every day. Especially in frontline nursing care where challenging conditions continue, positive minded employees with strong sense of mission literally use their bodies to protect the happiness and meet expectations of people needing support. I feel proud of such colleagues and renewed my determination to be responsible for contributing to society as a Group even in the current difficult environment.
Huge paradigm shifts are occurring in the mind
and behavior of conventional society and people. The increasing frequency and severity of natural disasters due to climate change and the prolonged low interest rate environment, which have substantial effects on the Group’s insurance business, are already the new normal.
Kengo Sakurada
Group CEO, Director, President and Representative Executive Officer Sompo Holdings, Inc.
In addition, the serious problem of low birthrate and pop- ulation aging in Japan facing the nursing care and other businesses, is indeed a reality from which we cannot turn our eyes away. Our daily lives have also changed. The wide use of remote work and digital transformation (DX), which were expected to occur sometime in the near future, have advanced rapidly, and new work and life styles are becoming rooted in the Group as well. I believe that these trends are essentially irreversible. The Group will continue to take on the challenge of realizing “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing” which has been our goal, while proactively making change happen and adopting ourselves to change rather than being reactive to it. A new fiscal year has started and we announced “SOMPO’s Purpose” and a new 3-year Mid- Term Management Plan. We will work to steadily grow existing businesses and expand new businesses in the digital domain, etc. and surely implement measures to create further value and enhance corporate value.
   04
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 05

A Message from the Group CEO
  “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing” and “SOMPO’s Purpose”
SOMPO’s strengths
In conducting business, I am strongly aware of “fluidity and immutability,” that is, there are essential things that should not be changed, and things that should be changed many times. As an insurance group with a history of 130 years,
we will fulfill our role of supporting customers in “unforeseen circumstances.” As a nursing care provider, we will fulfill our role of “always” supporting all users of facilities. Thus, con- tinuously protecting everyday lives which matter to people through business activity as a social infrastructure, while addressing various challenges with diverse services and talent delivering these is an important DNA and strength of SOMPO. I believe that this attitude will not change in the future and should not be changed. The roles and responsi- bilities of Sompo are large in the “new normal” world where changes in the natural environment threaten people’s daily lives and require adaptation to new risks, such as cyber risks, and in the “low birthrate and aging society” that all countries in the world will experience starting with Japan. In formulating the new Mid-Term Management Plan announced recently, management discussions were held many times being acutely aware of this.
 I have many opportunities to discuss with diverse people in Japan and abroad, including political and business leaders, executives of startups, and students, at the World Economic Forum annual meetings (Davos) and through activities as Executive Director of the Japan Association of Corporate Executives (Keizai Doyukai). And I strongly feel that the tide of multi-stakeholder capitalism, sustainability, and digitalization, which are big waves engulfing society, lose no time. The so- ciety became unworkable with conventional capitalism, and companies have to rethink the pursuit of short-term profits and management biased toward shareholder supremacy. I also think that the management approach represented by
the SDGs, which is long-term oriented, attentive to all stake- holders, and enhances diversity and sustainability, is now a prerequisite. The Group has also decided to make further advances in living together with society and collaboration with stakeholders, which we have been working on over many years through the insurance and nursing care business-
es, incorporate priority issues (materiality) in management framework, and strategically implement these as the Group’s business foundation. And the potential of digital technologies that the Group has been focusing on is clearly accelerating changes in the world, and traditional financial businesses
are no exception of being affected. The current situation is entirely different from a few years ago. As I have been saying, I believe that the unpredictable era of VUCA will continue and that the business environment surrounding the Group will continue to change and transform at a tremendous speed.
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, a 100-year historic disas- ter, people’s desire for “security,” “health,” and “wellbeing” that everyone in the world has as a basic desire, and hope for the realization of a society that ensures these have become even stronger. Companies in the future will be asked based
on such common values which challenges they address and how they solve them to contribute to society. However, this is not a new realization for the Group, but rather a path that we have been following. I am convinced again that our manage- ment strategy aimed at realizing “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing” based on the management philosophy of making all value judgments from the customer’s perspective and providing the highest quality services that contribute
to the security, health, and wellbeing of customers was not wrong. Even in the current difficult environment, the Group aims to maintain a robust business foundation and continue to grow with solid strategies.
In light of the external environment, “SOMPO’s Purpose” was newly established to communicate both internally and externally in an easy to understand manner the approach
to what the Group aspires to accomplish in the long term, such as in the next 20 and 50 years, which challenges we will address, and what kind of value we should aim to deliver by returning to the core of business management. SOMPO’s Purpose is to create a society in which every person can
live a healthy, prosperous and happy life in one’s own way with “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Well-being.” Specifically, we will protect people from future risks facing the society, create a future the society for healthy and happy lives, and foster the ability to change the future society
with diverse talents and connections. We decided to place “SOMPO’s Purpose” at the core of business management and aim for sustainable growth as a Group.
And what will change is the future of SOMPO. We will thor- oughly think through a growth story, such as how to deliver “SOMPO’s Purpose” by making the most of our strengths, and how to engage with society with what kind of partners, determine what choices we need to make and take actions.
SOMPO’s value creation using Real Data Platform
 The Group is able to obtain various data from the frontline on a daily basis through the insurance and nursing care busi- nesses. The most important feature of the data is that it is an accumulation of real information related to the behavior and daily life of customers, residents and users, in other words, “real data.” This real data with clear sources obtained from the actual society and people’s daily lives is necessary for
addressing social challenges, and the real data is a “vast repository” for realizing the extremely unique and new busi- ness potential of Sompo. The Real Data Platform (hereinafter “RDP”) is a unique system of Sompo to create new solutions that contribute to security, health, and wellbeing by integrat- ing and analyzing the extensive and vast amount of real data as the following examples demonstrate. I think that RDP is
   06 Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 07
 
A Message from the Group CEO
 the most important key for the Group to realize sustainable and dramatic growth. I believe that the new solutions and ecosystems created by SOMPO by making full use of RDP are certain to deliver unprecedented size of value and con- tribute to society. Therefore, it is absolutely necessary to have a partner with high technological capabilities to turn free thinking into reality and understands the future direction of the Group’s businesses to realize RDP.
We expect that Palantir Technologies Inc. (hereinafter “Palantir”) in the U.S. with which we are deepening relation- ships will fulfill such needs. Palantir is a group of profession- als with the highest level of data analytics capability in the world and has provided advanced technology and services to organizations with highly complex and confidential data environments. What blew my mind more than their magnif- icent achievements was the encounter with Co-Founders Peter Thiel and Alexander Karp. I strongly empathized with their philosophy that superior technology should be used to make the world and people happy, and became convinced that there is no other way than to partner with such player and create new values for the Group to continue growing. Therefore, we formed a business alliance with Palantir,
Press conference on the establishment of a new company (November 2019) From left to right, Koichi Narasaki, Group CDO of Sompo Holdings,
Peter Thiel, Co-Founder and Chairman of Palantir Technologies Inc.,
Kengo Sakurada, Group CEO of Sompo Holdings
established a joint venture, and decided to carry out concrete initiatives.
As a result, the Group is finally ready to start full-scale development of RDP, a solution for delivering new values that can only be created by SOMPO by combining Palantir’s tech- nology and valuable real data. In Japan, I believe that data utilization at the national level, including the My Number sys- tem, will steadily advance in the future. The Group will capture such trends and take on the challenge of building a unique business model by enhancing the quality and resilience of existing businesses while delivering new values through RDP. At the same time, it is important for management to draw
a path for this business model using RDP to substantially contribute to Group profit. Contributing to addressing social challenges through business will generate profit for the Group in the future, which will be returned to society. By creating trends and markets for new values and supporting them with solid evidence, we will raise expectations and earn the trust of stakeholders, and eventually enhance the Group’s corpo- rate value.
Realizing happiness through nursing care
One of the areas in which we are carrying out concrete initiative is the nursing care. Needless to say, nursing care
is important and necessary, and it is definitely one of the social challenges that will become increasingly serious in the future. Nursing care costs continue to increase year by year, and have swollen to exceed 10 trillion yen recently. And it is estimated that this will reach 25 trillion yen by 2040, and the tight fiscal situation is a major concern in the future. Even more problematic is the supply-demand gap in frontline nursing care. The nursing care business has been facing labor shortage and the demand for nursing care is expected to increase further such that we may see demand for caregiv- ers reach around 3 million in 2040, while the actual aggregate number was only 2.1 million in 2019, leading to a fairly serious situation. It is safe to say that this is an important topic and
we must take action now to enable the people needing sup- port as well as the people providing support to lead happy lives, and ensure future prosperity and happiness. Therefore, SOMPO decided first to take on the challenge of changing frontline nursing care. I think that one aspect of frontline nursing care has been a difficult place to work for employees with high principles having to rely heavily on their experience and skills to support residents and users through various ingenuity and hardship. However, if “visible nursing care”
and “predictable nursing care” are realized by converting the accumulated valuable experience and daily detailed informa- tion of around 100,000 people, including employees working at facilities, residents and users, into data, it should help, for example, inexperienced employees in effectively providing the services needed. While adopting advanced technology in this way, we will create an environment where we can fully focus on providing warm services that only humans can and are truly needed in frontline nursing care. The vision of the Group is to support the realization of the mission of delivering happi- ness to residents and users as we should. PoC of a business model using RDP is already being carried out at facilities within the Group, and we aim to introduce it to all facilities
by the end of FY2023. These know-how should be useful
not only for the Group but also for many other nursing care providers suffering from labor shortages. I think it is possible to contribute to raising the level of the whole industry while expanding our business by proposing the Group’s business model as a service on a subscription-basis (member) to other providers supporting frontline nursing care for joint use.
Utilization of RDP in various areas, such as disaster prevention & mitigation
We are also making advance in the area of disaster preven- tion & mitigation which has high affinity with P&C insurance. Many earthquakes, heavy rains, and typhoons struck Japan in recent years and employees all over the country are work- ing hard to fulfill our responsibilities as an insurance group.
Also, we are preparing ahead in normal times at frontline nursing care for safety assurance and emergency evacuation to protect residents, and making thorough preparations so that we can respond promptly in the event of an emergency that is expected to affect the facility. And one of the most important things in dealing with disasters is to detect the danger as soon as possible and take effective measures. One Concern, Inc., a business partner of Sompo Japan, develops simulation technology that enables prediction of floods up
to 72 hours in advance. The combination of this technology with the vast amount of data obtained through the Group’s approximately 20 million insurance policies should be a huge boost for practical application. Concrete plans are already being implemented, such as aiming to develop a flood pre- diction model for about 50 cities within this fiscal year. If cooperation with many local governments and companies realizes, evacuation instruction to local residents, damage prediction, disaster prevention planning in normal times, and sign detection will be enhanced and lead to better protection of invaluable lives and property.
In developing RDP, we will continue to bring service ideas into shape by assuming various situations, such as respond- ing to the evolving society of autonomous driving and mobility, a mechanism to support farmers through global climate analysis, etc., and efforts to realize “healthy aging” where many people can live long and happily until the end of their lives.
   08 Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 09

A Message from the Group CEO
 “My Mission” motivating each employee and SOMPO’s Core Values
New Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2021-2023)
  It is definitely people that support Sompo’s business strategy. I believe that human resources are treasure of a company and important asset. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we promoted work from anywhere (WFA) to ensure employee safety first of all, and then made continuous efforts to improve work efficiency in the frontline. From now on, I would like to put a lot of effort into aligning the job satisfaction of each em- ployee with “SOMPO’s Purpose.” I will encourage employees to think about what motivates them at work or in life, face “My Mission” derived from these, and think about how they want
to work and live. To support this as the Group CEO, I held
a virtual roundtable discussion in front of about 1,000 em- ployees who participated voluntarily. I was able to hear from employees with different jobs, background, and gender about their thoughts on each job and sympathy for focusing on “My Mission.” I expressed my honest feelings about the enthusi- asm to serve the society and wanting to feel happy and grow through work, and felt that time passed in the blink of an eye. I will continue to communicate to employees the thinking behind “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing” and “SOMPO’s Purpose.” And I will try to make each employee understand how they want to work, that is, what it means to deliver “SOMPO’s Purpose” when one sees the company and work as part of one’s life, and consider it as one’s own issue. This should increase job satisfaction and productivity in the frontline, and increase engagement. The Sompo Group aims to become a corporate group with the core values that each employee is driven by My Mission and produces maximum results by leveraging professionalism and diversity. True diver- sity and inclusion, and an inquiring mind fostered by it, are the sources of innovation and the driver to transform SOMPO’s corporate culture. With that driver, we can engage others, form various partnerships and grow together with society, which I am convinced of the mission SOMPO must fulfill.
Based on the above, we formulated a new 3-year Mid-Term Management Plan starting in FY2021. As for financial per- formance, we aim to achieve “adjusted consolidated profit
of 300 billion yen or more and adjusted consolidated ROE of 10% or higher” which were set as a Mid-term targets in the prior Mid-Term Management Plan. To enhance the Group’s real profitability and capital efficiency, we thoroughly strength- ened the business foundation of existing businesses and exe- cuted a large M&A with the Endurance Group (current Sompo International) in the overseas insurance business during the prior Mid-Term Management Plan period. We also decided to make a full-scale entry into the nursing care business, which was a difficult decision at the time, and vigorously worked
on various transformations, such as being among the first Japanese companies to have a base in Silicon Valley and promoting digital business initiatives. As a result, adjusted consolidated profit hit a record high of 202.1 billion yen and adjusted consolidated ROE was 8.0% in FY2020, the final year of the Plan, and I believe that the Group’s foundation for growth to make a leap forward is finally established. We aim
Conclusion
The Group is at a major turning point. Since becoming the Group CEO, I have always wanted to be told later on that “SOMPO used to be an insurance company” and I think we are at a crossroad. The Group will make a concerted effort to evolve from a traditional insurance group to a corporate group that delivers value to society through “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.” By delivering “SOMPO’s Purpose” in this way, we aim to become one of a kind
to bring out the earning power of the Group to the maximum while improving capital efficiency in each business. We will also make concrete efforts, such as “new customer value creation” by building ecosystems across the boundaries of existing businesses and evolving into a solution provider making full use of RDP, and “new work style” continued from last year.
How the three years of this Mid-Term Management Plan are spent is extremely important for the future. It’s not just about achieving Group management targets and KPIs. I think it is important to make stakeholders fully understand through the accomplishment of this Plan how SOMPO will grow in
the future, what makes SOMPO stand out in the market, and what expectations they can have, as well as enhance corpo- rate value for the future. The Plan also incorporates strategies to unlock corporate value of the Group. While accumulating as much concrete evidence as possible, I will take the lead
in efforts to garner empathy for SOMPO’s future and growth story, and to construct a narrative that is convincing to the society and market.
“SOMPO regarded as a valuable and indispensable entity” that will be needed in the future world. I would appreciate the continued support of all stakeholders.
     10 Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 11

                              PURPOSE
What kind of value do we
provide and what kind of
society are we aiming for?
The COVID-19 pandemic has brought about changes in social values and “contributing to a sustain- able society” as represented by the SDGs is now considered an essential priority for companies in this age. With this in mind, the Sompo Group has returned to the very basis of management and clar- ified what it aims to achieve and what kind of social value it will provide over the long term of 20 to 50 years. This is the essence of SOMPO’s Purpose. By leveraging our three strengths and continuously providing value to society with “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing,” we aim to create a society in which every person can live a healthy, prosperous, and happy life in one’s own way.
            12
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
            Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
13
    PURPOSE
    
 SOMPO’s Purpose
 At the start of our new Mid-Term Management Plan, we defined “SOMPO’s Purpose” in an easy-to-understand manner what the Sompo Group aims to achieve over the next 20 to 50 years. The “SOMPO’s Purpose” is to create a society in which every person can live a healthy, prosperous, and happy life in one’s own way with “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing” together with stakeholders. Specifically, we will deliver value to society by “protecting people from future risks facing the society,” “creating a future society for healthy and hap- py lives,” and “fostering the ability to change the future society with diverse talents and connections.” With this
“SOMPO’s Purpose” at the core of our management, we will strive to achieve sustainable growth as a group. In establishing SOMPO’s Purpose, we have taken into consideration the Group’s Management Philosophy
we have held up so far, the strengths we have cultivated over the years, changes in the environment surrounding the Company (including global megatrends), and the social challenges we face. Based on these, we engaged ourselves in rigorous management discussions on what kind of society can be realized and what kind of value can be delivered to society in a way unique to SOMPO.
   SOMPO’s
With “A Theme Health & Wellbeing,” which every person prosperous and happy
Protect people from future
Create a future society for
Foster the ability to change diverse talents
  Group Management Philosophy
We will at all times carefully consider the interests of our customers when making decisions that shape our business. We will strive to contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of our custom- ers and society as a whole by providing insur- ance and related services of the highest quality possible.
SOMPO’s Strengths
(1) Trust and responsibility with 130 years of history
(2) Diversity of business, talent and network
(3) Strong problem-solving abilities
P.16-21
  Purpose
Park for Security, create a society in can live a healthy, life in one’s own way.
risks facing the society
healthy and happy lives
the future society with and connections
Social challenges facing SOMPO
P.22
 New normal
Low birthrate and population aging
 Social value delivered by SOMPO
 P.23-25
       14
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 15
 PURPOSE

    SOMPO’s Strength 1
Trust and responsibility with 130 years of
Founding aspiration:
To protect customers at all costs
    history
 The companies which have become the forerunners of domestic P&C insurance business, the core of the Group, were born one after anoth- er in the turbulent times during and after the Meiji Era.
Tokyo Fire
July 1887
( Founded in ) October 1888
Taisei Fire & Marine
Imperial Marine
September 1893
First Engine & Boiler August 1908
Nippon Fire
May 1892
Nippon Marine
March 1896
Chugai Marine
April 1918
Tatsuuma Marine & Fire June 1919
Daihoku Fire
May 1920
Shinkoku Marine & Fire August 1921
Nippon Accident
May 1911
       April 1920 Yasuda Fire & Marine February 1944
Dai-Ichi Life
August 1996
Sompo Japan
July 2002
June 1937
Nippon Fire & Marine
Nissan Fire & Marine
Amagasaki Marine & Fire
December 1931
Koa Marine & Fire Transport
March 1944
Koa Fire & Marine
April 1954
 October 1944
  Sompo Holdings
April 2010
Nipponkoa
April 2001
Taiyo Fire & Marine
February 1951
    1 As Japan’s first fire insurance company with a
mission to “protect people from the threat of fire”
In 1888, Tokyo Fire Insurance Company, Inc., one of the Group’s forerunners, was born as Japan’s first fire insurance company with a mission to “protect people from the threat
of fire.” With a spirit of service and dedication to protect our customers from fire 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, we formed the “Tokyo Fire Brigade.” It was the only private and reliable fire brigade officially authorized by the Metropolitan Police Department and was highly relied upon. As an insur- ance company, we have a strong sense of mission “to protect our customers at all costs,” which has been passed down throughout our 130-year history and is linked to our current Management Philosophy.
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
2 Promoting the diffusion of accident insurance to save
the lives of people suffering from injuries and bring them more happiness
Nissan Fire & Marine, one of the Group’s forerunners, was born as Nippon Accident which was established in 1911 as Japan’s first personal accident insurance company. At that time, Japan’s social security system did not exist, so people injured at work or elsewhere could not work and faced diffi- culties in day-to-day living, which was a major social issue. In the face of such hardships, the desire to respect humanity and “save and bring happiness to those unable to work due to injury” moved people and society and contributed to the birth of Japan’s first accident insurance company and the subsequent spread of accident insurance.
3 Initiative of creating a resilient society
through insurance
Following the Great East Japan Earthquake of March 11, 2011, the Sompo Group positioned “payment of insurance benefits as quickly as possible” to affected customers as its top manage- ment priority. With the Group’s collective efforts, we swiftly established a local disaster response headquarters and dispatched more than 3,000 personnel to affected areas to ensure prompt and smooth payment of insurance benefits. Based on this experience and lessons learnt, we have con- tinued working to develop insurance products, risk management services, and other offerings to help create a resilient society.
4 Serving as a solution provider to address social issues, such as
the low birthrate and population aging
The Sompo Group made a full-scale entry into the nursing care busi- ness in 2015. Faced with the challenge of Japan’s low birthrate and population aging, we are deploying technology to improve productivity and treatments while strengthening human resource development through enhanced employee training. In these ways, we are working
to provide nursing care services with high levels of both productivity and quality. Meanwhile, we are seeking to help create a society that strives to prevent and prepare for dementia and enables people, even if diagnosed with dementia, to continue living with dignity as individuals, and taking on the challenge of extending healthy life expectancy by developing services designed to prevent the impairment of cognitive functions and improving dementia care capabilities. Even in the current so-called era of VUCA*, we have inherited the DNA of the Group, which has been tackling social issues from early on, as we work to realize a sustainable society in ways that transcend the framework of insurance.
*Acronym for “Volatility, Uncertainty, Complexity, and Ambiguity”
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 17
      16
PURPOSE

    SOMPO’s Strengths 2
Diversity of business, talent and network
   1
 Diversity of business
   In addition to its six core businesses—domestic P&C insurance, overseas insurance and reinsurance, domestic life insurance, nursing care & seniors, digital, and healthcare—the Sompo
G G r r o o u u p p i i s s d d e e v v e e l l o o p p i i n n g g a a v v a a r r i i e e t t y y o o f f b b u u s s i i n n e e s s s s e e s s t t o o r r e e a a l l i i z z e e “ “A A T T h h e e m m e e Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.” These include strategic businesses such as asset management and home remodeling.
Sompo Holdings
Strategic Business
       Domestic P&C Insurance Business
 Domestic Life Insurance Business
Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business
¥130.1 billion
¥30.0 billion
Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business etc.
Domestic Life Insurance Business
¥8.1 billion
Nursing Care & Seniors Business
Digital Business
Healthcare Business
 ¥33.8 billion
 FY2020 Adjusted consolidated profit
¥202.1 billion
Domestic P&C Insurance Business
 2
 Diversity of network
    W i t h b a s e s i n 2 9 c o u n t r i e s a n d r e - G G r r o o u u p p i i s s d d e e v ve e l l o o p p i i n n g g i i t t s s b b u u s s i i n n e e s s s s
e e m m e e r r g g i i n n g g n n a a t t i i o o n n s s . . I I n n J J a a p p a a n n , , w w e e
w wo o r r k k s s w w i i t t h h l l o o c c a a l l i i n n s s u u r r a a n n c c e e a a g g e e n n t t s s , , for example.
g i o n s , i n c l u d i n g J a p a n , t h e S o m p o g g l l o o b b a a l l l l y y i i n n b b o o t t h h d d e e v ve e l l o o p p e e d d a a n n d d
h h a a v v e e a a d d i i v v e e r r s s e e s s t t a a k k e e h h o o l l d d e e r r n n e e t t- -
c c o o m m p p a a n n i i e e s s a a n n d d l l o o c c a a l l g g o ov ve e r r n n m m e e n n t t s s , ,
   Number of 1 domestic bases*
Number of agents*2
1,024
51,994
  Overseas bases
Number of business partners*3
28
284
in
and regions
countries
  Number of nursing care facilities
Number of SOMPO Digital Labs
1,013
3
Real figures as of March 31, 2021
*1. Simple aggregate of the bases of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. and Sompo Himawari Life Insurance Inc.
*3.
Based on figures publicly disclosed by the Group (the Company and its domestic P&C insurance, overseas insurance and reinsurance, domestic life insurance, and nursing care & healthcare businesses) in fiscal 2020.
*2. Number of commissioned agents of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. and Sompo Himawari Life Insurance Inc.
 3
 Diversity of talent
   T T h h e e G G r r o o u u p p b b r r i i n n g g s s t t o o g g e e t t h h e e r r p p e e o o p p l l e e w w i i t t h h d d i i ffff e e r r e e n n t t b b a a c c k k g g r r o o u u n n d d s s a a n n d d d d i i v v e e r r s s e e v v a a l l u u e e s s , , r r e e g g a a r r d d l l e e s s s s o o f f n n a a t t i i o o n n a a l l i i t t y y o o r r g g e e n n d d e e r r, , a a n n d d w w i i l l l l m m a a k ke e f f u u l l l l u u s s e e o o f f i i t t s s d d i i v v e e r r s s e e s s t t r r e e n n g g t t h h s s t t o o a a c c c c e e l l e e r r a a t t e e i i n n n n o o v v a a t t i i o o n n . .
 Nursing Care & Healthcare Business 25,154 people 34%
Domestic Life Insurance Business 2,666 people 4%
Total
Domestic P&C Insurance Business
36,018 people 48%
74,664
people
Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business 10,826 people
14%
  Ratio of female employees in managerial positions
24.2
Digital talent (Those who have completed DX basic training)
4,000
people
Real figures as of March 31, 2021
Ratio of foreign national officers*1
% Ratio of female officers
13.6
“MY Mission” training*2 FY2023 target
8.6
%
FY2023 target
Completion by all eligible trainees
%
  *1. Ratio of executive officers of the company
*2. Training for diverse human resources aimed at realizing mission-driven work styles. Key factors are
mastering the concepts and methods of “MY Mission 1-on-1” and developing human resources who can demonstrate leadership.
         18 Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 19
PURPOSE

     SOMPO’s Strengths 3 Strong problem-solving abilities
In addition to providing insurance, the Group has been using its amassed insurance-related know-how to engage in various busi- nesses, including disaster prevention/mitigation, agriculture, and nursing care, and has leveraged its business diversity to solve social issues in various areas. We deploy large amounts of real, high-quality data obtained through our various businesses to create new customer value, which we believe will help realize a sustainable society and enhance corporate value. Going forward, we will utilize these real data to develop solutions in multiple fields. Our aim is to establish a Real Data Platform (RDP) as a valuable frame-
1work for addressing social issues in order to further refine the Group’s problem-solving capabilities. Insurance and Disaster
Prevention/ The Group analyzes vast amounts of loss data (big data) Mitigation Relevant data accumulated over many years to provide reliable insurance
Disaster Prevention/Mitigation
Using disaster prediction to mini- mize the extent of damage
Due to the frequent occurrence of natural disas- ters, the total annual amount of insurance claims paid by domestic property and casualty insurance companies exceeded ¥1 trillion for two consecutive years from fiscal 2018, and we expect this so-called “new normal” situation to continue. Using a variety of information on the past disasters and damage forecasts, as well as data on insurance claims payments, the Group aims to develop solutions that help local governments improve the quality of their services to residents and strengthen the resilience of companies.
Nursing Care
Improving quality and productivity in the nursing care sector
There are concerns that the gap between supply and demand for nursing care will continue widening due to the declining birthrate with aging population, and shortage of workers. The Sompo Group will work to address these issues and utilize data to improve quality and productivity in the nursing care sector. First of all, we will conduct proof of concept at our own nursing care facilities, with the aim of improving the quality of our services by developing solutions that will become a standard operating system (OS) across the sector.
            Number of provided solutions that con- tributed to disaster prevention/mitigation
coverage and develop new products and services. We also use our expertise in quantifying risk to prevent loss- es and provide measures to mitigate damage caused by disasters. We will continue striving to create a resilient and sustainable society by providing a wide range of services that predict and prevent diversifying risks and mitigate damage.
As an industry-leading global insurance company, we offer innovative products through AgriSompo, our integrated global agriculture platform which continues to develop insurance and reinsurance products. We also provide risk solutions for crop harvesting to agricultural professionals around the world. AgriSompo offers crop producers, farm- ers, and other agri-businesses comprehensive protection from financial losses resulting from droughts, floods, or other natural catastrophes using an integrated underwrit- ing, technological know-how, and distribution platforms. Going forward, we will continue developing products
and services tailored to climate change. Utilizing the Group’s extensive network, meanwhile, we will expand the AgriSompo platform globally to help promote a sustainable food supply system.
To address Japan’s rapidly aging population and declin- ing birthrate, we must tackle many challenges, such as securing and developing human resources to provide nursing care services. In light of various issues caused by this super-aging society, we provide a full lineup of nursing care services that can be used in a wide range of settings, from care facilities to the home. Our aim is to help Japan become an affluent country that can boast to the world of a long and quality life. In addition, we deploy information communications technology and digital technology to improve productivity and develop human resources, and we are strengthening the capacity of providing nursing care services in order to achieve the highest levels of quality and productivity.
 238
  2 Agriculture
3 Nursing Care
Relevant data
Number of countries where our agricultural
nsurance is offered i9
Real data
RDP
Real Data Platform
                      Relevant data
Mobility
Optimize services for mobility-impaired people
● Extend driving longevity
● Develop evaluation service for elderly drivers
Agriculture
Improve operational efficiency and profit- ability of agricultural workers
● Develop operational improve- ment service for farmers
Healthy Aging
Use data to extend healthy life expectancy ● Extend healthy life expectancy ● Develop consistent awareness
and behavior modification ser- vices for prevention, treatment, and prognosis
Number of care recipients
80,000
  20
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 21
PURPOSE

      Social Challenges Facing SOMPO
Social Value Delivered by SOMPO
        Protect people from future risks facing the society
  The Group has provided services of the highest quality possible for the security, health, and wellbeing of customers, and contributed to society through the insurance, nursing care, and other businesses. However, global trends are changing drastically, and as repre- sented by the SDGs, we are expected more than ever to foster the sustainable development of society through our own businesses. Amid changes in the business environment, we have identified various social challenges facing the Group, and based on SOMPO’s strengths and resources, we have identified two social challenges that the Group needs to address: “new normal” and “low birthrate and population aging.”
In the future, we expect uncertainty to increase as climate change and natural disasters become more severe while new and un- precedented risks will emerge as digital technology advances. Even in this “new normal” environment, we need to protect people from the risks they face and help create a society where people can live more safely and securely at all times.
Emergence of new risks
Cyber risk, global low interest rate environment, infectious diseases, etc.
Low birthrate and population aging have created a huge imbalance between “support providers” and “support recipients” leading
to a widening supply–demand gap in the medical and nursing care fields and a decline in the working-age population. As a result, social insurance financing became tight and social anxiety about the future is increasing. Even under such conditions, we need to create a society in which every person can live a healthy life with full of smiles in one’s own way. We aim to be the first in the world to solve Japan’s challenges in response to the global challenge of low birthrate and population aging.
In addition to climate change and natural disasters, new risks are emerging related to infectious diseases, cybercrimes, and the like that we may face in our daily lives and business operations. We aim to protect people from these risks and help create a society where all individuals can live more safely and securely.
By detecting and preventing risks (such as disaster prevention/mitigation, pre-disease, and disease prevention) that anyone may face when living in a society or running a business, we aim to protect people from these risks and create a society in which damage is minimized.
  Protect people from future risks and realize safer and more secure lifestyles
   New normal
  We deploy digital technology to develop products to address new risks in the “new normal” society and thus provide coverage and services that previously were impossible to offer.
  Climate change
Increasingly severe natural disasters and droughts, water resource depletion, ecosystem destruction, etc.
  We provide a wide range of contin- uous coverage services (including coverage for catastrophic risks and agricultural insurance) against intensifying natural disasters so society can continue to coexist with risks.
   Low birthrate and population aging
  Reduce risks, in addition to addressing contingencies
  Challenges facing Japan in 2040
 People aged 65 and over account for more than 35%* of the total population
 Senior households becoming more isolated as single-person households increase
 Decline in the working-age population resulting in fewer support providers
  We developed an AI-based “disas- ter damage prediction” model.
  We use real health-related data to provide prediction, prevention, and early detection services.
*Source: Japan’s Future Population Projections (2017 Estimates), National Institute of Population and Social Security Research
  22
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 23
PURPOSE

   Social Value Delivered by SOMPO
     Create a future society for healthy and happy lives
      Enable every senior (support recipient) to remain independent and enjoy healthy lives with full of smiles.
Foster the ability to change the future society with diverse talents and connections
Amid increasing uncertainty, we will analyze historical information and all kinds of facts and real data to understand future risks and deliver innovation.
Form an ecosystem to change the future society with a real data platform as its pivot
    Reduce the burden on the support-providing generation to create a society where people can pursue their dreams.
  We provide “visible” and “pre- dictable” services to support the nursing care industry by digitaliz- ing detailed daily information on approximately 100,000 people, including care facility workers, residents, and users.
   Provide new models/solutions designed to improve productivity and efficiency and thus help stabilize social security financing.
 By providing nursing care and healthcare services that make full use of digital and real data, as well as by developing new mobility services, we aim to cre- ate a society where both support providers and support recipients can enjoy healthy and happy lives in their own way.
  Transform future society by leveraging our diverse talent developed from our diversified business portfolio
  We provide high-quality disease, nursing care, and dementia pre- vention services.
 We leverage diverse talent across diverse businesses to deliver a variety of innovations.
   We leverage diverse talent in terms of gender, nationality, age, and career to create new solutions
and ecosystems that help address social challenges.
  We support the health of all gen- erations, including through fitness, diet, and life design assistance.
  By improving conditions for nursing care workers, we lead the industry in overcoming the shortage of human resources.
  We have developed a future model for nursing care facilities to make all residents and users happier.
  24 Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 25
PURPOSE

       MEGATREND
   SOMPO’s Purpose
 With “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing,” we aim to create a society in which every person can live a healthy, prosperous, and happy life in one’s own way.
Social value delivered by SOMPO
Protect people from future Create a future society for risks facing the society healthy and happy lives
Foster the ability to change the future society with diverse talents and connections
Value Creation Process
Inheriting DNA of solving social challenges, we create diverse value by leveraging mutually reinforcing elements of the Group’s ca- pacity to bring together diverse businesses and each business’ presence and competitive advantage in creating new value through solving problems with its own strengths, while also combining various types of capitals. Going forward, we will work to provide value on a larger scale through Real Data Platform (RDP), a framework for creating new solutions that contribute to Security, Health and Wellbeing by utilizing real data accumulated from each business.
Seeking to solidify our value creation ability by addressing social challenges, we have designated “SDGs in Business Management” as one of the Group Management Foundation in our Mid-Term Management Plan, which started in FY 2021. Drawing on a solid financial capital base and relationships of trust with various stakeholders (social and relationship capital), the Group will work together to implement the three core strategies of the plan, thereby steadily delivering value to society and making progress in achieving the SOMPO’s Purpose.
Social Challenges Facing SOMPO
      New normal
Low birthrate and population aging
           Domestic P&C Insurance Business
Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Nursing Care & Seniors Business
Digital Business
Healthcare Business
● P&C insurance (automobile insurance, fire insurance, liability insurance, etc.)
● Small-amount, short-term insurance; defined contribution pension plans
● Various services (risk management, assistance, extended warranty, etc.)
● P&C insurance (agricultural insurance, specialty insurance, property insurance, liability insurance, automobile insurance, travel insurance, etc.)
● Risk management services
● Life insurance (whole life insurance, income protection insurance, medical insurance)
● Health support service
● Residential/home care services
● Solution services for nursing care providers
● Contracted development of solutions/systems using digital technology
● BtoB auctions (consignment sales/purchase of vehicles involved in accidents, etc.)
● Big data analysis software platform service
● Lifestyle disease prevention services
● Mental health services
● Arrangement of appointments for medical check-
ups and physical examinations and payment
agency service
● Health management cloud service
RDP Real Data Platform
Partnership
                                         Input
 Outcome
  Financial capital
• Ability to generate cash flow, mainly from domestic non-life insurance, enabling the Group to make growth investment Revenue: ¥3,434.2 billion
• Sound financial base and ample room for growth
Adjusted consolidated net assets: ¥2,755.5 billion
• Achieve sustainable growth
• Maintain and improve capital efficiency to
Adjusted consolidated profit: ¥202.1 billion Adjusted consolidated ROE: 8.0%
Risk diversification ratio: 39.4% Overseas business ratio: 14.9%
Financial capital
  meet shareholders’ expectations
• Diversify business to support earnings stability
  • Contribute to society as the infrastructure that supports people’s lives
• Enhance brand power with “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing”
• Increase presence through engagement in inter- national initiatives
• Solve issues through social contribution activi- ties with stakeholders
Net claims paid: ¥1,519.8 billion
Number of care recipients: Approx. 80,000 persons
Brand value: ¥56.3 billion*1
Participation in Davos Conference: 6 times
Number of participants in community contri- bution activities in collaboration with NGOs and NPOs: 25,347 persons*2
Social and relationship capital
  Social and relationship capital
• Trust and responsibility with 130 years of history
• Customer base of around 20 million people
• Network with diverse stakeholders
• Trusted relationships with NPOs and NGOs
    • Strengthen human resource diversity as source of innovation
• Adopt new work styles to improve employee job satisfaction and happiness
• Produce motivated employees driven by “MY Mission” training
Ratio of female employees in management positions: 24.2%
Achieve average Gallup Q12 target by FY2023:
Domestic: 3.70pts*3
Overseas: 4.10pts*3
Complete “MY Mission” training for all eligible employees by FY2023
Human capital
  Human capital
• Human resources who share the Three
Core Values ( P.69)
• Strong problem-solving capability to turn social challenges into business oppor- tunities
• Digital talent aimed at accelerating DX
• Cross-group human resource system that fosters diversity
   • Proactively invest in digital technologies and lever- age industry-government-academia collaboration to deliver innovation
• Enhance a lineup of products/services that support the Security, Health, and Wellbeing of customers
• Reduce nursing care burden and contribute to a sustainable aging society
Number of solutions developed using tech- nologies (AI, RPA, etc.): 311*4
Newly developed products, services, and insurance policies: 109 types*5
Introduce future nursing care model at 258 facilities by FY2023
Intellectual capital
   Intellectual capital
• Environment enabling use of cut- ting-edge technologies
SOMPO Digital Lab: Global trilateral structure (Tokyo, Silicon Valley, and Tel Aviv) ( P.74)
Future Care Lab in Japan: R&D on new nursing care ( P.64)
• Large volumes of high-quality real data accumulated from multiple businesses
• Corporate culture unafraid of change
  SDGs in Business Management
P.44
Capital policy/ERM
P.58, P.101
Governance
P.82
Natural capital
• Emphasize business activities that consider Greenhouse gas emissions reduction rate: climate change and biodiversity, etc. 15% reduction*6
    Increase renewable energy introduction rate: By FY2030: 70% or higher
By FY2050: 100%
 *1. Based on a survey by Interbrand Japan, Inc.
*2. Simple aggregate of participants in community activities that contribute to disaster prevention/mitigation in collaboration
with NPOs/NGOs, etc. and information dissemination activities, educational opportunities related to environmental
protection
*3. Results of employee engagement survey provided by Gallup, Inc.
*4. Simple aggregate of number of solutions developed by Sompo Holdings, Sompo Japan, Sompo Himawari Life
Insurance, and Sompo Care (FY2016–FY2020)
*5. Simple aggregate of number of products, services, and special policy newly developed by Sompo Japan, and Sompo
Himawari Life Insurance (FY2016–FY2020) *6. FY2020 Results (Compared with FY2017)
 Group Management Foundation
     26
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 27
New Mid-Term Management Plan Three core strategies
     PURPOSE
New Work Style
New Customer Value Creation Scale and Diversification

Financial and Pre-Financial Highlights
  Adjusted Consolidated Profit / Adjusted Consolidated ROE
Adjusted consolidated profit (Billions of yen) Adjusted consolidated ROE (%)
Increased profit and high capital efficiency
Adjusted consolidated profit in fiscal 2020 totaled ¥202.1 billion, and adjusted consolidated ROE reached a record-high 8.0%. We made steady progress toward achieving our fiscal 2023 targets of ¥300 billion and 10% or higher, respectively.
Increased earnings stability and resilience
Seeking to improve earnings stability and build a resilient business portfolio, we have set risk diver- sification ratio* and overseas business ratio* as KPIs under our new Mid-Term Management Plan. By fiscal 2023, the final year of the plan, we aim to raise the risk diversification ratio (from 39.4% in fiscal 2020) and achieve an overseas business ratio of 30% or higher.
* P.149 for definitions of risk diversification ratio and over- seas business ratio.
Attractive shareholder returns achieved
Total shareholder returns (dividends paid + share buybacks) steadily increased in line with growth
in adjusted consolidated profit. We will continue aiming to realize attractive shareholder returns. We expect to pay year-on-year increases in dividends for the eighth consecutive periods (including our forecast for fiscal 2021). Our policy under the new Mid-Term Management Plan is to continue increasing dividends and raising the ratio of dividends to shareholder returns.
Enhanced shareholder value driven by
SOMPO’s Purpose
Total shareholder returns* over the past 10 years have outperformed other companies in our industry. We will continue targeting steady growth in shareholder value through initiatives aimed at realizing SOMPO’s Purpose.
*Total Shareholder Return is the rate of return after reinvest- ment of dividends.
Net Premiums Written
(Billions of yen) 2,854.7
2,550.3 2,718.1
(FY) 2016 2017 2018
2,825.4 2,923.5
2019 2020
Protect people from future risks facing the society
Materiality: Provide preparedness for all types of risk
Net premiums written in fiscal 2020 totaled ¥2,923.5 billion, up ¥98.0 billion year on year. This was due to a significant increase in revenue from Sompo International, which handles our over- seas insurance and reinsurance business. Going forward, we will continue protecting people from future risks facing the society by enhancing preparedness for all types of risks through insurance services, which form the core of the Group’s business.
Create a future society for healthy and happy lives
To help create a future society full of health and happiness, the Group provides a wide range of offerings, from insurance prod- ucts that support good health to healthcare and nursing care services. The diversity of our businesses is one of our strengths. Leveraging this strength, we will foster a sustainable aging society by providing solutions that support the health and happiness of people at all life stages.
Foster the ability to change the future society with diverse talents and connections
Committed to creating “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing,” the Sompo Group, which operates various busi- nesses, leverages its diverse human resources, a strength that is unmatched by other companies. We welcome the “good clashes” (clashes of knowledge) that occur when diverse human resources come together and are committed to creating innovations that generate new value.
Advancing “SOMPO Climate Action” initiatives
As part of “SDGs in Business Management,” positioned as a Group Management Foundation, we have launched “SOMPO Climate Action” to expedite our efforts to tackle climate change. To mitigate climate change, in fiscal 2021 we set a new green- house gas reduction target of becoming “carbon neutral in 2050.” To this end, we are helping create a greener society where the economy, society, and environment are in harmony, for example by switching electricity used in the Group’s main buildings to renewable energy.
  7.6
183.2 6.4 6.4
8.0
202.1
2020
      162.7 4.5 113.5
150.8
      (FY) 2016 2017 2018 2019
  Risk Diversification Ratio / Overseas Business Ratio
Contributing to People’s Health through Insurhealth®
Health Support through Health Guidance Business and Mental Health Services
 Risk diversification ratio (%)
Overseas business ratio (%)
39.8 40.0
39.4
27.1 29.1
33.2
14.9 2019 2020
60.7
Number of policies in force
End of FY2020: 330,000 End of FY2023: 1.3 million
 Materiality: Provide solutions for healthy and happy lives Contribute to a sustainable aging society
    Sales of health guidance business
End of FY2020: ¥3,174 million End of FY2021: ¥3,519 million Sales of mental health services
End of FY2020: ¥1,359 million End of FY2021: ¥1,485 million
 Number of nursing care users
End of FY2020: 80,000 End of FY2023: 120,000
  (FY)
34.2 34.9 2016 2017
2018 2019 2020
10.9 (FY) 2016
2017
2018
Supporting More People through Nursing Care Services
Ratio of officers and employees by business
  Shareholder Returns
Cash dividends (Billions of yen)
Share buybacks (Billions of yen)
1.5% 5.4%
11.5%
End of FY2011
Domestic P&C Insurance Business
Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business Domestic Life Insurance Business
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business, etc.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scope 1–3)*
 91.6
81.3
81.9
90.0 101.0 54.7
81.6%
33.7%
48.2%
Materiality: A group of talent who can change future society
     42.2
(FY) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
35.4
Dividends ¥90.00 ¥110.00 ¥130.00 per Share
Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
3.6%
48.4
End of FY2020
 14.5%
 ¥150.00 ¥170.00
Note: Indexed to 100 from March 31, 2011
   Sompo Holdings
50 March 2011 Source: Bloomberg
TOPIX
TOPIX (insurance sector)
March 2016
(t-CO2) 285,222 278,207
(FY) 2017 2018
300 250 200 150 100
269,919
2019
241,946
2020
Materiality: Contribute to a greener society where the economy, society and environment are in
harmony
      March 2021
*Total of Scope 1 (direct emissions from use of gasoline, etc.), Scope 2 (indirect emissions from energy sources, such as electricity), and Scope 3 (indirect emissions from entire value chain, including transportation and business travel). The scope of calculation covers the Company and its major consolidated subsidiaries. Note that emissions for FY2017–2019 have been recalculated based on fiscal 2020 calculation methodologies.
[Third-party verification] To ensure the reliability of reported figures, Sompo Holdings has received a third-party verification from Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance Limited (LRQA) for its calculation of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1–3) in fiscal 2020.
  28
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 29
PURPOSE

                                               V
Creation Process
Three core strategies
Six businesses
Group Business Foundation
V
a
a
l
l
u
u
e
e
C
        STRATEGY
How should we create value?
Starting with our value creation story that aims to achieve our purpose, we employed a backcasting process to formulate a new Mid-term Management Plan that sets out how the Sompo Group intends to deliver value to society over the next three years. By leveraging three core strategies that encompass our evolution towards a Real Data Platform developer, as well as an SDGs in Business Management that is geared towards achieving our purpose, the Sompo Group will materialize the vision of becoming “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Well-being” over the next three years.
RDP
           Three core strategies
 1
Scale and Diversification
 2
New Customer Value Creation
 3
New Work Style
         M
nagement
M
a
a
SDGs in
S
B
usiness
B
u
n
Group Business Foundation Governance
  Capital policy/ ERM
  30
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 31
C
ut
I
I
Ca
n
n
p
p
ap
p
u
i
i
t
tal
SOMPO’s Purpose
  Outcome Capital
STRATEGY

History of Strategy
 Since NKSJ Holdings, Inc. (now Sompo Holdings, Inc.) was founded in 2010, the Group worked on establishing a foundation
for growth and business foundation by integrating the management of the Domestic P&C Insurance Business and Domestic Life Insurance Business and boosting the profitability of existing businesses, while proactively shifting business resources to growth areas, such as the full entry into the nursing business. Following this, under the previous Mid-Term Management Plan from FY2016 to FY2020 the company worked on a variety of priority issues, such as the establishment and reinforcement of the superiority of each business, appropriate allocation of management resources across the Group, enhancement of the governance system, and
promotion of workforce diversity, in order to realize the Group Management Philosophy to “contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of customers and society as a whole.” In addition, the company expanded the Overseas Business and made the Nursing Care Business profitable at an early stage, diversified business portfolio and revenue sources through new investment into growth areas and advancing digital strategy, and accelerated a transformation (qualitative evolution) toward the realization of “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.”
 FY2010-2015
Proactively shift business resources to growth areas
by improving the profitability of existing businesses Maximizing synergies from business integration
  FY2016-2020 (previous Mid-Term Management Plan)
Establishing a business foundation and demonstrating the effects of measures
towards the realization of “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing”
   Main KPIs
FY2015 targets
Adjusted consolidated profit: ¥167.3bn Adjusted consolidated ROE: 6.6%
FY2020 targets
Adjusted consolidated profit: ¥205.0bn-¥215.0bn Adjusted consolidated ROE: Approximately 8.0%
      Actuals
Review of strategy
Main KPIs actuals
Domestic P&C Insurance Business
● Enhancement of business efficiency through merger and early integration of the two core companies
● Sharing and advancing expertise to provide high-quality products and services
● Improvement of underwriting result, including revision of automobile insurance
grading system
● Expanding customer base using direct channels
Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business
● Contributing to earnings through M&A, partnerships, and local market develop- ment in the insurance business
● Execution of well-balanced M&A in the retail sector, mainly automobile insurance in emerging countries, and in the specialty sector in Europe and the U.S.
Domestic Life Insurance Business
● Swift and smooth merger of the two companies
● Expand weight and scale of protection-type products
Other
● Full entry into services business, including acquisition of nursing care and reno- vation businesses
 FY2015 actuals
Adjusted consolidated profit: ¥164.3bn Adjusted consolidated ROE: 6.9%
  Challenges
● Profitability of the insurance business improved in Japan only, and challenges were to pursue scale and efficiency comparable to global players and implement a structural shift into the a service industry
● Transformation with an eye to the VUCA age with an uncertain future
  Domestic P&C Insurance Business
● Execution of earning structure reforms, including pricing strategies and expense reduction measures
● Mitigate risks by reducing natural disasters risks and selling strategic shareholdings
● Create new customer touchpoints, and establish new sources of earnings
Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business
● Large-scale acquisition of Endurance (now SOMPO International) and steady implementation of PMI
● Accelerating growth by using global platform and expanding business foundation using bolt-on M&As
Domestic Life Insurance Business
● Transformation and expansion into a health support enterprise centered around Insurhealth®
● Developing health support service Linkx
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business
● Strengthening governance through mergers and integrations of Group companies
● Achieving profitability early by improving occupancy rates
● Executing investments for the future, such as by establishing
Future Care Lab in Japan
Groupwide strategy
● Implement digital strategy and establish trilateral global system ● Promoting digitalization of existing businesses and implementing
data-driven business strategy
● Diversifying and securing the stability of businesses and revenue
sources
● Introducing a Business Owner system, and Group Chief Officer
(CxO) system, building foundation for Group governance by be-
coming a Company with Committees structure
● Improving productivity, achieving a mission-based work-style,
and globalizing management by changing corporate culture
 FY2020 actuals
Adjusted consolidated profit: ¥202.1bn Adjusted consolidated ROE: 8.0%
 ● Accelerating transformation to adapt to social structure and behavioral changes in the era with/after COVID-19 ● Long-term approach to increasingly severe social challenges
 Adjusted consolidated profit (¥bn) 1.6
Adjusted consolidated ROE (%)
6.4 4.5 6.4
6.9 5.1
2014 2015
7.6
8.0
         27.6
2010 2011
1.2
20.7
-10.9
1.9
35.5
113.6
164.3
183.2
162.7
113.5
150.8
  -96.8
 • Establishment of
• Establishment of NKSJ NKSJ Himawari Life
• Establishment of Sompo Japan Nipponkoa
• Acquisition of Watami no Kaigo
• Establishment of SOMPO Digital Lab
• Acquisition of Endurance
• Establishment of Sompo Care
• Establishment of Palantir Technologies Japan
Holdings Insurance
• Introduction of a Business Owner system
• Introduction of Group CxO system
• Became a Company with Committees structure
*Figures for the 2010 to 2015 period are based on the current definition of adjusted profit
2012 2013
2016
2017 2018
2019 2020
  32
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 33
202.1
STRATEGY

Initiatives of each business under the previous Mid-Term Management Plan
Under the previous Mid-Term Management Plan, which was started in fiscal 2016, the company achieved steady growth based on the efforts that had been made by each business, accelerated new investments in growth areas and digital strategy for the future, and made steady progress in qualitative evolution toward the realization of “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.” The Domestic P&C Insurance Business worked on structural reform of the business foundation to strengthen the profitability of existing business as well as the development of new businesses. The Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business made progress toward the establishment of a global platform through reorganizing subsidiaries and expanding business scale through disciplined M&A, such as the acquisition of Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (now Sompo International Holdings Ltd.).
Improving business efficiency
• Improving quality, productivity, and spe- cialization
• Optimization of rates and streng7t3h8e.2ning of reinsurance
• Structural reform of sales network
• Leveraging digital technologies
• Reduction of strategic shareholdings
• Earning structure reform
The Domestic Life Insurance Business developed and sold new products and services to transform into a health support enter- prise centered around Insurhealth®. The Nursing Care & Healthcare Business implemented measures to improve the service quality and productivity of existing nursing facilities, as well as worked on human resource development Initiatives in the digital field were stepped up, with proactive formation of partnerships with a variety of players and appointing external talent.
                          Main KPIs actuals
Domestic P&C Insurance Business
                • • •
•
• •
Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business
Accelerating growth through organic growth and M&A
Main KPIs actuals
Adjusted profit: ¥30.0bn Premiums written (¥bn)
738.2
294.3
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2
(FY)
                23.5
62.6%
Acquisition of Endurance Global platform strategy
  95.0% 94.3%
  7%
PIX business
Group
Evolving busi ness model
89.4%
Accelerating growth through organic growth and bolt-on M&A
Growing into one of the world’s largest agricultural insurance providers
Future challenges
Improving stability of performance Boosting profitability
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
(FY)
Nursing Care & Healthcare Business
Ensuring stable profits by
60.7%
TOPIX
(End of FY)insurance business
Future challenges
Acquiring resilience
Long-term approach to addressing social challenges
Realizing attractive shareholder returns
94.3%
  294.3
• • •
Strengthening superiority of each
business 80.8% Introduction of Business Owner
system, Group CxO system
Became a Company with Commit-
2020
• Execution of large-scale M&A
• Development of digital busi- ness structure
• Investment in Palantir
 Future challenges
• Strengthening resilience to natural disas- ters
 • Further improvement of profitability
tees structure
2015 2016 2017 2018S2O0M1P9O2020
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
2018
2019
                                           (FY)
Boosting value in force Strengthening customer contact
• Strengthening customer contact through the launch of Linkx 62.6%
• Insurhealth®*3 product development and sales launch 89.4%
• Increase in in-force policies with a focus
on protection type products
Future challenges
• Adapting to a low interest environment
(FY)
   Main KPIs actuals
                                                                                                                                                                  • •
•
Main KPIs actuals
Adjusted profit: ¥7.3bn Occupancy rate
                              62.6%
95.0% 60.7% 94.3%
738.2
23.5
80.8%
boosting quality and productivity
• Early-stage profitability for the nursing business
 • Development of dementia services
     738.2
95.0%
738.2 23.5
 SOMPO 2018 2019 2020 insurance business
insurance business
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
2019 2020
2015 2016
2017
2018 2019 2020
2018
2019 2020
(End of FY)
(FY)
(End of FY)
60.7%
• Improving occupancy rate
• Improving quality and productivity
• Securing talent by enhancing benefits
• Development of internal management system
• Merger of subsidiaries in the nursing business
Future challenges
89.4% 80.8%
2015 2016 2017 2018 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
2017 2018
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
(FY)
294.3
   294.3
           80.8%
• Strengthening sales network, differentia- tion strategy
• Closing the supply-demand gap in the industry
 TOPIX 2015 2016
• External offering of expertise
  19 2020
(FY)
2015 2016
2017
SOMPO
TOPIX
2018 2019
2020
(FY)
(FY)
(FY)
(FY)
            *1: After the announcement of the previous Mid-Term Management Plan (May 26, 2016) to the end of March 2021; source: Bloomberg *2: Sompo Japan (excl. CALI, household earthquake) E/I combined ratio (=E/I loss ratio + net expense ratio)
*3: Insurhealth®: a new, unprecedented value that combines preparing for “just in case” scenarios (insurance) with functions that support everyday life (healthcare)
 34
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 35
95.0%
94.3%
Adjusted profit: ¥130.1bn
E/I combined ratio*2
        2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
(FY)
Adjusted consolidated profit:
¥202.1bn Adjusted consolidated ROE:
      Main KPIs actuals
Domestic Life Insurance Business
 Adjusted profit: ¥33.8bn
Annualized Premiums in force of Insurhealth® products (¥bn)
8.0%
                      2018 2019 2020
(FY)
23.5
Total shareholder return*1
   STRATEGY
                                                                                                                                                                               .
O0 e
0

New Mid-Term Management Plan
  Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2021-2023)
  Goals
P.38-39
Realization of “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing”
● Adjusted consolidated profit: ¥300.0bn or more
● Adjusted consolidated ROE: 10% or more
● Demonstrating the effect of risk diversification
● A solution provider that goes beyond the boundaries of insurance
    In order to have a strong business foundation that can withstand rapid changes in the environment, such as increasingly servere natural disasters and spread of COVID-19, progress will be made toward improving profitability and productivity and expanding the customer base mainly in the insurance and nursing care business- es. We will also grow businesses and profits by utilizing M&A and other means to reform our business portfolio and enhance capital efficiency.
 1 Scale and Diversifi­
cation
   2 New Customer
Value Creation
In addition, we will capture the tide of change brought about by digital technology and data, and aim to deliver unprecedented value by focusing on the new business development in areas with a high affinity to existing business and building a Real Data Platform that organically links real data from each business and field (actual data obtained from society and daily life).
 3 New Work Style
Three Core strategies
  In order to ensure sustainable growth for the group, it is essential to increase job satisfaction and happiness of each and every employ- ee and achieve high productivity. We will push forward with various system reforms and human resources development to become a group of talent that embodies our three core values (mission-driv- en, professionalism, and diversity & inclusion).
   SDGs in Business Management
P.44
Capital policy & ERM Governance
P.51 P.51
A new Mid-Term Management Plan started in FY2021. Since it is difficult to predict the future with certainty in the VUCA age, this plan covers a three-year period through FY2023.
The new Mid-Term Management Plan describes in detail the initiatives that will be undertaken over the next three years based on the vision for society and value delivered to society as outlined in SOMPO’s Purpose. By making steady progress on the three core strategies derived from SOMPO’s Purpose—Scale and Diversification, New Customer Value Creation, and New Work Style—the company aims to achieve the goals of adjusted consolidated profit of ¥300.0bn or more and adjusted consolidated ROE of 10% or higher.
    SOMPO’s Purpose
With “A Theme Park for Security, Health and Wellbeing,” create a society in which every person can live a healthy, prosperous and happy life in one’s own way
Protect people from future risks facing the society
Create a future society for healthy and happy lives
Foster the ability to change the future society with diverse talents and connections
        SOMPO’s Strengths
  The social challenges facing SOMPO
Low birthrate and population aging
  New normal
   36
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 37
Group Management Philosophy
STRATEGY

New Mid-Term Management Plan
 Management targets and main KPIs
We will aim to achieve adjusted consolidated profit of ¥300.0bn or more and adjusted consolidated ROE of 10% or more by FY2023, and over the mid- to long-term aim to create market utilizing RDP (Real Data Platform) and achieve revenue of over ¥500.0bn.
By pursuing top-line (revenue) and bottom-line (profit) in each business, we will increase Group profits and ROE, reduce strategic shareholdings and interest risk, and develop new business. Through this, we will enhance the effect of diversification and achieve our targets.
 Domestic P&C Insurance
 FY2020 actual
  FY2021 forecast
  FY2023 plan
 Adjusted profit by business
¥130.1bn
 ¥105.0bn
 ¥150.0bn or more
Net premiums written*1
 ¥1,903.4bn
  ¥1,929.3bn
  ¥2,000.0bn
E/I combined ratio*1
 94.3%
   94.8%
   91.7%
 Reduction of strategic shareholdings
 ¥70.3bn
 ¥50.0bn
 ¥50.0bn (Three-year total: ¥150.0bn)
             FY2020 actual
FY2021 forecast
FY2023 plan
            Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance
 FY2020 actual
  FY2021 forecast
  FY2023 plan
 Adjusted profit by business
¥30.0bn
 ¥60.0bn
 ¥100.0bn or more
 GWP growth rate*2
 +37.8%
+10.2%
 Annual rate approximately +9%
E/I combined ratio*2
  97.8%
 91.7%
  88% level
Adjusteds consolidated profit
¥202.1bn
¥205.0bn
¥300.0bn or more*
           Adjusted consolidated ROE
8.0%
7.4%
10% or more
 Domestic Life Insurance
 FY2020 actual
  FY2021 forecast
  FY2023 plan
 Adjusted profit by business
¥33.8bn
¥32.5bn
¥40.0bn or more
Annualized new premiums*3
 ¥29.8bn
  ¥43.0bn
  ¥50.0bn
Policies in force
 4.26 million
   4.43 million
   5 million
 Investment for ALM matching*4
 —
 ¥300.0bn
 ¥300.0bn (Three-year total: ¥900.0bn)
               Risk diversi- fication ratio
Overseas business ratio
39.4%
40.2%
Improvement on FY2020
      Nursing Care and Seniors
 FY2020 actual
  FY2021 forecast
  FY2023 plan
 Adjusted profit by business
¥7.3bn
 ¥6.5bn
 ¥8.0bn or more
 Revenue
 ¥131.8bn
¥137.5bn
 ¥162.0bn
Occupancy rate*5
  89.4%
 90.8%
  93.8%
14.9%
29.3%
30% or more
            New Customer Value Creation
—
—
External sales/ monetization of products/ser- vices
(Two businesses or more)
 New Customer Value Creation
          *The plan is based on the assumption of organic growth. We will increase the probability of achieving the plan by adding 30.0 billion yen in profit through M&A to offset downside risks (30.0 billion yen) due to the impact of natural disasters and other factors beyond our expectations.
FY2023 plan
External sales and mon- etization of products/ services utilizing RDP
*1: Sompo Japan (excl. CALI, household earthquake)
*4: 30-year maturity equivalent *5: As of the end of the fiscal year
*3: Sales performance base
Two busi- nesses or more
*2: Sompo International (SI) commercial business
Mid- to long-term targets
Group revenue generated by the utilization of RDP
Over ¥500.0bn
  38
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 39
STRATEGY
Diversification effect

New Mid-Term Management Plan Three Core Strategies 1 Scale and Diversification
2 New Customer Value Creation By utilizing vast amounts of real data obtained from each of
our businesses both inside and outside the Group, we will create significant added value that will enrich people’s lives. It will also help realize a sustainable society and enhance corpo- rate value.
In addition to our strengths in the insurance and nursing care businesses, we will combine real data—obtained through the launch of new digital businesses—with the know-how and
   Acquiring Resilience
To prepare for the “new normal” era, characterized by climate change, global warming, and continuation of the global ul- tra-low interest rate environment, we will accelerate efforts related to our “Scale and Diversification” strategy in order to build a resilient portfolio. Our scale and diversification strategy will focus on three insurance businesses where we have estab- lished a solid management base: domestic P&C insurance, overseas insurance and reinsurance, and domestic life insur- ance. In the domestic P&C insurance business, for example,
we will further improve profitability and strengthen our ability to generate cash through the completion of earnings structure re- form. In the overseas insurance and reinsurance business, we will achieve growth through disciplined M&As while increasing revenue and realizing high profit growth based on hardening insurance market. And in the domestic life insurance business, we will leverage Insurhealth® to develop a new customer base and thus increase revenue.
technological capabilities of our partner companies, to provide subscription-based solutions externally that are not limited to conventional domains.
Through our Real Data Platform (RDP), we aim to help solve social issues and achieve medium-to long-term profit growth through the process of expanding profits in existing business- es, creating new customer value through collaboration among businesses, and ultimately forming an ecosystem.
     1
2
Monetize through external sales
RDP development process
3
Create ecosystem
Improve prof- itability through efficiency
 Delivery of solutions with SOMPO as hub
Sales of subscription-based software/solutions
  Solutions development (Productivity improvement model, etc.)
External collaboration Business collaboration
    Individual businesses
SOMPO’s strengths
Leading player
in the insurance and nursing care businesses
Social challenges facing SOMPO
Low birthrate New normal and population
aging
     20 million insurance customers
60,000 employees
×
100,000 nursing care user data
Know-how/ data net- works
  Growth rate of net premiums written*1
E/I combined ratio*1
Climate change/global warming
● Complete earnings structure reform
> Optimize pricing, especially for fire insurance >Review high-loss contracts using AI-based
underwriting in collaboration with Palantir >Reform organizational and work processes
using digital technologies
● Manage domestic storm and flood dam- age risks
● Continue reducing strategic holding stocks
Approx. +1.5% (per annum)*2
91.7%*3
Growth rate of gross premiums written*4
E/I combined ratio*4
Disciplined M&As
● Increase revenue by keeping ahead of hardening insurance market
● Improve profitability by maintaining a disci- plined underwriting policy
● Further improve operational efficiency through strict cost controls and optimal staff allocation
● Share best practices across retail plat- forms to improve profitability
● Execute disciplined M&As
Approx. +9% (Annual rate)*2
88% range*3
Global ultra-low interest rate environment
    Domestic P&C Insurance Business
Profit growth/stable cash flow
generation by the pursuit of profitability
Prepare for uncertainty, acquire resilience
Overseas Insurance Business
High profit growth through rate
increases that reflect market hardening
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Revenue growth by developing
new customer segments through Insurhealth®.
Annualized new premiums*5
Policies in force
● Growth driven by Insurhealth®, deploy data to strengthen health support contact points, and expand number of customers
● Promote low-cost operations by concen- trating the administrative work of sales branches at head office, reducing head office floor space, and integrating branch offices
● Improve capital efficiency by reducing interest rate risk
¥50.0 billion*3
5 million*3
 Contribution to addressing social challenges
   Business size (revenue)
Aim for ¥500.0bn+
in the medium- to long-term
        Companies with know-how
     *1 Sompo Japan (excl. CALI, household earthquake) *2 FY2021–2023 *3 FY2023 *4 Sompo International (SI) commercial business *5 Sales performance basis
Aiming for a well­balanced business portfolio through scale and diversification
Group CDO Message
In contrast to virtual data generated on the Internet, the importance of so-called real data, which is tied to the actual lives of customers, will become even more important in the future. In addition to our core insurance and nursing care business, we will utilize real data from new digital businesses, as well as real data collected through external collaborations with other companies. We will also deploy the technology and expertise of Palantir, which has a proven track record at the global level, to build a one-of-a-kind RDP.
Through our RDP, we will encourage enterprises and government agencies to funda- mentally transform their operations and management decisions in a data-driven manner. We believe this will enable us to increase our flexibility to address challenges in the so- called VUCA era and enhance our competitiveness to win on the global stage, which in turn will lead to enhance social value.
Koichi Narasaki
Group CDO
Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Officer
 Overseas business ratio 15%
FY2020 (actual) Adjusted consolidated profit
¥202.1bn
Overseas business ratio 30% or higher
Domestic P&C insurance Overseas insurance
Domestic life insurance Nursing care & healthcare, etc.
FY2023 (plan) Adjusted consolidated profit
¥300.0bn+
Domestic P&C insurance Overseas insurance Domestic life insurance Nursing care & seniors Other
From our perspective, one of the significant aspects of our RDP is the creation of a
software business model. By acquiring, utilizing, and analyzing real data, we will provide customers with subscription-based solutions to various social issues in the software business.
Ultimately, our goal is to become a solution provider that is considered indispensable to Japanese industry, and we are also looking to expand globally.
     40
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 41
STRATEGY
Initiatives
Data integration

New Mid-Term Management Plan Three Core Strategies 2 New Customer Value Creation
3 New Work Style
As one of the key strategies of our new Mid-Term Management
Plan, we are promoting “New Work Style” to increase engage- ment and happiness of employees and achieve an overwhelm- ingly high level of productivity. Our aim is to create a group
of talent who share our Three Core Values (Mission-Driven, Professionalism, and Diversity & Inclusion) and will be the
Create the ideal group of talent who share the Three Core Va
Mission-Driven Professionalism
Diversity & Inclusio
Clarify one’s own mission (life and work)
Promote self-directed career development
Enhance “Happiness at work”
Create an environment that turns diversity into power
Group CHRO Message
The COVID-19 pandemic has provided an opportunity for people to reaffirm the impor- tance of social sustainability. As a company, meanwhile, we are expected to take a stance to help realize a sustainable society. We value the happiness of our employees, who are an important part of our multi-stakeholder group, in their work as much as we value the happiness of our customers, as we strive to create a sustainable society. The key to this is a Groupwide initiative called “SOMPO’s New Work Style.” It is one of the core strategies of our new Mid-Term Management Plan and is the biggest project in the 130 years since the company was founded. The initiative is aimed at transforming our corporate culture.
Forming a group of talent who share our Three Core Values will be at the center of this effort. Those values are: “Mission-Driven” (where individuals employees are motivated by “MY Mission”— their own life mission in their work), “Professionalism” (acting autonomous- ly and achieving results based on a high level of professionalism and ethical standards), and “Diversity & Inclusion” (understanding the importance of diversity and linking it to the creation of new value). By practicing these values, we aim to achieve sustainable growth for SOMPO by improving the job satisfaction and happiness of each employee while mak- ing our customers more satisfied.
   Focus Areas and Progress
Seeking to strengthen our contribution to the SDGs and realize our Management Philosophy of becoming “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing,” we have selected five areas to focus on. In the future, we will leverage our unique business
RDP
structure and strengths to swiftly deliver solutions, and imple- ment those solutions to society through external sales and monetization.
Early delivery of solutions: External sales and monetization
driving force for realizing the SOMPO’s Purpose.
In addition, we will introduce a “productivity KPI index” as a
framework to systematize and visualize the status of our efforts to create new work styles. This will enable us to measure and improve our progress and results.
Digital work shift (personnel development)
DX planning personnel
Digital planning, execution, data gathering/utilization
DX specialists
Data science, design, engineering
DX support personnel
Digital understanding, appli- cation, development of others
Plan digital measures, drive organization
Possess high level skills, execute plans
Utilize digitalization, deliver value to customers
    Level 2
Outline solutions and examine potential market size
Level 3
Develop solutions, exam- ine profit size/timing
Level 4
Sell externally and monetize
      Improving productivity with quality in nursing care industry
(operational/vital/care data)
Disaster prevention & mitigation (Domestic P&C Insurance)
Minimize the extent of damage through disaster forecasting
(insurance policies/insurance claims/disaster data)
Mobility (Domestic P&C Insurance)
Level 1
Select and analyze domains
PoC of predictio
Extend driving life expectancy, etc.
Improve operations
Extend healthy life expectancy
  Nursing care (Nursing Care & Seniors)
Optimize services to people with poor access to transport
(self-driving OS/accident/insurance claims data)
Agriculture (Overseas Insurance)
Increase farmers’ operational efficiency and profits
(crop insurance data on soil/weather/yield, etc.)
 Current level of progress
New MTMP target
  Healthy aging (Healthcare Business)
Extend healthy life expectancy insurance no longer necessary
(data related to life insurance and healthcare)
       damage n model
Outreach based on Sell and monetize standard OS for PoC results nursing care providers
(First in Japan) Provide damage pre- diction system utilizing insurance claim data × AI
       Japan’s nursing care industry is facing two major social chal- lenges: a widening supply–demand gap and rising social se- curity costs stemming from growing demand from increasing number of elderly people and a shrinking labor force caused by falling birthrate. This will require an increase in both produc- tivity and quality of nursing care services, and the Group has begun taking steps to address such issues.
The fee-based nursing home facilities operated by Sompo Care Inc. generate a variety of data, including daily information on care for residents, various vital records to monitor their physical condition, informa-
tion obtained from sensors
and other devices, and care
schedules of facility opera-
tions. By integrating these
data, which previously were
stored in different locations, fa-
cility managers are now able to
quickly gather information and
make data-driven decisions. In
this way, we have proven that
it is possible to improve and
optimize nursing care opera-
tions by utilizing data.
Develop driving evaluation service for senior drivers
Develop solutions for operational improvement through horizontal/verti- cal integration/ analysis of data
Develop coherent services for mind- set/behavior changes in prevention, treatment, and prognosis
In addition to stepping up in-house development, we are now approaching outside nursing care providers to accumu- late more data and know-how, with the aim of developing solutions externally.
We are also looking at collaboration with medical institu- tions, which have many things in common with nursing care facilities, as well as engagement with other third parties. We are proceeding with development in the hope that our system will become the standard ecosystem for the nursing care industry.
PoC outcome 2: Rapid action based on the latest data
● Prioritization on resident care: Every morning, the system
notifies residents of any changes in their physical
condition
● Relevant vital data can be centrally represented to
complete the collection of necessary information
Verifies detailed data on residents whose physical condition has changed
Shinichi Hara
Group CHRO
Executive Vice President and Executive Officer
lues
n
                    Each and every employee will be a driving force. By combining MY Mission with SOMPO’s Purpose, we will provide new levels of value through our daily activities. At the same time, we will attract thousands of fans who will help us become “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.”
  42
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 43
New Work Style Aims
Every employee feels motivated and happy
Realize overwhelmingly high level of productivity
    PoC outcome 1: Improved decision-making accuracy through data integration
● Integrate data from different systems to optimally
represent the information needed to make decisions ● Clearly expresses comparisons and changes in
assessment, care schedules, and care performances, thus improving accuracy of decision-making for necessary countermeasures
   Assess- ment
 Care schedule
 Care records (care performance)
STRATEGY
Domain
Further growth in domains leveraging strengths

New Mid-Term Management Plan Group Business Foundation SDGs in Business Management
SOMPO’s Materiality
When we were considering SOMPO’s Purpose, our value creation story for its realization, and our new Mid-Term Management Plan, we engaged in rigorous discussions on what kind of social challenges we should address and what kind of value we should deliver in light of the Group’s strengths and resources. These discussions were based on our analyses of medium- and long-term megatrends and identification of social challenges. In addition, we comprehensively identified
Materiality identification process
  In the new Mid-Term Management Plan, we have positioned “SDGs in Business Management” as a new Group Business Foundation to create economic and social value by resolving social challenges through our core business in order to realize SOMPO’s Purpose. To this end, we will incorporate the social challenges, strategies, and actions that the Group is tackling into our management framework by defining materiality and KPIs. At the same time, we will implement the PDCA cycle by
communicating and promoting the outcomes of these activ- ities while objectivizing them in the universal language of the SDGs. Under our “SDGs in Business Management” policy,
we will make the most of our achievements and strengths in helping achieve SDGs through our core business, as well as our credentials as a platformer for social change. Our aim is to become a platformer for partnerships toward innovation and value creation.
social challenges and organized them into seven materialities that we will prioritize. These are based on international norms, such as the United Nations Global Compact and ISO 26000, and take into account issues of importance to society and stakeholders. Having set KPIs for each materiality, we will manage our progress and steadily implement the PDCA cycle aimed at achieving the SOMPO’s Purpose.
  SOMPO’s Purpose
 SOMPO’s value creation story
 SOMPO’s Materiality
 With “A Theme Park for Security, Health and Wellbeing,” create a society in which every person can live a healthy, prosperous and happy life in one’s own way.
Provide preparedness for all types of risk
Contribute to a sustainable aging society
SDGs focus areas
  PROCESS 1
Identify social challenges surrounding our business
Comprehensively identify social challenges surrounding SOMPO from the perspective of both their importance to management and their impact on stakeholders based on our value creation story and international norms, such as the United Nations Global Compact and ISO 26000
      Protect people from future risks facing the society
Create a future society for healthy and happy lives
Social challenges facing SOMPO
SOMPO’s strategy/actions
Contribute to a greener society where the economy, society, and environment are in harmony
  Provide solutions for healthy and happy lives
  We support the Sustainable Development Goals.
  PROCESS 2
Identify social challenges to be prioritized
Evaluate the importance of social challenges surrounding SOMPO based on their relationships with the SDGs (which represent a universal language) to identify social challenges the Group should prioritize through its business
SDGs matrix P.46-47
    A group of talent who can change future society
  Foster the ability to change the future society with diverse talents and connections
 Build a platform for partnerships towards creating value
   Brand strategy
SDGs in Business Management
Earnings power
   PROCESS 3
Organize into seven Materialities
(Key management themes)
Organize and integrate priority social challenges from the per- spective of the Group’s management strategy approach and organize them into seven Materialities as key management themes
   Platformer for partnerships toward innovation and value creation
 SOMPO’s Achievements and Strengths
Helping achieve the SDGs through our business/organizational culture and core business Since its birth as Japan’s first fire insurance company, the Group has
grown by providing solutions to changing social challenges through insurance and has inherited its founding DNA of solving social challenges. In recent years, we have transcended the framework
of insurance and evolved into a solution provider. For example, we made a full-scale entry into the nursing care business in order to tackle the social challenges of a low birthrate and population aging.
Achievements as a pioneer in CSR
The Group was one of the first financial institutions in Japan to set up Department of Global Environment when it participated in the Rio Earth Summit in 1992. We have since been a pioneer in advancing CSR initiatives. Since 1993, for example, we have held Open Lec- tures on the Environment in collaboration with environmental NPOs. We also have an extensive CSR track record on the global stage. For instance, we actively participate in the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), which was established in 1995. We are the only Japanese financial institution to be a member of WBCSD since its inception.
  Credentials of a Platformer
“A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing” Using real data to help achieve the SDGs Throughout the five years of its previous Mid-Term Management Plan, the Group has steadily transformed its operations and built “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.” Under the new
plan, we will leverage the diversity of our businesses to provide a wide range of solutions. At the same time, we will utilize the abundant real data generated by each business to build a Real Data Platform (RDP) as a mechanism for solving social challeng- es.
Network with stakeholders, and diversified talent
Backed by a diversified business portfolio, our various business- es have together built a diverse network of stakeholders that includes corporations, local governments, universities, and re- search institutions, as well as NPOs and NGOs. Our diversified business portfolio has also produced a group of diverse human resources who represent a valuable quality that helps the Group build multifaceted partnerships.
    Seven Materialities and KPIs
Provide preparedness for all types of risk
Prevent accidents and disasters, contribute to a resilient society
Provide solutions for healthy and happy lives Contribute to a sustainable aging society
A group of talent who can change future society Build a platform for partnerships towards creating value
    Each company’s SDGs promotion plan (PDCA)
 Contribute to a greener society where the economy, society, and environment are in harmony
 KPIs
P.48-49
      44
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 45
Prevent accidents and disasters, contribute to a resilient society
STRATEGY
KPI

New Mid-Term Management Plan Group Business Foundation Social challenges and SDGs SOMPO will address
This matrix organizes the relationship between social challenges facing SOMPO, which were identified in Process 1, and the core subjects of ESG and ISO 26000 by following the frameworks of ISO 26000. It also indicates the SDGs to which the Sompo Group will contribute through the provision of its products and services, etc. with 169 targets. Priority social challenges to address through
the Sompo Group’s business have also been identified through Process 2, which narrows down materiality candidates based on level of importance. These social challenges are organized, integrated, and systematized according to SOMPO’s strategy in Process 3, and are referred to as Materialities (key management themes for realizing SOMPO’s Purpose).
Process 3
Organize into seven Materialities
(Key management themes)
Provide preparedness for all types of risk
Prevent accidents and disasters, contribute to a resilient society
Contribute to a greener society where the economy, society and environment
are in harmony
Provide solutions for healthy and happy lives
Contribute to a sustainable aging society
A group of talent who can change future society
Build a platform for partnerships towards creating value
    Process 1
Identify social challenges surrounding our business
Process 2
Identify social challenges to be prioritized
                        ESG cate- gory
G
Labor practices
Community involvement and development
Consumer issues
The environment
ISO 26000 7 core subjects
Organizational governance
Fair operating practices
Human rights
Social challenges surrounding SOMPO
Refining governance Refining ERM
Strengthening cyber security
Strengthening compliance Anti-corruption
Value chain with considering ESG
Human dignity and Human Rights Risk 1.3 3.4 4.4 Preventing the spread of infectious diseases 3.3
Promoting a health and productivity management®* 3.4 Investment in HR (Lifelong Learning/Recurrent 4.4
Supporting regional development for regional revitalization
Promoting cultures and arts 4.7
Priority social challenges
STRATEGY
                 5.4
5.4 5.b 5.5
8.8 8.10
9.1
8.8 10.3 8.8 10.3
7.2 8.7 12.2 8.8 9.1 10.2
8.10
8.2
8.2
8.2 10.2 12.6 8.8
8.2 9.5 10.2
11.3
8.10 9.3 11.1 8.10 9.1 11.b 8.10 9.1 11.2
8.8 10.2
11.b
6.6 7.a 8.10 9.2 10.4 11.b 12.5 6.4 7.b 8.10 9.2 10.2 11.b 12.5
8.3 8.8
11.3 8.10 10.2
8.10 12.8 6.6 11.b
11.b 12.3 7.a 8.10 9.1 11.4
7.a 8.3 9.4 12.c 6.6 8.10
6.6 7.2 9.1 11.4 12.8 6.b 12.5 6.6 12.5
13.2 14.2 15.1 13.1
13.1 13.1
13.3
13.3 14.2 15.1 13.1 14.2 15.a
13.1
13.3 14.1
13.3 14.1 15.5 13.a 14.1 15.5 13.1
13.2 14.1 15.5 13.3 14.1 15.4 13.3 14.1 15.2
16.7 16.5
16.5 16.5 16.2 16.1
17.17 17.16
17.16
17.16
17.16 17.16 17.16
17.16 17.16
17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16
17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16 17.16
    Improving employee engagement through new work style
3.4 4.4 Developing and utilizing innovativable human resources 4.4 Promoting diversity and inclusion 1.4 3.4 4.5
         Education)
       S
1.4 2.3 3.3 Contribution to the resilient society against natural 1.5
Financial inclusion and promoting insurance to vul- nerable and all people
  disasters
  Contribution to the safe and peaceful next-generation 3.6 mobility society
Contribution to a sustainable social security system 1.3 3.4
Support for people vulnerable to disasters 1.5
Partnership with various stakeholders 1.4 2.4 3.6 4.7
Promotion of digital society 1.5 2.4 3.4 4.4 Improving quality of customer services 3.6
Privacy protection
Contributing to smart society 3.4
Extending healthy life expectancy 1.4 3.4 4.7 Providing products and services reflecting changes in
Next generation education: Education for disaster 3.6 4.7 prevention and traffic safety
5.5 5.b
16.2 16.1
16.5
                    people’s value and behavior
         E
Next generation education: Education for environment
Sustainable finance (Insurance)
Sustainable finance (Investment and Lending) Contribution to a sustainable food supply Contributing to green society
Contribution to a circulating society/economy Contribution to a society in harmony with nature
3.9
1.5 2.4
1.5 2.4 3.9 4.7
          1: SDG targets strongly linked to the Sompo Group’s initiatives are marked as “
The Sompo Group will continuously review this in response to the development of problem solving business, changes in social challenges, etc.
,” and those somewhat linked are marked as “
*Health and productivity management® is a registered trademark of Nonprofit Organization Workshop for the Management of Health on Company and Employee.
2: This matrix is put together under the supervision of Hidemitsu Sasaya.
.”
  46
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 47

New Mid-Term Management Plan Group Business Foundation Materiality KPIs
  Materiality
  Materiality subcategories
  Materiality KPIs
 KPIs
  Target business
  Relevant SDG targets
 Society SOMPO aims for / Vision to be realized
  Numerical targets
  Partnership KPIs
      Provide preparedness for all types of risk
Financial inclusion and promoting insurance to all people
Contribution to a sustainable food supply
Sustainable finance (insurance underwriting, product development, investing and lending)
Contribution to a green society, recycling society and society in harmony with nature
ESG conscious value chain Next-generation education (environment)
Domestic net written premiums (contribution to promoting insurance)
Overseas gross written premiums (contribution to promoting insurance)
No. of life insurance policies in force (contribution to promoting insurance)
Expansion of AgriSompo’s agricultural insurance business to more countries
Participation and activities in sustainability-related initiatives and rulemaking
No. of engagement with investee and borrower companies
Greenhouse gas emission reduction rate (Scope 1-3)
Switching to renewable energy sources
No. of participants in environmental education programs
No. of facilities that introduce a Future Nursing Care model
Nursing care facility occupancy rate
No. of nursing care users
Care provider turnover rate
Domestic P&C insurance
Overseas insurance
Domestic life insurance
Overseas insurance
All businesses of the Group
All businesses of the Group
All businesses of the Group
All businesses of the Group
All businesses of the Group
Nursing care & seniors
Nursing care & seniors
Nursing care & seniors
Nursing care & seniors
FY2021: ¥1,988.6bn / FY2023: ¥2,079.9bn
FY2021: +7.9% / FY2022: +7.1% / FY2023: +6.9% *In USD
FY2021: 4.43M / FY2023: 5.00M
Increase in number of target countries by FY2023
Publish activity results
Increase YoY
60% reduction by FY2030 (compared to 2017), net zero by FY2050 *The target for FY2050 includes investee and borrower companies
70% introduction rate by FY2030 FY2021: 11,500
FY2021: 28 / FY2023: 258 FY2021: 90.8% / FY2023: 93.8% FY2021: 90,000 / FY2023: 120,000 FY2021: 11.4% / FY2023: 10.5%
1.4 8.10 11.7 1.4 8.10 13.1 1.4 3.3 8.10
3.3 3.4 8.10 1.5 2.4 13.1
9.4 11.4 13.3
7.a 9.4 13.a
7.2 12.8 13.2
7.2 12.2 13.2 12.3 13.3 14.1
1.3 3.4 8.8 1.3 3.4 10.2 1.3 3.4 10.2 1.3 3.4 8.5
Due to the evolution of insurance, people are protected from new risks such as climate change, infectious diseases and cyberattacks, and can live a secure and healthy life.
    No. of sales and premiums for insurance products that help people prepare for illness and injury (Medical Master, Nyuin Passport)
  Domestic P&C insurance
       Increase YoY
     Prevent accidents and disasters, contribute to a resilient society
  Contribution to resilient society against natural disasters
   Contribution to secure and healthy next- generation mobility society
 Next-generation education (disaster prevention and traffic safety)
  Customer satisfaction with insurance claims paid for natural disasters
  Domestic P&C insurance
  No. of sales and premiums for insurance products that contribute to secure and healthy next-generation mobility society (New DRIVING!, UGOKU)
  Domestic P&C insurance
 No. of participants in disaster prevention and traffic safety training
  All businesses of the Group
  Improve YoY
   Increase YoY
 FY2021: 15,000
 1.5
11.b
13.1
  Risks are controlled and damage is mini- mized by detecting signs and preventing damage.
   3.6
 8.10
 11.2
3.6
4.7
11.b
 Contribute to a greener society where the economy, society and environment are in harmony
Inclusive and resilient carbon neutral society where people and nature are in harmony
            Provide solutions for healthy and happy lives
  Extending healthy life expectancy
 Contribution to a smart society
  No. of Insurhealth® policies sold
 Domestic life insurance
 No. of Insurhealth® policies in force
 Domestic life insurance
 Weighting of Insurhealth® products
 Domestic life insurance
 Company name recognition
  Domestic life insurance
 Perception as a health-promoting company
Domestic life insurance
 No. of facilities offering dementia prevention programs
 Nursing care & seniors
 Health guidance business revenue
 Healthcare
 Mental health service revenue
  Healthcare
 No. of smart community proof of concepts
 Nursing care & seniors
  End of FY2021: 300,000 / End of FY2023: 420,000
 End of FY2021: 600,000 / End of FY2023: 1,300,000
 End of FY2021: 60% / End of FY2023: 80%
 End of FY2021: 60% / End of FY2023: 80%
 End of FY2021: No. 5 in the life insurance industry End of FY2023: No. 1 in the industry
 FY2021: 38 / FY2023: 171
 FY2021: ¥3.519bn
 FY2021: ¥1.485bn
 FY2021:10
 1.4
3.4
8.10
 People who need support can live a healthy and happy life with dignity as individuals.
 1.4
3.4
8.10
3.4
3.a
8.10
3.4
3.a
8.10
3.4
3.a
8.10
3.4
5.4
10.2
3.4
3.5
4.7
3.4
4.4
8.8
3.4
3.d
11.3
Contribute to a sustainable aging society
Contribution to a sustainable social security system
The burden on people who support an aging society with a declining birthrate is reduced and everyone can pursue their dreams.
Increase in partnerships
(1) No. of collaborations/ partnerships announced to the public
(2) No. of PoC* and
pilot tests conducted through collaborations/ partnerships
(3) No. of solutions provided through collaborations/ partnerships
*Proof-of-Concept
       A group of talent who can change future society
   Improving employee engagement through new work style
 Health and poroductivity management, human dignity and human rights risk
 Promoting diversity and inclusion
   Investment in HR (Lifelong learning / Recurrent education)
  Employee engagement
 All businesses of the Group
 My Mission training participation rate
  All businesses of the Group
 Telework rate
All businesses of the Group
 Health and productivity management index (WLQ)* *Work Limitations Questionnaire
 All businesses of the Group
 Ratio of female managers
 All businesses of the Group
 Ratio of employees with disabilities
 All businesses of the Group
 Shift to job-based HR system
  All businesses of the Group
  No. of digital personnel developed/employed
   All businesses of the Group
  End of FY2023: Gallup Q12 average points: (domestic) 3.70 pt, (overseas) 4.10 pt
 End of FY2023: 100% of eligible employees
 More than 50% of whole Group *Nursing care frontline not included
 Improvements YoY at each company
 End of FY2023: 30%
 End of FY2023: 2.5%
 Realize job-based system at each company by the end of FY2023
   End of FY2023
DX specialists: 177
DX planning personnel
(A) Employees who have completed basic DX training: 4,000
(B) Participants in AI planning, data utilization, CX agile design training: 3,000
Personnel using DX: 17,100 training participants
 4.4
8.2
8.8
 Our diverse employees develop innovative solutions and have the power to drive trans- formation towards a better society.
  3.4
4.4
8.2
4.4
5.4
8.8
3.4
4.4
8.8
5.5
8.2
10.2
4.4
8.2
10.2
8.2
8.5
9.5
  4.4
 8.2
 9.5
Build a platform for partnerships towards creating value
Promoting a digital society
Group revenue generated by utilizing RDP* *Real Data Platform
External sales and monetization of RDP products and services
Digital
Digital
¥500bn (medium- to long-term target)
More than two projects by the end of FY2023
3.4 9.2 11.b 3.4 9.2 11.b
SOMPO proposes a prosperous life for both people who support and people who are supported in an aging society by creating innovation based on facts and data.
        48
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 49
STRATEGY
Co-creation with various stakeholders

New Mid-Term Management Plan Group Business Foundation SDGs in Business Management: SOMPO Climate Action
Capital Policy and Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
  With the adoption of the SDGs conclusion of the Paris Agreement in 2015, companies are increasingly expected to take concrete action to combat climate change. With this in mind, we have positioned “SDGs in business management” as part of our management foundation. We will also acceler- ate our “SOMPO Climate Action” program, which calls for us to “adapt to climate change,” “mitigate climate change,” and “contribute to societal transformation.”
Since the 1990s, the Group has been tackling global environmental issues in collaboration with a wide range of stakeholders. Through partnerships with stakeholders built up over many years, we will promote initiatives that emphasize environmental, economic, and social sustainability. Our aim is to realize a resilient, carbon-neutral society where people and nature are in harmony.
Our ERM framework is a management approach that aims
to maximize corporate value by maintaining strong financial soundness while balancing capital, risk, and return. It has the goal of increasing profits and achieving steady improvements in capital efficiency to deliver target ROE of 10% or more. Under the new Mid-Term Management Plan, we have estab- lished the “Sompo Group Risk Appetite Statement,” which consists of the Risk Appetite Principles, the Medium-term Risk-taking Strategy and the Risk Appetite Indicator. Based on the medium-term risk-taking direction encapsulated in this statement, we will improve capital efficiency in existing busi- nesses through measures such as: reduction in the strate-
gic holdings of stocks that have low capital efficiency; and strengthening of ALM to continuously reduce interest rate risk.
In addition, we will further improve the Group’s capital effi- ciency by directing surplus generated capital towards growth areas, with a focus on seeking overseas M&As opportunities that can enhance the value, scale and diversification of the Group’s business. Through these initiatives, we aim to achieve our medium-term targets – adjusted consolidated profit of JPY
Governance
As a Company with Committees, we have established a governance system in which the Board of Directors, com- posed mainly of outside directors, supervises the executive divisions. We also have three statutory committees—the Nomination Committee, Compensation Committee, and Audit Committee—all chaired by outside directors. These commit- tees engage in fair and active discussions aimed at strength- ening the Group’s governance. Also, the status of execution
Supervision
Execution
300 billion or higher and adjusted consolidated ROE of at least 10% – by fiscal year 2023, the final year of the new Mid-Term Management Plan.
 Capital
    Maintain financial soundness (ESR)
Improve capital efficiency (ROE)
Increase shareholder returns
    1. Adapt to climate change
Help enhance societal resilience by developing/offering products/services through collaboration
SOMPO Climate Action
2. Mitigate climate change
Achieve net zero group GHG emissions (by 2050)
3. Contribute to societal transformation
Support the transition of society by collaborating with stakeholders, such as NPOs, and engaging as financial institution
● Contribute to sustainable agriculture with AgriSompo
● Group’s introduction of renewable energy (70% by 2030)
● Develop products/new businesses for disaster prevention & mitigation
● Sustainable procurement that considers biodiversity
● Engagement with investee companies
● Proactive involvement in rule making, policy
● BCP support service for companies
● Develop products/new businesses for the promotion of clean energy
advocacy
● Develop environmental personnel
● Service for promoting decarbonization for companies
   Risk
Improve return on risks (ROR)
Return
  Together with stakeholders, aim to realize an inclusive
and resilient carbon neutral society where people and nature are in harmony
Sompo Group Risk Appetite Statement
(Statement that identify which risks the Group should take, and which to avoid – both in quantitative and qualitative terms in order to realize our vision.)
is actively shared at Board of Directors meetings in order to enhance the soundness and transparency of governance.
Under the leadership of the Group CEO and Group COO, we have established a matrix-style group management sys- tem, with Business CEOs (vertical axis) serving as CEOs of the business divisions and Group CxOs (horizontal axis) serving as chiefs of operational functions of the Group. Through this sys- tem, we are working to enhance the Group’s corporate value.
    SOMPO’s strengths
Addressing global environmental issues
for 30 years ahead of our time
Policy for SDGs in business management
A partnership platformer
 Management understanding/ lead- ership since the 1992
Rio summit
 Climate change adaptation mea- sures utilizing risk management
 Relationship of trust with NGOs, experts, etc., built through collaborative projects, the Group’s Environment Foundation, etc.
 Built “Green SOMPO” brand through product development with consideration for ESG (underwriting, green funds, etc.), and environmental education for students/citizens
 A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing (Contribution to SDGs utilizing real data, etc.)
 Network with stakeholders
 Diverse personnel
   Outside Directors Inside Directors
SOMPO HD Board of Directors (company with committees)
• 75% Outside Directors (9 out of 12 Directors) Of which, three are female and one is non-Japanese
• All committees are chaired by Outside Directors
• The Nomination Committee and Compensation
Committee are composed solely of Outside Directors
Committee Chair (Outside Director)
   Nomination Committee
     Chairman of Overseas M&A
       Group CFO (Finance)
Group CSO (Strategy)
Group CDO (Digital)
Group CHRO (HR)
Group CDMO (Data Marketing) Group CRO (Risk Management) Group CIO (IT)
Group CVCO (Value Communication) Group CSuO (Sustainability)
Group CPRO (Public Relations)
Compensation Committee
Group CEO
Audit Committee
 Group COO
 Global Executive Committee
Managerial Administrative Committee
  In 1992, SOMPO’s president at the time participated in the Rio Summit as the chairman of the Keidanren Committee on Nature Conservation. In the same year, we established the Department of Global Environment—the first for a Japanese financial institution—and have since been working on global environmental issues in collaboration with NPOs and other organizations. In 1997, we obtained ISO 14001 certification for environmental management systems (another first for a Japanese financial institution), and been working to “adapt to” and “mitigate” climate change.
We are also contributing to “societal transformation” by participating in sustainability promotion and rule-making or- ganizations. Recently, we have been working hard to promote climate-related information disclosure in the insurance industry, including by developing methods for analyzing climate risks.
For example, we joined the insurance pilot working group
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), promoted by the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative. We are also committed to the Science Based Targets (SBT) initiative, which aims to achieve the 1.5°C target of the Paris Agreement, and since September 2018 we have been the only domestic insurance group to participate in the Expert Advisory Group for the development of SBT guidelines for financial institutions. In December 2020, meanwhile, we joined the Business for Nature Strategic Advisory Group, which consolidates the opinions of industry and makes policy proposals to address the growing sense of crisis about biodiversity.
Through the SOMPO Climate Action initiative, we will help realize a resilient, inclusive, and sustainable society.
         50
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 51
STRATEGY
SVP of Healthcare Business
CEO of Digital Business
CEO of Nursing Care/ Seniors Business
CEO of Domestic Life Insurance Business
CEO of Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business
CEO of Domestic P&C Insurance Business
Group Chief Officers

A tripartite discussion: SDGs in Business Management for fulfilling the SOMPO’s Purpose
     Masahiro Hamada
Group CFO, Group Co-CSO Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Officer
Hidemitsu Sasaya
CSR/SDGs Consultant
Kayoko Sakai
Director and Executive Officer Sompo Japan Insurance Inc.
What we focused on most when formulating the Purpose was to make it something that each and every employee at each of the operating companies would feel proud and take ownership of.
SDGs in Business Management is a framework to promote initiatives to fulfill the Purpose. It is a management approach specifically designed to materialize the Theme Park concept, and we have positioned it as a business foundation in the new Mid-Term Management Plan. Going forward, we will cre- ate a framework that uses SDGs in Business Management to clarify the social challenges that the Sompo Group faces, de- velop them into earning power over the medium to long term, and communicate and promote them outside the company to fulfill the SOMPO’s Purpose.
Ms. Sakai Mr. Hamada talked about the Sompo Group
as a whole, including its Purpose and the new Mid-Term Management Plan, but Sompo Japan Insurance Inc., which is the core company of the Sompo Group, was founded in the early years of the Meiji Era in 1888, rooted in local fire brigade in Edo. We have carried on our mindset of protecting our customers and contributing to society for 130 years.
The President of Sompo Japan attended the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 and established the Department of Global Environment in the same year. I was also assigned to this Office in 1996. I remember many people asking at that time "why a P&C insurance company addresses environmental issues.” However, since expectations for companies have evolved from Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) to Creating Shared Value (CSV), and then contribution to SDGs, I feel that Sompo Japan was one of the companies that real- ized its value quite early.
In fact, about 85% of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc’s em- ployees think that their work is related to sustainability. The challenge is how to evolve this idea while tying it into busi- ness. I believe that if we can create a virtuous cycle of solving social challenges and creating social value through our core business, we will grow into an even better company.
We have clearly stated our focus on “SDGs in Business Management” in the new Mid-Term Management Plan, and we fully intend to establish a unique position in this field.
Mr. Sasaya Tying SDGs to management is a great idea and is extremely important. Differences in the competency of top management and employees in terms of their understanding of sustainability become apparent through management. This has been a point of focus since the publication of the “Guidance on Social Responsibility (ISO26000:2010).” The Sompo Group already has this. Your company’s legacy, including its CSR activities, is a great strength.
The impact of the Sompo Group, with its long history of CSR, turning to SDGs in Business Management is profound. The SDGs are related to all four elements of management - people, goods and services, money, and information - and there are methods for incorporating them into management, which makes them an effective compass for disseminating
information worldwide. I think it is remarkable that your com- pany has adopted this as the basis for management.
What are the features of the Sompo Group’s SDGs in Business Management?
Mr. Hamada I see the term SDGs in Business Management as a framework for management that does not simply mean “manage with SDGs in mind” but rather something that in- cludes clarifying issues that need to be addressed to fulfill the Purpose, carrying out the PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) cycle for long-term initiatives, and communicating the results. While there are many management frameworks for pursuing short- and medium-term results, particularly in insurance, there have not been many frameworks for promoting long-term, non-fi- nancial initiatives.
After unpaid insurance claims developed into a major so- cial issue, the insurance industry reaffirmed the importance of service quality. Since then, the Sompo Group has established a management framework that regularly checks quality, and both management and the field continue to place a high priority on quality. Similarly, when considering initiatives that create social value or contribute to the SDGs, but do not im- mediately lead to economic value, it is necessary to create a common awareness across the entire Sompo Group in order to keep these initiatives on track and sustain them, and this is exactly what the Purpose is for. And the various mechanisms and management PDCA process aimed at enhancing quality is what SDGs in Business Management is.
With regard to “incorporating the SDGs into our manage- ment system,” which is critical in promoting SDGs in Business Management, we have set the SOMPO’s Materiality which covers the key issues for fulfilling the Sompo’s Purpose. In this process, we created a matrix of the SDGs, identified the relationship between the 169 targets of the SDGs and the products and services offered by the Sompo Group as well as its future strategies, and set KPIs tied to the SDGs for initiatives aimed at achieving the SOMPO’s Materiality. These Materiality KPIs are closely linked to the value creation story for fulfilling the Purpose and the new Mid-Term Management Plan, and as a result, about 80% of the KPIs have a strong connection to our businesses and are suitable indicators to see the progress of the respective businesses.
In this way, we will continue to create social and economic value, and hopefully, in one year, we will be able to take our
 In the Mid-Term Management Plan starting from fiscal 2021, we will work on SDGs in Business Management to fulfill the SOMPO’s Purpose.
We invited Hidemitsu Sasaya, a CSR/SDGs consultant, to exchange opinions with Masahiro Hamada, Group CFO, Group Co-CSO, and Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Officer, and Kayoko Sakai, Director and Executive Officer of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc., on the theme of SDGs in Business Management toward fulfilling the SOMPO’s Purpose.
What is the Sompo Group’s SDGs in Business Management?
Mr. Hamada Here at the Sompo Group, we have always been committed to going beyond insurance and helping solve social challenges under the Sompo Group’s vision of becom- ing “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.”
When we started preparing our Mid-Term Management Plan about a year and a half ago, we first envisioned the changes in the environment 10 years ahead and started “backcasting” from there. When we think about the meg- atrends of the next 10 years, they overlap with the SDGs, which are set to target the year 2030. When we combined this with business trends such as stakeholder capitalism and DX (Digital Transformation), we were once again con- vinced that becoming “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing” was the right direction to move in.
In addition, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is bringing about a massive change in social values. When we took into consideration life during the COVID-19 pandemic and post-COVID-19 environment, all of us in the management team realized that the Theme Park concept is not a vision
of the distant future, but that the timeline for realizing it has
moved considerably closer. That’s when we took another look at the Sompo’s reason for existence (Purpose), which underlies the Theme Park concept, and asked ourselves what it means to be the Sompo Group, and how the Sompo Group can contribute to society.
With regard to the SOMPO’s Purpose, we deliberated
on our social value creation story from the early stages of preparing our Mid-Term Management Plan, clearly defining what kind of society we aim to create and what kind of value we will provide through the Theme Park concept. We had thorough discussions not only at Sompo Holdings but also at other Sompo Group companies with real businesses and customers.
The important thing is to demonstrate the value we de- liver to society, and in doing so, enhance economic value and contribute to boosting corporate value. Initially, we were thinking along the lines of how to balance social value and economic value, but through repeated discussions, we came to the conclusion that the two are not in conflict, and the only difference is in the time frame for achieving profit.
And of course, the scale of this social value story is not something that can be achieved in a three-year Mid-Term Management Plan, but it has been sublimated as part of the SOMPO’s Purpose for us.
     52
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 53
STRATEGY

  Hidemitsu Sasaya
Hidemitsu Sasaya graduated from the University of Tokyo Faculty of Law in 1976. He joined the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry in 1977, serving as Deputy Director-General of the Minister’s Secretariat of the Ministry of the Environment, then as Deputy Director-General of the Minister’s Secretariat
of the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and finally as Director- General of the Kanto Regional Forest Office. In 2008, he joined ITO EN, LTD. and retired after serving as Director and Managing Executive Officer. He holds a PhD in Policy Studies and has been a professor of Chiba University of Commerce’s Platform for Arts and Science since April 2020.
SDGs in Business Management further to the point of setting the 18th SDG for Sompo Holdings.
Ms. Sakai By organizing the Materiality KPIs and SDGs ma- trix, we realized that the issues that Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. is tackling in the new Mid-Term Management Plan and the approaches to SDGs in Business Management are not far apart, but aligned. And now, there are four things that we are going to put into practice as Sompo Japan Insurance Inc.
The first is to improve society with the SDGs by developing products and services within the P&C insurance business. New technological innovations could include insurance
and services to mitigate risks. In addition, Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. has a network of about 23,000 employees
and 48,000 agents, which we will leverage to address issues specific to each region.
Next, we are working to go beyond providing conven- tional insurance to solve social challenges. Specifically, we will focus on enhancing preventive services such as disaster prevention and mitigation through the use of DX, and on supporting Mobility as a Service (MaaS).
The third point is to address the issue of climate change. In order to achieve the Japanese government’s goal of carbon neutrality by 2050, we continue replacing our pow- er usage with renewable energy. In addition, in the field of “adaptation,” which society has high expectations for, we will work to provide new solutions, such as insurance and risk consulting, by leveraging the knowledge we have accumulat- ed over the years.
The fourth point is engagement (constructive dialogue). As an institutional investor, we will actively engage in dialogue on ESG issues to promote the initiatives of our investees and loan customers, and also contribute to the transformation of Japanese society.
Mr. Sasaya It is extremely important to incorporate the SDGs into management, rather than simply being aware of
them. For companies to achieve their SDGs, it is important to implement the competitive strategy of creating shared value (CSV), which aims to simultaneously achieve economic value and social value. However, the social issues we address should not be subjective. This is where the SDGs can be uti- lized, and social issues can be objectified through the SDGs. This is the key to differentiating a company and building a competitive advantage. For example, this can influence the consumer’s product preferences and help secure partners that can contribute to your competitive advantage.
In addition, employees will grow to think about SDGs, which will lead to SDG-related conversations inside and outside the company, leading to new initiatives and inno- vations. In this way, it is important to incorporate the SDGs into management, as it will make a big difference in terms of organizational strength.
Furthermore, the relationship between ESG and SDGs is currently confusing. To address this, I have used my experi- ence working with companies to develop a method called the ESG/SDGs Matrix, which helps to organize the 17 goals of the SDGs in relation to ESG in an easy-to-understand man- ner. The benefits of using this method are firstly that it helps in the selection of materiality by organizing it in a comprehen- sive manner, and secondly that it prevents criticism that the company has opted for SDGs that are a convenient fit. This will greatly boost the appeal to investors and make the focus more visible to multi-stakeholders. It will also help improve employee understanding. The matrix of your company, which I’ve had the pleasure of advising this time, served as a very good start as we organized the SDGs at the target level, shared it within the Sompo Group, and set materiality for the Group as a whole.
It is also important to note that over 80% of the KPIs for implementing the SDGs are aligned with the Sompo Group’s core business. This is because creativity and innovation through the company’s core business is expected when it comes to pursuing SDGs, and by incorporating SDGs into the company’s core business, it can become a source of com- petitiveness and a business model that leads to high quality services.
There are still very few companies that have incorporated the SDGs into their management and are thoroughly using them, so it will be fascinating to watch.
How will the Sompo Group carry out its partnership strategy?
Mr. Hamada The Sompo Group has developed various partnerships over the years centering on the P&C insurance business, but in the nursing care business, which we started five years ago, we have gone from trying to create an eco- system to being approached by stakeholders. In this context, the Real Data Platform (RDP) concept is a major initiative that serves as a key to creating partnerships. In the previous Mid-Term Management Plan, we set out to create “A Theme
Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing,” and pursued this vision for the ensuing five years. Then, in the new Mid-Term Management Plan, we positioned the RDP as a tangible representation of the Theme Park.
The key here is that it is a dynamic process that starts from a single dot which becomes lines and develops into an all-encompassing platform. It may start out with improving our productivity, but it leads to selling outside of the com- pany, creating new revenue streams, and solving social challenges. We can’t call it RDP unless we take it this far.
For example, we are starting to think about RDP in the five domains of nursing care, disaster prevention and mitigation, mobility, healthy aging, and agriculture, with the big idea of helping Japan’s social security resources. To create an eco- system as a provider of various services, we believe that we need partners for data acquisition and solution development on top of Palantir’s data analysis technology. The important thing is to build a system of data processes that will serve
as our competitive advantage along with our passion for the SDGs and our desire to solve social issues, and we would like to expand our partnerships by inviting other players with a strong passion for the SDGs. This is the sort of platformer we strive to become.
Ms. Sakai I believe that Goal 17 of the SDGs (partnership) is special, and particularly important. Today’s social issues are complex and difficult for individual companies to solve on their own. Since the early 1990s, SOMPO has been actively working to address environmental challenges, and we have insisted on partnering with stakeholders from the outset.
To date, we have partnered with over 300 NPOs and have concluded cooperation agreements with more than 200
local governments. For example, our “Open Lectures on the Environment,” held in collaboration with environmental NPOs, has attracted about 30,000 participants over the past 30 years. We are confident that our partnership initiatives will never be considered “SDGs wash.”
Furthermore, in recent years, the presence of social entrepreneurs has been growing and the mindset of the younger generation has been changing drastically, so we
are envisioning a new platform to connect these people with local companies and local governments. In addition, Institute for Advanced Biosciences, Keio University (Tsuruoka City, Yamagata Prefecture), where employees of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. are assigned, is taking on the challenge of new co-creation involving venture companies and NPOs. We would like to further evolve our partnership model, taking into account talent development and recurrent education for senior personnel.
Mr. Sasaya The more I hear about it, the more profound it gets. Insurance can be a hub for solving social challenges because it can close in on a wide range of social challenges. I think Sompo Holdings has the potential to become a platform for partnerships, including for the newly acquired RDP. The SDGs are like magnetic fields that strengthen partnerships
and attract innovation. Cooperation based on SDGs is quick- er because of the common language the SDGs provide. To visualize the impact of the SDGs on the RDP going forward, place SDG 17 (partnership) in the middle and draw the other SDGs around it. The RDP will tie into a variety of solutions that leverage the data as an outlet through B2B2C, and as a result, contribute to the many targets of the SDGs that sur- round it. For example, nursing care is Goal 3 (Good health and Well-being), resiliency is Goal 11 (Sustainable cities and communities), and so on. Seen this way, the RDP is like an all-encompassing framework governed by the SDGs.
The SDGs consist of “compulsory performances” that
all companies must do and company-specific “showcase performances.” The matrix organization, which is compulso- ry, applies to many issues, but since Sompo Holdings has
a sophisticated business model, the 17 goals alone are not enough to describe it. In particular, I don’t think it is possi-
ble to fully express the “assurance of physical, mental, and social well-being” which is clearly stated in the UN document “Transforming Our World: The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development” that contains the SDGs. That portion will be a showcase. I refer to this as the 18th goal of the SDGs. What your company communicates will generate reactions world- wide and invigorate the entire Sompo Group, accelerating
the movement globally. I think it evokes the “moonshot” or “level of ambition” that the SDGs emphasize as part of solving difficult social challenges.
In addition, as the massive network of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. incorporates SDGs, it will become a model within the Sompo Group and take on the role of rolling the SDGs out across the Group. Then, carrying out SDGs in Business Management by making full use of intangible assets such as history and tradition, corporate culture, network, brand credibility, group strength, and risk management know-how will lead to the redesign of the corporate brand.
The biggest thing that came about with COVID-19 was the separation of people. Our conventional values were invalidat- ed, which led to a paradigm shift as more and more people began to reflect. In addition to carbon neutrality, which is included in the “E” portion of ESG, the Sompo Group’s SDGs in Business Management also focuses on people, which is important in the “S” portion of ESG. I believe that the world will look to the Sompo Group as a solution provider that con- tributes to “Build Back Better” in the post-COVID-19 days.
         54
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 55
STRATEGY

                                         V
Creation Process
Three core strategies
Six businesses
Group Management Foundation
Va
al
lu
ue
e
C
SOMPO’s Purpose
        CAPITALS
SOMPO’s various capital as a
source of competitiveness
The source of the Group’s competitiveness comes from the capital it has accumulated over its 130-year history. Based on a stable revenue base and the social trust, the Group has built good relationships with various stakeholders, and will continue to work proactively to improve its capital to foster the ability to change the future society with diverse talents and connections.
In addition, by combining our various accumulated capital, we aim to create unique value that only the Sompo Group can provide to realize our Purpose.
Input
C
ut
I
I
Ca
n
n
ap
p
p
p
u
i
i
t
tal
RDP
Outcome Capital
           Outcome
 Financial capital
 Social and relationship capital
 Human capital
 Intellectual capital
 Natural capital
   Financial capital
 r
Social and elationship capital
re
 Human capital
 Intellectual capital
I
        56
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 57
CAPITALS

 Sompo Group’s various capital as a source of competitiveness Financial capital
Based on its strong cash-generating capabilities and financial soundness, the Company will further expand its profits and improve its capital efficiency and profit stability.
CFO Message
We have formulated a new Mid-Term Management Plan covering a three-year period starting from fiscal 2021 with the aim of fulfilling SOMPO’s Purpose. This plan consists of three core strategies, which include the pursuit of “Scale and Diversifica- tion” to boost the profitability of existing businesses and stabilize profits, “New Customer Value Creation” by utilizing real data, and “New Work Style.” We will implement capital policies as a business foundation to support these strategies.
  We will implement capital policies based on our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) frame- work to fulfill SOMPO’s Purpose.
Masahiro Hamada
Group CFO, Group Co-CSO,
Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Officer
  Basic capital policy
Our capital policy is based on the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework. Its basic policy is to maintain robust financial health by appropriately controlling the bal- ance of capital, risk, and return, while steadily improving capital efficiency to grow profits to a world-class level and achieve an adjusted consolidated ROE of 10% or higher, as well as ensuring attractive shareholder returns (dividends paid + share buybacks) commensurate with both profit and share- holder equity levels.
Improvement of capital efficiency
To sustainably boost the Group’s capital efficiency, we have been working on initiatives to maintain and improve stable cash flow generation from existing businesses and utilize the generated cash flow mainly for growth investments including M&A and in areas such as digital technology, thereby improv- ing capital efficiency while raising profit levels. By reviewing and advancing these initiatives one by one in our new Mid- Term Management Plan, we aim to achieve our mid-term goals of expanding adjusted consolidated profit to ¥300.0 billion or more and improving adjusted consolidated ROE to 10% or higher by fiscal 2023, the final year of our new Mid- Term Management Plan.
Capital policy based on ERM framework
       Financial soundness
Capital
Improve return on risks
Improve capital efficiency
Increase shareholder returns
Return
 Adjusted consolidated net assets
Revenue
ESR
Consolidated solvency margin ratio
Maintain financial soundness
Risk
¥2,755.5 billion
(March 31, 2021)
¥3,434.2 billion
(FY2020)
238
(March 31, 2021)
872
  %
%
(March 31, 2021)
     Adjusted consolidated profit
Adjusted consolidated ROE
Risk diversification ratio
Overseas business ratio
The target for adjusted consolidated ROE was set based on our cost of capital of 7% and the average level of our global peers, as estimated by CAPM*1.
*1 Capital Asset Pricing Model: A method used to calculate expected return using risk-free rate + beta (sensitivity of our stock price to the stock market) × market risk premium
Now I would like to describe each of our initiatives. To clarify the Group's mid-term risk-taking policy and direction, we reviewed our previous Group risk appetite and formulated a new Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) as part of our new Mid-Term Management Plan. The RAS indicates the risk-tak- ing approach for each risk category by taking into
¥300.0 billion or more
10 or higher
Improve vs. FY2020
30
Targets for the final year of the new Mid-Term Management Plan
%
% or higher
Diversification effect
   58
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 59
CAPITALS

Sompo Group’s various capital as a source of competitiveness Financial Capital - CFO Message
consideration return on risks. Based on this, we will reduce strategic holding stocks with low capital efficiency and do- mestic interest rate risk by strengthening ALM, and use the capital and cash flow generated to invest in growth areas with high capital efficiency.
For the new Mid-Term Management Plan period, our KPIs include reducing strategic holding stocks by about ¥150 billion and purchasing ¥300 billion of super-long-term bonds annually in the domestic life insurance business to lower interest rate risk.
In addition, by introducing a new framework to appropri- ately monitor the progress of initiatives for each business, such as setting ROE targets by business and examining them periodically, we will enhance our probability of success in achieving our adjusted consolidated ROE target.
Next, let me describe our growth investments. The cash flow generated by each business will be used for shareholder returns, which I will explain later, as well as to fund growth investments such as M&As. As part of the new Mid-Term Management Plan, we plan to allocate management resourc- es of around ¥600 billion to growth investments that
Improve capital efficiency
contribute to the “Scale and Diversification” and “New Customer Value Creation” portions of our three core strategies.
To promote “Scale and Diversification,” we will invest in M&A and organic growth mainly in our Overseas Insurance and Reinsurance Business with the aim of bettering our chances of achieving our management targets for adjusted consolidated profit, adjusted consolidated ROE, and diversifi- cation effects. In pursuing “New Customer Value Creation,” we will contribute to solving social issues and plan to invest in creating a Real Data Platform (RDP), digital and other ad- vanced technologies, as well as in the healthcare domain with the aim of boosting growth over the medium to long term.
When considering M&A deals, in addition to a detailed analysis of the consistency with our business strategy and expected synergies, we have established a disciplined invest- ment framework by setting a hurdle rate that takes into account the WACC (weighted average cost of capital) based on financial leverage and the characteristics of the acquisition target.
Maintenance of financial soundness
To maintain robust financial health, we manage capital based on the Economic Solvency Ratio (ESR), which compares capital and risk based on economic value. In capital manage- ment, we set a target capital level (ESR: 200% to 270%) and risk tolerance as a guide to appropriate capital levels from the perspective of financial soundness and capital efficiency, and implement appropriate capital policies according to the ESR target levels. In calculating ESR, we take into account recent
regulatory trends and disclosures by domestic and overseas insurance companies. Additionally, in order to enhance global comparability, we have adopted capital management meth- ods that comply with international capital regulations and are working to maintain financial soundness.
The ESR as of March 31, 2021 was within our target capital level at 238%, giving us sufficient financial soundness.
 ESR status238%
• •
• •
• • •
• •
Consider additional risk-taking (growth investment) Consider increasing shareholder returns
Continue efforts to improve capital efficiency
Deliver returns in line with the shareholder return policy
Consider various risk reduction measures
Consider increasing capital by issuing hybrid bond, etc. Increase retained earnings, etc.
Implement various risk reduction measures
Consider increasing capital, review the shareholder return policy, etc.
  Adjusted capitall ¥3.4 trillion
 March 31, 2021
Risk amount ¥1.4 trillion
270%
200% 150%
Target range
      Direction of risk
   Shareholder returns
growth. We will also provide supplementary returns depend- ing on financial performance, the financial market environ- ment, and capital conditions. In addition, our basic policy is to increase dividends in line with profit growth, and to raise the ratio of dividends to total payout. Based on this policy, we project an annual dividendof ¥210 per share in fiscal 2021 (interim dividend: ¥105, year-end dividend: ¥105), an increase of ¥40 from fiscal 2020, and the eighth consecutive year of dividend increases.
Non-insurance business
Investment (Other)
Investment (Domestic equity)
Investment (Domestic interest rate)
Domestic life insurance (underwriting)
       Overseas
insurance (underwriting)
Domestic P&C insurance (underwriting)
End FY2020
End FY2023 (plan)
We aim to provide attractive shareholder returns while taking into consideration our financial soundness and the business environment, with the basic policy of continuously increasing dividends through sustainable profit growth as well as main- taining the option of flexibly executing share buybacks de- pending on share price and capital availability.
Under the new Mid-Term Management Plan, we set a basic shareholder return rate equivalent to 50% of adjusted consolidated profit and will steadily increase the total amount of returns (dividends paid + share buybacks) through profit
Shareholder return policy
Note: Supplementary return will be provided in the following circumstances based on risk and capital situations and outlook for the future.
Cases for supplementary returns include:
• When ESR constantly exceeds the target range
• When the adjusted profit declines due to one-time factors such as natural
disasters, maintain the prior fiscal year’s level of return
• When growth investment such as large-scale M&A is not expected
• When it is determined that enhancement of capital efficiency, etc., are needed
History of shareholder returns*3
 Achieve adjusted consolidated
ROE of 10%
Achieve capital efficiency greater than capital cost (around 7%)
 Reduce risk in areas wi
Market value of strategic shareholdings
End FY2020 End FY2023 (plan)
(Trillions of yen)
-0.15 1.3
1.1
th low capital efficiency
(Billions of yen)
530.0
End FY2020
Increase Sompo Himawari Life Insurance purchases of super-long bonds to ¥300.0bn annually*2
End FY2023 (plan)
Interest rate risk
      Enhance capital effi- ciency in existing business
Increase ROE in each business by risk reduction and organic growth
Aim to achieve adjusted consolidated ROE target by setting and periodi- cally examining ROE targets for each business
Growth investment in areas with high capital efficiency
Disciplined investment in businesses with high capital efficiency
Contribute to scale and diversifica- tion
Increase profits and enhance stability of profit
Contribute to new value creation
Increase long-term growth(Billions of yen)
Dividends Share buybacks
65.8
45.6 34.7
91.6
81.3 81.9
101.1
90.0
   Shareholder return
Share buybacks
  Basic return
50% of adjusted consolidated profit
Increase by profit growth
Supple- mentary return
 Dividend
       28.6 32.3 35.4 42.2
24.7
48.4
54.7
60.7
72.7
   *2 30-year maturity equivalent
(fiscal year) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Dividend
per share*4 ¥60 ¥70 ¥80 ¥90 ¥110 ¥130 ¥150 ¥170 ¥210
*3 FY2021 onwards are rough estimates *4 Dividend per share (FY2021): forecast
  60
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 61

Business alliance with Palantir Technologies Inc. and Palantir Technologies Japan for the utilization of real data
To provide new solutions by utilizing the large amount of high-quality real data held by the Sompo Group, we decided to form a business alliance consisting of three companies: Sompo Holdings, Palantir Technologies Inc. (hereinafter “Palantir”), and Palantir Technologies Japan K.K., which
was established last year as a joint venture with Palantir Technologies Inc. Palantir is comprised of the world’s best data analysis professionals, and its founders have a philosophy that “superior technology should be used to make the world and people happy.” The Sompo Group shares this philosophy and is convinced that it is necessary to work hand in hand with partners like Palantir to create new value to further the growth of the Group. By combining Palantir’s technology with the Sompo Group’s valuable real data, we will develop a Real Data Platform (RDP) to provide new solutions and further refine the Group’s problem-solving capabilities.

With the recent shift to a new normal climate, characterized by frequent major natural disasters, we believe that the Sompo Group has a responsibility to work on solving issues that will help create a disaster-resilient society. In addition to the traditional role of P&C insurance, which is to provide financial coverage after a disaster has occurred, we would like to take a more proactive approach to disaster prepared- ness to prevent and mitigate disasters and to help ensure a quick recovery after a disaster occurs. Furthermore, we would like to provide new services to our customers by utilizing technology, namely through AI and data. Sompo Japan Insurance has formed a business alliance with Silicon Valley-based disaster prevention start-up company One Concern, Inc. and Weathernews Inc. to jointly develop an AI-based flood and earthquake damage prediction system to contribute to the improvement of regional disaster prepared- ness. This system utilizes AI and a variety of data related to local disaster prevention, including data on weather and buildings, to enable damage prediction and real-time tracking of damage before, during, and after floods and earthquakes by block (parcel). Following verification conducted in
Kumamoto City from March 2019, we aim to develop a disaster prevention and mitigation system unique to Japan.
In cooperation with local governments, we will strengthen our efforts to help create disaster-resilient communities by using this system.

We established the Future Care Lab in Japan in February 2019 as a place to demonstrate, experiment, and develop various technologies aimed at shrinking the supply-demand gap of nursing care personnel by increasing productivity through the use of digital technologies and ICT. The lab has conducted joint research and development that combines technologies from startup companies, major manufacturers, and research institutions with the know-how of the Sompo Group, and has evaluated and verified over 350 technologies since its establishment (as of the end of fiscal 2020). In the verification process, the lab not only evaluates the performance, but also the safety, quality of care, and workload reduction of nursing care personnel. As a result, 10 technologies have been implemented in the Sompo Group’s nursing care fascilities as of the end of fiscal 2020.
In addition, in fiscal 2020, the company was selected as
a Living Lab in the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare’s Living Platform Creation Project, and is working to contribute to the development of society by supporting companies that wish to evaluate nursing care robot products under development and verify them in nursing care fascilities, as well as planning and implementing pitch contests for start-up companies.

In May 2021, we invested in MPower Partners Fund L.P. (hereinafter “MPower”), the first ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) focused venture capital fund in Japan. The fund aims to support entrepreneurs aiming to solve social issues with the power of technology and promote sustainable growth by integrating ESG into their strategies. The key investment areas are the healthcare and wellness, fintech, next-generation workstyle and education, next-generation consumers, and environment and sustainability domains.
Through our investment in the fund, we will contribute
to the sound development of financial markets and society as a whole by supporting startups with growth potential to achieve sustainable growth by implementing ESG into society. In addition, we will accelerate the Sompo Group’s SDGs in Business Management to create both social and economic value through future-oriented dialogue while actively engaging with the stakeholders participating in the fund.

Sompo Holdings has concluded an agreement on comprehensive mutual cooperation with the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (hereinafter “AIST”), one of the largest research institutes in Japan, in order to solve social issues such as the declining birthrate and aging population and the challenges associated with the new normal by leveraging expertise in our own respective fields. The purpose of this agreement is to
  contribute to the growth of the Japanese economy through the effective promotion of joint research and the social implementation of its results.
We provide the business model and the data we possess, and AIST scientifically analyzes and verifies their value. In addition, both parties aim to build a platform for creating new customer value and solutions by forming an ecosystem involving the national government, local governments, and businesses.
The first step will be to develop and standardize methods for assessing nursing care quality, and to develop methods for efficiently grasping the actual state of the nursing care process, with the aim of contributing to solving the problems of our super-aging society, and eventually to disseminate this to the world as a security, health, and wellbeing solution coming from Japan.
We will continue to discuss and add to the agenda of social issues we face, domains of collaboration, and specific research as needed.

In collaboration with local environmental organizations, NPO support centers, and the Japan NPO Center, Sompo Japan Insurance has been carrying out the SAVE JAPAN Project, a nationwide annual biodiversity conservation activity involving public participation. By the end of fiscal 2020, we have held approximately 870 events with over 46,000 participants, using the cost savings gained from customers selecting web-based policy clauses and web-based insurance policy certificates when signing their contract and opting for recycled parts for repairs in the event of an automobile accident as the source of funds for our activities.
The Sompo Group supports the CSO Learning
Scholarship Program implemented by the SOMPO Environment Foundation, which provides internship experiences at CSOs (Civil Society Organizations: a term that describes civil society organizations, including NPOs and NGOs) in the environmental field for university and graduate students. A total of 1,167 students have completed this pro- gram as of the end of fiscal 2020, and we launched a similar program in Jakarta, Indonesia, in February 2019.

Sompo Group’s various capital as a source of competitiveness Social and relationship capital
Brand strategy to fulfill the SOMPO’s Purpose
17.16 9.5
Participation in the WEF Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution
 Multi-stakeholder partnership
Research promotion and technology improvement through innovation Initiatives to enhance SOMPO’s brand value
In 2019, we formulated a group brand slogan, “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing,” which is the Sompo Group’s vision, and we are rolling it out globally.
We are accelerating Group-wide efforts to fulfill the SOMPO’s Purpose through both our management and brand strategies, with the aim of going beyond our traditional image as a conventional P&C insurance company and becoming a well-known solution provider that contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing every people fundamentally seek.
The brand value of the Company has constantly grown
as a result of Group-wide efforts to enhance brand value with a sense of unity centered on our brand story. As a
result of these efforts, our company name recognition in Japan has more than tripled over the past five years to nearly 80% according to an external survey commissioned by the Company.
For more information on the SOMPO’s branding initiatives, please see our branding movie.
We are participating in the activities of the Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution (C4IR), established by the WEF in 2017. C4IR is the world’s largest multi-stakeholder platform for the responsible use of advanced technologies such as AI, blockchain, IoT, and autonomous driving, and for exploring ways to promote their implementation in society.
Through its participation in projects organized by C4IR, Sompo Holdings has been exploring appropriate management methods and effective ways to utilize personal data,
including in the medical and nursing care fields, as well as conducting risk analysis for the practical application of autonomous driving technology. We have published the results of these studies in a WEF white paper.
In April 2021, our executive participated as a speaker at the 1st Global Technology Governance Summit 2021, hosted by the WEF, and communicated the Sompo Group’s efforts in creating new social value through the use of data and technology to the world.
     Corporate brand value
Unit: million USD
409 370
(Year) 2017 2018
*Excerpt from the press release of Interbrand Japan, Inc.
512
Sompo Group
Brand story video (A message from the CEO)
Sompo Group
History video
Sompo Group
Documentary video  474
500
   2019 2020 2021
Each video can be viewed on YouTube via QR Code®.
(QR Code® is a registered trademark of Denso Wave Inc.)
It can also be viewed on the Sompo Holdings website or through our official YouTube channel. https://www.sompo-hd.com/en/company/channel/
  Increased global presence through activities at the World Economic Forum
Launch of “BUSHIDO CAPITALISM” to the world as part of global branding
To build a global brand, we published a book worldwide to introduce our views on management and capitalism, which underpins SOMPO’s Purpose and the social value we provide.
Sompo Group CEO Sakurada authored the book, which was published overseas in English in July 2021 and will be published in Japanese in December. By communicating mainly to global business leaders, investors, analysts, and intellectuals, we aim to increase our global recognition and presence.
This book presents a modern version of the values of Bushido, which have long been rooted in Japanese culture, based on Dr. Inazo Nitobe’s “Bushido: The Soul of Japan,” published in 1900, along with examples of our efforts. While the world is facing instability of capitalism, the book will be sent out to the world as a guidance for business leaders to reconsider the business for a sustainable future.
The World Economic Forum (WEF), founded by Klaus Schwab, is a non-profit international organization dedicated to public-private cooperation to improve world affairs. In collaboration with political, economic, academic and other leaders from around the world, including
heads of state and corporate executives, the WEF takes the lead in setting
important global, regional, and industrial
agendas.
Since 2015, we have actively participated in the annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland, held every January (commonly known as the Davos Forum) six times, and have demonstrated our global presence by participating in its activities.
The 2021 Davos Forum was held in January as a special online event called the Davos Agenda due to the spread of COVID-19. Leaders from various fields
engaged in lively discussions aimed at achieving The Great Reset to build a better world. As a speaker, Sompo Group CEO Sakurada presented Japanese values and spirituality that can contribute to building a post-COVID sustainable
society along with the Sompo Group’s initiatives in nursing care.
We have established a partnership with the English news magazine TIME, through which we communicate our activities at the WEF to world leaders participating in the WEF and to readers in 200 countries. In a WEF feature published in November 2020, our Group CEO Sakurada submitted an article titled "Redesign Capitalism to Incorporate Social Value” that presented a new capitalism needed after COVID-19 and the Sompo Group’s social value in the new era.
    66
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 67

Practice a self-directed work style based on MY Mission
The Sompo Group has launched the online management training program "MY Mission Training Program” to pursue transformation that creates a mission-driven corporate culture. Through the MY Mission 1-on-1 meetings with supervisors, each employee discusses and focuses on their own mission and practices a self-directed work style.
MY Mission refers to a person’s own life mission. At the Sompo Group, we define “WANT” as the moment when one’s
8.2 4.4
heart is moved, “MUST” as social responsibility, and “CAN” as the ability given to us by fate, and the area where these three circles overlap is the MY Mission that drives us. Then, with the view of work being a part of life, rather than life being a part of work, we aim to further enhance job satisfaction and productivity by having each employee overlay their MY Mission with the Sompo Group’s Purpose as they go about their day-to-day work.

We will roll out the MY Mission training program, which was first introduced in Sompo Holdings last year, to all Sompo Group companies from fiscal 2021. Then, with MY Mission as the driving force, all employees of the Sompo Group will
take ownership of their work with a sense of mission and job satisfaction, thereby increasing engagement and providing new value to society and customers.

Use of job-based employment system
Promoting self-directed career development is essential in realizing The Ideal Group of Talents that share the Three Core Values. We will greatly expand opportunities for self-selection of careers and employee growth in order to fulfill each employee’s MY Mission, and boost employee satisfaction and productivity.
We are promoting the introduction of a job-based employment system within the Sompo Group to enable self-directed career development. At Sompo Holdings, we introduced the job-based employment system in April 2020. We believe this will help with self-directed career development, as the system clearly defines the required expertise and scope of responsibilities, and is designed to hire and assign talent with the necessary experience and skills based on the nature of the job. In April 2021, all general manager posts in the Company were switched to job-based employment, and section manager posts will also be gradually switched to job-based employment. Additionally, we will roll this system out to each of our businesses. Furthermore, we are actively appointing highly specialized talent from outside of the Company in
key positions such as directors, executive officers, general managers, and specialists, and are promoting the strategic allocation of talent.
Introduce consistent group training system and promote self-directed learning
To develop talent that can take the lead and manage the Sompo Group at a global level in the future, we have been carrying out training for selected employees of all levels since fiscal 2021. For higher-level employees, we offer a curriculum that incorporates our Succession Plan, and for younger employees, we offer the SOMPO Global University, an inhouse university in partnership with the National University
of Singapore Business School. From the perspective of diversity, we invite a wide variety of participants, including from Sompo Group companies in Japan and overseas, and have introduced a system to ensure that future Sompo Group management talent are familiar with the Group Management Philosophy.
In addition, Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. has established Sompo Japan University as a place for online learning amid the COVID-19 pandemic, and supports the efforts of each and every employee to take on challenges by providing a place for self-directed learning.

Improve engagement and wellbeing
The Sompo Group aims to contribute to creating a sustainable society by placing even greater importance on the happiness at work of its employees, who are among its multi-stakeholders, along with the interests of its customers and shareholders. In addition, we are working to improve engagement and wellbeing, as we believe that increasing the satisfaction and happiness of each employee is the driving force behind high productivity. In the employee engagement survey conducted in fiscal 2020, we received responses from over 23,000 employees at 33 companies (21 in Japan and 12 overseas) across the Sompo Group. Furthermore, from fiscal 2021, we have newly set employee engagement as a KPI for the entire Sompo Group. We aim to further improve engagement and wellbeing by developing various measures aimed at promoting and fulfilling the Sompo Group’s Purpose, and through measures for work-style reform and initiatives linked to promoting health and productivity management.
Promoting health and productivity management
The Sompo Group Health & Productivity Management Declaration formulated in September 2020 is a Group-wide policy that incorporates three key aspects of health and productivity management: (1) embodying the Sompo Group Management Philosophy, (2) improving productivity, and (3) enhancing corporate value. Based on this policy, we are promoting initiatives with a focus on three areas including maintaining and improving employee health, ensuring a vibrant work environment, and data health.
Sompo Holdings has been selected as a Health & Productivity Stock in 2021 for the third consecutive year by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange as a company that excels in health and productivity management. In addition, 20 Sompo Group companies have been recognized under the Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program.The Sompo Group Health & Productivity Management Declaration
The Sompo Group values the mental and physical health of its employees and their families so as to "contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing of customers and society as a whole by providing insurance and related services of the highest quality possible.”
� We will respect our employees’ sense of ownership and support proactive health activities that reflect the mission and work style of each employee.
� We will provide a place where people can showcase their diverse talents and strengths, and improve the productivity of individuals and organizations through a healthy and empowering environment.
� We will help create a healthier and more energetic society by improving employee job satisfaction and bringing forth innovation.

Promoting diversity and inclusion
The Sompo Group has positioned diversity and inclusion (D&I) as part of its business strategy and is promoting it under the slogan "Diversity for Growth.” The purpose of promoting D&I is to facilitate sustainable growth of the Sompo Group and enhance corporate value by bringing forth innovation and improving employee happiness and satisfaction.
To fulfill the Sompo Group’s Purpose of serving as “A Theme Park for Security, Health and Wellbeing,” we need
to welcome the good clashes that happen when a diverse set of people come together, and build on that to innovate and find new value. It is important to achieve true D&I and tie it into major innovation under the idea that each and every employee at the workplace, regardless of gender, disability, nationality, age, etc., can leverage their individual talents and strengths, take advantage of change, and create new value.
In addition, we believe that employees working and feeling that they are contributing to the team by showcasing their unique qualities and strengths is an important factor that leads to employee happiness. Furthermore, we believe that the foundation for this lies in creating a culture that accepts everyone’s differences, and the Diversity Promotion Division will be the driving force behind our Group-wide efforts.

Advancement of women
We aim for women to account for at least 30% of our managers across the Sompo Group by the end of fiscal 2023, and are carrying out training programs for women to improve the knowledge and skills of female employees and transform their awareness and mindset, while also implementing our own programs at each Sompo Group company.
As of July 2013, there were 305 female managers in the entire Sompo Group and the ratio of female managers to total managers was 5.0%, but as a result of the above efforts, there were 1,384 female managers as of the end of March 2021 and the ratio of female managers to total managers was 24.2%.
For the fourth consecutive year, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) have selected Sompo Holdings as one of the “Nadeshiko Brand” companies, which are listed companies that make outstanding efforts to encourage women’s success in the workplace and are introduced as attractive stocks to investors focused on medium to long-term enhancement of corporate value.

Promoting advancement of people with disabilities
The Sompo Group hires people with disabilities all over the country, and is making efforts to create workplaces where they can play an active role and secure employment. As of June 1, 2021, the Sompo Group’s employment rate for people with disabilities is 2.38%.
Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. has placed vocational life consultants for people with disabilities throughout Japan, and has established a system to provide support for creating comfortable workplaces. SOMPO Challenged Inc., a special-purpose subsidiary* established in April 2018, also plays a role in driving the employment and activities of people with disabilities in the Sompo Group.
*A special-purpose subsidiary is a subsidiary that has been certified by the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare as meeting certain requirements stipulated in the Act on Employment Promotion, etc. of Persons with Disabilities and that gives special consideration to the employment of persons with disabilities.

Initiatives for leveraging cutting-edge
technologies
Since the establishment of the Digital Strategy Planning Department in April 2016, we have been working on transforming existing businesses and creating new businesses by gathering information on cutting-edge technologies and building networks with leading local companies, etc., with the aim of achieving digital transformation (DX) for the entire Sompo Group under the Sompo Digital Lab’s three-base structure in Tokyo, Silicon Valley, and Tel Aviv.
We have been working on incorporating DX into the foundation of our business strategy, marked by our agreement
to launch the Real Data Platform for Security, Health and Wellbeing with US-based big data analysis software platform operator Palantir Technologies Inc. in June 2020, followed
by our business alliance with ABEJA, which has extensive experience in helping customers implement DX solutions in society, in April 2021.
In addition, we are actively bringing on specialized talent, building a structure of directors and executives consisting of three executives with Koichi Narasaki as Group CDO, followed by Albert Chu as Group Co-CDO, and Hiroshi Omata as Group CDMO. Furthermore, to achieve the goal of “changing people, changing work, and changing the company,” within the Sompo Group, we will define the talent needed to promote DX by tier and establish a training system suitable for each tier to effectively develop digital talent and achieve both DX in existing businesses and the creation of new digital businesses.

Creating innovation through active
investment in digital technology
We are proactively conducting PoC (Proof of Concept) experiments and trials related to digital technology, and to date, 55 of 322 PoCs (14 of which are in production development) have been commercialized or turned into actual services at Sompo Group companies.
As for new businesses, we launched an online BtoB auction business in September 2020.
In addition, we are working on rolling out AI to respond quickly and satisfactorily to a variety of inquiries, such as
with the introduction of AI speech recognition systems to the claims service offices of Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. We are also introducing services geared at improving operational efficiency, including for automating insurance underwriting, such as the Osiete SOMPO! system, which answers questions sent to the back office from sales branches.

For the Sompo Group, which has a diverse business portfolio, the large amount of real data with clear sources generated and accumulated through each business is one of
the most important forms of intellectual capital that only the Sompo Group holds. For example, at Sompo Care, which is engaged in the nursing care business, about 20,000 employees provide a wide range of nursing care services to about 80,000 users, and the nursing care facilities produce a variety of information on a daily basis, including care plans, vital data, food intake, and employee attendance. Sompo Care is striving to appropriately collect and manage this large volume of data on approximately 100,000 people through the use of digital devices and other means, and is building a system to improve service quality and operational productivity through analysis and utilization based on advanced digital technology. For example, we have installed sleep sensors in the beds in the rooms of our facilities and have started collecting data on the waking and sleeping, breathing, and heart rate of residents, which we were previously unable to measure. By utilizing the collected data, we are working to identify any changes in physical condition early on. Similarly, Sompo Japan Insurance Inc., which operates the Domestic P&C Insurance business, is working to leverage the large amount of real data on accidents and disasters that it has accumulated through the provision of approximately 20 million insurance policies as valuable intellectual capital.

Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. has been selling the “Nyuin Passport (Healthy Life Support Insurance),” a medical insurance policy that covers actual expenses and pays claims in as little as 30 minutes, since June 2021.
Based on a thorough analysis of customer needs related to hospitalization, this product not only fully compensates for actual medical expenses for unforeseen hospitalizations in the future, but also offers unique coverage features such as hospitalization preparation insurance benefits that can be received prior to hospitalization, as well as the “Choose your level of hospitalization support” offering aimed at alleviating the burden on the hospitalized person and the family taking care of the patient. In addition to being able to complete the enrollment
procedure in about five minutes by gaining access through a QR code, etc., the insurance claim procedure can be completed in as little as 30 minutes and within 24 hours by taking and sending a picture of the receipt issued by the health facility with a smartphone.
Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. will continue its efforts to provide new insurance services utilizing InsurTech (Insurance + Technology).

Strategies
Climate change brings not only risks such as the intensification of natural disasters, but also business opportunities such as changes in the industrial structure and new technological innovations caused by the transition to a decarbonized society. The Group is engaged in risk management in our P&C insurance business through stress tests and scenario analysis, and we are also working to provide products and services by considering the various changes associated with climate change to be business opportunities.

The Group’s P&C insurance business has inherent risks of being affected by the intensification of natural disasters resulting from climate change, and we are working on measures including analysis using climate scenarios.
We conduct stress tests for such risks as windstorms and floods and quantitatively assess the financial impact of the stress scenarios that have a material impact on management if materialize, to verify the adequacy of capital and the effectiveness of risk mitigation measures.
Since 2018, we have been conducting large-scale analysis of typhoons and heavy rains using weather and climate big data from the Database for Policy Decision-making for Future Climate Change (d4PDF).*1 Based on this analysis, we are working to quantify changes in the average trends of natural catastrophes and trends in the occurrence of extreme weather events under climate conditions when temperatures rise by 2oC and 4oC over the medium to long-term.
In the future, we will continue to analyze the impact of climate change using the scenario analysis framework prepared by the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS), which studies financial supervisory response to climate change risks.
The Group participates in the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) insurance working group of the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI). We are also estimating the impact of typhoons using a simple quantitative model*2 based on the comprehensive guidance published by the working group in January 2021.

In the Regional Rivalry (SSP3) scenario in which there is a reliance on conventional fossil fuels, a failure to take adequate measures against climate change, and a slowdown in economic development, natural catastrophes become more severe, investment in infrastructure is insufficient, and social vulnerability increases. In such a society, the need to adapt to increase resilience to climate change is expected to increase. The Group is working to provide products and services that contribute to adaptation by utilizing the knowledge and knowhow of our insurance and related businesses.
Expanding climate risk consulting business
Since 2018, Sompo Risk Management has been participating in the Japan’s Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology’s Social Implementation Program on Climate Change Adaptation Technology (SI-CAT). The company utilizes a database that projects the climates that would result from global warming with temperature increases of 2oC and 4oC and exchanges opinions with research institutions. The company is also working to expand profits from its risk consulting business by using the know-how relating to natural catastrophe risk assessment models and the disclosure of climate-related information it has accumulated through such initiatives.

Agricultural insurance field initiatives
Sompo International, our core intermediate holding company in the overseas insurance business, launched AgriSompo,
an integrated brand in the agricultural insurance field in 2017. AgriSompo is expanding its business to South America and Asia in addition to Europe and North America, thereby aiming to contribute to a sustainable food supply system.
In addition, following research and development con-
ducted in collaboration with the Japan Bank for International
Cooperation (JBIC) and other bodies, Sompo Japan and
Sompo Risk Management launched weather-indexing in-
surance in Southeast Asia in 2010. Following on from this, a
product targeting longan farmers in Thailand was launched
in 2019 and a product targeting sugarcane farmers was
launched in 2021. These products help reduce the risks
associated with the need for farmers
to adapt to natural disaster risks such
as windstorms, floods and droughts. In
2015, it was certified as a Business Call
to Action initiative (BCtA)*3, as an initiative to achieve both business activities
and sustainable development.
*3 Initiative led by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) that aims to promote the establishment of business models that achieve both business activities and sustainable development.

In Sustainability (SSP1) scenario, which harmonizes the environment and the economy, a certain level of economic development underpins the effective implementation of climate action, renewable energy and new technological development progresses, and new insurance needs are expected to increase. The Group advances initiatives to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions and contribute to mitigation of climate change by encouraging switching to and expanding the use of renewable energy.

Group initiatives to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions
In April 2021, we announced a greenhouse gas emission reduction policy, which aims to achieve net zero by 2050. We are working toward a goal of 60% reduction in 2030 (compared to 2017) by promoting measures such as switching
to renewable energy as a source of electricity used by the Group. We are also undertaking initiatives to reduce emissions in collaboration with stakeholders, aiming for net zero emissions in the value chain, including at investment portfolio companies.

ONE SOMPO WIND Services for wind power generation companies
In addition to providing P&C insurance products, we capitalize on the know-how acquired through joint research with universities, research institutions, and other stakeholders to roll out a risk management service that comprehensively covers the value chains of wind power generation businesses. The service targets all phases of wind power generation projects, from project formation and operational start-up through to subsequent removal or replacement.

Identifying businesses and sectors that adversely affect the environment and society to utilize the results in insuring, investing and financing
The Group identifies businesses and sectors that may adversely affect the environment and society through the destruction of nature and human rights violations, and is building a database through dialogue with stakeholders and our own unique analysis for use in insuring and in investment and financing decisions.
Insuring, investment and financing restriction policy for coal­fired power plants (first among P&C insurance companies in Japan)
In September 2020, Sompo Japan announced that it would be the first P&C insurance company in Japan not to insure, invest or finance the construction of new coal-fired power plants, which are feared to accelerate climate change. We believe dialogue with stakeholders to be an important opportunity to develop the Group’s business and so, going forward, we will continue to grasp the expectations and demands on the Group through such dialogue, and contribute to societal transformation by promoting initiatives to decarbonize the industry.

ESG initiatives by Sompo Asset Management
Sompo Asset Management participates in Climate Action 100+, an initiative led by institutional investors that collaboratively promotes engagement activities, and actively encourages investment portfolio companies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and prepare long-term plans. In September 2017, the company became a signatory to the Montréal Carbon Pledge, which is overseen by the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI). The company regularly calculates and discloses greenhouse gas emissions per 10,000 beneficial interest units of the Japan Value Equity Sustainable fund, which is focused on long-term investment, overall fund emissions and the weighted average carbon intensity of the fund.

Thirty years of environmental education initiatives
Since establishing a Department of Global Environment in 1992, the Group has understood the importance of spontaneous action by individuals to address climate change and other global environmental issues, and we are continuously working to develop environmental personnel through collaboration with civil society organizations.

Identifying businesses and sectors that adversely affect the environment and society to utilize the results in insuring, investing and financing
The Group identifies businesses and sectors that may adversely affect the environment and society through the destruction of nature and human rights violations, and is building a database through dialogue with stakeholders and our own unique analysis for use in insuring and in investment and financing decisions.
Insuring, investment and financing restriction policy for coal­fired power plants (first among P&C insurance companies in Japan)
In September 2020, Sompo Japan announced that it would be the first P&C insurance company in Japan not to insure, invest or finance the construction of new coal-fired power plants, which are feared to accelerate climate change. We believe dialogue with stakeholders to be an important opportunity to develop the Group’s business and so, going forward, we will continue to grasp the expectations and demands on the Group through such dialogue, and contribute to societal transformation by promoting initiatives to decarbonize the industry.

ESG initiatives by Sompo Asset Management
Sompo Asset Management participates in Climate Action 100+, an initiative led by institutional investors that collaboratively promotes engagement activities, and actively encourages investment portfolio companies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and prepare long-term plans. In September 2017, the company became a signatory to the Montréal Carbon Pledge, which is overseen by the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI). The company regularly calculates and discloses greenhouse gas emissions per 10,000 beneficial interest units of the Japan Value Equity Sustainable fund, which is focused on long-term investment, overall fund emissions and the weighted average carbon intensity of the fund.

Thirty years of environmental education initiatives
Since establishing a Department of Global Environment in 1992, the Group has understood the importance of spontaneous action by individuals to address climate change and other global environmental issues, and we are continuously working to develop environmental personnel through collaboration with civil society organizations.