In the Regional Rivalry (SSP3) scenario in which there is a reliance on conventional fossil fuels, a failure to take adequate measures against climate change, and a slowdown in economic development, natural catastrophes become more severe, investment in infrastructure is insufficient, and social vulnerability increases. In such a society, the need to adapt to increase resilience to climate change is expected to increase. The Group is working to provide products and services that contribute to adaptation by utilizing the knowledge and knowhow of our insurance and related businesses.
Expanding climate risk consulting business
Since 2018, Sompo Risk Management has been participating in the Japan’s Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology’s Social Implementation Program on Climate Change Adaptation Technology (SI-CAT). The company utilizes a database that projects the climates that would result from global warming with temperature increases of 2oC and 4oC and exchanges opinions with research institutions. The company is also working to expand profits from its risk consulting business by using the know-how relating to natural catastrophe risk assessment models and the disclosure of climate-related information it has accumulated through such initiatives.

Agricultural insurance field initiatives
Sompo International, our core intermediate holding company in the overseas insurance business, launched AgriSompo,
an integrated brand in the agricultural insurance field in 2017. AgriSompo is expanding its business to South America and Asia in addition to Europe and North America, thereby aiming to contribute to a sustainable food supply system.
In addition, following research and development con-
ducted in collaboration with the Japan Bank for International
Cooperation (JBIC) and other bodies, Sompo Japan and
Sompo Risk Management launched weather-indexing in-
surance in Southeast Asia in 2010. Following on from this, a
product targeting longan farmers in Thailand was launched
in 2019 and a product targeting sugarcane farmers was
launched in 2021. These products help reduce the risks
associated with the need for farmers
to adapt to natural disaster risks such
as windstorms, floods and droughts. In
2015, it was certified as a Business Call
to Action initiative (BCtA)*3, as an initiative to achieve both business activities
and sustainable development.
*3 Initiative led by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) that aims to promote the establishment of business models that achieve both business activities and sustainable development.
