Promoting diversity and inclusion
The Sompo Group has positioned diversity and inclusion (D&I) as part of its business strategy and is promoting it under the slogan "Diversity for Growth.” The purpose of promoting D&I is to facilitate sustainable growth of the Sompo Group and enhance corporate value by bringing forth innovation and improving employee happiness and satisfaction.
To fulfill the Sompo Group’s Purpose of serving as “A Theme Park for Security, Health and Wellbeing,” we need
to welcome the good clashes that happen when a diverse set of people come together, and build on that to innovate and find new value. It is important to achieve true D&I and tie it into major innovation under the idea that each and every employee at the workplace, regardless of gender, disability, nationality, age, etc., can leverage their individual talents and strengths, take advantage of change, and create new value.
In addition, we believe that employees working and feeling that they are contributing to the team by showcasing their unique qualities and strengths is an important factor that leads to employee happiness. Furthermore, we believe that the foundation for this lies in creating a culture that accepts everyone’s differences, and the Diversity Promotion Division will be the driving force behind our Group-wide efforts.

Advancement of women
We aim for women to account for at least 30% of our managers across the Sompo Group by the end of fiscal 2023, and are carrying out training programs for women to improve the knowledge and skills of female employees and transform their awareness and mindset, while also implementing our own programs at each Sompo Group company.
As of July 2013, there were 305 female managers in the entire Sompo Group and the ratio of female managers to total managers was 5.0%, but as a result of the above efforts, there were 1,384 female managers as of the end of March 2021 and the ratio of female managers to total managers was 24.2%.
For the fourth consecutive year, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) have selected Sompo Holdings as one of the “Nadeshiko Brand” companies, which are listed companies that make outstanding efforts to encourage women’s success in the workplace and are introduced as attractive stocks to investors focused on medium to long-term enhancement of corporate value.

Promoting advancement of people with disabilities
The Sompo Group hires people with disabilities all over the country, and is making efforts to create workplaces where they can play an active role and secure employment. As of June 1, 2021, the Sompo Group’s employment rate for people with disabilities is 2.38%.
Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. has placed vocational life consultants for people with disabilities throughout Japan, and has established a system to provide support for creating comfortable workplaces. SOMPO Challenged Inc., a special-purpose subsidiary* established in April 2018, also plays a role in driving the employment and activities of people with disabilities in the Sompo Group.
*A special-purpose subsidiary is a subsidiary that has been certified by the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare as meeting certain requirements stipulated in the Act on Employment Promotion, etc. of Persons with Disabilities and that gives special consideration to the employment of persons with disabilities.
