  Domestic P&C Insurance Business
The value provided by domestic P&C insurance business is geared towards achieving SOMPO’s Purpose
Guided by employee happiness and job satisfaction, the Group’s mainstay domestic P&C insurance business will look to contribute to society by creating products and services that are of value to customers in the insurance field and in the broader domain of health, safety, and wellbeing.
The type of social value generated in the domestic P&C insurance business safeguards people from the risks that soci- ety and people face no matter what day and age and contributes to the realization of a sustainable society. To this end, we intend to further develop the P&C insurance business that we have hitherto honed over the course of 130 years and push ahead with initiatives that allow us to contribute to society going forward by making forays into new businesses that help solve challenges in society, such as disaster prevention/mitigation and autonomous driving.
  Looking back on the previous MTMP
KPI Actual
Net premiums written*
Adjusted profit
Factors include hurricanes in North America and increase in large losses
   (¥ bn)
1,858.3
2016
Around 1% CAGR
(¥ bn)
1,878.4
2017
1,909.2
1,954.0
1,958.1
2020 (FY)
135.4
85.3
Factors include increase in 130.1 natural disasters in Japan
         2018 2019
2016
2017 2018
2019
2020 (FY)
60.8 42.3
   Main KPIs for the New MTMP
*Total for domestic P&C insurance business. Excludes compulsory auto liability insurance and household earthquake insurance. Adjusted for underwritten reinsurance policies (roughly ¥60 billion) transferred in phases to overseas subsidiaries. Amounts in each year yet to be transferred have been deducted.
At the start of our previous Mid-Term Management Plan that kicked off in fiscal 2016, we endeavored to improve topline growth as a top priority based on the concept of pursuing quality and structure (profitability and financial soundness)
in order to achieve better quality growth. However, midway through the period of the plan we started to see firsthand how business models and the structure of the industry were chang- ing along with shifting customer values and behavior, mainly as a result of numerous large-scale natural disasters and the exponential evolution of digital technology. We therefore made a bold decision to switch our strategy based on the thinking
 Indicators
FY2020 actual
PlanFY2021FY2023
Adjusted profit by business
¥130.1 billion
¥105.0 billion
¥150.0 billion+
ROE by business*1
11.0%
8.0%
11.0%
Net written premiums*2
¥1,958.1 billion
¥1,988.6 billion
¥2,079.9 billion
Combined ratio*3
94.3%
94.8%
91.7%
Sale of strategic shareholdings*4
¥70.3 billion
¥50.0 billion
¥50.0 billion
(3-year cumulative: ¥150.0 billion)
Net income*5
¥146.9 billion
¥133.0 billion
¥180.0 billion+*1 ROE by business = adjusted profit by business ÷ allocated capital
*2 Combined total for domestic P&C insurance business; excludes compulsory auto liability insurance and household earthquake insurance
*3 Sompo Japan Insurance (non-consolidated); excludes compulsory auto liability insurance and household earthquake insurance; earned/incurred basis *4 Realization value basis
*5 Sompo Japan Insurance (non-consolidated)
Strengths, Opportunities and Risks
that preparing for major changes that could possibly occur in the future should be our number one priority.
Thus, over a two-year period beginning in fiscal 2019, all departments banded together to prioritize structural reforms and the development of business foundation that will enable us to enhance our ability to cope with change in the future and generate greater earnings, rather than simply boosting sluggish topline growth.
The benefits of the initiatives we implemented during those two years are starting materialize in terms of our adaptability to change, as well as earnings power.
 Initiatives of the previous Mid-Term Management PlanBetter quality growthQuality Thorough pursuit of quality from the customer’s perspectiveStructure Pursuit of profitability and financial soundness > Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)   FY2016–2018 | Pursued top-line growth as in the past
From FY2016
Do the right thing
• Customer-oriented/frontline-driven (Headquarters reform)
• Delegation of authority to the frontline
From FY2017
To become a better company
• Zero-based work review
• Channel innovation
• 3 missions: quality, productivity, specialization
From FY2018
New challenges
• Creation of new business models and new businesses by the Strategic Business Design Department and Business Creation Department
FY2019–2020 | Started far-sighted structural reforms
Corporate culture change (Spirit)
 Strengths
• High-quality sales network and number one in the industry for claims service quality
• Top-class earnings capabilities in domestic P&C industry derived from earnings structure reforms
• Product development know-how and diverse lineup of services and solutions that extend beyond insur-
ance business boundaries
Opportunities
• Creation of solutions and further improvement of business efficiency by utilizing digital technology • Growth in insurance enrollment needs owing to the emergence of new risks
• Room to tap into new markets
Risks
• Increase in intense natural disasters
• Market entry of industry outsiders and expanding share of on-demand P&C insurance
• Decrease in car ownership owing mainly to changing demographics, young people having less interest
in owning a car, and the continued rise of the sharing economy      Built a foundation for the future
Profits
Personnel development (Revision of HR system, Sompo Japan University)
New work style/operational process
Change in value standards
      ERM
3 structural reforms
Earnings structure reform
Personnel structure reform (from scratch + AI and RPA) Sales network structure reform (CI+G)
      Started structural reforms
        New challenges
Development of new business (MaaS/Disaster prevention & mitigation/ Self-driving vehicles, etc.)
Development of new products and services (Next Retail PT/New Solution PT)
     124
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 125BUSINESS
Acceleration of growth strategy
Enhanced adaptability to change
Enhanced profitability
  Domestic P&C Insurance Business
  New Mid-Term Management Plan
Vision of the new MTMP
2 Enhance resilience
In the domestic P&C insurance business we aim to build and maintain a business structure that can continually grow steadily and sustainably despite the ongoing changes in the operating environment typified by the frequent occurrence of increasingly intense natural disasters and a decrease in car ownership.
Combined ratio*
95.0%
FY2015
Sompo Japan
To that end, and as part of our earnings structure reform, we will look to optimize pricing, reinforce underwriting and loss prevention, continue to take steps to improve productivity, and set our sights on establishing a business characterized by high productivity and profitability.
   Vision
Mission
Brand slogan
Deliver a certain tomorrow full of happiness and vitality to all people, communities, and society
Grounded in the happiness and engagement of employees, contribute to society by creat- ing products and services that are valuable to customers in insurance, as well as security, health, and wellbeing
 Innovation for Wellbeing
100.8%
 As we work towards achieving the SOMPO’s Purpose, the domestic P&C insurance business will seek to generate new customer value, create new businesses that help solve social issues, and aim to monetize those business- es. And by pushing ahead with reforms to our underlying corporate culture, we intend to foster an organizational culture in which every employee in our diverse workforce can demonstrate creativity and originality, always take the
Specific strategies in the new MTMP
1 Accelerate growth strategy
We intend to step up the pace of our growth strategy by utiliz-
ing the foundation we built up during the period of our previous Mid-Term Management Plan. To do this, we will strengthen
our marketing and innovation—two key functions required for continuously creating new customer value—and embark on new challenges away from the natural line of extension seen thus far. From the perspective of keeping our existing agency
Growth strategy with enhanced marketing/DX
customer’s point of view into consideration, and make and execute decisions with speed. By the penetration of these 3 corporate spirts as “Speed,” “Creativity & Originlity”
and “Thorough customer-centricity,” we will create new customer-centric products, services, and businesses that address the potential issues of customers and society. It is with these new sources of value creation that we hope to contribute to society.
business model finely honed, we will strengthen our marketing approach and take up the challenge of building a framework that integrates a series of processes for carrying out market research, product development, advertising, promotion, sales, and claims services. And by exhaustively adopting digital tech- nology, we will also focus on building a business model that enhances convenience and experiential value for customers.
97.2%
Significant improvement
in the difference between Sompo and peers compared with FY2015
93.2%
FY2016
Company A
95.7%
FY2017
Company B
Impact of major natural disasters
FY2018 FY2019
94.3%
FY2020
94.8%
FY2021 (forecast)
91.7%
FY2023 (plan)
 *Excludes compulsory auto liability insurance and household earthquake insurance; earned/incurred basis
*Based on publicly available materials of other companies
    Monetization of New Businesses
3 Strengthen business foundation Society today is being rapidly transformed by the imperatives
of the SDGs in the lead up to 2030. But even in a post-SDGs world, Sompo Japan Insurance is committed to improving its ability to sustainably generate social value with the aim of be- coming a key player responsible for solving social challenges.
To drive Company growth under our new Mid-Term Management Plan, we intend to create social and economic value from three angles: (1) employing an SDGs in Business Management and contributing further to society through our original business of P&C insurance; (2) creating new value
Initiatives for strengthening our business foundation
even in new business domains like disaster prevention/mit- igation and autonomous driving; (3) and reducing our own greenhouse gas emissions, expanding ESG investments, and participating in regional revitalization initiatives.
In addition, we will set our sights on achieving sustained growth by fostering a style of organizational management and corporate culture in which every employee can learn, think, and act for themselves, and by rolling out various initiatives for constructing a robust business foundation, such as upgrading our operational base systems.
Sompo Japan’s perspective of SDGs in Business Management
• Further develop contributions to the SDGs through the original P&C insurance business
• Create new social value in new business domains, like disaster prevention/mitigation
• Take steps to reduce own greenhouse gas emissions
   Market research
Understand customer behavior
Self-Driving
High accuracy 3D maps
Mobility
• Car sharing and car leasing between individuals (Establishment of JV with DeNA)
• Car park sharing (Investment in akippa)
Innovation for Wellbeing
• Social value + economic value • Energizing employees
      Collaboration with high-quality, high-growth agencies
Channel sales promotion
Get to know customers deeply over a long time
Branding and internal branding
Marketing Department
Strategic products based on customer feedback
New product development
Open self-driving OS
Monitoring and responding to accidents
Rulemaking in society
 Customers Enable customers
SOMPO JAPAN
•Data (insurance policies, claims, disaster)
• Sales network, sales footing •Customer relations
• Taking pride in the business
Strengthening social value creation and earnings power
Addressing carbon neutrality and ESG issues
HR development (awareness and job motivation among all employees/expanding core pool of employees)
2023 2030
 to have a comfortable experience
Accelerating the pace of social value creation (platform provider for regional revitalization, products & services, and partnerships)
         Newly established
Advertising and PR
Effective promotion (Advertising based on market research)
DX Department
• Damage prediction system using insurance claim data and AI
• Contributing to the creation of disaster-resilient cities
Disaster Prevention & Mitigation
• Energy generation from organic waste
• Assumed to be used as an emer- gency power source using disaster waste as raw material
Renewable Energy
Post-SDGs
Period of new Mid-Term Management Plan
Period after Mid-Term Management Plan
Creation of social value
Creation of economic value
    126
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 127
BUSINESS

Domestic P&C Insurance Business Company Outline
 Saison Automobile and Fire Insurance
The original features of the company’s mainstay product “Otona no Jidosha Hoken” include insurance rates that are set by age and a range of coverage options. Moreover, such services as ALSOK Reliable Acci- dent Site Support Service have proven popular. Reflecting this favorable reputation, policies in force surpassed 1.1 million in March 2021. The company uses digital technology and in-person customer service to shed light on the concerns and risks faced by customers and supports safe and reliable day-to-day living by providing tailor-made products and services that eliminate any concerns or risks that do arise.
Sompo Risk Management
Leveraging its core analytics, risk management, and cyber security busi- nesses, Sompo Risk Management aims to be a consistently reliable and helpful provider of solutions and services in the areas of health, safety, and wellbeing, and an indispensable company favored by the commu- nity to deliver solutions and services finely attuned to the needs of cus- tomers to address new issues and risks in society.
Prime Assistance
As the Sompo Group’s assistance company, Prime Assistance supports the security, safety, and wellbeing of customers 24/7 with the highest possible service in four business domains: automotive, home, health- care, and international travel. At the same time, by developing new businesses, the company has aspirations to evolve into a provider of real services to assist customers in any kind of predicament. In devel- oping and launching such businesses, Prime Assistance seeks to con- tribute to the realization of a sustainable society by squarely addressing social issues.
Sompo Japan Partners
Sompo Japan DC Securities
As the Sompo Group’s defined contribution pension (DC) plan admin- istrator, Sompo Japan DC Securities offers comprehensive bundled services related to plan administrative operations for corporate-type DC plans and individual-type DC plans (iDeCo). Services range from plan implementation and asset building support for participants (employees), to account management. With the aim of “realizing a prosperous and bright future (post-work life)” for customers, the com- pany is committed to providing asset building support throughout life stages, from the working years to after retirement in order to secure money for old age.
Mysurance
As the Sompo Group’s small amount, short-term insurance company, Mysurance collaborates with digital platform providers and other part- ners in other industries to provide specialty digital insurance products like cancellation insurance, flight delay insurance, and smartphone insurance. The company will continue to take up the challenge of gen- erating new experiential value with the use of digital technology as it aims to become an insurer that can respond quickly to the emerging needs of customers in these ever-changing times.
Sompo Warranty
Sompo Warranty provides an extended warranty service, based on war- ranty provisions, to cover the repair of a product malfunction or defect for a fixed duration following the expiration of a manufacturer’s warranty. This service is available for home electrical appliances, housing fixtures and equipment, mobile phones, and other products. The company also operates a business that guarantees the refurbishment of rental housing equipment. Sompo Warranty will continue to cater to the wide-ranging needs of customers and offer innovative and top-quality extended war- ranty services that guarantee safety and security.
Initiatives for realizing the Sompo Group’s purpose  Prime Assistance
Sales launch of service to prevent distracted driving
On December 1, 2019, Japan’s amended Road Traffic Act came into effect to strengthen penalties on the use of mobile phones when driving. With the aim of realizing an accident-free society and preventing the use of mobile phones while driving, Prime Assistance has made preparations to launch a service for business operators that restrict the use of smartphones when operating a vehicle with the use of digital technology developed by tech firm Motion Intelligence.
Proof of concept testing with partner companies conducted thus far have demonstrated that appropriate management and operation by companies adopting the technology is possible with an average 40% and 36% reduction in traffic accidents and traffic infringements, respectively. Beginning in fiscal 2021, Prime Assistance has started providing services to both dis- tributors and customers.
Mysurance
Free distribution of information ethics leaflet
Mysurance, the Sompo Group small amount, short-term insur- ance provider for mainly digital insurance products, conducted a joint study with Shizuoka University—an institution with an extensive track record in the field of information ethics educa- tion—to produce a leaflet that can be read by both children and parents (or guardians) to learn about information ethics and the proper use of smartphones at a time when online slan- dering on social media platforms is rising as more and more children come to own a smartphone.
In December 2020, Shizuoka University, Sompo Japan Insurance, Mysurance, and the sponsor of this initiative, Suruga Bank, freely distributed the leaflets to 55 elementary and junior high schools in the city of Shizuoka. The leaflets were also distributed to all schools in the cities of Numazu and Mishima in April 2021.
Going forward, Mysurance will collaborate with other Sompo Group companies, local governments, and supporting organi- zations tackling the issue of
information ethics education
to contribute to the safe and secure use of smartphones by children in Japan by distrib- uting educational materials countrywide and organizing activities aimed at raising awareness about the issue.
Sompo Risk Management
Initiatives for a sustainable society
Sompo Risk Management provides broad-ranging support on sustainability initiatives by offering consulting services regarding the latest benchmarks used to evaluate corporate value—a topic of growing interest for investors. They include ESG (Environment, Social, and Governance), the SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals), and the TCFD (Task force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures).
The company has also formulated, and periodically re- views, a human rights policy in line with the United Nation’s Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and accordingly identifies and assesses human rights risks.
    Smartphone app Dedicated signaling device
Mounted inside the vehicle
Also manageable with a physical key
          128
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 129
With service centers all over Japan, Sompo Japan Partners is one of Japan’s largest insur- ance agents. It provides comprehensive health, safety, and wellbeing services to approx- imately one million customers centering on P&C and life insurance. It also operates a customer service handover business (for agents) and an intern training business.
Sompo Japan Partners will continue to care deeply about the feedback and opinions it receives from customers in order to provide services closely attuned to people’s livelihoods in a bid to remain an insurance agency appreciated and continually favored by customers.
Sompo Japan DC Securities
Providing bundled services for defined contribution pension plans to prepare for the 100-year life era.
As the trend “from savings to investment” accelerates in
the “era of the 100-year life,” and with the aim of “realizing a prosperous and bright future (post-work life),” Sompo Japan DC Securities (Sompo Group’s defined contribution pension (DC) plan administrator) provides support for building assets throughout life stages, from during the working years to after retirement, in order to secure money for old age. In fiscal 2020, the company released “Tsumitate Navi,” a smartphone app
for corporate-type defined contribution pension (DC) plans. “Tsumitate Navi” is equipped with a robo-advisor which serves as a tool to help customers find their investment types and se- lect investment products suit-
able for them. The company
brings “security” to customers
who “want to start building
assets but don’t know which
investment products are
appropriate for them.”
  