 Healthcare Business
The value provided by healthcare business is geared towards achieving SOMPO’s Purpose
Our healthcare business was newly added to the core business in fiscal 2021. In addition to providing “value after some- thing happens” as typified by the insurance and nursing care businesses, this new business will provide “solutions to help people lead healthy and happy lives” before anything happens. In this way, we will fulfill SOMPO’s Purpose of realizing
a society in which every person can live a healthy, prosperous and happy life in one’s own way with “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.”
Through these efforts, we will help build sustainable public medical and long-term care insurance system by extending healthy life expectancy and improving the productivity and quality of medical services.
  New Mid-Term Management Plan
  Vision of the new MTMP
By establishing a new business foundation that can grow into a pillar of the Group’s operations and achieving growth of the two existing healthcare-related companies, we are committed to creating a future society for healthy and happy lives while actively utilizing products and services from Japan and over- seas. As part of the value we provide to society, we aim to achieve the following.
• Provide healthy and happy new lifestyles for both “support givers” and the “support recipients” in the public security system
• Provide solutions that contribute to people’s health, both directly and indirectly, such as disease prevention and improvement in the quality and efficiency of medical care
• Create a Real Data Platform (RDP) in the healthcare domain that contributes to these goals
 Target Profile
• We will target sustainable growth of the two existing Group operating companies: SOMPO Health Support Inc. and Well- ness Communications Corporation. SOMPO Health Support promotes mental and physical health by combining its long track record in the healthcare business with the latest knowledge and digital technologies to offer products and services that can be highly beneficial to health. Wellness Communications provides companies and health insurance associations with checkup outsourcing services and health information management systems.
• In addition, we will help build a sustainable public medical and long-term care insurance system by extending healthy life expectancy and improving the productivity and quality of medical services. We aim to create new healthcare-related busi- nesses that will become a pillar of the Group’s operations and play a central role in its transformation into “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing.”
Strengths, Opportunities and Risks
Specific strategies in the new MTMP
2 Build RDP as a source of value creation
By providing value through products, services, and solutions in healthcare-related businesses, we will acquire and utilize real data for visualization on digital devices. Based on such data, we aim to build an RDP as a source for delivering new value to more people, including by promoting awareness and behavioral changes.
Promote health
Return to good health (including preventing deterioration) Streamline medical care
Provide healthy and happy new lifestyles
Gather and utilize data as a source of value
  1
In order to extend healthy life expectancy and support med- ical productivity and quality improvement, we will develop businesses in a range of fields, from prevention and pre-dis- ease to diagnosis and treatment. Utilizing both real and digital customer contact points, we will also provide new solutions that contribute to improved health and prevention of diseas- es and serious illnesses. In these ways, we will provide new lifestyles of health and happiness.
Develop businesses in the prevention, pre-disease, diagnosis, and treatment fields
 Strengths
• Customer base of individuals, corporations, and organizations built through insurance business and two existing healthcare companies
• Solutions, know-how, data, human resources, etc. of the two existing healthcare companies
• In-house infrastructure of businesses related to healthcare, such as nursing care, life insurance, and digital
business
Opportunities
• Domestic social issues stemming rapid decline of productive workforce (widening supply–demand gap for medical and long-term care, decline in the working-age population, tightening of financial resources for the social security system, etc.
• Policy issues and investments at various levels based on the above (diverse employment and social participation, extension of healthy life expectancy, reform of medical and welfare services)
• Social expectations of the non-public healthcare industry (service industry group) to support public insurance
Risks
• Risk of leakage of personal information (including sensitive information) about customers of two existing companies due to cyber attacks, etc.
• Investment-related risk in new business development; risk of reduced competitive advantage due to standardization of new services  Prevention/ pre-disease
Health promotion
+α
Diagnosis/ treatment
Health recovery
      Health
    Wellness  RDP  144
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 145BUSINESS
Strategic Operating Companies
 To help more customers enjoy lives of security, health, and wellbeing, we are developing a variety of businesses that tran- scend the framework of insurance. These include the asset management business, which covers services related to asset formation for customers, and the home remodeling business.
Company Outline
Sompo Asset Management
Sompo Asset Management Co., Ltd. proposes and provides top-caliber products and asset management services to help customers build asset portfolios over the medium and long terms, with the aim of being the most customer-oriented asset management company in Japan.
For the Realization of SOMPO’s Purpose
Sompo Asset Management
Solving Social Issues through ESG Investments
In the asset management
business, Sompo Asset
Management has continued
incorporating environmen-
tal, social, and governance
(ESG) factors into its invest-
ment value analyses since
1993. Its pioneering eco-
fund, Sompo Japan Green
Open Fund (“Buna no Mori”),
entered its 22nd year of
operation in fiscal 2020. In
March 2020, Sompo Asset
Management launched a Japanese equity ESG fund in the European market, the home of ESG investments.
Sompo Asset Management incorporates ESG factors into
its investment process by continuously monitoring corporate ESG information and evaluating it in an integrated manner
as investment value (ESG integration). Through the research activities of in-house analysts, Sompo Asset Management ac- curately grasps the medium- to long-term profitability of each company, which forms the basis of the investment value as- sessments. It also engages in dialogue with those companies with a focus on improving corporate value and sustainable growth. In fiscal 2020, Sompo Asset Management engaged in dialogue on 2,564 occasions, including 607 individual dia- logues with companies and participation in 1,957 information briefing sessions and other events.
In addition to the daily research activities of its analysts, Sompo Asset Management utilizes the results of annual sur- veys conducted by Sompo Risk Management, a dedicated
FRESHHOUSE
As a general remodeling company, FRESHHOUSE CO., LTD. aims to provide high-quality remodeling services that elimi- nate uneasiness, inconvenience, and discomfort and to create homes in which residents can live safely, comfortably, and with peace of mind.
research company in the Sompo Group. In-house analysts use the results of the surveys as non-financial information
for calculating the investment value of companies. They are also used as selection criteria for investment in ESG-focused products, such as our custom “SOMPO Sustainability Index” calculated by Sompo Holdings. As of March 31, 2021, the balance of such investment products totaled around ¥180 billion. Through these products, Sompo Asset Management also discloses information on the concept and significance of ESG investments to a wide range of investors and plans to step up its activities in the future.
FRESHHOUSE
Adapting to New Lifestyles with Stay Reform®
In June 2020, FRESHHOUSE launched its Stay Reform® remodeling plan to support new lifestyles that have emerged in a bid to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Stay Reform® helps people easily adapt to new lifestyles in various ways, including through the remodeling of work-from-home spaces, the incorporation of touchless products, and the installation of delivery lockers for receiving packages without interfacing with others.
          