Sompo Group’s various capital as a source of competitiveness Social and relationship capital
Brand strategy to fulfill the SOMPO’s Purpose
17.16 9.5
Participation in the WEF Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution
 Multi-stakeholder partnership
Research promotion and technology improvement through innovation Initiatives to enhance SOMPO’s brand value
In 2019, we formulated a group brand slogan, “A Theme Park for Security, Health & Wellbeing,” which is the Sompo Group’s vision, and we are rolling it out globally.
We are accelerating Group-wide efforts to fulfill the SOMPO’s Purpose through both our management and brand strategies, with the aim of going beyond our traditional image as a conventional P&C insurance company and becoming a well-known solution provider that contribute to the security, health, and wellbeing every people fundamentally seek.
The brand value of the Company has constantly grown
as a result of Group-wide efforts to enhance brand value with a sense of unity centered on our brand story. As a
result of these efforts, our company name recognition in Japan has more than tripled over the past five years to nearly 80% according to an external survey commissioned by the Company.
For more information on the SOMPO’s branding initiatives, please see our branding movie.
We are participating in the activities of the Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution (C4IR), established by the WEF in 2017. C4IR is the world’s largest multi-stakeholder platform for the responsible use of advanced technologies such as AI, blockchain, IoT, and autonomous driving, and for exploring ways to promote their implementation in society.
Through its participation in projects organized by C4IR, Sompo Holdings has been exploring appropriate management methods and effective ways to utilize personal data,
including in the medical and nursing care fields, as well as conducting risk analysis for the practical application of autonomous driving technology. We have published the results of these studies in a WEF white paper.
In April 2021, our executive participated as a speaker at the 1st Global Technology Governance Summit 2021, hosted by the WEF, and communicated the Sompo Group’s efforts in creating new social value through the use of data and technology to the world.
     Corporate brand value
Unit: million USD
409 370
(Year) 2017 2018
*Excerpt from the press release of Interbrand Japan, Inc.
512
Sompo Group
Brand story video (A message from the CEO)
Sompo Group
History video
Sompo Group
Documentary video  474
500
   2019 2020 2021
Each video can be viewed on YouTube via QR Code®.
(QR Code® is a registered trademark of Denso Wave Inc.)
It can also be viewed on the Sompo Holdings website or through our official YouTube channel. https://www.sompo-hd.com/en/company/channel/
  Increased global presence through activities at the World Economic Forum
Launch of “BUSHIDO CAPITALISM” to the world as part of global branding
To build a global brand, we published a book worldwide to introduce our views on management and capitalism, which underpins SOMPO’s Purpose and the social value we provide.
Sompo Group CEO Sakurada authored the book, which was published overseas in English in July 2021 and will be published in Japanese in December. By communicating mainly to global business leaders, investors, analysts, and intellectuals, we aim to increase our global recognition and presence.
This book presents a modern version of the values of Bushido, which have long been rooted in Japanese culture, based on Dr. Inazo Nitobe’s “Bushido: The Soul of Japan,” published in 1900, along with examples of our efforts. While the world is facing instability of capitalism, the book will be sent out to the world as a guidance for business leaders to reconsider the business for a sustainable future.
The World Economic Forum (WEF), founded by Klaus Schwab, is a non-profit international organization dedicated to public-private cooperation to improve world affairs. In collaboration with political, economic, academic and other leaders from around the world, including
heads of state and corporate executives, the WEF takes the lead in setting
important global, regional, and industrial
agendas.
Since 2015, we have actively participated in the annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland, held every January (commonly known as the Davos Forum) six times, and have demonstrated our global presence by participating in its activities.
The 2021 Davos Forum was held in January as a special online event called the Davos Agenda due to the spread of COVID-19. Leaders from various fields
engaged in lively discussions aimed at achieving The Great Reset to build a better world. As a speaker, Sompo Group CEO Sakurada presented Japanese values and spirituality that can contribute to building a post-COVID sustainable
society along with the Sompo Group’s initiatives in nursing care.
We have established a partnership with the English news magazine TIME, through which we communicate our activities at the WEF to world leaders participating in the WEF and to readers in 200 countries. In a WEF feature published in November 2020, our Group CEO Sakurada submitted an article titled "Redesign Capitalism to Incorporate Social Value” that presented a new capitalism needed after COVID-19 and the Sompo Group’s social value in the new era.
    66
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021
Sompo Holdings, Inc. Integrated Annual Report 2021 67