Practice a self-directed work style based on MY Mission
The Sompo Group has launched the online management training program "MY Mission Training Program” to pursue transformation that creates a mission-driven corporate culture. Through the MY Mission 1-on-1 meetings with supervisors, each employee discusses and focuses on their own mission and practices a self-directed work style.
MY Mission refers to a person’s own life mission. At the Sompo Group, we define “WANT” as the moment when one’s
8.2 4.4
heart is moved, “MUST” as social responsibility, and “CAN” as the ability given to us by fate, and the area where these three circles overlap is the MY Mission that drives us. Then, with the view of work being a part of life, rather than life being a part of work, we aim to further enhance job satisfaction and productivity by having each employee overlay their MY Mission with the Sompo Group’s Purpose as they go about their day-to-day work.

We will roll out the MY Mission training program, which was first introduced in Sompo Holdings last year, to all Sompo Group companies from fiscal 2021. Then, with MY Mission as the driving force, all employees of the Sompo Group will
take ownership of their work with a sense of mission and job satisfaction, thereby increasing engagement and providing new value to society and customers.

Use of job-based employment system
Promoting self-directed career development is essential in realizing The Ideal Group of Talents that share the Three Core Values. We will greatly expand opportunities for self-selection of careers and employee growth in order to fulfill each employee’s MY Mission, and boost employee satisfaction and productivity.
We are promoting the introduction of a job-based employment system within the Sompo Group to enable self-directed career development. At Sompo Holdings, we introduced the job-based employment system in April 2020. We believe this will help with self-directed career development, as the system clearly defines the required expertise and scope of responsibilities, and is designed to hire and assign talent with the necessary experience and skills based on the nature of the job. In April 2021, all general manager posts in the Company were switched to job-based employment, and section manager posts will also be gradually switched to job-based employment. Additionally, we will roll this system out to each of our businesses. Furthermore, we are actively appointing highly specialized talent from outside of the Company in
key positions such as directors, executive officers, general managers, and specialists, and are promoting the strategic allocation of talent.
Introduce consistent group training system and promote self-directed learning
To develop talent that can take the lead and manage the Sompo Group at a global level in the future, we have been carrying out training for selected employees of all levels since fiscal 2021. For higher-level employees, we offer a curriculum that incorporates our Succession Plan, and for younger employees, we offer the SOMPO Global University, an inhouse university in partnership with the National University
of Singapore Business School. From the perspective of diversity, we invite a wide variety of participants, including from Sompo Group companies in Japan and overseas, and have introduced a system to ensure that future Sompo Group management talent are familiar with the Group Management Philosophy.
In addition, Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. has established Sompo Japan University as a place for online learning amid the COVID-19 pandemic, and supports the efforts of each and every employee to take on challenges by providing a place for self-directed learning.