   SHIMIZU CORPORATE REPORT
2019
                 
  INDEX
      Today’s work, Tomorrow’s Heritage in 2030 and Beyond.
03
07 12  
ABOUT SHIMIZU
03 Shimizu’s Roots 04 Corporate Philosophy 05 Creating Value Over Time Top message
SHIMZ VISION 2030
12 SHIMZ VISION 2030
13 The Value Shimizu Group Provides
Creating safe, secure, and resilient communities
Realizing an inclusive society where all people can live together in comfort and health
Realizing a sustainable, earth-friendly society
SHIMIZU’S FUTURE
19 Business Field
20 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 23 Mid-Term Management Plan〈2019-2023〉
SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS
25 Building Construction in Japan
27 Civil Engineering Business in Japan
29 Overseas Construction Business
31 Investment Development Business (Real Estate Development Business)
33 Engineering
35 LCV
37 Emerging Frontier Business 41 Initiatives in Technology
43 Creating a High Satisfaction Workplace
49 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
49 Board of Directors
51 Governance
56 Compliance (Compliance with Corporate Ethics and Laws & Regulations)
57 Risk Management
58 Supply Chain & Group Management 59 Remarks by External Directors
61 DATA COLLECTION
61 Connecting the Past with Technology of the Future
62 List of External Awards Received 63 Contributing to Society 64 Independent Opinion 65 Global Network
66 Corporate Information / Investor Information
    The Shimizu Group is constantly changing. We will continue to take on every challenge to create new value in the world, extending beyond the boundaries of construction.
68 Financial Section Inclusion in ESG index
Awards
United Nations Global Compact
            19
     
25
*1
          Editorial Policy
Shimizu’s Corporate Report describes our 215 year history of since the company was founded in 1804 and values we have adhered to through- out our history, as well as our new management principles, management policy, business strategy, and initiatives in corporate governance. Our goal in issuing this report is to have all our stakeholders gain a better understanding of the Shimizu Group.
Reporting Organizations
• Head office, branches and group companies in Japan and overseas
• Numerical results reflect activities of the head office, domestic branch-
es and sales offices.
Reporting Timeframe
Mainly fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (April 2018 to March 2019), includes some activities from earlier and later time periods
Guidelines for Reference
• Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2012, Ministry of the Environment • Sustainability Reporting Standards, GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)
• International Integrated Reporting Framework, IIRC (International
Integrated Reporting Council)
Information Disclosure System
   Financial Information
Summary financial statements Annual securities reports
IR meeting presentations Reports (to shareholders)
Non-financial Information
Corporate Governance Report Company brochure stream DEW Civil Engineering Quarterly
   Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 (Japanese and English) Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 PDF (Japanese and English) All corporate activities reported on the corporate website https://www.shimz.co.jp/english/index.html
   01 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 02
IR website: Information for
shareholders and investors https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ir/
ESG Management website:
ESG activities https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/
Publications (representative publications)
Website
45 Contributing to the Global Environment *2
External Assessments
 *1 The S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index is an index that weights companies based on carbon efficiency and provision of sufficient disclosure of information on its carbon emissions. It overweights companies with high ratings. Shimizu has received a high rating in the second decile for carbon-to-revenue footprint with sufficient disclosure.
*2 Shimizu became a participant signatory in of the UN Global Compact in March 2013.

  Shimizu’s Roots
Shimizu’s origins are rooted in sincere monozukuri and The Analects and the Abacus
Shimizu has handed down the spirit of faithful craftsmanship of its founder, Kisuke Shimizu I, for more than 210 years.
Eiichi Shibusawa, called “the Father of Japanese Capitalism,” was invited to be an advisor to our company in 1887. We hold his work “The Analects and the Abacus,” to be our credo: our timeless and unchanging business compass.
Sincere Monozukuri and an Enterprising Spirit
  Kisuke Shimizu I
Kisuke Shimizu I, who was born in Toyama Prefecture, founded the company in 1804 in the Kanda Kajicho district of Edo (now Tokyo). From the moment he found- ed the company, he brought a strong resolve and a passion for monozukuri. He earned the trust of his customers by doing his work with integrity and devotion. He built a strong business base and attracted customers by using the company’s superior technology and manage- ment skills. This led to projects such as managing of the reconstruction of the West Wing of Edo-castle in 1838.
Kisuke Shimizu II
 Kisuke Shimizu II, who succeeded Kisuke Shimizu I, built the Tsukiji Hotel, Japan’s first western-style hotel in the Tsukiji district where foreigners lived, at his own expense. He managed the hotel after it was completed in 1868. He then went on to design and build the Daiichi National Bank (the former home of the Mitsui Group) and the Mitsui-gumi Exchange Bank, which were representative of early Meiji period architecture. Kisuke Shimizu II used his spirit of enterprise, advanced technical skills, and the trust he cultivated in these and other projects to further build the foundations of the company.
The Analects and the Abacus
Eiichi Shibusawa
(from the Shibusawa Memorial Museum collection)
Shimizu’s relationship with Eiichi Shibusawa began with the construction of Daiichi National Bank in 1872. Eiichi Shibu- sawa, who was the president of the bank, highly praised Kisuke Shimizu II for using innovative technology to build Japan’s first bank, a work regarded as a masterpiece of Western architecture by later generations. This deepened the relationship between Shimizu and Eiichi Shibusawa. After the sudden death of Mannosuke, the third generation of Shimizu management in 1887,Shimizu welcomed Eiichi Shibusawa as an advisor, based on the last wishes of Mannosuke that they obtain the advice of the esteemed Eiichi Shibusawa on all matters.
 03 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 The business principles introduced by Eiichi Shibusawa at that time are what is contained in The Analects and the Abacus.
 The Analects and the Abacus speaks about the `insepara- bility of business and morality`. It conveys the concept that a business can prosper by contributing to society through ethical corporate activities.
 These teachings are consistent with `Customer First`and Sincere Monozukuri, principles that we have focused on since our founding. We have now adopted The Analects and the Abacus as our company credo.
  Corporate Philosophy
We revised our corporate philosophy on May 10, 2019 to foster a stronger awareness of Shimizu’s origins.
  ■ Credo
The Analects and the Abacus
■ Management Principles
With devotion and a spirit of innovation, we work to create value that
exceeds expectations and contribute to a sustainable tomorrow
We believe that our credo and management principles are timeless sources of sustained growth and longevity for the company.
They define our corporate culture, we implement them in our day-to-day activities, and we will pass them on to the next generation.
■ Corporate Message
Today's Work, Tomorrow's Heritage
Our corporate message contains the following thoughts:
The word “heritage” suggests the link to the next generation, and the
generation after that. It also symbolizes the innocent eyes with which children view our company.
We perform our work with integrity and a strong sense of responsibility. We take pride in our work as contributing members of society, and as professionals, and we know that our work must now leave a tangible heritage for the next generation.
This message is our resolute pledge to reflect that attitude in all our activities and in the individual conduct and actions of every employee.
     Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 04
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Creating Value Over Time
1868
Tsukiji Hotel
1872
The Dai-Ichi National Bank
(the former Mitsui-Gumi House)
1910
Headquarter building for Nihonbashi Maruzen Head Office
1936
Yasuoka Power Station, now owned by the Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.
1964
Yoyogi National Stadium
1970
Negishi LNG Terminal, Tokyo Gas Co, Ltd.
1980
Showa-era repair of the Great Buddha Hall of Todaiji Temple
1946 ~ 2000
From post-war recovery to establishing a firm
Management reform and initial public offering-modernization of management
1948
Company name changed from Shimizu Gumi to Shimizu Corporation
1962
Listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Took on the challenge of a never attempted suspension roof construction
— Yoyogi National Stadium
1964
Built a sports arena for the Games of the XVIII Olympiad in Tokyoused a suspension roof structure unprecedented in the world at that time to create the complex curve of the roof exterior
Built Japan’s first in-ground LNG storage tank as a leader in the new era of energy
1970
Completed Japan’s first in-ground LNG storage tank (capacity of 10,000 kl) on the Negishi LNG Terminal, Tokyo Gas Co, Ltd.
1995
DN Tower 21(Dai-Ichi • Nochu Building)
1995
Tokyo Wan Aqua-Line Expressway (Umihotaru)
1998
Renovation of the National Museum of Western Art
2007 2013
Changi Airport Terminal 3 Izumo-Oyashiro
(preservation & restoration work)
      2008
Mode Gakuen Cocoon Tower
2012 2018
Rikuzentakata earthquake restoration project
2001 Onward
Toward the future of the construction industry
2013
GINZA KABUKIZA
      Forging a Path to
a New Era through
a Spirit of Innovation
Headquarter building
    1804 ~ 1945
Founding to the end of World War II
Kisuke Shimizu I and Kisuke Shimizu II built the foundation of Shimizu
1804
Kisuke Shimizu I founded the company in Kanda Kajicho, Edo (present day Tokyo)
1838
Kisuke Shimizu I helped to build the west wing of Edo Castle
1868
Kisuke Shimizu II completed the Tsukiji Hotel, Japan’s first fully Western-style hotel
Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts & Crafts Furnishings established to pass on woodworking techniques handed down from the craftsmen of old
1884
Shimizu opened its own woodworking factory (present day Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts & Crafts Furnishings)
in Kiba, Kotoku, Tokyo, the only such factory owned by a major construction company
Construction industry’s first design department opened
1886
The drafting department, which was the predecessor of the Design Division, was established to develop designers skilled in Western architecture
Shimizu hired Eiichi Shibusawa as an advisor and put The Analects and the Abacus into practice as the basis of management
1887
The teachings of the entrepreneur Eiichi Shibusawa in the Analects and the Abacus is designated as the basis for management policy and the business is managed in accordance with its tenet
that ethics and economics are compatible
Built Japan’s first full steel frame building 1910
Completed the headquarter building for Nihonbashi Maruzen Head Office, Japan's first full steel frame building, in Nihonbashi
Began full-scale entrance into civil engineering
1936
Shimizu built its first full dam, and completed
the Yasuoka power plant for Yahagi Hydroelectric
Established the construction industry's first R&D organization
1944
Established the research department in the design division, which was the predecessor to the Institute of Technology, as the first in the industry
position in the general construction industry
Established a new real estate headquarters and entered the developer business
1971
Established a new real estate headquarters and entered the developer business with the Shinmatsudo New Town Project
Pursuing full-scale globalization 1974
Opened a sales office in Singapore
Supported traditional Japanese architecture with the latest technology at the time
— Major Showa-era renovation of
the Daibutsuden (Great Buddha Hall) at Todaiji Temple
1980
Replaced the approximately 130,000 tiles on the massive roof, which covers an area of 7,900 m2, over the course of six years, beginning in 1974
Renovated the National Museum of Western Art with Japan’s first seismic retrofitting
1998
The main building of the museum, which was designed by Le Corbusier and built by Shimizu in 1959, was renovated with seismic retrofitting
Using shimizu’s technological strengths in initiatives targeting environmental problems
2002
Developed the world’s first concrete materials recycling system, built a soil washing plant for practical use at a Kawasaki site, and began operations
Efforts to strengthen monozukuri aimed at the 200th anniversary of the company’s founding
2003
200th anniversary of the company’s founding Completed the new main building of the Institute of Technology
2008
Announced the corporate slogan of “Today's Work, Tomorrow's Heritage”
First lecture presented in the Shimizu Open Academy public lecture course
Aiming for a society in which people can live comfortably and securely
2011
Performed damage survey and mounted recovery activities for the Great East Japan Earthquake
2012
The headquarter building in Kyobashi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo was completed. Shimizu presented proposals for facilities that could save energy (eco) during routine operation and respond flexibly to BCP during an emergency
Communicating the spirit and techniques of craftsmanship to the next generation
2017
Monozukuri Training Center opened as a venue for systematically learning the basics of monozukuri (craftsmanship)
Changing the way work is done at construction sites in the future
2017
Developed Shimz Smart Site, an AI-based next-generation production system
Aiming for business opportunities that create new value; strengthening new businesses
2017
LCV* Headquarters established with the goal of creating new value in facilities and infrastructure
2018
New Emerging Frontiers Division established to pursue market research and technological development in the ocean, space, and other frontiers with the aim of early commercialization
2019
SHIMZ VISION 2030, our new long-term vision
* Life Cycle Valuation
See page 35 for further details.
                       05 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 06

  Top message
With devotion and a spirit of innovation, we work to create value
that exceeds expectations and contribute to a sustainable tomorrow
Reflecting on Fiscal 2018 and Issues Facing Management
We will respond quickly to changes in the business environment and work to improve the earning power of the Shimizu Group through co-creation with diverse partners.
 President and Director
As the environment for the construction industry substantially improved over the past several years, Shimizu also worked to strengthen its operations following our Mid-Term Management Plan 2014. These efforts enabled the company to achieve its performance goals for fiscal 2018, the final year of Mid-Term Management Plan 2014, with consolidated ordinary income of ¥133.9 billion (compared to the goal of ¥102 billion). Consol- idated net income also reached a record high of ¥99.6 billion. However, we recognize that we must not be satisfied with cur- rent results and we will work to further improve group earning capabilities.
The recent frequency of severe natural disasters has high- lighted the importance of the construction industry for both building resilient infrastructure and disaster recovery. How- ever, hiring and developing the human capital required to do that work has become a critical challenge for the entire industry.
To attract new participants to the industry, a five-day work week and compensation in line with other types of work is urgently required. Since 2017, I have served as the head of the unit in charge of promoting a five-day work week in the Japan Federation of Construction Contractors, and have worked with
the belief that without these changes, the construction indus- try will not have a future.
We will continue to promote workstyle reform and produc- tivity improvements, and by communicating with our clients and the community, ask their understanding for the changes in cost and scheduling that these reforms necessitate.
We will continue to pay close attention to international po- litical and economic conditions in order to respond flexibly to changes in the environment. As a result of the rapid progress of AI, robots and other advanced technologies, global compe- tition extending beyond industry boundaries is accelerating. Shimizu must respond to globalization and digitalization with a sense of urgency.
To respond flexibly to such environmental changes and capture new business opportunities quickly, we will pursue greater collaboration with different industries, venture firms, and public-private-academic partnerships in addition to our own collaboration within the Shimizu Group. In April 2019, we opened an office in Silicon Valley, California to facilitate col- laboration with venture capital firms and start-ups. We expect this to be a driving force for innovation, including innovation in talent development.
 07 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 08
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Top message
Overview of Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023)
Shimizu will maintain stable dividends and expand shareholder return through the acquisition of treasury shares while making upfront investments to establish new reve- nue bases.
  SHIMZ VISION 2030, Long-term Vision
With a spirit of transformation and challenge, we will create value that anticipates the future (smart innovation) and contribute to the realization of a sustainable future in which people can enjoy a sense of abundance and joy.
We formulated the Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023) by backcasting from fiscal 2030. The mid-term plan aims to achieve the financial and non-financial goals for fiscal 2030 and become the Smart Innovation Company targeted in SHIMZ VISION 2030.
This five-year plan, which starts in fiscal 2019, targets sus- tained growth in corporate value and maintenance of the profit level (consolidated ordinary income of ¥140 billion in fiscal 2023). It is positioned as a period of upfront investment to establish new revenue bases. We also intend to maintain stable dividends and increase shareholder returns through the acquisition of treasury shares.
Our basic policy is to transform the construction business, establish new revenue bases in real estate development & oth- er businesses, work to strengthen the foundations of manage- ment, accelerate global expansion, and promote ESG manage- ment to enhance the corporate value of the Shimizu Group and contribute to the achievement of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
While some have voiced concern over a possible decline in
Credo and Management Principles
construction investment after the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics, we anticipate continued demand for large redevel- opment projects in the Greater Tokyo Area and new demand for the renovation of aging infrastructure. During the current peri- od of strong construction demand, Shimizu will focus on invest- ment in research and development and improving productivity in the construction business. We also intend to develop the real estate development business, the renewable energy business, and other non-construction businesses into growth drivers.
We have changed the Japanese name from the Mid-Term Management Policy to the Mid-Term Management Plan and provided a breakdown of total planned investment over the next five years (totaling ¥750 billion). We also established both financial and non-financial KPIs (Key Performance Indica- tors) to measure the progress towards the goals stated above. Going forward, we will manage both risks and progress appro- priately to achieve the goals of Mid-Term Management Plan (2019–2023).
See the Mid-Term Management Plan (pages 23–24) for further details.
  Shimizu has historically formulated 10 year long-term visions. We think that creating a vision of what we want the company to become and presenting it inside and outside of the com- pany is an effective way to achieve sustained growth amid an increasingly uncertain global business environment. We also feel that it is highly useful for hiring outstanding future-oriented talent.
In the previous long-term vision (Smart Vision 2010), we set the goal of becoming a Smart Solutions Company. Although still rooted in the construction business, we pursued the deliv- ery of sustainable communities and structures while continu- ing to provide value that exceeds the expectations of custom- ers. We believe we have made considerable progress instilling this mindset in every employee.
In SHIMZ VISION 2030, the new long-term vision, we are taking on the challenge of venturing beyond solutions rooted in the construction business to the creation of new value and innovation in non-construction businesses. We expressed this new challenge as, becoming a Smart Innovation Company.
We will take on the challenge of ongoing transformation that extends beyond the boundaries of the construction busi- ness and will engage in co-creation with a diverse range of
partners with the aim of creating value that anticipates the times (Smart Innovation) and becoming a group that contrib- utes to sustainable future communities that enable people to experience a sense of abundance and joy.
2030 is also the target date for achieving the U.N.’s Sustain- able Development Goals (SDGs). SHIMZ VISION 2030 clearly states our corporate stance on realizing “a resilient society where everyone can feel safe and secure,” “an inclusive soci- ety where all people can live together in comfort and health,” and “a sustainable society where all generations can inherit a well-cared for environment,” as well as contributing to achiev- ing the SDGs and solving other challenges faced by the global community through our businesses.
The financial targets for fiscal 2030 have also been made public. The revenue base which generated record profits in fiscal 2018 is highly dependent on the domestic construction business.
Going forward, Shimizu and all of its group companies will unite their efforts to adopt a spirit of innovation and challenge to transforming the revenue structure and increase profits.
See SHIMZ VISION 2030 (page 12) for further details.
We will work to instill our corporate credo and management principles throughout the company and pass them on to the next generation as the DNA of our employees and the foundations for enhancing corporate value.
09 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 10
Shimizu has positioned The Analects and the Abacus, which contains the teachings of Eiichi Shibusawa who was hired as an advisor by the company in 1887, as our basic management principles. These timeless teachings embody the sense of val- ues of our officers and employees and represent the manage- ment philosophy of Shimizu. In May 2019, we established The Analects and the Abacus as our corporate credo.
This came from a strong desire to return to its original teach- ings after reflecting on the judgment handed down in October 2018 finding that Shimizu had violated the Antimonopoly Act.
In response to this incident, which was publicly disclosed in March 2018, we have enlisted the entire company in implement- ing measures to prevent a recurrence. We are conducting on- going ethics training sessions based on the themes of The Ana- lects and the Abacus, and top management is taking the lead on fostering ethical awareness and ensuring strict compliance.
We also revised our management principles when we estab- lished the corporate credo. The new management principles
are based on the spirit and philosophy Shimizu has followed since its founding.The principles were updated to make them easily understandable by everyone in and outside the compa- ny, now and in the future. It is restated as “With devotion and a spirit of innovation, we work to create value that exceeds expectations and contribute to a sustainable tomorrow.”
I am personally visiting all divisions to explain the corporate credo and management principles directly to employees. We have also inscribed them in the employee handbook, posted them in offices, and are taking other steps to instill them in everyone in the company. In the future I intend to foster a cor- porate culture in which each and every officer and employee always keeps the corporate credo and management principles close at hand and acts accordingly. I want to pass them on to the next generation as the DNA of Shimizu employees and the foundations for enhancing corporate value.
See Structure of Principles (page 4) for further details.
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

   Top message
Pursuit of ESG Management
We will enhance corporate value over the medium and long term and achieve sus- tained growth by working towards a sustainable global environment, co-existing with communities, and improving governance.
The Shimizu Group will create new value and contribute to a safe, healthy and sustainable future for everyone by transforming and challenging ourselves beyond construction
and co-creating with diverse partners.
   Interest in and public demands for management focused on the Environment (E), Social (S), and Governance (G) have in- creased in recent years. The amount of global ESG investment is also increasing. We believe that managing the company to achieve a sustainable global environment, co-existence in communities, and improved governance is a major require- ment for achieving sustainable corporate growth.
We have therefore identified ESG-based management as a major element in the basic policy of our Mid-Term Manage- ment Plan(2019-2023).
With regards to the environment (E), the construction in- dustry is known as an industry that has a large impact on the environment. We will contribute to sustainable global com- munities by working steadily to implement the medium and long-term goals in Shimizu’s Ecological Mission 2030–2050, aimed at reducing CO2 emissions. We also regard responding to climate change as an important management task and will analyze and disclose information on the risks and opportuni- ties it presents for our businesses.
With regards to Social (S), we will provide safe, secure structures and services to communities and strive to improve customer satisfaction by providing value that exceeds their
expectations. We will also dedicate ourselves to achieving harmony with all our stakeholders: respecting human rights, creating productive work environments, promoting diversity and inclusion, and co-existing with local communities.
With regards to Governance (G), we are steadily strengthen- ing our governance through such means as establishing a new Executive Nominating Committee in fiscal 2018. At the 117th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in June 2019, we also increased the number of external directors by one director and created a Board of Directors structure in which four out of 12 directors are non-executive directors, three of whom are external directors. In addition to these changes, we are also working to instill and ensure compliance to corporate ethics based on The Analects and the Abacus as our corporate cre- do,ensure strict compliance, and to comprehensively manage risks as we expand our business portfolio to non-construction businesses.
We are working to earn strong trust in Shimizu from all of our stakeholders by fulfilling our social responsibilities through our business activities, and to enhance corporate value over the medium and long term to achieve sustained growth.
Shimizu Group’s Strategy Towards 2030
a Resilient
society
Where everyone can feel safe and secure
a Sustainable
society
Where future generations can inherit a well-cared for environment
    an Inclusive
society
Where all people can live together in comfort and health
The Value Shimizu Provides
     Pursuit of ESG in the Mid-Term Management Plan
E (Environment) : Contribute to a sustainable global environment
S (Social) : Co-exist with all stakeholders
G (Governance) : Ensure strict compliance and strengthen risk management
    To our Stakeholders
This fiscal year, Shimizu formulated SHIMZ VISION 2030, our new long-term vision, and Mid-Term Management Plan (2019- 2023) as Phase 1 of the long-term vision. We have begun ini- tiatives aimed at greater leaps forward.
I will take the lead and work together with all officers and employees of Shimizu to breathe life into our management policy, enhance the value of the Shimizu Group over the medi-
um and long term, achieve the SDGs, and take other steps to achieve sustainable communities.
We will continue to disclose appropriate information to all stakeholders, continue our dialogs, and work to meet the ex- pectations of all of our stakeholders. I ask for your continued support.
Target Revenue Structure
FY2018
Overseas Domestic
Non-construction businesses
Construction businesses
2030 Goals
Consolidated gross profit
Consolidated ordinary income
FY2030
Overseas
Domestic
Non-construction businesses
Construction businesses
SHIMZ VISION 2030
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ about/strategy/index.html#sec3
      11 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 12
FY2018
¥133.9 billion
FY2030
¥200.0 billion or higher
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Global Challenges
1.Japan, the Land of Large Earthquakes
The Great East Japan Earthquake, which caused unprec- edented damage in 2011, negatively impacted the Japa- nese economy and also changed the lives of the people living in the region.
The subsequent large earthquakes in Kumamoto in 2016, and Hokkaido and Osaka in 2018 are still fresh in our memories. The future occurrence of a large earthquake directly
beneath Tokyo, in the Nankai Trough, or elsewhere is concern- ing, and we live with the ever-present risk of seismic calamity.
2.Climate Change
Climate change and global warming are among the most important environmental issues. Recently we have expe- rienced abnormal meteorological events including record heat waves and torrential rains in the summer and heavy blizzards and warm winters during the winter. This is hav- ing a major impact on society. The 2015 Paris Agreement set the long-term goal
of working to keep the rise in average global temperature to 1.50C, well beneath a 20C increase compared to the pre-industrial era.
3.Aging Infrastructure
Much of the infrastructure we use daily, such as roads, bridges, other transportation networks, and lifelines such as water and sewer systems, were built during the long period of high economic growth in Japan. The deteriora- tion of these systems has become a serious problem and the cost of infrastruc-
ture maintenance and renovation is expected to continue to rise.
The risk of infra- structure collapse and decay in the future is also a concern.
   13 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 The Value Shimizu Group Provides
Creating safe, secure,
and resilient communities
With the heightened risk of natural disasters such as earthquakes, super-typhoons and torrential rain, there is an ever-increasing need to protect lives and businesses.
   Kamisu Bousai Arena Completed in June 2019. This arena was built as a multipurpose facility. During normal operation, it hosts sports and cultural events, and creates opportunities for the public to interact. In the event of a disaster, the arena serves as a local emergency base that functions as an evacuation shelter and is equipped for rescue
and relief activities.
Shimizu was involved in the design and
construction of this facility and will also be deeply involved in its operation and management as a leading company in its PFI consortium.
   New town completed in the Rikuzentakata area of Minami Sanriku
   Construction of the No. 2 main rainwater drainage pipe in Tachiaigawa
   Safe, Secure Community Development
Building facilities and social infrastructure that are safe during in disasters and performing maintenance, management, and renovation to keep them that way, is part of Shimizu’s mission as member of the construction industry.
We are working to develop the latest in disaster prevention and mitigation technology, ensure its widespread use, and extend the lifespans of buildings and infrastructure. We have also been involved in the recovery business and new town development in areas affected by the Great East Japan Earth- quake to enable impacted residents begin new lives.
We will continue to engage in business activities that create communities where people can live safely and securely in the future.
Contributing to the Creation of Resilient Communities
Natural disasters are expected to become increasingly severe in the future as global warming progresses. Shimizu is contrib- uting to the creation of sustainable cities by building dams, tide gates, and structures to handle torrential rainfall.
We also work actively on preserving and passing on histori- cal structures as a tangible heritage for children in the future.
In the future, we will also use the advanced technical capa- bilities Shimizu has developed to create resilient communities in many emerging countries.
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 14
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Global Challenges
1.A Shrinking Population
Japan’s population is aging and fewer children are being born due to many factors, including people remaining sin- gle or marrying late. Advances in healthcare and a longer average lifespan, coupled with fewer children, have put Japan among the countries with the highest percentage of people aged 65 and older, and Japan’s population contin- ues to decline.
Population decline is a major issue that could lead to the economy shrinking and the collapse of the social security sys- tems.
2.Increasing Inequality and Income Gaps
Inequality in age, gender, disabilities, race, ethnicity, reli- gion, economic status, and other factors exist throughout the world. The gap in income is increasing in Japan and imbalances in opportunities are growing larger. There are many ways to contribute to resolving these imbal- ances beyond formulating and implementing national government policies. Companies can also contribute by fully utilizing the diversity and unique characteristics of each individual, pro-
viding opportunities for everyone to fully demonstrate their ca- pabilities, and pursu- ing diversity initiatives that lead to value creation.
3.Increasing Awareness of Health
Strategic methods of health management are drawing attention from company management, based on the view that initiatives that maintain and increase em- ployee health are an investment in increasing future corporate profitability. Such initiatives are expected to increase employee vitality, improve productivity, and invigorate orga-
nizations. They will ultimately improve performance and lead to a better cor- porate image and higher value.
   15 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Value the Shimizu Group Provides Realizing an inclusive
society where all people can live together in comfort and health
With rapid changes such as aging, population decline and urbanization, the future requires a society where everyone can live safely and comfortably.
      Well certification*1, which rates buildings with an emphasis on user health (well- being and comfort, is drawing interest. The Shanghai Office of Shimizu Corporation (China) Limited acquired the WELL Building Standard v1 Interiors Silver certification, in September 2018. Creating a building and interior environment that meets the WELL Building Standard is expected to improve employee well-being, increase mental productivity, and also lead to the recruitment of high caliber talent and improvement in employee retention.
*1 WELL (Well Building Standard) certification: Evaluation of buildings, etc. from the perspective of improving human well-being, comfort, and productivity
   Kanagawa Prefectural Sports Center, designed as an example of universal design
    The WELL-certified Shanghai office building of Shimizu Corporation (China) Limited,
   Creating People-Friendly, and Comfortable Communities
The construction industry builds the places for many different people to live, work, and relax.
Shimizu is actively engaged in designing spaces that accom- modate universal design*1. We are also developing a voice navigation system*2 aimed at enabling people to go where they want, when they want. We will continue to contribute to by building facilities, providing built environments and develop- ing communities that are easy for anyone to live in and use.
*1 Universal design : Designing buildings and spaces to enable use by as many people as possible, regardless of the presence or absence of a disability or differences in capabilities.
*2 Voice navigation system : A system that uses smartphones to guide people to their target destinations via detailed routes, both indoors and outdoors. It supports foreign language speakers in addition to vis- ually impaired people and wheelchair users.
People-friendly Design
People spend up to 90% of their lives in buildings and building spaces consequently have a large impact on well-being. Shi- mizu takes a long-term perspective and focuses on construct- ing buildings and spaces and developing communities with user-friendliness and the well-being of people in mind. We also propose a wide range of wellness and work options to add value to our customers’ facilities.
We provide our customers and society with smart inclusive communities that enable everyone to live comfortably with well-being.
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 16
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 
   A computer image of a small hydroelectric power plant under construction in Toyama Prefecture
Creating Sustainable Communities with Renewable Energy
Shimizu has been actively working on initiatives aimed at the use of solar power, wind power, biomass, medium and small- sized hydroelectric power plants, and other forms of renew- able energy.
We will continue to develop alternative energy sources, ac- cumulate expertise through proof of concept testing, and build many facilities in the future.
We will work to expand our renewable energy power gen- eration business and encourage widespread use. We will also pursue energy conservation, energy generation, and creation of ZEB (zero energy building) buildings that will contribute to the realization of zero carbon status for clients and Japan.
Protecting biodiversity
At Shimizu, we actively work to achieve greening of urban ar- eas and to preserve the environment and ecosystems at job sites.
For more than 10 years, at a large biotope within our Insti- tute of Technology, we have continued to monitor plants, in- sects, birds, fish, and other wildlife. We are using the resulting technologies for construction and management of biotopes to plan construction that encourages biodiversity. We have adopted ecological landscaping techniques that make max- imal use of land contours and provide ways to maintain the natural environment when performing construction work, and preserve the biodiversity present in that natural environment.
We will continue to use biodiversity-friendly technology to contribute to the realization of sustainable communities.
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 18
 Global Challenges
1.Increasing Energy Usage
Global energy usage continues to increase as the global population grows and the economies of emerging coun- tries develop. The present state of reliance on fossil fuels for energy generation causes an increase in greenhouse gases, which result in abnormal meteorological events and natural disasters. The
conversion from fossil fuels to renewable en- ergy is a pressing issue for governments and companies around the world.
2.Waste and Pollution
Our current convenient lifestyle generates massive amounts of waste. This affects soil and water quality and is also a factor in ocean pollution spoiling its beauty and endangering marine life.
The governments of many countries are pursuing pol- icies aimed at reducing waste, and companies are also establishing systems
to promote the col-
lection and reuse of waste.
Ultimately we need to shift away from producing waste.
3.Loss of Biodiversity
All types of life on earth mutually affect and complement one another in many ways.
Biodiversity provides immeasurable benefits to human beings, including a stable climate, our food supply, and the prevention of ill-
ness. It is possible that
the loss of biodiversity could endanger hu- man life. Preserving biodiversity for the future is an important mission for all people.
   17 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
The Value Shimizu Group Provides Realizing
a sustainable, earth-friendly society
As global warming, deforestration, and ocean pollution grow worse, we are called upon to pass on an abundant earth to the next generation. Shimizu will contribute to the realization of an environmentally friendly, sustainable society through corporate activities aimed at reducing the burden on the environment.
        Ako Solar Power Plant is located in the Nishihama industrial park in the city of Ako in Hyogo Prefecture. Approximately 48,000 solar panels have been installed on a large parcel of land that is around 165,000 m2 in size. It is capable of providing power to 3,800 typical households.
      A Urban Biotope, Saisei-no-Mori, in the Institute of Technology
 ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Business Field
Shimizu's business fields: Evolution and growth
The Shimizu Group consists of the Company, 66 subsidiaries, and 15 affiliates. We have a variety of businesses, including construction, investment development, engineering and LCV Business, both in Japan and overseas.
Shimizu Group
Construction Business
Non-Construction Businesses
Construction Business
Main Subsidiaries
● FaB-Tec Japan Corporation
● Daiichi Setsubi Engineering Corporation ● SHIMIZU BLC Co., Ltd.
● Shimizu Corporation (China) Ltd.
● Shimizu North America LLC
Main Affiliates
● The Nippon Road Co., Ltd. Development Business
Main Subsidiaries
● Shimizu Comprehensive Development Corporation
● Shimizu Investment (Asia) Pte. Ltd. Main Affiliates
● Makuhari Techno-Garden Co., Ltd.
Other Companies
(Sales of construction equipment, leasing, PFI business, and others)
Main Subsidiaries
● MILX Corporation
● SC Machinery Corp.
● Tama Medical PFI Corporation ● Shimizu Finance Co., Ltd.  
● Shimizu International Capital (Singapore Pte.) Ltd.
    SHIMIZU CORPORATION
     Building Construction in Japan
P25
Civil Engineering Business in Japan
P27
Overseas Construction Business
P29
    Investment Development Business (Real Estate Development Business)
P31
Group Companies
  Engineering
P33
     LCV
 P35
Emerging Frontier Business
 P37
 19 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
  Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
The Shimizu Group in FY2018
Financial Highlight
Construction orders awarded
Net sales
(Billions of yen) 2,000
1,500
1,000
500
billion ¥1,664.9
1,664.9
  (Billions of yen) 2,000
1,500 1,000 500
billion ¥1,816.0
1,816.0
          00
  (FY)
2017 2018 (FY) Net income attributable toshareholders of
the Corporation/ ROE
(Billions of yen) 100
75
2014
Operating income
(Billions of yen) 200
150 100
000
2015 2016 2017 2018
2014 2015 2016
          2014
Net assets
(Billions of yen) 800
600 400 200
2015 2016 2017
2018
(FY)
billion
2014 2015 2016
Total assets / Equity ratio
Total assets
billion ¥1,860.7
(Billions of yen) 2,000
1,500 1,000 500
2017 2018 (FY)
billion ¥133.9
133.9
Net income
14.4
billion ¥99.6
ROE
99.6
%
(%) 20
14.4% 15 10
 50
50 25 5
    ¥735.2
735.2
Equity ratio
39.2
(%) 39.2% 40
1,860.7
%
       30 20 10
    000 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 20
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Financial and Non-Financial Highlights Non-Financial
Employee(s consolidated)/ Female Managers 16,184 /105
Female engineers / technical staff
500 400 300 200 100
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) Percentage taking paid annual vacation
Renewable energy generation
R&D investments (consolidated)
    120 16,184 90
60 30
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) Percentage of employees with disabilities
2.37
% (FY2018)
Compliance training attendance
100%(FY2018)
CO2 reduction rates compared to 1990
(CO2 at construction)
% -50.7
(%) 60
55 50 45 40
476 476
(MWh) 30,000
22,500
15,000
20,692 MWh 20,692
(Billions of yen) 15
¥12.5 billion 12.5
2016 2017 2018 (FY)
0.64 0.64
2017 2018 (FY)
20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000
105
                    7,500 00000
12
9 6
3
    % 4 9.9
Number of
patents applied for
312
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
2014 2015
Accident frequency rate
1.0
0.8
0.6
0.4
0.2 0.0
    (%) 50
40 30 20 10
0
49.9
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
(FY)
500
400
300
200 100
0
312
2018
         Final disposal rate of construction byproducts / Base unit of total construction byproducts
Expenditures on social contribution activities as a percentage of ordinary income
2014
2015
2016
2017
(FY)
2014
2015 2016
   %
3.4 15.6
kg/m2
% 0.77
(%) 5.0
4.0
3.0
2.0
15.6 3.4
(kg/m2) 15
10
5
Global Environment
Educaton 21% Culture / Art 11% Social Inclusion 63% others 2%
Final disposal rate of construction byproducts
Base unit of total construction byproducts
  50.7
3%
     1.0 000
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) 21 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 22
        ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

   Mid-Term Management Plan〈2019-2023〉
Positioning of the Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023) Towards the Realization of SHIMZ VISION 2030
Our aim is sustainable growth of the company’s value. We are positioning
the next five years as an upfront investment period to establish new earnings platforms.
Basic Policy
Our company’s basic policy is to enhance the corporate value of Shimizu Group and contribute to the achievement of SDGs.
Management Financial Goals(consolidated base), Investment Plan, Non-financial KPI
■ Management Financial Goals (consolidated base)
▶In order to achieve sustained growth, we plan to maintain the construction business while
steadily investing in and improving profitability of non-construction businesses.
     FY2018 Results
 1,664.9
 1,504.6
 160.3
I. Construction Business
Transform our construction business
Respond to the business environment & maximize company capabilities
Strengthen profitability of overseas construction business
Building
Construction Civil Engineering
II. Non-construction Businesses
Create value beyond our core businesses Focus investment in growth areas Optimize business and regional portfolios
(Billions of Yen)
Mid-Term Management Plan 2014
FY2018 Target
Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023)
  FY2023 Target
Financial KPI
     Total net sales
1,630.0
1,880.0
  Construction business
 Non-construction
1,490.0
1,550.0
  businesses
  (Development & others)
140.0
330.0
■ ROE
10% or higher
■ Equity ratio 40% or higher
■ Debt to equity ratio 0.7 times or less
■ Dividend payout ratio Approx. 30%
     216.6
 196.8
 19.8
 Gross profit
175.0
235.0
   Construction business
 Non-construction
156.0
185.0
   businesses
 Collaboration & Synergy
Real Estate Development
LCV *1
Engineering
Frontier Business*2
133.9
(Development & others)
19.0
50.0
 Ordinary income
 102.0
      140.0
   Overseas Construction
Technology Development and Digital Strategy
*1 : LCV (Life Cycle Valuation)
Respond to customer needs, utilize renewable energy, IoT, etc. to provide comprehensive services and solutions including investment and partnerships
■ Investment Plan
■ Non-financial KPI
III. Management Foundations
In order to achieve the 10-year Plan and establish new revenue bases, we will invest ¥750 billion over the next five years.
Investment Amount (5 years)
Improve labor productivity in the construction business, work to enhance corporate value from an ESG perspective, and contribute to the achievement of SDGs.
  Main KPIs (Key Performance Indicators)
FY2023 Target
   Improve productivity
 Improve productivity in the construction business (vs. FY2016)
 20%or higher
 Environmental (E)
 Reduce CO2 emissions in the construction business
(vs. FY2017) *1
 10% or higher
Social (S)
 Improve employee satisfaction scores *2
  4.0%or higher
Governance (G)
 Number of legal violations
  0
  Talent Development and Strengthened Supply Chain and Working Style Reform Group Management
*2 : Emerging Frontier Business
Business development in promising future markets such as space, ocean and harmony with nature, and investment in next generation
technology
ESG-based Management
Real estate development business
¥100 billion
  ¥500 billion
  Infrastructure, renewable energy, new businesses
(frontier business, etc.)
¥130 billion
   Talent development
¥20 billion
  Total investment over 5 years
¥750 billion
  Global Expansion
*1 : Targets for Shimizu Ecology Mission 2030-2050 activities
*2 : Scores from the Shimizu Japan employee awareness survey (average of 5-level ratings)
 Corporate Value
Contribution to SDGs
    23 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 24
項 目
Productivity improvement & R&D
Mid-Term Management Plan of Shimizu Group <2019-2023>
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/strategy/index.html#sec4
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Building Construction
in Japan
We will create a reliable building operation based on strong organizational alliances that in- clude Shimizu group companies. We will work to transform the domestic building construction business, which is the core of our construction business, and improve competitiveness. Our goal is to anticipate changes in society and customer needs, expand business scale, and build a stable revenue base.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
  Policies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Strengthen the ability to win and complete large-scale projects ● Strengthen initiatives that diversify project types to respond to
changing customer needs
● Strengthen group management capabilities to maximize synergies
25 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
38 floors above ground, total floor space of around 200,000 m2 TOKYO WORLD GATE ultra high-rise complex in Minato-ku, Tokyo (scheduled for completion in March 2020)
 TOPICS
   Overview of Activities
In addition to responding the current backlog and to various issues such as the future short- age of skilled workers, we are making every effort to strengthen current operations and im- prove productivity for the sustained growth of the domestic building construction business.
We are pursuing initiatives based on stan- dardizing and digitizing processes. These in- clude improving operational efficiency through the use of ICT technical methods that stream- line construction processes, and the develop- ment of self-controlled robots equipped with the latest technology. We are also building an integrated production process based on BIM*.
As the needs of our customer and communi- ties change and technology advances, we are aligning our business strategy and structure and strengthening our proposal capabilities through use of computational design, and oth- er improvements.
* BIM (Building Information Modeling): 3D model based computer process to streamline activities from design through construction and maintenance by consolidating data on part shape, cost, properties, and other critical information.
Future Initiatives
Span length of the large wooden roof at the Ariake Gymnastics Center, the largest in the world
Taking on the Challenges of Increasingly Complex Large-scale Projects
The Ariake Gymnastics Center, a competition venue for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games, is nearing completion. This vast structure symbolizes the importance of trees in Japanese culture, and is covered by the largest wooden roof in the world (complex wooden arched beam construction).
Like this arena, future projects are expected to be increasingly massive and complex. Some planned projects, include train stations, redevelopment projects in the Greater Tokyo Area and regional urban centers, projects related to an integrated resort (IR), and facilities for the Expo 2025 Osaka, Kansai, Japan.
Shimizu is accelerating innovation toward obtaining and efficiently constructing such large-scale projects. These efforts include research and development in many areas such as ultra-high-rise buildings, large wooden structures, BIM-based computational design technology to strengthen proposal capabilities, and project front loading, and initiatives in linking design data back to the manufacture of construction materials such as steel frames. We have also developed Shimz Smart Site*, which uses construction robots operated through ICT. This system was used at a hotel job site in the city of Osa- ka, and we are using this as a launching point for rolling out the system out to other metropolitan jobs sites.
Net sales (Non-consolidated)
¥ 1,006.3
(FY2018)
We will strengthen cost competitiveness from the upstream stage to improve our ability to respond to increasingly complex large-scale projects.
In addition to developing and rolling out the latest technology in machinery and construc- tion, we will accelerate strategic initiatives for large scale renovations that incorporate new value such as BCP, ZEB, and WELLNESS. We will make active use of next-generation tech- nologies, such as AI, and use of our extensive record of completed projects to strengthen our position in the renovation market.
Moreover, we will strengthen our group man- agement capabilities to maximize synergistic benefits by further strengthening alliances with group companies in the construction segment and pursuing and entering new business areas.
Ariake Gymnastics Center (inside view of completed building; photo provided by The Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games, Koto-ku, Tokyo)
Iwate Medical University Hospital (Iwate Prefecture)
90
m
* See Initiatives in Technology (on page 42) for further details on Shimz Smart Site.
   billion
msb Tamachi Station Tower North
(Completed perspective (right), Minato-ku, Tokyo)
Initiatives in the Renovation Market as a Growth Area
We will continue to pursue the renovation market, which is projected to grow, by capitalizing on Shimizu’s extensive 215-year record of completed projects, and by using advanced environmental and BCP-related technologies.
In August 2018, we completed construction of new stands and renovation of ex- isting stands at the Kumagaya Rugby Stadium, one of the venues for Rugby World Cup 2019. In June 2019 we also successfully com- pleted seismic retrofitting work on the Bank of Japan
 Kumagaya Rugby Stadium in Saitama Prefecture
head office, which is an important cultural property. Shimizu will continue to provide the optimal solu- tions to customers’ needs based on each stage of a
building’s life cycle.
      Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 26
  ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Civil Engineering
Business in Japan
Shimizu is working to improve productivity and earning power by strengthening organizational skills and research and development. We are also expanding our business domains through external partnerships.
We will contribute to safe, secure and abundant living for everyone through high quality public infra- structure.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
   Policies of the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Build a stable revenue base by strengthening sales, engineer- ing, and construction.
● Conduct research and development to improve productivity and earning power.
● Enter new businesses by strengthening alliances with external companies.
27 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Construction of the Yanba Dam (Gunma Prefecture), where ICT is being actively used in construction
 TOPICS
   Overview of Activities
During this period of robust domestic demand, Shimizu successfully engaged in large, complex and profitable projects.
We are working to build a sustainable rev- enue base through systematic development of young engineers, and are also working to strengthen our customer support and com- munication by developing sales personnel. We are taking on the challenge of using our engineering capabilities to tackle renewable energy and other new growth markets.
We are leveraging technology such as CIM/ BIM and i-Construction to improve productivi- ty, prepare for future shortages of skilled work- ers and reform our workstyle. We are also developing technologies that will differentiate Shimizu in key areas such as infrastructure ren- ovation, disaster preparedness/mitigation, and energy.
Shimizu is also pursuing alliances with exter- nal companies to expand overseas business, to further strengthen the engineering and technology functions, and to build our main- tenance & management and consulting busi- nesses into stable sources of revenue.
¥ 286.2
(FY2018)
Future Initiatives
Going forward, we will invest in the develop- ment of revolutionary and differentiating tech- nology into our production and management systems, as well as implementing i-Construc- tion in all aspects of construction. Examples are the introduction of automated and robot- ic construction of shield tunnels, mountain tunnels, and dams. We are also working on practical implementation of a next-generation construction management system that inte- grates CIM/BIM and uses sensors, IoT, and AI technology to acquire data. We have begun development of the Shimizu Smart Tunnel and automated dam concrete pouring systems. We will focus new research and development mainly on dam restoration technology and large-scale road renovation technology.
News release
July 2018
Embarking on Development of a Next-generation Tunnel Building System that Utilizes IoT and AI Technologies
—Shimizu Smart Tunnel, Aimed at Achieving Productivity and Safety Simultaneously— https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/ news-release/2018/2018020.html
Next-generation Tunnel Construction System Pursuing Development of Shimizu Smart Tunnel
Shimizu Corporation is developing Shimizu Smart Tunnel, a next-generation tunnel building system. It uses the latest ICT, IoT, AI, and other technologies to improve productivity and ensure better safety to offset the projected retirement of a large number of skilled technicians in the coming years.
The system will be built in stages, beginning with development of the underlying technology, and is scheduled to be completed by 2020. For example, we have de- veloped a real-time remote observation system that uses a wireless communication system and tablet devices, and have begun trial operation in cooperation with West Nippon Expressway Co., Ltd. (NEXCO West), to inspect the quality and progress at a mountain tunnel in Wakayama Prefecture. We are also performing proof-of-con- cept testing on an AI operational support system at the construction site of a main rainwater canal in Fukuoka Prefecture. The system replicates operation of a shield machine by a skilled operator, and we are comparing its performance with existing methods. We will contribute to high-quality infrastructure that protects the lives res- idents by the introduction of advanced digital technology that improves site produc- tivity and safety.
  Net sales (Non-Consolidated)
billion
Diagram of the Shimizu Smart Tunnel concept
The largest AI-equipped shield machine in Japan (outer diameter of φ16.1 m)
Construction of the Oizumi Minami southbound main tunnel on the Tokyo Outer Ring Road in Nerima-ku, Tokyo
 Height of the Yanba Dam levee
levee involves the repetitive process of producing, transporting, and pouring con- crete, so automating this process dramat- ically improves productivity. We will roll out this system at concrete dam job sites in the future using rail cable cranes and will build a production system capable of covering the anticipated decrease in skilled construction workers.
116
m
Diagram of the dam concrete pouring system
Automated Dam Concrete Pouring System
Shimizu developed an automated dam concrete pouring system that automates all processes from producing the concrete to transporting and pouring it. The chief char- acteristic of this system is that it is capable of performing automated and continuous work and only requires the construction foreman to input the pouring plan created beforehand using a BIM/CIM model. The bulk of the construction work to build a dam
Cable crane
Batcher plant
Aggregate storage
Concrete bucket
      Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 28
  ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Overseas
Construction Business
Utilizing our global experience and technical ex- pertise, as well as Shimizu’s capability in real estate development, engineering, energy, the environment, and many other business areas, we provide opti- mal solutions related to cost, quality and delivery, answering customer needs and infrastructure de- mand, centered around emerging markets.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
  Policy under the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Boost earning power by improving project response capabili- ties
● Update business, management, and production structures
● Diversify revenue sources to utilize the integrated capabilities of the Shimizu Group.
Menara Astra, a landmark skyscraper in Jakarta, Indonesia
 TOPICS
   Overview of Activities
The Shimizu Group provides value that exceeds customer expectations through a dedication to craftsmanship and a spirit of innovation.
Shimizu implements this philosophy in con- struction projects throughout the world. For fiscal 2018 this has led to numerous orders for production facilities, office buildings, and complexes from Japanese customers, local com- panies, local governments and multinational corporations in Indonesia, China, Singapore, and other Asian countries as well as the U.S. We also received orders for a series of large civil en- gineering projects in Indonesia, the Philippines, and Uganda. We are also working with the Real Estate Investment unit to expand collaboration with our non-construction businesses.
Shimizu is developing and increasing our global talent by giving some newly-hired em- ployees immediate overseas assignments, personnel exchanges between Japan and over- seas, promoting staff members who were hired locally, and continuing study abroad programs.
¥115.0
(FY2018)
Future Initiatives
Working together with domestic divisions spe- cializing in technology, engineering, and other areas on providing advanced technology and expertise, we are able to use our strength as an integrated engineering contractor to propose solutions. We are strengthening initiatives aimed at a diverse range of customers, to expand op- portunities for project orders.
We are also strengthening risk management and governance, while systematically working to develop and promote the talent needed for complex project operations and management of business overseas.
Shimizu is collaborating with our non-con- struction businesses in areas such as real estate development, engineering, energy, and the envi- ronment. We are also increasing new business opportunities for overseas construction.
Trend Information
Shimizu received an award for construction of the Pahan-Selangor raw water transfer tunnel in Malaysia in the construction project division of the 1st Japan Construction International Awards presented by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT).
News Release
July 2018
Completion of the Shield Tunnel for Vietnam’s First Subway
— Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC) Metro Line 1 Project, Package CP-1B — https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ about/news-release/2018/2018016.html
Expanding Orders in Indonesia
High economic growth in Indonesia, remarkable even among Southeast Asian coun- tries, is projected to continue, and Shimizu is currently participating in many large proj- ects there. We completed two ultra-high-rise towers in the capital of Jakarta in 2017, and based on that track record, received orders for construction of two more ultra- high-rise office buildings of around 250 m in height. We have also received orders for a series of other projects, including a condominium and office building development project for high net worth individuals, and a project for a large multi-use complex that Japan Overseas Infrastructure Invest-
 Net sales (Consolidated)
ment Corporation for Transport & Urban Development (JOIN)* is partici- pating in.
Shimizu is also participating in ODA projects. We recently suc- cessfully completed construction of Indonesia’s first shield tunnel for the north-south MRT line in Jakarta. We are also making progress on construction of an access road to the new international port being developed about 70 km to the east of Jakarta, and have also received an order for construction of a hydro- electric power plant in Sumatra, in Western Indonesia.
* Japan Overseas Infrastructure Investment Corporation for Transport & Urban Development (JOIN): An organization established in 2014 to promote the entrance of Japanese companies into infrastructure markets overseas. The Japanese Government, incorporated associations, and others have invested in JOIN.
billion
 African countries Shimizu has worked in
Contributing to Development in Africa
Shimizu has participated in numerous ODA projects in many African countries. One of the projects completed in 2018 is the Advanced Research Center for Infectious Diseas- es at the Noguchi Memorial Institute for Medical Research in the Republic of Ghana, named in honor of Dr. Noguchi, known for his research on yellow fever in West Africa.
We are also making steady progress on constructing the Tema IC Underpass. This is an intersection where two international corridors cross: the Lagos-Abidjan Corri- dor, which transverses West Africa east and west, and the Eastern Corridor, which runs from Ghana’s southern
Tema Port to the country of
Burkina Faso in the north.
This improvement work will
strengthen Ghana`s role as a
transportation hub and is also
expected to facilitate distribu-
tion for Ghana and the entire
West African region.
Tema IC Underpass construction to improve the intersection in Ghana (completed perspective)
13
countries
(since the 1960s)
Jakarta Office Tower Project (tentative name) in Indonesia (completed perspective)
      Binh Khanh Bridge, which will facilitate distribution, ease traffic congestion, and meet the future growth in transportation demand in Vietnam (completed perspective)
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 30
   ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Investment Development
Business
(Real Estate Development Business)
While optimizing the business portfolio for further growth Shimizu will expand businesses and regions in the real estate development business, the core of our non-construction businesses. We will utilize the technologies of the Shimizu Group to develop com- fortable, efficient communities. We will also target expansion of our asset management business for the entire Shimizu group.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
  Policy based on the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Domestic strategy
Enter new businesses that utilize the steady growth and strengths of our core businesse
● Overseas strategy
Optimize the overseas business portfolio
 31 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
  TOPICS
   Overview of Activities
The Shimizu Group has used its integrated strengths and advanced technical capabilities to handle everything from development to the operation of office buildings, logistics facilities, residential housing, hotels, and other facilities across Japan. We are steadily expanding the scale of our investments, the core of which are represented by large projects such as YOKO- HAMA GRANGATE, S.LOGI Niiza, and Toyosu 6-chome, Blocks 4-2 and 4-3.
We have also worked on the development of offices, data centers, housing, and other projects in Singapore, Indonesia, and other lo- cations overseas. We are currently working on a high-quality serviced apartment project in Indo- nesia. It is designed to cater for expatriates and is the first development project that Shimizu is pursuing on its own overseas. We have also em- barked on business in North America in recent years and will steadily expand the development business overseas.
¥389.0
* Total business investment cost for development in prog- ress and owned properties (Shimizu’s equity interest)
Future Initiatives
In Japan, we are searching for business oppor- tunities in the development of office buildings and logistics facilities in key urban areas such as Toyosu and Yokohama Minato Mirai 21, but also for community and large-scale development in areas where further growth is anticipated.
Overseas, we have designated North America as a key target, in addition to existing businesses we are pursuing in ASEAN countries, mainly in Singapore and Indonesia. We will also search for business investment opportunities in other coun- tries where high growth is projected. We plan to strengthen alliances with local companies even more and will pursue business development with a sense of urgency.
Business Topics
June 2018
Giving Tokyo a New Face Commencement of Construction on Blocks 4-2 and 4-3
in Toyosu 6-chome https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/ stock/item06/
New Release
March 2018
Development of a Large-scale Logistics in Niiza City with Three Buildings Totaling Around 190,000 m2 — Plans for a High Value-added Logistics Center in a High-potential Location — https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/news-release/ 2018/2017040.html
Toyosu 6-chome, Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 Project
Shimizu began a large project in the Toyosu area, where we have been engaged in community development for more than 30 years.
The project includes an 11-story next-generation office building with a total floor space of 87,000 m2, and 14-story urban resort hotel with a total floor space of 32,000 m2, 500 guest rooms and a grand bath and pool. It is the largest develop- ment project that Shimizu has undertaken on its own.
Conveniently located within 4 km of Tokyo Station, it takes advantage of a loca- tion that is lush with greenery and sits at the water’s edge. A plaza that will serve as a new transportation hub will be built between the office building and the hotel, from where a planned bus service will connect it to the city center, as well as the Haneda and Narita airports.
The Shimizu Group is the leader for this project and will utilize its combined strengths in its development, including both the hard infrastructure and soft service aspects.
  Total cost of business investment thus far:
Toyosu 6-chome, Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 (office building)
Area per floor
billion
Approx.
2,000
2
m per floor
(office building)
Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 of Toyosu 6-chome, where the new plaza between the office building (at the front) and hotel (at the back) will serve as a transportation hub for Koto-ku, Tokyo (completed perspective)
Daswin Office Project
Design image of the atrium
 Approx.
100,000
Total floor space of Daswin Office Project
The office building will have 50 floors above ground and total floor space of 100,000 m2. The office building, which is currently under construction, is among the largest upscale of- fice buildings in Jakarta and is scheduled for completion in 2021.
Shimizu’s past track record in building multi- ple ultra high-rise office buildings in Jakarta is highly regarded, and we are participating in the project engineering and construction, in addi- tion to investment and development.
In the future, we will also provide upscale office buildings with the high quality Japan is known for, not only in high-growth ASEAN countries but in other areas where high growth is expected.
m2
(office building)
Daswin Office Project, an ultra high- rise office building in central Jakarta, Indonesia that utilizes Shimizu’s expertise in engineering and construction (Completed perspective)
This project involves the development of an ultra high-rise office building in the cen- ter of Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia. It is a joint development project by four Japa- nese and local companies. Shimizu is one of the joint developers.
     YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, under construction in Area 21 of Minato Mirai in Kanagawa Prefecture (completed perspective)
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 32
  ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Engineering
We are focusing on alternative energy, environ- mental cleanup, life sciences, and digital solu- tions to provide communities with safe, secure, and healthy living environments.
* EPC business: A business involving the integration of Engineering, Procurement, and Construction
33 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
   Policy based on the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Expand the EPC business* by further strengthening sales capa- bilities, competitiveness, and earning power in the four core areas of energy, environment, plant, and information
● Achieve sustained growth for the future by entering new busi- nesses
● Establish a global business and diversify revenue through an operating business that capitalizes on Shimizu’s track record, EPC expertise, technology, and strengths
Akita Katagami Windfarm in Akita Prefecture
 TOPICS
   Overview of Activities
We are working to expand the EPC business in the four core areas of alternative energy, envi- ronment, plant, and information, with the goal of achieving carbon-free communities with safe, secure, and healthy living environments.
In the area of alternative energy, we are cur- rently building the largest windfarm in Japan (with 22 3-MW wind turbines) on the coast between the cities of Akita and Katagami in Akita Prefecture.
Windfarm power generation business, annual genera- tion capacity
households
Future Initiatives
In the future, we will take on the challenge of entering new areas as we strengthen our sales capabilities, competitiveness, and earning power in the four core areas.
In the area of alternative energy, we are aiming to expand Shimizu’s share of large on- shore and offshore windfarm projects. In Au- gust 2019, we invested around ¥50 billion and began construction of an automated SEP ship (SEP: Self-elevating platform), equipped with the world’s largest carrying and crane capacity and capable of constructing ultra large-scale offshore wind turbines. We will contribute to the realization of carbon-free communities through our renewable energy business.
In the environment area, we are advancing remediation measures such as onsite remedia- tion and washing to reduce the amount of pol- lution in soil and groundwater, and are rolling out a broad range of environmental remedia- tion engineering technologies.
In the plant area, we will expand orders for turnkey projects by supporting higher efficiency and automation in advanced production facilities.
In the information area, we will expand or- ders for a broad range of ICT systems to meet the customer’s needs.
To break into new areas, we will develop next-generation energy, life sciences, advanced digital technology, and ocean resources. We will also utilize our track record and expertise in the domestic EPC business to grow our a global business base.
Building a Safe, Secure, and Labor-saving Food Plant
Consumer awareness of food security and safety is increasing and the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in Japan is also working to systematize HACCP*.
Shimizu is leveraging our track record and expertise to pursue highly efficient food plants by building production lines that are compliant with HACCP and other global standards by installing labor-saving technologies and automation to address the labor shortage in plants.
* HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point): This is a method of sanitation management that at- tempts to ensure product safety by determining the factors that result in toxic bacterial contamination and inclusion of foreign objects in food and control processes to eliminate or reduce such hazards.
 40,000
Electricity supply to
Business Topics
Restoring the Earth in Vietnam with Shimizu’s Technology https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/ sustainability/item03/content01/
News release
July 2019
Shimizu Begins Construction of the World’s Largest Self-Propelled SEP (Self-Elevating Platform) Vessel -Targeting Top Share of Orders for Offshore Windfarm Construction- https://www.shimz.co.jp/ en/company/about/news- release/2019/2019007.html
Okashino Kobai Corporation Nishihara plant in Aso, Kumamoto Prefecture, which was designed and built with the latest food production equipment immediately after the Kumamoto earthquakes.
Shimizu Begins Construction of the World’s Largest Self-Pro- pelled SEP (Self-Elevating Platform) Vessel
Japan’s new “Act to Promote Offshore Use by Offshore Renewable Energy Facilities” was enacted in April of this year and the offshore wind power market is projected to rapidly expand. Shimizu Corporation has begun construction of a highly efficient self-propelled SEP vessel (SEP: Self-Elevating Platform) equipped with the world’s largest transporting and crane capacity and capable of installing ultra-large-scale offshore wind turbines. Completion is scheduled for October 2022. Shimizu will increase its competitiveness in the renewable energy sector and further expand its engineering business through this project.
 Weight of self-propelled SEP vessel:
28,000
t
Image of Self-Propelled SEP vessel to be constructed (attaching blades)
      Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 34
  ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

LCV
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 TOPICS
 Shimizu will create value across the spectrum of buildings and infrastructure, energy, and commu-
  Overview of Activities
Shimizu established the LCV* business in October 2017. We provide technologies and services to maximize the value of facilities and infrastructure over their entire life cycles, as well as pursuing partnerships and investments towards these goals.
* LCV (Life Cycle Valuation): Respond to customer needs, utilize renewable energy, IoT, etc. to provide compre- hensive services and solutions including investment and partnerships
LCV Business
● BSP Business ● Energy/
Infrastructure management Business ● ICT/Smart Business
Completion Life Cycle Dialog of LCV business
Future Initiatives
In the BSP management business, we provide one-stop services through our facility manage- ment business, based on equipment installation, maintenance, and energy-efficient management. We also improve the performance and comfort of these facilities through our WELL (well-being) services business, and increase the value of real estate through our sustainability and renovation business.
We will expand our business in renewable en- ergy power generation and supply, and strength- en our infrastructure concession businesses for airports, roads, and other infrastructure.
In our ICT and Smart business, we will offer services such as voice navigation utilizing infra- structure, and the creation of databases of facil- ity data, IoT, and AI to help create sustainable, inclusive communities and smart cities where everyone can live a full life.
News Release
January 2019
Shimizu entering the Small Hydro- electric Power Business
— Construction of a Small Hydro- electric Power Plant in Toyama Prefecture — https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/news-release/ 2019/2018045.html
First Power and Service Business for a Public Hospital
We acquired a power and service business contract with Ise Municipal General Hospital, a public hospital in the city of Ise, Mie Prefecture after Shimizu completed construction of in October 2018. We will operate, maintain, and manage the power equipment for 15 years under the contract. To secure both energy savings in normal operation and continuity of medical services in an emergency, we installed gas-fired co-generation equipment, solar power generation equipment, a storage battery sys- tem, equipment that uses geothermal energy, and Smart BEMS for integrated man- agement of these systems. Shimizu will optimize power management for this central regional hospital by providing one-stop services extending from equipment installation to maintenance and management. Japan`s Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) has selected this power and service business as a sustainable building pacesetter project (CO2 reduction pacesetter). It is drawing interest as a model business for sustainable urban hospitals.
Ise Municipal General Hospital in Mie Prefecture
Solar Power Plant in Tome, Miyagi Prefecture Begins Operation
A new solar power plant began operating in Tome City, Miyagi Prefecture from Jan- uary 2019. This is Shimizu’s fifth power plant after Ako Solar Power Plant, Kitakami Solar Power Plant, Nagano Shinkomachi Solar Power Plant, and Nagano Shinkomachi No. 2 Solar Power Plant. We are currently selling electricity to the electric power companies and plan to sell retail electricity in the future.
Generating renewable energy naturally contributes to local communities. Over the long term, we expect stable revenue generation contributing to corporate perfor- mance.
    Construction Business
 FY2018
Renewable power generation (Shimizu business)
20,692
MWh
Solar power plant in Tome, Miyagi Prefecture
nities, to improve user satisfaction, and build a sustainable future based on the business concept of LCV (Life Cycle Valuation).
    Policy under on the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Expand the Building Service Provider (BSP)* business by provid- ing one-stop service solutions
● Grow the power business and strengthen infrastructure opera- tions
● Leverage advanced technology to promote the services busi- ness and create smart cities
* BSP (Building Service Provider): Facility operation and management services after
a facility is built including Project Management (PM), Building Management (BM), energy savings, and Business Continuity Planning (BCP)
35 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
     Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 36
       ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
Valuation

Emerging Frontier Business
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 Shimizu will expand the sphere of human activities from “onshore” to “offshore,” and from “earth” to “space,” while contributing to environmental pro- tection and the revitalization of local communities. Shimizu will also contribute to measures to com- bat climate change and protect the global environ- ment through businesses that co-exist with nature, and will invest in start-up companies as a strategic move towards the future.
 Policy under the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Build a business model for ocean city development
● Lead the new era of space business as an integrated space
company
● Launch environmentally innovative agri-businesses
● Invest in next-generation construction technology and glob- al-scale solutions
37 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
OCEAN SPIRAL, Deep Sea Future City Concept
 TOPICS—Ocean City Development
   Overview of Activities
Shimizu has been exploring and researching the concept of developing untapped frontiers in space and the ocean since the 1980s. Due to advances in IT technology and the inflow of private capital in recent years, emerging fron- tiers are expected to move from the develop- ment and research stage to commercialization. They are promising markets where growth is projected. Shimizu established the Frontier Business in 2018 for commercialization of con- cepts in these areas.
Business Topics
Shimizu Dream https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/ dream/
Ocean City Development
Due to global warming, ocean levels continue to rise and frequent coastal flooding is occurring.
Meanwhile, the limits of expansion through land reclamation are being reached be- cause of the concentration of population in urban areas around the world. Such condi- tions are increasing interest around the world in floating structures and floating cities, and in power-storing floating plants.
Shimizu announced the GREEN FLOAT environmental island concept in 2008, and the OCEAN SPIRAL deep sea future city concept in 2010, and we have earned global recognition and acclaim for our ocean structures. In 2017, we obtained third-party cer- tification of floating structural safety for GREEN FLOAT II (a floating ultra high-rise model with a height of 120 m and a surface diameter of 200 m) through technical verification and analysis. In the future, we will realize the Shimizu Dream by integrating our urban planning skills with our pioneering floating technology capabilities. We will extend the sphere of human activity from “land” to “ocean” and contribute to the sustainable devel- opment of the earth.
FY1987
Future Initiatives
We will continue to focus on four areas: Ocean, Space, Nature, and Ventures.
In the Ocean business, we will create a new market and business model for cities that float on the surface of the ocean (Green ocean city of the future).
In the Space area, we will lead the new era of space business as an Integrated Space Company that provides services in building and operating space-related facilities on earth, an- alyzing and using satellite data, and even con- struction and operation of infrastructure on the surface of the moon.
In the Nature business, we will consolidate our expertise, work on initiatives to combat cli- mate change through agri-businesses, develop sustainable communities, and contribute to the revitalization of local communities.
To realize our vision of the future, we will also invest in and continue collaboration with venture firms that show promise, search for and identify advanced technology and business models, develop businesses in the construction business domain, and expand into the business of developing new emerging frontiers.
Space development established
 GREEN FLOAT height above the ocean surface
1,000
m
GREEN FLOAT II, ocean city of the future concept
4,000
 OCEAN SPIRAL ocean floor depth
m
OCEAN SPIRAL, deep sea future city concept
      Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 38
 ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 TOPICS—Space Development
 TOPICS—Coexisting with Nature
  Small-lift Rocket Launching Business
New technology enabling smaller artificial satellites and the diversification of mis- sions have increased their number as well as the need for dedicated launch vehi- cles. In July 2018, Shimizu made an equity investment in SPACE ONE Co., Ltd., which aims to be the first private-sector based small satellite launching business. Since then we have worked with our joint venture partners on developing small rockets and establishing the terrestrial infrastructure. The town of Kushimoto in Wakayama was selected as the site for construction of a launching pad where small rocket as- sembly, launch and control will be performed. The project is proceeding according to plan and is scheduled for completion in 2021. Once complete, it will be used to launch some of the first private-sector based small rockets in Japan.
News Release
August 2017
Regarding Establishment of New Generation Small Rocket Development Planning Co., Ltd. https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/news- release/2017/2017023.html
News Release
December 2018
Shimizu will build a Research Center for Lignophenol, a raw material for bioplastics
—Extracting and Manufacturing Lignophenol from Wood— https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/ news-release/2018/2018037.html
Sustainable Community Development Initiative
Shimizu is working on measures to combat climate change and achieve sustainable community development through agri-businesses.
Agri-business is an area in which Japan is lagging on SDGs (Sustainable Develop- ment Goals). Shimizu is pursuing businesses in this area to enable nature, the envi- ronment, the economy, and society to co-exist harmoniously.
We are currently conducting research and development to commercialize the manufacture and sale of lignophenol, a bioplastic derived from wood materials. Lignophenol is a new noncombustible material that is easily processed and has a high chemical compatibility. It is promising for use in a variety of products including electronic components and automotive parts as an alternative to petroleum-based plastics, and can combat climate change by reducing dependence on oil. It can also contribute to responsible forestry through the use of local wood resources while simultaneously generating employment and contributing to the sustainable develop- ment of local economies.
lignophenol
bioplastic
Basic summary of lignophenol
(Some photos provided by Fujii consulting & associates)
Using Construction Industry Expertise in Strawberry Production
Shimizu is working on large-scale greenhouses in the field of agriculture. We are participating in a strawberry production business in Hokkaido as part of a project by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries to accelerate the introduction of next-generation greenhouses.
We will create sustainable agricultural operations by utilizing our expertise in construction, environmental controls and in process and personnel management to reduce costs through large-scale facility consolidation and achieve efficient, system- atic production utilizing ICT-based environmental control technology.
     Photographic image of a small rocket (Source: SPACE ONE Co., Ltd.)
Lunar Development and Use
The Japanese, U.S., and European governments are planning to construct Gateway, a next-generation space station near the moon, and send astronauts to the lunar surface in the 2020’s. Shimizu is conducting R&D on design and construction of the facilities and equipment, including the use of resources on the moon, to support the activities of astronauts in space and on other celestial bodies As part of JAXA’s (Ja- pan Aerospace Exploration Agency) space exploration innovation hub research, we are developing structures that automatically deploy in the harsh environment of the lunar surface with the goal of achieving this around 2030.
SPACE ONE Co., Ltd.
(Commercial space transport service
business)
Commencing service in
Size of Tomatoh Farm strawberry pro- duction facility
FY2021
4
ha
  Conceptual drawing of heavy robotic equipment excavating the lunar surface by remote control
Strawberry greenhouse at Tomatoh Farm, a Shimizu joint venture
      39 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 40
 ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

    Initiatives in
Technology
Shimizu will establish new research facilities and external alliances to accelerate the development of innovative technologies across Group businesses
Policy under the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Create innovative production and quality management sys- tems
● Provide safe, secure, and sustainable communities
● Strengthen the foundations for technological development
(human resources, research facilities, external alliances, intel- lectual property strategy)
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
  Overview of Activities
Shimizu is actively working to improve produc- tivity and advance i-Construction that supports the lifestyles of people through community development and high quality infrastructure.
As an industry leader in using robots for labor savings, we have already introduced and are op- erating construction robots at multiple jobs sites. We are also using AR, VR, projection mapping, and other advanced technologies to achieve ef- fective and consistent quality management.
News Release
December 2018
Construction with Robots Part of High- rise Hotel Under Construction in Shin- Osaka
-Construction Robots Transport Materials, Weld Steel Columns, and Attach Ceiling Panels- https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/ news-release/2018/2018011.html
TOPICS
Pursuing Research and Development of Construction Robots Equipped with the Latest Technology
The dramatic decline in the number of highly skilled technicians in the near future is a concern for the construction industry. This will require improvements in productivity and the working environment to recruit the next generation of workers. In response to these conditions, in 2016 Shimizu began development of Shimz Smart Site, a next-gen- eration construction production system that enables collaboration between human workers and robots. The Robotics Laboratory in the Institute of Technology developed autonomous control technology and will apply the learnings from the high-rise hotel job site in Shin Osaka to new job sites.
Our robots are called buddies and we have developed them to be a companion that works alongside human workers. They include Robo-Carrier, a horizontal conveyor ro- bot, Autonomous-ELV automated transport
system, Robo-Welder, a steel pillar welding
 ¥12.5
Future Initiatives
To provide the value we are targeting in our long-term vision, we are focusing efforts on external alliances while enhancing internal technical capabilities, as well as on research and development and innovation to anticipates major changes in the future.
Wind and water damage from typhoons and torrential rains has been a frequent occurrence in addition to earthquake damage. Demand for di- saster prevention and mitigation continues to rise.
We will contribute to the realization of safe, secure, and resilient communities by effectively utilizing digital and other technologies in ad- dition to the technological expertise we have accumulated thus far.
We are also working to develop technologies that will support inclusive communities. Such tech- nology includes building new highly productive workplaces that support workstyle reform, and equipping communities with pedestrian navigation systems and other voice navigation systems.
To realize our goal of a sustainable society, we are working on advanced research and develop- ment based on technologies that improve pro- ductivity. These include adding to our prior work on smart grids, ZEB (Zero Energy Buildings), re- newable energy, hydrogen use and other energy systems, but also technologies that promotes the use of wood materials, an area in which Shimizu has an established track record.
We will aim to continue to provide new technologies and create value by combining AI, robotics, and other advanced technologies with the fundamental construction technologies we have developed over many years.
Advanced Earthquake Engineering Laboratory in the Shimizu Institute of Technology in Koto-ku, Tokyo
Investment in research and development (consolidated)
 billion
(FY2018)
robot, and Robo-Buddy, multi-purpose robots that installs ceilings and flooring. The robots receive work instructions from tablet devices and multiple robots work in concert while recognizing their positioning relative to each other and the working area.
Number of patent applications:
* BEMS: Building Energy Management System
312
Smart BEMS
One Step Closer to Achieving Zero Emissions and Hydro- gen-powered Towns
In July 2019, we began trial operation of the Hydro Q-BiC hydrogen energy system for use in buildings together with the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST). The trial is being conducted in the administration building of the Koriyama regional wholesale market in Fukushima Prefecture.
Hydro Q-BiC is an all-in-one system that combines efficient hydrogen manufac- turing technology powered by renewable energy, hydrogen storage and discharge technology using hydrogen storage alloy, and a Smart BEMS* optimal operating technology. The storage tank, which uses a newly developed hydrogen storage alloy, enables hydrogen to be compactly stored near the building and used safely. This is an important technology that can contribute to carbon-free buildings and city areas, developing resilient communities, and connecting with vehicles as an energy network in smart cities. We aim to commercialize it in FY2020.
Robo-Buddy installing a ceiling
  (FY2018)
PV
Surplus power Short-term
Long-term
 Power for building
Grid Lighting / AC
Power / heat for building
   Battery
 Make hydrogen
Hydrogen generator
Use Hydrogen storage
HH
Store
Fuel cell
Heat
Hydro Q-BiC
 41 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 42
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Creating a High Satisfaction Workplace
Shimizu will create a workplace environment that establishes a diverse range of flexible workstyles and provides job satisfaction while also working to hire and develop the talent who will perform our work in the future.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
  Policy under the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Implement a global talent strategy
● Continue to improve employee satisfaction ● Roll out inclusive talent systems
 43 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 TOPICS
   Overview of Activities
While continuing to recruit and develop the tal- ent of the future, Shimizu has enlisted the entire company in workstyle reforms so all employees can efficiently realize their potential. The work- ing environment varies by location and site, so we are encouraging individuals to take indepen- dent initiatives towards using planned vacations and implementing a five-day work week at job sites.
Last year, we held a company-wide Work- style Reform Week and introduced new initia- tives including a system for working from home that is open to everyone. In addition to express- ing the company’s serious intentions around reforms to employees, we aim to develop a cul- ture of innovation encourages each employee to think freely and take on new challenges.
Non-financial KPI for job satisfaction*1
3.4 4.0
*1 Shimizu Japan Employee Survey Index (Average score on a five-point scale)
Future Initiatives
As we globalize and diversify our talent, we will create a workplace environment that is inclusive without regard to gender, age, nation- ality, or other attributes, and provides high job satisfaction.
More specifically, we will implement initia- tives to improve job satisfaction, pay close at- tention to the mental and physical well-being of each employee, and make the workplace more vibrant.
As a corporate group that is expanding globally, we will also work to establish a cor- porate culture that respects human rights from a broad range of perspectives. We established the Shimizu Group Human Rights Policy*2 in December 2018, based on the concepts in- corporated in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. This applies to all officers and employees at group companies, and we will urge our supply chain to support this policy as well.
Shimizu was awarded the Nadeshiko Brand in 2017 as a listed company that excels in promoting the advancement of women. We were also selected as a member of Diversity Management Selection 100 as a company that implements diversity management and produces results.
Nadeshiko Brand
Diversity Management Selection 100
Workstyle Reform Week Held
Shimizu held Workstyle Reform Week for the first time in October 2018 to encour- age every employee to take the initiative to reform workstyles and increase oppor- tunities company-wide. During Workstyle Reform Week, we presented awards for good examples of workstyle reforms, and held different activities every day, includ- ing brainstorming new initiatives for all employees.
We also conducted an employee satisfaction survey in Japan to quantify job sat- isfaction. Close to 90% of employees participated and their responses clarified the challenges in creating a workplace in which each employee can achieve job satis- faction.
We will continue to work on improving job sat- isfaction based on future survey results.
Will (on left) and Act (on right) mascots to cheer on workstyle reform, created by soliciting ideas internally
Full-scale Introduction of a Work-from-home System
We implemented a one-year work-from-home system trial beginning in May 2018. The trial is expected to encourage re-evaluation of daily workstyles and to support achieving work-life balance. All employees are eligible to use the system, not just those with childcare and family care needs.
During the trial 393 employees worked from home. Employees who work at job sites were also included, despite the initial feeling that this would be difficult when the trial first began.
Based on the feedback received from employees during the trial, we revised the system to make it more flexible, and introduced the new permanent system in May 2019. Going forward, we will work to create a workplace where it is easy to use the work-from-home system. We will share stories from employees who used the sys- tem and encourage management-level employees to use it.
    FY2018 results: FY2023 goal:
over
*2 See the corporate website for further details.
https://www.shimz.co.jp/company/csr/ human/
Actual Experience of Balancing Work and Childcare
  I am using flex-time and working from home. When working from home, I pre- pare the work inventory and materials needed in an electronic format in advance, then produce the materials, participate in videoconferences, and perform other work. When I work from home, I can do housework during my lunch break and can also take care of my children’s health exams without taking time off from work. I feel that I can balance work and childcare through this flexible workstyle.
Asumi Hayashi
Planning Group, Human Resources Department
 Number of work-from-home system users:
393
(May 2018 to April 2019)
     Engineers working on the tunnel at Tokyo International Airport and other construction projects (Ota-ku, Tokyo)
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 44
  ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Contributing to the
Global Environment
The construction industry exists by consuming the limited natural resources of the earth.
We recognize that how we conduct our business activities will dramatically affect the future of our children, and are working to follow our slogan, “Today’s Work, Tomorrow’s Heritage.”
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
   Policy under the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Steady promotion of the mid and long-term CO2 reduction targets in Ecology Mission 2030–2050
● Conservation and indexing of biodiversity within our businesses
● Efforts aimed at waste reduction and effective use of limited global resources
45 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 TOPICS—Decarbonization
   Initiatives as an Eco-first Company
In August 2018, Shimizu obtained certification under the Eco-First system. We pledged to Japan’s Ministery of the Environment that we will implement environmental conservation activities. Shimizu’s Eco-first pledge took the form of fiscal 2030 goals to combat global warming, use re- sources effectively, and protect biodiversity.
In FY2018, we planned specific initiatives to our goals for FY2030, in particular our goal for CO2 reduction. We examined proliferation rates, cost, and other factors, and communi- cated these through internal PR, and dialogues with external stakeholders, including discus- sions on setting SBT*1 goals.
*1 SBT: Science Based Targets. Sponsored by the NGO Science Based Targets, this initiative requires setting scientifically-grounded goals aimed at keeping global warming to 2°C or below through 2100.
CO2 emissions reduction rate in the construction industry (vs. FY2017*2)
*2 Goals set for 2017-2023, excerpted from Ecology Mission 2030–2050 activities.
Revision of Basic Environmental Policy
Shimizu revised its Basic Environmental Policy in May 2019.
The policy will apply to the entire Shimizu Group. It establishes goals for contributing to the achievement of SDGs, preventing global warming, resource conservation and reuse, and preserving biodiversity. The policy contains measures to achieve those goals. The specific initiatives are explained on the following pages.
Basic Environmental Policy (Japanese)
Ecology Mission 2030–2050
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/csr/environment/ performance/eco/
Contributions to the Global Environment Aimed at Preventing Global Warming
Ecology Mission 2030–2050
Shimizu is implementing activities contained in Ecology Mission 2030–2050, which are aimed at achieving SDG 13, Climate Action
% or greater
*3 Logo of “GREEN OIL JAPAN”
Medium and Long-term Goals:
0%
▲40% ▲50%
▲60%
▲80% ▲100%
Job site emissions during construction CO2
(vs. FY1990)
◦60% reduction in FY2030 ◦80% reduction in FY2050
CO2 emissions during operation of buildings designed and construct- ed by Shimizu (vs. FY1990)
◦60% reduction in FY2030 ◦80% reduction in FY2050
  CO2 reduction during building operation due to energy-saving design
▲46%
CO2 reduction in
Shimizu offices
The bullet point indicate the offset from CO2 credits acquired by the company
CO2 reduction during
construction
▲51%
▲46%
▲56%
▲60% ▲60%
▲80% ▲80%
▲80%
10
FY2023 goal:
FY2018 emissions results
vs. FY1990
FY2019 goal vs. FY1990
2050 (FY) Initiatives in CO2 reduction during construction
1990 2018 2030 Results:
263,000
While we achieved a reduction in emissions density (t-CO2/construction work completed) at job sites, the construction work completed for the entire company increased, so the CO2 emissions volume also increased. We will strengthen the following initiatives from next fiscal year, and work to further reduce the volume of CO2 emissions during construction.
FY2018 emissions results
vs. FY1990
FY2019 goal vs. FY1990
46,000
tons-CO2
% reduction
47
% reduction
tons-CO2
46
% reduction
49
% reduction
tons-CO2
51
% reduction
54
% reduction
Initiatives in reducing CO2 in company offices
FY2018 emissions results
vs. FY1990
FY2019 goal vs. FY1990
9,500
Contribution to reducing CO2 emissions by customers
Initiatives in CO2 reduction during building operation in buildings designed by Shimizu
46
Measures Aimed at Preventing Global Warming
We are implementing the following measures aimed at preventing global warming: (1) Using electric power generated from renewable energy (RE)
(2) Shifting from fuel oil to electric power
(3) Using heavy machinery equipped with hybrid engines and an auto idling stop function We support GREEN OIL JAPAN*3 and will conduct a joint trial with Euglena Co., Ltd. on using next-generation biodiesel fuel (BDF) in cranes at select job sites
in the Greater Tokyo Area and in shuttle buses at the Institute of Technology in FY2019.
       Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 46
 ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 TOPICS—Biodiversity
 TOPICS—Natural Resource / Pollution
  Supporting Our Customer`s Biodiversity Preservation Activities
Morioka Seiko Instruments Inc., a subsidiary of Seiko Instruments Inc., has its Grand Seiko and other manufacturing locations in Shizukuishi, Iwate Prefecture. Woodlands, covering approximately 2 hectares, have existed on the company premises since it was founded in 1970. Since 2012, Seiko Instruments Inc. has used these woodlands for nature observation by employees as part of its biodiversity preservation activities.
Shimizu has utilized our biodiversity preservation technology to provide technical support for preserving biodiversity in these woodlands. Examples of the support provided include monitoring biodiversity and forest management, creating grassy habitats for various kinds of wildlife, and installing birdhouses for small birds.
These activities resulted in the acquisition of the first factory-version “business innovation in harmony with nature and community” ABINC certification* in Japan by Morioka Seiko Instruments Inc. in 2015. In 2016, the company received the ABINC special prize for ABINC-certified companies that implement business initiatives that are particularly outstanding. The Ebine (Calanthe discolor) plant, which was includ- ed in the Iwate Prefecture Red List of rare wildlife and plant life, was discovered there in 2017, and steady improvement in biodiversity has been confirmed.
Shimizu will continue this technical support, and will also extend support to many biodiversity preservation activities by customers in the future.
* The Association for Business Innovation in harmony with Nature and Community (ABINC) awards certifications to companies deemed to have excellent initiatives in the creation and preservation of biodiversity.
Woodlands at the Morioka Seiko plant
Nature observation club
Trend Information
The Yokohama Nomura Building, designed and built by Shimizu, received the urban greening mechanism Chairman's Award in
the 17th Rooftop & Wall Greening Technology Competition in the
wall, special greening category.
This award recognized the Green Radiator R greening system with vertical louvres covered with greenery on the building’s outer walls and windowpanes.
Introducing the Results of Environmental Activities
Shimizu initiatives in pollution prevention https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ csr/environment/data/
Environmental Pollution Prevention
As demolition and renovation work increases, environmental pollution from asbestos is becoming a major problem. Shimizu provides ongoing special training on asbestos. In FY2018, we conducted training sessions at branches nationwide on the removal of fin- ishing compounds that contain asbestos for Shimizu employees and subcontractors.
We also provided training in response to the revised Soil Contamination Counter- measures Act. The entire company is working as one team to prevent environmental pollution.
Study sessions on finishing compounds containing asbestos held for the entire company
Manual on Earthquake Waste Disposal Measures
  Introducing the Results of Environmental Activities Shimizu initiatives in biodiversity https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/csr/environment/ performance/living/
% (FY2018 results)
Construction by-product disposal rate:
3.4
In order to properly handle the waste debris from the massive earthquakes that are projected to occur, we have produced a manual on handling earthquake waste based on the concepts contained in the overall national plan urging meticulous preparation before a disaster and rapid response after a disaster.
All protective wear and equipment are stored at the head office
 Construction by-product transport density:
 15.6
kg/m
2 (FY2018 results)
Manual on handling earthquake waste (Japanese)
 * See the website for further details
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ csr/environment/performance/recycle
Office activities
FY2018 Resources, Energy, and Material Flow*
INPUT
Office activities
Green procurement
Main construction materials
Construction activities
OUTPUT
  Construction activities
 Construction waste generated (from construction work)
1.95 million tons
Miscellaneous debris
Construction sludge
Mixed waste Wood chips from construction
    Controlled final disposal: 60,000 tons
 Minimally controlled final disposal: 40,000 tons
 Recycling:
1.85 million tons
      47 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 48
 ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Board of Directors
From left in the back row
Senior Managing Officer Tsunehiko Yamanaka*1
From left in the front row
Director
Mayumi Tamura*2
Executive Vice President and Director
Koji Ikeda
Director
Tamotsu Iwamoto*2
Executive Vice President and Representative Director Toru Yamaji
President and Representative Director
Kazuyuki Inoue
Executive Vice President and Representative Director Koichiro Higashide
Chairman of the Board and Representative Director
Yoichi Miyamoto
Executive Vice President and Representative Director Toshiyuki Imaki
Director
Motoaki Shimizu*3
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Osamu Terada
Director
Aya Murakami*2
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (standing)
Chihiro Arakawa Executive Officers
Senior Managing Officer
Tsunehiko Yamanaka Tadashi Okamoto Yutaka Ishikawa Shigeru Namioka Hiroshi Fujimura
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (standing)
Hideto Watanabe
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(standing)
Hatsuhito Kaneko*4
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(part time)
Tetsuya Nishikawa*4
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
(part time)
       *1 Representative Director Tsunehiko Yamanaka concurrently serves as an Executive Officer.
*2 Directors Tamotsu Iwamoto and Aya Murakami and Mayumi Tamura are External Directors.
*3 Director Motoaki Shimizu is a Non-Executive Director and head of the Nomination and Compensation Committee. *4 Audit & Supervisory Board Members Hatsuhito Kaneko, Tetsuya Nishikawa, and Kaoru Ishikawa are External Auditors.
Toyoji Sone Masahiro Indo Koichi Ishimizu Masaki Yamaguchi Kimio Handa Naoki Kita
Masatoshi Misawa Kazuyoshi Nasuhara Kentaro Ikeda Takashi Kawata Hiroaki Taniguchi Shinichi Takiguchi
Takahisa Shirota Masanobu Onishi Yoshito Tsutsumi Akira Yamazaki
Takefumi Saito Yasuhide Kuwahara Yoshiki Higashi Takao Haneda Yoshimi Hirata Yoshinari Dendoh
Kenichi Ozono Kazuhiko Kato Tetsu Mizuno Toshikazu Tsuji Yasuhide Yamada Tomoaki Harada
Takayuki Sakakima Yoshihiro Higuchi Masakazu Hyodo Haruhiko Washimi Kouichi Yamashita
49 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 50
Managing Officer
Executive Officers
Yutaka Gozu Kazuhito Nakamura Masaichi Kawamura Masamichi Miki Mitsuo Morii Tatsuya Shinmura
Kaoru Ishikawa*4 Toshihide Suenaga
Osamu Nakagawa Kojiro Shimizu Tomohisa Odaka Atsushi Osada Takeshi Sekiguchi
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Governance
Basic Views of Corporate Governance
Shimizu manages the company based on the principles con- tained in our corporate credo, The Analects and the Aba- cus. We strive to manage the company in a timely, highly ef- ficient, transparent, and lawful manner to achieve sustained growth and increase corporate value over the medium and long term, while also earning a greater degree of trust from all our shareholders and investors, including customers, em- ployees, and local communities. We do so by fulfilling our social responsibilities through business activities.
To achieve this, we have separated the management strat- egy and decision-making function from the execution of du- ties function, and have established a structure that enables the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board to appropriately supervise and audit the performance of each of these functions. Our basic policy on corporate governance is for our Directors, Executive Officers, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and employees to implement compliance management based on the highest ethical standards.
Overview of the Corporate Governance Structure
Shimizu has adopted the structure of a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board. We have limited the number of Directors and introduced an Executive Officer system to clearly separate the management strategy, decision-making, and oversight functions from the execution function. We have established a system for supervising and overseeing management from an objective and neutral perspective by
taking steps to encourage energetic debate at Board of Direc- tors meetings, and by electing Non-Executive Directors who include External Directors and External Audit & Supervisory Board Members who maintain a high degree of indepen- dence.
Main Governing Bodies Established by Shimizu
(including discretionary committees and other meeting formats)
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors holds meetings once a month and as needed. It makes decisions on matters specified in laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation as well as other important matters, and supervises the execution of duties. The Articles of Incorporation specifies 12 as the maximum number of Directors. These Directors consist of eight Execu- tive Directors who are highly knowledgeable in each area of Shimizu’s business and four Non-Executive Directors, three of whom are External Directors with extensive expertise and experience in their respective specialties. All three meet the criteria for independence specified by the Tokyo Stock Ex- change. This structure provides the optimal number of Direc- tors and diversity in expertise to manage the company based on the management environment, management policy, and business strategy. The Chairman and Representative Director serves as the Chair of the Board of Directors.
Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board meets once a month and as needed, in principle. It makes decisions on audit policy, audit plans, audit methods, other important audit matters, and
discusses necessary matters concerning audits. The Articles of Incorporation specifies 5 as the maximum number of Au- dit & Supervisory Board Members. The Audit & Supervisory Board consists of five Board Members, three of whom are External Audit & Supervisory Board Members. The Chair of the Audit & Supervisory Board is an Audit & Supervisory Board Member chosen by the Audit & Supervisory Board. All three of the External Audit & Supervisory Board Members are independent officers as specified by the Tokyo Stock Ex- change and supervise management of the company from an objective and neutral perspective.
Nomination & Compensation Committee
Shimizu has established a Nomination & Compensation Com- mittee to ensure fairness and transparency in the selection, dismissal, evaluation, and compensation of Directors and Executive Officers. The members of this committee consist of four Non-Executive Directors (three External Directors and one Non-Executive Internal Director) and two Executive Direc- tors. The committee is chaired by a Non-Executive Director.
Risk Management Committee
Our Risk Management Committee ascertains and analyzes risks that would have a serious impact on our corporate group, which consists of Shimizu and its subsidiaries. It also determines key risk management items, and follows up and reports to the Board of Directors. The President and Repre- sentative Director serves as the Chair of the committee and one full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member also attends committee meetings.
Committee on Corporate Ethics
Shimizu has established the Committee on Corporate Ethics to determine company-wide policies on strict compliance with corporate ethics, laws and regulations, and deploy and follow up on compliance. The committee is also tasked with collect- ing all information on serious incidents involving wrongdoing as well examining ways to prevent incidents and recurrence and issuing directions to accomplish that. The President and Representative Director serves as the Chair of the committee. One full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member and one Ex- ternal Expert (an attorney) also attend committee meetings.
Executive Officers Council
Shimizu has established an Executive Officers Council to communicate important matters and policies decided by the Board of Directors to Executive Officers and provide instructions to them. The President and Representative Di- rector serves as the Chair of this council and members con- sist of Executive Directors (other than the Chairman) and Executive Officers. One full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member also attends council meetings.
Overview of Corporate Governance Structure (as of June 27, 2019)
 Item
Description
Organizational form
Board of Directors, number of Directors
Director term
Number of female Directors
Number of Non-Executive Directors
Number of Independent Directors
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Number of Independent Audit & Supervisory Board Members Executive officer system
Name of Accounting Auditor
Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board
12
1 year*
2
4 (including 3 independent Directors)
3
5
3
Yes
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
             Appoints
Diagram of Corporate Governance Structure
Shareholders/General Meeting of Shareholders
Discloses information
Appoints
Appoints
* The term for Directors was changed from two years to one year at the 117th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2019. The purpose of this change is to clarify the management responsibilities of Directors for the fiscal year, build a management structure capable of swift response to changes in the management environment, and further strengthen corporate governance.
Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Our Board of Directors evaluates the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors once a year.
A summary of the evaluation method and results for 2018 are provided below:
(1) Evaluation Method
Self-evaluation through discussion by all Directors and all Au- dit & Supervisory Board Members
・Time period: 12 months beginning in January 2018 (one year) ・Evaluation date: December 2018 Board of Directors meeting ・Main items evaluated: Composition, function, and operational
status of the Board of Directors, status of support provided to External Directors, status of information, training, and other support provided to Directors, status of dialog with sharehold- ers and stakeholders, and other aspects of operation
(2) Summary of Evaluation Results
Shimizu’s Board of Directors engages in constructive and energetic debate and is judged to be operating properly and effectively. The following main issues for future consid- eration were also raised.
・Continue to strive for debates in Board of Directors meetings that are even more comprehensive and aimed at enhancing corporate value and achieving medium and long-term growth.
・Provide information to External Directors to help them under- stand the execution of duties and trends in the construction industry, and set up regular meetings aimed at incorporating the opinions of External Directors in management (also set up similar meetings for External Audit & Supervisory Board Mem- bers).
・Work to ensure efficient operation of the Board of Directors by making sure that explanations at Board of Directors meetings are clear and concise.
(3) Future Initiatives
Shimizu will use the results from evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors to further improve its effectiveness and corporate governance.
   Consultation
Nominating Compensation Committee
Reports
Appoints & supervises
Directors/Board of Directors
Nominates & supervises
President/Representative Director
Instructs, notifies, and supervises
Various types of meetings and committees
Executive Officers
Reports and refers for discussion
Corporate Auditor’s Office
Reports
Risk Management Committee
Reports and refers for discussion
Reports
Operating Divisions
Investigates
 Reports
 Audits and reports
Advises and guides
Committee on Corporate Ethics
Corporate Ethics Office
Law Firm
Whistleblowing
Reports
Audit
Department
Internal audits
Reports
Reports
Audits
 Accounting Auditor
   Instructs and communicates information
    Summarizes Information
 Consultation and Reporting Desks (Corporate Ethics Help-Line Office)
Reports
Internal audits
  Subsidiary Presidents
 Instruct, notify, and supervise
Reports
Internal audits Whistleblowing
 Operating Divisions
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members/ Audit & Supervisory Board
Investigates
            Discloses information
Provide information
     51 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 52
      Stakeholders
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Governance
Activities of External Officers and Support Structure
External Directors
Tamotsu Iwamoto
Aya Murakami
Mayumi Tamura
Hatsuhito Kaneko
○
○
○
Shimizu has established a system to provide information to facilitate supervision of management by External Directors in performing their duties (including office and job site tours, etc.). The administration divisions in the head office play the main role in providing this information in a timely manner.
The Corporate Auditor’s Office was established as a ded- icated organization to support Audit & Supervisory Board Members. A sufficient number of staff members have been hired or assigned to assist External Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
 Standards on the Independence of External Officers
(External Directors and External Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Shimizu deems External Officers and Candidates for external officer positions that meet the following requirements as inde-
pendent from the company.
1. Persons who are not Executive Officers of Shimizu or any Shimizu subsidiary (Executive Director, Executive Officer, or other type of employee), and have not been employed in such positions at Shimizu or any of its subsidiaries in the past 10 years
2. Persons who are not important Executive Officers (Executive Directors, persons involved in accounting, persons in executive positions, Executive Officers, managers, or other important employee positions) of a main shareholder of Shimizu Corporation (a shareholder possessing 10% or more of voting rights)
3. Persons who are not important Executive Officers of any of Shimizu’s main customers (from whom payment for transactions in the most recent fiscal year exceeded 2% of Shimizu’s total consolidated net sales in the most recent fiscal year)
4. Persons who are not important Executive Officers of any of business partner for which Shimizu is a main customer (to which Shimizu’s payments for transactions exceeded 2% of that company’s total consolidated net sales)
5. Persons who are not important Executive Officers of a financial institution that Shimizu depends on for financing, to the extent that there are no alternative options
6. Persons who are not attorneys, certified public accountants, or who provide various kinds of specialized consulting services for which substan- tial compensation (compensation exceeding 10 million yen in the most recent fiscal year) is received from Shimizu, other than remuneration for serving as an officer
7. Persons who are not relatives of an important Executive Officer of Shimizu or any of its subsidiaries (a spouse or a relative of two or less de- grees of kinship)
       Name
Indepen dent Officer
Important Concurrent Positions
Reasons for Appointment
Meeting Attendance During FY2018
   Advisor (full-time), Ajinomoto Co., Inc. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, House Foods Group Inc. head office
Tamotsu Iwamoto possesses expert knowledge and experi- ence as an officer of listed companies and extensive knowl- edge and experience from many years in corporate manage- ment. Shimizu deemed him to be appropriate for appointment as an External Director because we think he will utilize this experience in supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
      Professor, Dept. of Law, Faculty of Law,
Teikyo University
   Outside Director,
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, Honda Motor Co., Ltd., Outside Director,
Hitachi High-Technologies Corporation
Aya Murakami possesses expert knowledge and experience
as a university professor and knowledge and experience from involvement in labor and welfare administration for many years. We deemed her to be appropriate for appointment as an External Director because she is using this expertise to pro- mote work style reform, diversity management, and otherwise contribute to the management of the company.
 Mayumi Tamura possesses expert knowledge and many years of experience in global companies. We deemed her to be ap- propriate for appointment as an External Director because we think she will utilize this experience in supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
    ○
○
○
-
(Assumed the position in June 2019)
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 19 meetings out of a total of 19 meetings
-
(Assumed the position in June 2019)
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 19 meetings out of a total of 19 meetings Audit & Supervisory Board meetings: Attended 11 meetings out of a total of 11 meetings
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 18 meetings out of a total of 19 meetings Audit & Supervisory Board meetings: Attended 11 meetings out of a total of 11 meetings
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 19 meetings out of a total of 19 meetings Audit & Supervisory Board meetings: Attended 11 meetings out of a total of 11 meetings
When a Board of Directors meeting is held, the Board of Di- rectors administrative office and other divisions provide expla- nations in advance to the External Directors and the External Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
Each year, Shimizu also holds an External Officers Confer- ence for External Directors and External Audit & Supervisory Board Members and an External Directors and All Audit & Supervisory Board Members Conference for External Directors and all Audit & Supervisory Board Members in an effort to fa- cilitate information exchange.
          External Audit & Supervisory Board Members
    Name
Indepen dent Officer
Important Concurrent Positions
Reasons for Appointment
Meeting Attendance During FY2018
   Full-time
Hatsuhito Kaneko possesses considerable knowledge of finance and accounting, and extensive experience and expertise in management as an officer of financial institutions for many years. Shimizu deemed him to be appropriate for ap- pointment as an External Audit & Supervisory Board Member because he is supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
      Attorney
(Kasahara Law Office); External Audit & Supervisory Board Member at
SEKIDO Co., Ltd.;
External Director at LAC Co., Ltd.;
External Audit & Supervisory Board Member at
Sokensha Co., Ltd.
Tetsuya Nishikawa has held positions of authority in the police force, the Ministry of Defense, and the Cabinet Secretariat. He has extensive knowledge and experience in crisis manage- ment administration, and possesses expert knowledge as an attorney. Shimizu deemed him to be appropriate for appoint- ment as an External Audit & Supervisory Board Member because he is supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
    Director at
Kawamura Gakuen, Director at The Society for Promotion of Japanese Diplomacy;
and Outside Director at SMK Corporation
Kaoru Ishikawa serves an advisor in the field of foreign diplo- macy, has extensive experience as a diplomat, and possesses specialized knowledge of international affairs and SDGs. Shimizu deemed him to be appropriate for appointment as an External Audit & Supervisory Board Member because he utilizes his expertise in supervising the management of the company from a global perspective.
        Tetsuya Nishikawa
Policy on Determining Officer Compensation
Director and Executive Officer compensation consists of a base salary which is paid monthly and performance-linked bo- nuses. Shimizu has established a Nomination & Compensation Committee which mainly consists of Non-Executive Directors, including External Directors, to ensure fair and transparent evaluation and compensation of directors and officers through deliberation by the committee.
A maximum total of 90 million yen a month in director com- pensation was established at the 117th Annual General Meet- ing of Shareholders held on June 27, 2019. Compensation of External Directors is capped at 10 million yen of the amount noted above.
Director bonuses are indexed to consolidated net income, which represents the ultimate results of Shimizu Group busi- ness activities for one fiscal year. The degree of progress on achieving the goal for consolidated ordinary income for the fiscal year is also considered and the basic bonus is calcu- lated by multiplying the net income indicator by a certain percentage. This is multiplied by a specific index for each po- sition and an additional amount is added to according to the performance of each director. Moreover, an amount equivalent
to 20% of the bonus is granted as compensation for acquiring company shares to give directors greater shared value with shareholders and to enhance corporate value over the medi- um and long term. The share-based compensation for each Director is contributed to the employees’ stock ownership plan and is used to acquire Shimizu shares. Directors must also hold the shares acquired while employed by Shimizu and for a certain period of time after leaving the company. The Nomination & Compensation Committee deliberates on whether to issue bonuses and the amounts of the bonuses. When issued, bonuses are paid after being approved by the Board of Directors and approved by resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Non-Executive Directors, including External Directors, are only paid a monthly salary to enhance the management su- pervisory function.
A maximum total limit of 13 million yen a month in Audit & Supervisory Board member compensation was established at the 89th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 1991 and the compensation is determined through discussion by the Audit & Supervisory Board.
  Kaoru Ishikawa
  Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation (FY2018)
 Officer Category
 Total Compensation (¥ millions)
  Total Compensation by Compensation Type (¥ millions)
  Number of Eligible Officers
 Monthly Salary
 Bonus
  Of which, compen- sation for acquiring company shares
 Directors
(excluding External Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(excluding External Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
External Officers
774 507 267
53 10 2
ー 5
    64
   64
   ー
   ー
    75 75 ー
  53 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 54
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Governance
Compliance (Compliance with Corporate Ethics and Laws & Regulations)
Policy on Constructive Dialog with Stakeholders
Shimizu believes that information disclosure and dialog with shareholders, institutional investors, and securities analysts is important to achieve sustained growth and increasing corporate value.
The President and other executive management attend fi- nancial results briefings and overseas IR meetings to engage in substantial dialog. We also conduct job site tours and disclose information on the corporate website in a fair and timely manner to enable stakeholders to correctly under-
Internal Control System Establishment and Status
stand the Shimizu’s business strategy and the management environment.
Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct and Internal Corporate Structure
Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct
As society changes and imposes stronger demands on com- panies to be good corporate citizens and exercise corporate social responsibility, Shimizu works to make sure that officers and employees fully understand our corporate credo, The Analects and the Abacus, and act accordingly each day. We formulated the Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct and make sure that everyone is familiar with the code to achieve this.
Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ir/management/governance/
Establishment of a System of Internal Controls
Shimizu has established a Committee on Corporate Ethics and the internal systems necessary for practical implementation and operation of the Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct by officers and employees. In April 2018, we strengthened the Committee on Corporate Ethics by designating the President as committee chair, adding an external expert (an attorney), and by establishing the Corporate Ethics Office.
Compliance Training
Our e-learning course for all employees achieved a 100% completion rate again in fiscal 2018. The International Division and other business divisions also conduct compliance training tailored to the circumstances of the division as necessary.
We also hold a compliance conference for affiliates and other group companies, and work to establish connections in the Shimizu Group. Group companies also establish a code of conduct and system that conforms to Shimizu’s and conduct compliance training for all employees.
Proper Management of Personal Information
In the construction industry, companies retain personal infor- mation of customers, subcontractors, etc., and the personal information of employees obtained through business activities.
Shimizu has formulated a Privacy Policy and takes neces- sary and appropriate steps to maintain security based on the policy. We manage national identification numbers and other personal information appropriately.
Initiatives Aimed at Compliance with the Antimonopoly Act
In March 2018, Shimizu was indicted for violations of the An- timonopoly Act relating to a bid on a Chuo Shinkansen con- struction project ordered by the Central Japan Railway Com- pany. In October of the same year, the court found Shimizu Corporation guilty, and ordered suspension of certain business activities in January 2019, as specified in the Construction Business Act. After an investigation by authorities in 2017, we involved an attorney to determine all of the facts, examine the causes and consider measures to prevent recurrence. New measures to prevent recurrence were decided on at a Board of Directors meeting held on March 23, 2018, the same day on which Shimizu was indicted, and publicly announced. We established the External Committee to Prevent Recurrence of Antimonopoly Act Violations in April 2018. The committee consists of three attorneys who analyzes the causes and verify the appropriateness of measures to prevent recurrence. We have also used their findings in measures to prevent recur- rence.
Shimizu takes the penalties assessed thus far very seriously. We are enlisting the entire company in implementing compre- hensive measures to prevent recurrence, initiatives to ensure even stricter compliance, and will continue to work to earn back the trust of all involved.
Progress on Implementing Measures to Prevent Recurrence of the Incident Involving Violation of the Antimonopoly Act (May 10, 2019) https://pdf.irpocket.com/C1803/FMlK/iE1j/NleH.pdf (only in japanese)
Corporate ethics training for executive management
Held four times from April 2018 to March 2019, for approximately 300 officers and managers. Roughly 1,200 people have taken the course.
 FY2018 Activities
 Number
 Financial results briefings and job site tours for financial analysts
Individual meetings with financial analysts
Job site tours for individual shareholders
Meetings with overseas institutional inves- tors
3
79
2
28
    Shimizu has established a system of internal controls and the Board of Directors makes decisions on basic policy to establish a system that will ensure proper operation of the company.
An overview of the operational status of systems to ensure proper operation of the company in fiscal 2018 is provided below.
(1) We provide ongoing education and training to officers and employees to ensure strict compliance.
(2) Shimizu has established three compliance hotlines based on an internal reporting system: a corporate ethics hotline, a counseling hotline, and an external hotline. All employees have been made aware of them, and the sys-
tem’s operations are reported to the Committee on Corporate Ethics and the Audit & Supervisory Board.
(3) The Committee on Corporate Ethics meets three times a year. It rolls out measures aimed at strict compliance
with corporate ethics and laws and regulations to the entire company and follows up on implementation.
(4) We continue to implement measures to prevent recurrence and ensure even stricter compliance in light of the violation of the Antimonopoly Act that occurred in the Chuo Shinkansen construction project made public in
March 2018.
(1) The Risk Management Committee meets twice a year. It identifies and analyzes risks that would have a serious impact on the corporate group, which consists of Shimizu and its subsidiaries, and determines the key areas of risk management. It follows up on implementation and reports to the Board of Directors.
(2) To confirm communication lines and the organization for responding to large earthquakes, we hold regular earth- quake disaster drills (twice a year) and ask suppliers and local residents and others to participate.
(3) For overseas safety risks, we collect information on hazards based on the guidelines on overseas emergency response. As necessary, we also strengthen the security structure, issue warnings to relevant people, and limit overseas travel.
(4) To firmly establish information security measures and make sure that everyone understands them, we provide ongoing education and training to officers and employees, share information with relevant divisions, and respond swiftly when a problem occurs.
(1) Shimizu holds two meetings a year to share information between the President of Shimizu and the Presidents of group subsidiaries. We manage important items related to operational execution at subsidiaries through the Rules on Subsidiary Management.
(2) The Audit Department performs internal audits of subsidiaries based on the audit plan. Proper operational execu- tion by subsidiaries is also monitored by dispatching Auditors and other means.
(1) The Corporate Auditor’s Office is an organization dedicated to assisting the Audit & Supervisory Board. It is staffed with three full-time employees.
(2) An Audit & Supervisory Board Member designated by the Audit & Supervisory Board attends important meetings such as meetings of the President’s Office, meetings of Business Division heads, Risk Management Committee meetings, and Committee on Corporate Ethics meetings.
Basic Policy on Establishing a System of Internal Controls Corporate Governance Report https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ir/management/governance/
  Compliance System
 Risk Management System
 Systems to Ensure Proper Operation of the Shimizu Group
 System for Ensuring Effectiveness of Audits by Auditors
        55 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 56
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Risk Management
Supply Chain & Group Management
Risk Management Structure
Each fiscal year, the Risk Management Committee determines the key areas of risk management for the entire company and takes steps to ensure that each division incorporates these de- cisions into its business plans. These key areas of risk manage- ment include ESG elements such as the risk of violating laws and regulations, and environmental and safety risks. The com- mittee also monitors the status of risk management by func-
tion in all headquarter and business divisions and at Group companies, issues instructions for appropriate corrections and improvements, and works to address emerging risks. Dissem- inating the key points of risk management company-wide will enable the committee to address risks that will be increasingly diverse and broader in scope in the future.
Back to the Basics of Strict Safety Management
At Shimizu, our highest priority is the protection of the lives and health of workers in all aspects of corporate activities, based on the principles of respect for human life and respect for people. Establishing a firmly rooted culture of safety and creating safe, comfortable work environments have been es- tablished as the components of our basic policy on managing health and safety.
We help job site administrators and other workers take steps to rigorously maintain a strong awareness of guarding against all accidents or disasters. We also adhere strictly to operation of the PDCA cycle and implement various measures aimed at eliminating accidents involving falls, construction machinery and cranes, structure collapse and destruction, and fire and infrastructure damage.
Strengthening the Supply Chain and Group Management
Strengthening the supply chain and group management is one of our key strategies. We will strengthen and augment the sup- ply chain so that it is capable of ensuring reliable operations and implement group management that is flexible and agile enough to enable business expansion.
CSR Procurement
We have formulated a Basic Procurement Policy and Things We Request of Our Suppliers Policy to ensure fair and trans- parent business activities. We ask suppliers who are part of our supply chain to comply with laws and regulations, includ- ing those on human rights and labor, and to respect social norms.
In FY2018, we formulated the Shimizu Group Human Rights Policy, which is based on the concepts contained in the UN Guiding Principles and Business and Human Rights. We urge our suppliers to support this policy.
We also hold compliance training sessions in various loca- tions throughout Japan for the subcontractors we do business with. In fiscal 2018, we held a total of 26 training sessions with 1,704 participants from 1,619 companies on the topics of compliance, eliminating fraudulent transactions, labor and employment, and information security.
Basic Procurement Policy
Things We Request of Our Suppliers https://pdf.irpocket.com/C1803/jasE/ MuuB/bXna.pdf
Building our Workforce
While the current strong demand for construction is projected to continue, the the construction industry is facing the urgent demographic problem of hiring and retaining talent. This is also causing a major problem in the passing on technical skills to the next generation. Shimizu is taking steps to resolve these issues and hiring the young people who will become crafts- persons for Shimizu in the future.
One recruiting initiative is the “Seeking people who want to be a craftsman!” ads for subcontractors on the corporate website. We have posted recruiting information for over 400 subcontractors nationwide. We also hold hands-on site tours, hold job fairs for technical high school students, and provide opportunities to learn about specialized areas of the construc- tion industry in greater depth.
Since May 2018, we have provided support for improving the attractiveness of the construction industry and hiring work- ers, including supplemental wages that add a fixed percentage to total wages each month for sites that promote adoption of a five-day work week and reduce overtime work.
We also continue to promote enrollment in social insurance and roll-out of the construction career advancement system.
 Diagram of Risk Management Structure (According to the Rules on Risk Management)
 Board of Directors
Supervises
Reports
  Risk Management Committee (Chair: President)
[Meets regularly]
・Makes decisions on the key points of risk management ・Monitors the status of risk management
(Administrative Office)
Risk Management Administrative Office
     Collaborate
Instructs
Instructs
  Provides information on risks
Meetings and committees by function
(Safety Committee, Technical Quality Committee, Corporate Ethics Committee, IT Management Committee, etc.)
 Headquarters: Divisions and Departments that Supervise Risk Management by Function
 Audits Audits
Instructs
When a risk emerges, each division responds swiftly and appropriately through its line of command, reports to the supervisory division in headquarters, and receives instructions.
  Business divisions and Group companies
   (1) Strengthening and expanding the supply chain to evolve the construction business
・Strengthen alliances with subcontractors and suppli- ers and build a structure that is optimal for the com- pany through nationwide alliances
・Expand alliances with companies and suppliers pos- sessing various kinds of processes and technologies that will strengthen competitiveness
・Hire, retain and improve the capabilities of skilled workers
・Build a global procurement network to ensure a reli- able production structure and improve profitability
(2) Build a new supply chain that supports development of a diverse range of businesses
・Ally with a range of partners in non-construction businesses
・Strengthen supply chains and alliances at the region- al level to expand globally
(3) Build a flexible and agile group management structure
・Implement flexible group management that includes capital alliances and M&A and strengthen governance ・Build a structure that enables flexible use and reallo-
cation of group talent
Conducting BCP Drills to Prepare for
an Earthquake Directly Beneath the Greater Tokyo Area
As the types of natural disasters become more varied and increase in duration and intensity, we must consid- er responses to risks that were not foreseen in conven- tional business continuity planning (BCP). Shimizu also revised its BCP to respond to such new risks, and con- ducted a company-wide BCP emergency drill on March 11, 2019 based on the scenario of an earthquake di- rectly beneath the Greater Tokyo Area. The scenario of the drill was a magnitude 8 earthquake with a seismic intensity of 7 occurring at 2:00 am under the northern part of Tokyo Bay. In the scenario, the area surround- ing the head office suffered catastrophic damage and headquarter functions had become inoperable. It was determined that establishing an emergency response headquarters at the head office would be impossible in such conditions, so an alternate headquarters was tem- porarily established at the Kansai Branch in Chuo-ku, Osaka, and directed company-wide response activities until head office functions were restored. As was the case in previous drills, the safety of employees was con-
Provides information on risks
[Meet regularly, and as needed]
Debate and decide on how to handle individual risks when they emerge, how to prevent recurrence, etc.
Provides information on risks
firmed and information on damage to Shimizu facilities, job sites, and customer facilities was collected as part of the drill response. A new part of the drill in which the Kansai Branch took over the head office functions of wage payment and processing of customer payments was also conducted until it was handed back to a func- tioning Tokyo office three days later. We will continue these drills in the future to strengthen our ability to re- spond in an emergency.
Back-up emergency response headquarters established in the Kansai Branch
 57 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 58
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
Audit Dept.

 Remarks by External Directors
  Tamotsu Iwamoto
Director
April 1974 : July 2001 : June 2005 : June 2009 : June 2011 : June 2015 :
June 2017 : June 2017 :
June 2019 :
Joined Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
President of Ajinomoto Vietnam Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer of Ajinomoto Co., Ltd. and General Manager of the Human Resources Dept.
Member of the Board & Corporate Vice President, Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Member of the Board & Corporate Sr. Vice President, Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Representative Director & Corporate Executive Deputy President, Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Advisor (full-time), Ajinomoto Co., Inc. (current position)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, House Foods Group Inc. head office (current position)
Director, Shimizu Corporation (current position)
Hatsuhito Kaneko
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (full-time)
April 1979 : June 2006 : October 2006 :
June 2008 :
June 2009 : June 2011 : June 2012 :
June 2013 : June 2015 : June 2016 : June 2017 :
Joined Mitsubishi Trust Bank
General Manager, Retail Planning Division, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Executive Officer, Retail Banking Business Unit, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Executive Officer, Kyoto Branch Manager and Kyoto Central Branch Manager, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Managing Executive Officer, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation Senior Managing Executive Officer, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Director and Deputy President, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation Representative Director and Chairman, Mitsubishi UFJ Real Estate Services Co., Ltd. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Mitsubishi Paper Mills Limited
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Shimizu Corporation (full-time, current position)
  Dedication to the corporate credo will enable ongoing growth and the enhancement of corporate value
Shimizu formulated SHIMZ VISION 2030 this year as the long-term term vision of the group and shared its aspiration for next 10 years.
It also elevated The Analects and the Abacus, which Shimizu has long regarded as its basic principles, to the status of the corporate credo.
I think that the most essential key to governance of the Shimizu Group is to make The Analects and the Abacus, which talks about the compatibility of ethics and economics, the unchanging essence of Shimizu and implement every day as we work to achieve the long-term vision.
Dedication to the credo will enable the ongoing growth of the group and should lead to greater enhancement of corporate value. I look forward to making use of every opportunity to make this an established practice in the Shimizu Group.
A healthy corporate culture is the foundation for enhancing corporate value
A corporation is a social entity and must establish and operate a system of appropriate internal controls appropriately in order to manage business properly. I think that having a healthy corporate culture that begins with ethical business activities is a necessary prerequisite for an internal control system to function effectively.
Shimizu has designated The Analects and the Abacus, which talks about the compatibility of ethics and economics, as its corporate credo, and has a good corporate culture that is rooted in sincere craftsmanship. The long-term vision that was recently announced outlines a path to growth and establishes a plan for increasing the percentage of profits from non-construction businesses and from overseas for the entire Shimizu Group. To achieve these goals, the company anticipates the need for new skills and for integration of talent who speak different lan- guages and have different customs. I look forward to seeing the entire company working to instill the credo and management principles in this diverse group, maintaining a healthy corporate culture, and working to achieve the 10 year vision.
  Aya Murakami
Director
April 1977 : April 1996 : July 1998 :
January 2001 : August 2003 : December 2006 : April 2011 :
June 2015 :
Joined the Ministry of Labor
Director of Women’s Welfare Division, Women’s Bureau, Ministry of Labor
Member of Long-term Care Insurance Promotion Office, Director of Welfare Promotion for the Elderly Division, Health and Welfare Bureau for the Elderly, Ministry of Health and Welfare
Director of Promotion Division, Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office Director-General, Saitama Labour Bureau, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare Managing Director, Japan Institute for Women’s Empowerment & Diversity Management Professor, Department of Law, Faculty of Law, Teikyo University (current position) Director, Shimizu Corporation (current position)
Tetsuya Nishikawa
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (part-time)
April 1972 : August 1989 :
April 1993 : March 1998 : January 2007 : August 2009 : November 2011 : December 2011 : January 2012 : May 2013 :
June 2013 :
June 2014 : December 2018 :
Joined the National Policy Agency
Head of Investigation Dept. II, Criminal Investigation Bureau, Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department
Chief, Wakayama Prefectural Police Headquarters
Chief, Niigata Prefectural Police Headquarters
Private Secretary of the Minister of Defense, Ministry of Defense
Assistant Chief Cabinet Secretary
Advisor to Sonpo Japan Insurance Inc. (now Sonpo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.) Registered as an attorney
Joined Kasahara Law Office (current position)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, SEKIDO Co., Ltd. (current position) Outside Director, LAC Co., Ltd. (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (part-time), Shimizu Corporation (current position) Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Soken Co., Ltd. (current position)
  The importance of creating a system and culture that effectively utilizes talent
Four years have passed since I became an external director. During this time, the discussions by the Board of Directors have become more energetic, a discretionary Executive Nominating Committee has been established, and progress has been made on the disclosure of information. I have been mainly involved in various policies concerning labor in my work thus far, so I would like to put this experience to use in providing advice and overseeing management, to the best of my abilities.
Moving forward, Shimizu aims to become a Smart Innovation Company and will strive to establish new revenue bases and accelerate global development. This will require systematic development of highly skilled talent who will be responsible for achieving these goals. The creation of a workplace culture that encourages frank and pen exchange of opinions will also enable the satisfaction of all employees so they can fully use their capabilities.
I look forward to greater utilization of the expertise from outside the company and incorporating a diverse range of ideas to create value that exceeds the expectations of society.
Achieving corporate management that reflects history and tradition
Shimizu was founded in 1804 and has a history that stretches back 215 years. With the timeless Analects and the Abacus as its basic principles, the company has overcome difficulties in each era, built wonderful traditions and a stellar track record. This year, Shimizu elevated and posi- tioned The Analects and the Abacus as its corporate credo, and is using it as a guide in taking on the challenges of the turbulent modern era. I believe that taking on the right challenges to respond to the changing times is precisely what provides the source of energy to make the company healthy and vital. Amid this change and as an audit & supervisory board member and independent officer who has been delegated such authority by shareholders, I would like to actively use all of the knowledge and information I possess to perform appropriate audits of the legality and appropriateness of the performance of duties by directors and other executives for shareholders and the diverse range of stakeholders. I would like to work to ensure strict compliance and contribute to implementing corporate management with flexible and sustainable governance.
    59 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 60
Mayumi Tamura
Director
April 1983 :
July 2002 : December 2004 : June 2007 :
May 2010 :
June 2015 : June 2017 :
June 2017 : June 2019 :
Joined Sony Corporation
Executive Officer, JohnsonDiversey Inc. (now CxS Corporation)
CFO, adidas Japan K.K.
Executive Officer, Sr. Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Seiyu Group (now Seiyu GK)
Concurrent position as Executive Officer, Sr. Vice President, and CFO, Wal-Mart Japan Holdings (now Wal-Mart Japan Holdings K.K.)
Honda Motor Co., Ltd., Corporate Auditor
Honda Motor Co., Ltd., Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (current position)
Director, Hitachi High-Technologies Corporation (current position) Director, Shimizu Corporation (current position)
Kaoru Ishikawa
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (part-time)
April 1972 : September 2002 :
January 2005 : January 2007 : June 2010 : April 2013 : June 2013 : April 2014 : May 2014 : June 2015 : June 2016 : June 2017 :
Joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan
International Community Cooperation Dept., Foreign Policy Bureau, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan
Economic Affairs Bureau, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Resident Ambassador Extraordinary & Plenipotentiary in Egypt Resident Ambassador Extraordinary & Plenipotentiary in Canada Resigned from the ministry
Executive Director, The Japan Forum on International Relations, Inc.
Specially Appointed Professor, Kawamura Gakuen Women’s University (current position) Director, Kawamura Gakuen (current position)
Director, The Society for Promotion of Japanese Diplomacy (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (part-time), Shimizu Corporation (current position) Outside Director, SMK Corporation (current position)
Contributing to society by maintaining constant principles and providing new value
Shimizu has designated The Analects and the Abacus as its corporate credo and has a history of passing on the spirit that these teachings represent. I want Shimizu to remain a company that maintains constant principles amid a rapidly changing market environment, that consistently provides new value that is useful to customers and the community, that earns the trust of the community and stakeholders, and that is a company that employees can be proud of.
As an independent external director with professional expertise in corporate management, I would like to monitor management and give advice from a medium to long-term perspective while participating actively in debates by the Board of Directors to make it possible to achieve sustained growth and enhancement of corporate value as Shimizu works to achieve its long-term vision. I would also like to obtain information and communicate with corporate officers executive functions and contribute to highly transparent and effective corporate governance.
Reflecting on The Analects and Abacus as the Corporate Credo
Shimizu today reflects the spirit and active implementation of The Analects and the Abacus, which contains the teachings of the venerable Eiichi Shibusawa. The things that Eiichi Shibusawa taught, such as the compatibility of ethics and economics and helping those who are less fortunate, are teachings that remain relevant to the global community in the 21st century. The heads of many countries have pledged to achieve the Sus- tainable Development Goals (SDGs) set forth by the UN General Assembly, based on the philosophy of leaving no one behind, by extending a hand to those who are less fortunate, developing communities where people can live sustainably, working to ensure widespread availability of safe water and sanitation, and by protecting the environment. In a lecture he delivered in Hiroshima in May 2016, then President Obama asserted that scientific innovations should be accompanied by ethical revolution.
When I thought about a better world and reflected on the past, I realized that many of the World Heritage sites in various countries were the great works of our predecessors in construction and civil engineering. In that moment, I renewed my resolve to do my best to uphold one part of the work that we can proudly pass on to our children, no matter how difficult or large.
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Connecting the Past with Technology of the Future
Relocation of the Former Shibusawa Residence,
the Only Existing Structure Built by Kisuke Shimizu II
In the Spring of 2020, Shimizu will begin construction of a large innovation center with total floor space of around 20,000 m2 in Shiomi, Koto-ku, Tokyo. It is scheduled for completion in March 2022. The facilities to be built will include a main building, which will be used for open innovation and communication, a research facility for production innovations like construction robots, structures, and materials, a hands-on training facility, and a historical museum.
As part of this plan, Shimizu will also relocate and preserve the former Shibusawa residence, built by Kisuke Shimizu II, the second head of the company, from the town of Rokunohe in Aomori Prefecture. This wooden structure was completed in 1878 as a home for Eiichi Shibusawa, who served as an advi- sor to our company during the Meiji and Taisho periods. It is the only construction work of Kisuke Shimizu II that still exists. It is part of our cultural heritage and a tangible example of Shimizu`s DNA which we will preserve and integrate with the history museum.
  61 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Former Shibusawa residence which was located in the town of Rokunohe in Aomori Prefecture (now completely dismantled) (Photo provided by Naruphoto)
 List of External Awards Received
59th BCS Awards
28th BELCA Awards (Best Reform Award)
   Kochi Castle Museum of History (Construction: Shimizu Corporation; Design: Nihon Sekkei, Inc.; Photo: Inazumi Photography Studio)
2018 JSCE Award
Tanaka Award, Reconstruction category
Widening method for urban expressway (Nishi-Semba Junction)
List of Other Awards Received
Fiscal 2018 JSCE Awards
Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement Award, Group I
Fiscal 2018 JSCE Awards
Tanaka Award, Reconstruction category
Fiscal 2018 JSCE Awards Innovative Technique Award
The Society of Heating,
Air-Conditioning and Sanitary Engineers of Japan (SHASE) 56th Technology Award, Construction Equipment Division
SHASE
32nd Promotion Awards, Technology Promotion Awards
A.C.E.J. Cogeneration Grand Prize 2018, Director’s Award in the R&D Division
53rd JGS Awards, Excellent research paper presentation award
8th Robot Award, Excellence Award (Business & Community Installation Division)
10th ENAA Engineering Commendation Award, Special Award 38th ENAA Engineering Worker Award
The Society of Heating, Air-Conditioning and Sanitary Engineers of Japan (SHASE) 2018, Uichi Inouye Memorial Awards, Uichi Inoue Award
UNESCO Asia-Pacific Heritage Awards for
Cultural Heritage Conservation 2018, Merit Award
Japan Resilience Award 2018 Toshihiro Nikai, Special Advisor Award
Fiscal 2018 JCMA Awards, Excellence Award
1st Japan Construction International Award (Construction Project Division)
17th Green roof & wall technology competition
Minister of the Environment Award: Walls and special greening division
17th Green roof & wall technology competition
Organization for Landscape & Urban Green Infrastructure Chairman’s Award: Walls and special greening division
21st National Technology Development Awards, Excellence Award
 Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement Award, Group I
Labor/saving for construction of the “Large Section Box Calvert” by the “Hybrid Half Pre-casting Method”: At the A-ramps for turn off of Keiyo Junction in Tokyo-Gaikan Expressway
Meidi-ya Kyobashi Building
(Design & construction: Shimizu Corporation;
Joint design: UA architects)
   Name of Award
 Project Receiving the Award
 Large-scale construction project involving a railroad switch in a Terminal Station involving ex- tremely complicated and difficult constraints (a 46-hour continuous work period by stopping trains. – The first railroad switch of JR Shibuya Station Improvement Project)
Miyamasu Overroad Bridge Rebuild (Saikyo-Nobori Line)
Development of the Subsurface Utilities Visualization System “Shimz AR Eye Subsurface View”
Juntendo Hospital, Building B: Metropolitan Medico-Arch Project
Urban high-rise hospital incorporating the connection between medical care and construction
Air conditioning and sanitation equipment for Bell-land General Hospital, Seichokai OASE Shibaura, smart community built in an existing urban area
Chubu University smart eco-campus: a proof-of-concept model of a smart community
Development of a system that uses CO2-free hydrogen energy to achieve optimal management of electricity and heat
Long-term ground subsidence occurred in Urayasu City in Chiba Prefecture due to the 2011 East Japan earthquake
Development of a new processing technology for drainage of water containing selenium Research on methods of rapid measurement of soil-cement strength of the grounded section in pile construction methods using previously manufactured pilings
Shimz Smart Site
Technology development project team for Processing and storage of removed soil, etc.
Project team that installed the connecting line between Kotake-mukaihara and Senkawa on the Tokyo Subway Yurakucho Line
Contribution to technology development, planning, design, and educational activities in the area of air conditioning equipment and environment
Old Warehouse of the Commercial Bank of Honjo
Resilience that begins in the forest: Kawabamura Green Value Program
Development of the Subsurface Utilities Visualization System “Shimz AR Eye subsurface view” Pahang-Selango Raw Water Transfer Tunnel Project
Fukutoku Shrine and Fukutoku Garden Yokohama Nomura Building “Green Radiator ”
Automatic dam concrete pouring system
Completely automated system for manufacturing, transporting, and pouring dam concrete
                                     Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 62
        ®
ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Contributing to Society
Independent Opinion
 Shimizu’s Social Contribution Activities ■ Basic Principles of Social Contribution Activities
Shimizu has established four key areas of focus for corporate activities based on the basic principles noted above. They are: Global environment, Education, Culture & Art, and Social Inclu- sion. We actively implement initiatives that contribute to local communities.
We agree with the intent of the Japan Business Federation’s 1% Club, and target a voluntary contribution of roughly 1% of our ordinary income for use in social contribution activities. In fiscal 2018, our social contribution activities was 0.77% of non-consolidated ordinary income (¥940 million*/ of ¥121.1 billion).
* Includes the activities of the Shimizu Foundation, Housing Research Foun- dation JUSOKEN, and the Shimizu Scholarship Foundation, organizations which Shimizu is heavily involved in.
This is MECENAT 2019 Certification for Shimizu Open Academy
The Shimizu Open Academy is a public lecture series de- signed to communicate the joy of craftsmanship to youth and the general public. To date, more than 50,000 people have participated, and in fiscal 2018 we celebrated the 10th anniver- sary of the academy. The Association for Corporate Support of the Arts has recognized Shimizu Open Academy activities and certified it for `This is MECENAT 2019`.
Shimizu Open Academy activities do not end at the borders of Japan; we have held academies in 8 countries overseas thus far, mainly in Southeast Asia. We select topics in which Japan is a technology leader, such as seismic isolation and control and energy-saving technol-
ogies to introduce overseas students to Japanese con- struction technology.
Lecture at Bandung Institute of Technology, in Indonesia
Shimizu Volunteer Academy to Expand the Circle of Volunteers
Shimizu Volunteer Academy was founded in 2015 to train and develop volunteers through classroom-based and hands- on learning to have the knowledge to support people with disabilities and adaptive sports activities. We began offering it as an industry and academia jointly sponsored course at Hi- roshima University in 2018 to give a broader audience deeper understanding of people with disabilities.
An overseas exchange student experiences a wheelchair
Special Sponsor of Dialogue in Silence
Shimizu`s social inclusion activities promote an inclusive so- ciety in which everyone, including the elderly, people with disabilities, and foreigners can live meaningful lives and have a sense of purpose in their work.
The Dialogue Japan Society holds Dialogue in Silence events in which people can experience dialogue in a world of silence, without using sound or words, to overcome the wall of words. Shimizu has been a special sponsor of these events since fiscal 2017.
Executive Officer, Deputy Chief Research Officer, Chief Manager of Sustainability Management Office, Corporate Planning & Coordination Department
Development Bank of Japan, Inc.
Keisuke Takegahara
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 reflects the critical junctures of SHIMZ VISION 2030, the new long-term vision, and Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023), formulated as the first phase of the long-term vision. Both the structure and content of the report differ substantially from previous reports. What impressed me most was the effort to clearly outline the vision the Shimizu Group is targeting over the long term, based on the com- pany’s targets in the long-term vision for 2030, which is also the target date for achieving the UN`s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Shimizu has defined the value it cre- ates in business with the keywords “resilient,” “inclusive,” and “sustainable.” There is also a strong Message from the President, where he talks about the revenue structure the company is working to achieve in 2030. Shimizu’s strategy of transitioning to a new busi- ness model that adds non-construction businesses as growth drivers in addition to the current main domestic construction business over the long term, despite a forecast of continued robust demand, suggests sustainability of the business model, which is a re- quirement in the world of ESG-based investment. I think the report discloses information in a timely manner. Shimizu has also set forth the concept of being a Smart Innovation Company, a key concept that is a continuous theme amid such changes. The emphasis on innovation clearly expresses Shimizu’s position of focusing on the long-term perspec- tive, and I feel that the report creates a sense of continuity by providing cases of initia- tives in value creation in the second half that are consistent with this concept.
Moreover the value that the Shimizu Group provides society, which the Message from the President touches on, is clear in recognizing problems and providing a solution which are explained through examples. The report states that “resilient,” “inclusive,” and “sustainable” are the three pillars that support the new long-term vision. In other words, the content is excellent and Shimizu communicates the outlook for 2030, in a manner that is easy to understand.
The sense of cohesiveness throughout the entire report has been strengthened, and Shimizu has succeeded in skillfully paring down the number of pages substantially with- out making it seem too short. I feel that the quality of this report has definitely improved.
What I look forward to in the next report is digging deeper into the new concepts incorporated in this report. To be more specific, I would first like to see a storyline that better fleshes out the connection between the long-term vision, which is the launching pad for backcasting, and the Mid-Term Management Plan, which represents Phase 1. I think it would be more persuasive if Shimizu related the development of non-construc- tion businesses as the growth drivers for 2030 to the three pillars as part of this. I also think there is value in considering additional KPIs, which are now centered mainly on the construction business, to maintain consistency with this storyline.
I also look forward to more in-depth information on innovation, which is the keyword of the long-term vision. The Message from the President stresses the importance of open innovation, but I think it would make a stronger impression on readers if there were specific examples to reinforce this. I also think that expressing Shimizu’s response to rapid development of advanced technologies, digitalization, and other so-called dis- ruptive innovations would probably answer the concerns of many readers. Finally, as person who was strongly attracted to the faces of the craftsmen and other Shimizu em- ployees in your company report, I also recommend focusing on people. I look forward to greater development of the report going forward.
Thank you for your opinion.
This fiscal year we made substan- tial changes to the design and structure of the report aligned with the formulation of a new long-term vision and Mid-Term Management Plan. We took care to create a readable report with fewer pages to give all stakeholders a better un- derstanding of the Shimizu Group.
We will reflect the elements you pointed out in this year’s report, in next year’s report; specifically, to flesh out the storyline that con- nects the long-term vision to the Mid-Term Management Plan, dis- close more in-depth information on innovation, and focus on people.
 As a corporate citizen, we actively contribute to society and local communities to create an abundant earth and future society to enable all people
to lead happy lives, based on the philosophy expressed in our corporate credo, The Analects and the Abacus, and our corporate message,
Today’s Work, Tomorrow’s Heritage.
     63 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 64
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Global Network
 Domestic
   Overseas
65 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Dubai
Hanoi
Bangkok Vientiane
Queretaro
Dhaka Yangon
Manila Singapore
Head Office: Tokyo
Branches
Hokkaido (Sapporo city) Tohoku (Sendai city) Hokuriku (Kanazawa city) Kanto (Saitama city)
Tokyo (Tokyo, Chuo-ku) Yokohama (Yokohama city) Chiba (Chiba city)
Nagoya (Nagoya city) Kansai (Osaka city)
Kobe (Kobe city)
Shikoku (Takamatsu city) Hiroshima (Hiroshima city) Kyushu (Fukuoka city) Tokyo Civil Engineering
 Bangalore
Kuala Lumpur
Jakarta
26
Main Branches
Offices
14
cities
76
cities
 London
Wroclaw Prague
Istanbul
Lusaka
Tashkent
Gurgaon
Dalian
Shanghai
Guangzhou
Taipei Hong Kong
New York Atlanta
The Shimizu group has established regular offices in
cities
 Corporate Information / Investor Information (as of march 31, 2019) Corporate Information
 Corporate Name
 Date of Establishment
 Common Stock
 Total Employees (consolidated)
 Main Business
 Net Sales (consolidated)
   SHIMIZU CORPORATION
1804
¥74.3 billion (as of March 31, 2019) 16,184 (as of March 31, 2019)
Construction, civil engineering, and other contracted projects, including machine installation; research, planning, geological surveys, land surveys, design, and administration of construction projects; sales, purchases, leasing, brokering, management, and appraisal of real estate properties; building, selling, leasing, and managing residential buildings and other properties; development and sales of vacant land
      Investor Information
¥1,664.9 billion (FY 2018)
1,500,000,000
788,514,613
Tokyo Stock Exchange Part 1 1803 Nagoya Stock Exchange Part 1 1803
52,573
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
 Total Number of Shares Authorized
 Total Number of Shares Outstanding
 Exchanges Listed on
 Number of Shareholders
 Transfer Agent
        Major Shareholders
SHIMIZU & CO., LTD
61,336 7.80
59,844 7.61
44,813 5.70
38,595 4.91
17,420 2.22
16,197 2.06
16,158 2.06
13,442 1.71
12,558 1.60
10,564 1.34
 Shareholder
 Shares held(thousands)
 Percentage of total(%)
   The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
The SHIMIZU FOUNDATION
HOUSING RESEARCH FOUNDATION JYUSO-KEN
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Employee’s Stock Ownership Plan
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 4)
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Ltd.
Note : “Percentage of total” is calculated excluding 2,625,330 shares of treasury stock.
Shareholders Ratio (Percentage of owned shares)
Financial institutions
Financial instruments brokers
Other corporations
Foreign corporations and others 20.40% Individuals and others 19.01%
                    35.45% 1.75% 23.39%
     Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 66
      ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Financial Section
69 Consolidated Balance Sheet
71 Consolidated Statement of Income
72 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
73 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
74 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
75 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
102 Independent Auditor’s Report
Supplemental Information
103 Nonconsolidated Balance Sheet
105 Nonconsolidated Statement of Income
106 Orders, Sales and Backlog (Nonconsolidated)
                      67 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 68
 ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Consolidated Balance Sheet
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries As at March 31, 2019
ASSETS Current Assets:
Cash (Notes 9 and 10.2))
Notes and accounts receivable−trade (Note 10.2))
Marketable securities (Notes 9, 10.2) and 11)
Real estate for sale (Note 4.2))
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts (Notes 4.2) and 5.3)) Costs on uncompleted real estate development projects (Note 4.2)) PFI projects and other inventories (Notes 4.2) and 5.3))
Other current assets
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Non-Current Assets:
Tangible fixed assets:
Buildings and structures
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures Land (Note 5.1))
Construction in progress
Less: Accumulated depreciation
Total tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets
Investments and other assets:
Investment securities (Notes 5.2), 5.3), 10.2) and 11) Deferred tax assets (Note 4.17) and 14)
Other investments (Note 5.2))
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥196,158 503,380 145,150
19,228 77,779 26,502 47,969 89,275
(867)
1,104,578
181,675 62,830 157,173 6,014
(141,903)
265,790
6,081
387,102 2,187 17,270
(2,067)
404,492
676,365
¥ 1,780,943
Millions of Yen
¥150,978 641,061 79,000 24,722 79,069 20,577 53,750 97,801
(1,060)
1,145,901
184,009 66,721 165,454 34,532
(150,869)
299,847
7,948
387,746 2,563 18,769
(1,983)
407,095
714,892
¥1,860,794
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$1,362,866 5,786,799 713,125 223,171 713,753 185,752 485,202 882,843
(9,571)
10,343,942
1,661,032 602,286 1,493,540 311,721
(1,361,882)
2,706,697
71,753
3,500,150 23,139 169,428
(17,906)
3,674,811
6,453,262
$16,797,205
 2018
2019
2019
         69 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 Financial Section
 2018
2019
2019
LIABILITIES Current Liabilities:
Notes and accounts payable−trade (Note 10.2))
Short-term borrowings (Notes 10.2) and 20)
Current portion of non-recourse borrowings (Notes 5.3), 10.2) and 20) Current portion of bonds payable (Notes 10.2) and 19)
Current portion of non-recourse bonds payable (Notes 5.3), 10.2) and 19) Income taxes payable
Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts
Deposits received
Warranty reserve
Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process Reserve for directors’ bonuses
Reserve for loss on anti-monopoly act (Note 4.8))
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities:
Bonds payable (Notes 10.2) and 19)
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares   (Notes 10.2), 18.1) and 19)
Non-recourse bonds payable (Notes 5.3), 10.2) and 19) Long-term borrowings (Notes 10.2) and 20) Non-recourse borrowings (Notes 5.3), 10.2) and 20) Deferred tax liabilities (Note 4.17) and 14)
Deferred tax liabilities for revaluation reserve for land (Note 5.1)) Net defined benefit liability (Note 13)
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
NET ASSETS
Shareholders’ Equity:
Common stock, no par value
Authorized: 1,500,000 thousand shares
Issued: 788,514 thousand shares as at March 31, 2018 and 2019 Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Less: Treasury stock, at cost 3,964 thousand shares as at March 31, 2019 Less: Treasury stock, at cost 3,961 thousand shares as at March 31, 2018
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes (Note 11) Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes (Note 12)
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes (Note 5.1))
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling Interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥377,469 130,381 6,472 10,000 879 20,897 113,053 113,278 2,887 11,378 − 2,000 25,601
814,299
60,000
30,076 14,060 51,673 34,722 26,887 17,711 57,385 17,797
310,314
1,124,613
74,365
43,116 366,805 −
(1,606)
482,680
149,282 (264)
25,984 (937) (5,893)
168,171
5,478
656,330
¥1,780,943
Millions of Yen
¥354,466 121,179 7,432 20,000 879 31,609 145,533 114,044 3,209 8,175 267 1,820 29,250
837,868
40,000
30,046 13,180 49,520 37,161 24,781 17,659 55,873 19,459
287,683
1,125,551
74,365
43,116 443,802
(1,609) –
559,674
150,079 (54)
25,864 (1,955) (4,193)
169,741
5,826
735,242
¥1,860,794
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$3,199,733 1,093,875 67,091 180,538 7,942 285,335 1,313,714 1,029,465 28,975 73,801 2,412 16,428 264,040
7,563,356
361,076
271,224 118,978 447,020 335,451 223,702 159,408 504,366 175,657
2,596,887
10,160,244
671,288
389,208 4,006,160
(14,529) –
5,052,128
1,354,754 (489)
233,476 (17,653) (37,852)
1,532,236
52,596
6,636,961
$16,797,205
            Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 70
 
Consolidated Statement of Income
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2019
Net Sales:
Construction contracts (Notes 4.11) and 6.1)) Real estate development and other
Cost of Sales:
Construction contracts (Notes 4.11) and 6.2)) Real estate development and other (Note 6.3))
Gross profit:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (Note 6.4))
Operating income
Non-Operating Income (Expenses):
Interest and dividend income Interest expenses
Other, net
Ordinary income Special Gains (Losses):
Gain on sales of fixed assets (Note 6.6))
Loss on sales of fixed assets (Note 6.7))
Loss on devaluation of investment securities Provision for loss on anti-monopoly act (Note 4.8))
Income before income taxes Provision for Income Taxes (Note 14):
Current Deferred
Net Income
Net Income attributable to non-controlling interests
Net Income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥1,354,583 164,851
1,519,435
1,172,603 143,414
1,316,018
181,980 21,436
203,417 82,043
121,373
6,080 (2,452) (870)
124,130
6,255 (2)
(55) (2,000)
128,326
36,633 6,555
43,188
85,137 159
¥84,978
Millions of Yen
¥1,504,636 160,324
1,664,960
1,307,825 140,489
1,448,315
196,811 19,834
216,645 86,921
129,724
6,556 (2,418)
96
133,957
9,342 (78) (2)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$13,582,206 1,447,230
15,029,436
11,805,607 1,268,187
13,073,795
1,776,598 179,042
1,955,640 784,634
1,171,005
59,180 (21,833)
869
1,209,222
84,335 (707) (24)
 2018
2019
2019
        ––
 143,219
47,429 (4,315)
43,113
1,292,825
428,143 (38,957)
389,185
  100,105 903,640 436 3,940
¥99,668 $899,699
  71 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2019
Net Income
Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
Foreign currency translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive Income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Shareholders of the Corporation Non-controlling interests
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥85,137
16,467 (123) (141)
2,602 (141)
18,664 ¥103,802
¥103,454 348
Millions of Yen
¥100,105
819
180 (1,073)
1,640 60
1,627
¥101,732
¥101,357 374
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$903,640
7,393
1,627 (9,685)
14,805 548
14,689
$918,329
$914,947 3,382
Financial Section
 2018
2019
2019
        Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 72
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2019
    Shareholders’Equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Balance as at April 1, 2017
Cash dividends paid (¥31.00 per share)
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation for the year
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, at cost
Increase or decrease of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes other than shareholders’ equity
Balance as at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends paid (¥29.00 per share)
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation for the year
Reversal of revaluation reserve forland,netoftaxes
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, at cost
defined benefit plans
¥(8,522)
–
– – – –
2,629 ¥(5,893)
controlling Total net interests assets
¥5,105 ¥576,879
– (24,362)
– 84,978 – 60 – (13) – –
372 18,788 ¥5,478 ¥656,330
Changes other than shareholders’ equity
Balance as at March 31, 2019
Balance as at April 1, 2018
Cash dividends paid (¥29.00 per share)
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation for the year
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, at cost
Increase or decrease of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Changes other than shareholders’ equity
Balance as at March 31, 2019
– – – –797209(119)
Additional Common paid-in stock capital
¥74,365 ¥43,116
– –
– – – – – 0 – – – –
¥74,365 ¥43,116 – –
Retained earnings
¥306,128
(24,362)
84,978 60 – – –
¥366,805 (22,790)
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other Treasury securities, stock net of taxes
¥(1,592) ¥132,894
– –
– –
– – (13) – – – – 16,388
¥(1,606) ¥149,282 – –
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
¥(20)
–
– – – –
(243) ¥(264)
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
¥26,044
–
– – – –
(60) ¥25,984
Foreign currency translation adjustments
¥(638)
–
– – – –
(299) ¥(937)
Millions of Yen
Remeasure-
ments of Non-
 –––––
(22,790)
– – ––119–––––––119 –0–(3)––––––(3)
Increase or decrease of shares
of consolidated subsidiaries – – – – – – –
– (1,017)
¥(1,955)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
$(8,466)
–
– – – –
(9,187)
– 1,699
¥(4,193)
99,668
– –
99,668
– – 348 1,918
¥5,826 ¥735,242
–––––
 ¥74,365
Common stock
$671,288
–
–
–
–
–
–
$671,288
¥43,116
Additional paid-in capital
¥443,802
Retained earnings
¥(1,609)
Treasury stock
¥150,079
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
¥(54)
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
$(2,384)
–
– – – –
1,895
$(489)
¥25,864
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
$234,556
–
– – – –
(1,079)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars(Note 2)
     Shareholders’Equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 $389,208 $3,311,112
$(14,500) $1,347,560
– –
– –
– –
(29) –
– –
– 7,194
$(14,529) $1,354,754
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
$(53,197)
–
– – – –
15,344
$(37,852)
Non-
controlling Total net
interests assets
$49,449 $5,924,625
–
–
–
0
–
–
(205,730)
899,699
1,079
–
–
–
–
– – – –
3,147
(205,730)
899,699
1,079
(28)
–
17,315
 $389,208 $4,006,160
$233,476 $(17,653)
$52,596 $6,636,961
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
The Corporation Law of Japan provides that an amount equal to 10% of the amount to be disbursed as distribution of capital surplus (other than the capital reserve) and retained earnings (other than the legal reserve) be transferred to the capital reserve and legal reserve, respectively, until the sum of the capital reserve and the legal reserve equals 25% of the capital stock account. Such distributions can be made at any time by resolution of the shareholders, or by the Board of Directors if certain conditions are met.
73 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2019
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Income before income taxes Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase (decrease) in reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability Loss (gain) on sales of fixed assets
Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
(Increase) decrease in notes and accounts receivable—trade
(Increase) decrease in real estate for sale
(Increase) decrease in costs on uncompleted construction contracts
(Increase) decrease in uncompleted real estate development projects
(Increase) decrease in PFI projects and other inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable—trade
Increase (decrease) in advances received on uncompleted construction contracts
Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Acquisition of tangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets
Acquisition of marketable securities and investment securities Proceeds from sales of marketable securities and investment securities Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings
Proceeds from non-recourse borrowings Repayments of non-recourse borrowings Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Redemption of bonds
Redemption of non-recourse bonds Dividends
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and Cash Equivalents at end of year
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥128,326
12,399 (130)
(1,630) 1,111
(134) 55
(6,116) (6,080) 2,452
(54,380) 20,600
(943) 3,111 4,063
(13,101)
19,713 5,793
115,113 6,654
(2,503) (36,384)
82,879
(30,640) 262
(6,906) 8,824 (2,480)
(30,938)
9,820
9,500 (22,848)
5,454 (7,793)
20,000 (15,000) (659) (24,362) (235)
(26,124) (460)
25,355 315,803
¥341,158
Millions of Yen
¥143,219
13,304 115
(3,199) 867 65 2
(9,329) (6,556) 2,418
(137,952) 6,206
(1,335) 5,924 (5,781)
(22,559)
32,792 (797)
17,405 7,196
(2,430) (37,104)
(14,933)
(58,719) 184
(4,686) 14,868
(4,298)
(52,652)
(6,282) 16,500
(22,035) 9,871
(6,472) –
(10,000) (879) (22,790) (315)
(42,404) (1,190)
(111,180) 341,158
¥229,978
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$1,292,825
120,094 1,041
(28,881) 7,829 590 24
(84,217) (59,180) 21,833
(1,245,283) 56,026
(12,056) 53,479 (52,189)
(203,638)
296,016 (7,199)
157,114 64,962
(21,942) (334,941)
(134,806)
(530,056) 1,663
(42,307) 134,215
(38,801)
(475,286)
(56,710) 148,943
(198,913) 89,110
(58,422) –
(90,269) (7,942) (205,730) (2,845)
(382,779) (10,743)
(1,003,615) 3,079,607
$2,075,991
Financial Section
 2018
2019
2019
         Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 74
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries
1. Basis of Presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared based on the accounts maintained by Shimizu Corporation (the “Corporation”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, which are differ- ent in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards, and are compiled from the consolidated financial statements prepared by the Corporation as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan.
2. U.S. Dollar Amounts
The accounts of consolidated financial statements presented herein are expressed in Japanese yen by rounding down to the nearest million. The U.S. dollar amounts shown in the accompanying con- solidated financial statements and notes thereto have been translated from the original Japanese yen into U.S. dollars on the basis of ¥110.78 to U.S.$1, the rate of exchange prevailing at March 31, 2019, and have been then rounded down to the nearest thousand. These U.S. dollar amounts are not intended to imply that the Japanese yen amounts have been or could be converted, realized or settled in U.S. dollars at this or any other rate.
3. Principles of Consolidation
1) Scope of Consolidation
The Corporation had 66 subsidiaries as at March 31, 2019. The consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2019 include the accounts of the Corporation and all subsidiaries.
The Corporation had 15 affiliates as at March 31, 2019. As at March 31, 2019, the equity method was applied to all affiliates.
2) Financial Statements of Subsidiaries
The financial year-end for 16 overseas subsidiaries and 3 domestic subsidiaries is December 31, and the financial year-end for one domestic subsidiary is March 26.
Consolidation of these subsidiaries is therefore performed by using their financial statements as at December 31 and March 26, respectively, and certain adjustments are made to reflect any sig- nificant transactions during the period from year-end balance sheet dates for these subsidiaries to March 31.
3) Amortization of Goodwill
Goodwill is principally amortized over a five-year period on a straight-line basis from the year of ac- quisition.
4) Elimination of Unrealized Intercompany Profits
All significant unrealized intercompany profits included in assets such as “Costs on uncompleted construction contracts” among the Group has been eliminated on consolidation and the portion thereof attributable to non-controlling interests is reported as “Non-controlling Interests.”
In connection with the elimination of unrealized intercompany profits, the depreciation expense is also adjusted to eliminate any profit from the cost of assets purchased through intercompany transactions.
4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
1) Valuation of Securities
The Group classifies securities into two different categories, held-to-maturity debt securities and other securities. The Group holds no trading securities. Held-to-maturity debt securities are valued at amortized cost. Other securities with market quotations are valued at the prevailing market price as at the balance sheet date. Other securities without market quotations are stated at cost, cost being determined by the moving average method. Net unrealized gains on other securities with market quotations are reported net of taxes as a separated component of “Net Assets” and the cost of sales is determined by the moving average method.
    75 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 2) Valuation of Inventories
Real estate for sale: At cost on an individual basis (The carrying value of inventories on the balance sheet is presented at book value after write-down for decline in earnings.)
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts: At cost on an individual basis
Costs on uncompleted real estate development projects: At cost on an individual basis (The carrying value of inventories on the balance sheet is presented at book value after write-down for decline in earnings.) PFI projects and other inventories: At cost on an individual basis or at cost, cost being determined by the moving average method (The carrying value of inventories on the balance sheet is presented at book value after write-down for decline in earnings.)
3) Depreciation Method for Tangible Fixed Assets
Depreciation for tangible fixed assets (excluding leased assets) is computed by the declining balance method, at rates based on the estimated useful lives of the assets. Some subsidiaries use the straight-line method.
4) Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
For receivables classified as “normal,” the allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on a historical default ratio. For receivables classified as “doubtful” or “bankrupt,” the allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on individual assessment on the probability of collection.
5) Warranty Reserve
An allowance to cover the costs of repairs for damages related to completed construction work for which the Group is responsible is provided based on previous warranty experience.
6) Reserve for Expected Losses on Construction Contracts in Process
An allowance is provided for estimated future losses related to the construction contracts in process.
7) Reserve for Directors’ Bonuses
An allowance is provided for bonus payment to directors based on payment estimates.
8) Reserve for Loss on Anti-Monopoly Act
An allowance is provided for an estimated amount of payment of penalties, etc., under the Anti-monopoly Act.
9) Accounting Method for Retirement Benefits
Net defined benefit liability has been recorded mainly at the amount calculated based on the pro- jected benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets as at the balance sheet date.
Method of attributing the projected benefit obligations to periods of service: Benefit formula basis Method used for amortization of actuarial gain or loss: Straight-line method (10 years - amortized from the following financial year)
Method used for amortization of prior service cost: Straight-line method (10 years)
Adoption of simplified methods in the Group: Some consolidated subsidiaries apply a simplified  method to compute their net defined benefit liability and retirement benefit expenses.
10) Accounting for Hedging
Hedging instruments are valued at fair value and accounted by using the deferral method of ac- counting. With regard to some interest rate swaps which meet certain requirements, the Group uses the special treatment, based on the short-cut method, assuming that there is no ineffective- ness in the hedging relationship between hedged items and hedging instruments.
Hedging instruments: Derivative transactions (interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts) Hedged items: Assets and liabilities which are exposed to interest and foreign exchange market         fluctuation risks
Hedging policy: Derivative transactions are used solely for hedging the risks associated with         existing or future assets and liabilities.
        Derivative transactions are never entered into for the purpose of trading or speculation.
11) Recognizing Revenues and Costs of Construction Contracts
Revenues and costs of construction contracts, of which the percentage of completion can be reliably estimated, are recognized by the percentage-of-completion method. The percentage of completion is calculated based on the cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost. The completed-contract method is applied to all other construction contracts.
Financial Section
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 76
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
77 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
12) Consumption Taxes
Consumption taxes payable or receivable are excluded from each account in the consolidated statements of income.
13) Foreign Currency Translation
The balance sheet of overseas subsidiaries is translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date except for shareholders’ equity which is translated at historical rates. The revenues and expenses of overseas subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date.
Differences arising from such translations are shown as “Foreign currency translation adjustments” and are included in “Net Assets.”
14) Cash Flows
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows consist of cash on hand, bank deposits payable on demand, time deposits, negotiable certificate of deposits, etc., which are readily convertible into cash and subject to minor risks of fluctuations in value.
15) Income Taxes
Income taxes of the Corporation and its domestic subsidiaries consist of corporate income taxes, local inhabitants’ taxes and enterprise taxes.
The Corporation and its domestic subsidiaries account for deferred taxes in accordance with the reg- ulations for preparation of consolidated financial statements in Japan. Deferred income taxes are deter- mined using the asset and liability approach, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in respect of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and those as reported in the financial statements.
In addition, the consolidated overseas subsidiaries provide for deferred income taxes relating to tem- porary differences between reporting for tax and accounting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the relevant countries.
16) Accounting Standards issued but not yet effective
(1) Summary
On March 30, 2018, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) issued “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No.29) and “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No.30). The accounting standard provides a comprehensive framework for recognising revenue from contracts with customers.
(2) Scheduled effective date
The Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries expect to apply the accounting standard from the fiscal year beginning on April 1, 2021.
(3) The effects of applying accounting standard
At present, the Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries are in the process of measuring the ef- fects of applying the accounting standard.
17) Change in Presentation
Application of “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting”
The Group has applied the “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Account- ing” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, February 16, 2018) effective from the beginning of the year ended March 31, 2019. Accordingly, deferred tax assets are presented under “Investments and other as- sets” and deferred tax liabilities are presented under “Non-current liabilities.”
As a result of this change in presentation, in the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2018, “Deferred tax assets” under “Current assets” decreased by ¥16,197 million, “Deferred tax assets” under “Investments and other assets” increased by ¥799 million, “Others” under “Current liabilities” decreased by ¥89 million, “Deferred tax liabilities” under “Long-term liabilities” de- creased by ¥15,309 million, total assets and total liabilities decreased by ¥15,398 million respec- tively, and Equity ratio increased by 0.3 point.
 5. Notes to Consolidated Balance Sheet
1) Revaluation Reserve for Land
According to the Land Revaluation Law enacted on March 31, 1998, land used for business and owned by the Corporation was revalued on March 31, 2002 and an unrealized gain from the revalu- ation of land was reported as “Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes” as a separate component of “Net Assets” and the relevant deferred tax liabilities were reported as “Deferred tax liabilities for revaluation reserve for land” as a separate component of “Non-Current Liabilities.”
Such revaluation was allowed only at one specific time under the Law and cannot be undertaken at each financial year-end.
According to the enforcement ordinance of the Law, there are several methods allowed to deter- mine the revalued amount of land. The Corporation adopted a method of using the assessed value for property taxes with appropriate adjustments.
2) Assets Pledged as Collateral
The following assets are pledged as collateral for borrowings at affiliated companies and others.
Financial Section
    As at March 31
Investment securities Other investments
2018
¥140 70
Millions of Yen
2019
¥140 61
¥201
Millions of Yen
2019
¥801 53
¥855
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $1,263 557 $1,820
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$7,233 485 $7,719
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $4,224
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $455,361
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $193,058
    Total ¥210
  3) Other Notes to Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at March 31
Contingent liabilities from guaranteeing indebtedness of others
PT. WINDAS DEVELOPMENT (Note) Employees (housing loans)
2018
¥– 94
       Total ¥94
  Note: PT. WINDAS DEVELOPMENT is a company that the Corporation’s affiliated company invests in.
Millions of Yen
  As at March 31
The total amount of notes receivable discounted at consolidated subsidiaries
As at March 31
The total amount of business assets pledged as collateral for “Non-recourse borrowings” by subsidiaries engaged in PFI business
As at March 31
The total amount of business assets of subsidiaries engaged in the real estate development business corresponding to “Non-recourse bonds payable”
2018 2019
¥– ¥468
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥47,078 ¥50,444
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥21,311 ¥21,386
                  Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 78
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   As at March 31
Amount of “Costs on uncompleted construction contracts,” for which a construction loss is anticipated, matching with “Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process.”
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥− ¥186
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$1,682
    Note: “Costs on uncompleted construction contracts” for which a construction loss is anticipated and “Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process” are presented without being offset.
  As at March 31 2018
Breakdown of PFI projects and other inventories
 Merchandise ¥691
Millions of Yen
2019
¥566 467 52,717
Millions of Yen
2019
¥26,835
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$5,110 4,218 475,874
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $242,240
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $11,923,742
   Materials and supplies  PFI and other projects
As at March 31
Investment securities  Investments in affiliates
6. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Income
474 46,804
2018
¥26,833
          1) Revenue recognized using the percentage-of-completion method were as follows:
Millions of Yen
For the year ended March 31 2018 2019
Revenue recognized using the
percentage-of-completion method ¥1,169,259 ¥1,320,912
      2) Provision of reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process included in cost of sales were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Provision of reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process included in cost of sales
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥2,654 ¥4,737
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $42,765
    3) Inventory write-down due to reduced profitability included in cost of sales were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Inventory write-down due to reduced profitability included in cost of sales
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥335 ¥680
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $6,140
    79 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 4) The major components of “Selling, General and Administrative Expenses” were as follows:
Financial Section
  For the year ended March 31
Salaries and allowances to employees Retirement benefit expenses for employees Research and development costs
2018
¥26,292 1,891 8,491
Millions of Yen
2019
¥27,736 1,700 8,724
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $250,376 15,354 78,753
    5) Research and development costs (included in construction costs and general and administrative expenses) were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Research and development costs
6) Gain on sales of fixed assets were as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Investment securities Others
7) Loss on sales of fixed assets were as follows:
For the year ended March 31
Land
Investment securities Others
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥11,150 ¥12,574
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥6,117 ¥9,332 137 10
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥– ¥59 – 2 2 16
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $113,507
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $84,239 95
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $539 21 146
                Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 80
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 7. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Reclassification adjustments and tax effects related to other comprehensive income were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Total before tax effect
Tax effect
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Total before tax effect Tax effect
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
Foreign currency translation adjustments Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of taxes
Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Total before tax effect
Tax effect
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of taxes
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income
2018
¥29,965 (6,083)
23,881 (7,413)
16,467
¥(191) 14
(177) 54
(123)
¥(141) −
(141)
¥1,341 2,315 3,656
(1,054) 2,602
¥(74) (66)
(141)
¥18,664
Millions of Yen
2019
¥9,852 (8,114)
1,738 (919)
819
¥169 90
259 (79)
180
¥(1,073) −
(1,073)
¥88 1,786 2,375
(734) 1,640
¥(0) 60
60 ¥1,627
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$88,934 (73,244)
15,689 (8,295)
7,393
$1,526 815 2,341
(714) 1,627
$(9,685) −
(9,685)
$5,311 16,128 21,439
(6,634) 14,805
$(1) 550
548 $14,689
                                  81 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 For the year ended March 31, 2018 Type of shares
Issued stock: Common stock
Treasury stock: Common stock
Number of shares (Thousands)
Financial Section
 8. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
1) Type and number of outstanding shares
 Balance at beginning of year
788,514
3,949
Increase in shares during the year
– 11
Decrease in shares during the year
– 0
Balance at end of year
788,514 3,961
  Notes: 1. The increase in 11 thousand shares of treasury stock is due to the purchase of shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit of shares.
2. The decrease in 0 thousand shares of treasury stock is due to the sale of shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit of shares.
For the year ended March 31, 2019 Type of shares
Issued stock: Common stock
Treasury stock: Common stock
Number of shares (Thousands)
 2) Dividends
(1) Dividends paid to shareholders
For the year ended March 31, 2018 Resolution approved by
Annual general meeting of shareholders
(June 29, 2017)
Board of directors (November 8, 2017)
Type of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Amount (Millions of Yen)
¥16,503
¥7,858
dividend of ¥16.00. dividend of ¥3.00.
Amount per share (Yen)
(Note1) ¥21.00
(Note2) ¥10.00
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2017
September 30, 2017
Effective date
June 30, 2017
December 1, 2017
Balance at beginning of year
788,514
3,961
Increase in shares during the year
– 3
Decrease in shares during the year
– 0
Balance at end of year
788,514 3,964
  Notes: 1. The increase in 3 thousand shares of treasury stock is due to the purchase of shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit of shares.
2. The decrease in 0 thousand shares of treasury stock is due to the sale of shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit of shares.
   Note1: Amount of dividend per share ¥21.00 includes a special Note2: Amount of dividend per share ¥10.00 includes a special
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 82
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended March 31, 2019 Resolution approved by
Annual general meeting of shareholders
(June 28, 2018)
Board of directors (November 5, 2018)
Type of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Amount (Millions of Yen)
¥12,574 ¥10,216
Amount (Thousands of U.S. Dollars)
$113,506
$92,224
Amount per share (Yen)
(Note1) ¥16.00
(Note2) ¥13.00
Amount per share (U.S. Dollars)
$0.14 $0.12
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2018
September 30, 2018
Effective date
June 29, 2018
December 3, 2018
         Note1: Amount of dividend per share ¥16.00 includes a special dividend of ¥9.00. Note2: Amount of dividend per share ¥13.00 includes a special dividend of ¥6.00.
(2) Dividends with a shareholders’ cut-off date during the current fiscal year but an effective date subsequent to the current fiscal year
For the year ended March 31, 2018 Resolution approved by
Annual general meeting of shareholders
(June 28, 2018)
Type of shares
Common stock
Paid from
Retained earnings
Amount (Millions of Yen)
¥12,574
Amount per share (Yen)
¥16.00
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2018
Effective date
June 29, 2018
Effective date
June 28, 2019
  Note: Amount of dividend per share ¥16.00 includes a special dividend For the year ended March 31, 2019
of ¥9.00.
Amount (Thousands of U.S. Dollars)
$163,165
Resolution approved by Annual general meeting
of shareholders (June 27, 2019)
Type of shares
Common stock
Paid from
Retained earnings
Amount (Millions of Yen)
¥18,075
Amount per share (Yen)
¥23.00
Amount per share (U.S. Dollars)
$0.21
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2019
      Note: Amount of dividend per share ¥23.00 includes a special dividend of ¥16.00.
9. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 The reconciliation between cash and cash equivalents reported in the consolidated statement of cash flows and amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheet is as follows:
  As at March 31
Cash (as per consolidated balance sheet) Marketable securities
(Negotiable certificate of deposit)
Cash and cash equivalents
10. Financial Instruments
2018
¥196,158 145,000
¥341,158
Millions of Yen
2019
¥150,978 79,000
¥229,978
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $1,362,866
713,125 $2,075,991
       83 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
1) Overview
(1) Policy for financial instruments
The Group raises operating funds primarily through bank borrowings and bond issues. Temporary fund surpluses are managed principally through short-term deposits with little risk. Under the Group’s policy, the Group uses derivatives only for the purpose of reducing risks by hedge, and not for speculative purposes.
 (2) Types of financial instruments, risk and risk management
Regarding credit risk associated with customer’s operating receivables such as notes receivable and accounts receivable from construction contracts, the Group appropriately reduces such risk in response to the payment conditions and customer’s credit situation.
The Group holds investment securities primarily for the purpose of maintaining business relation- ships. Every year the Group reviews individual stocks while considering comprehensively costs and risks associated with stockholding and economic rationale, such as the benefit from a business perspective. Then, the Board of Directors verifies the adequacy of the stockholding.
Regarding volatility risk of foreign exchange rates and interest rates, the Group conducts market risk management in line with its risk management rules for volatility in financial markets.
The Group manages liquidity risk associated with raising funds by appropriately planning fund raising based on a three-month cash flow projection prepared monthly and the fiscal year’s cash flow projection. (3) Supplementary explanation on fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments is based on market value or reasonable estimate if there is no market value. Since certain assumptions are used for estimating values, values could be different if different assumptions are applied. In addition, the derivative contract amounts described in “De- rivatives” (Note 12) are not indicative of the actual market risk involved in derivative transactions.
2) Estimated fair value of financial instruments
The carrying value of the financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2018 and 2019, and estimated fair value are shown below. The following table does not include financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value.
Financial Section
 As at March 31, 2018
Assets
(1) Cash
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade (3) Marketable securities
(4) Investment securities
Liabilities
(5) Notes and accounts payable—trade
(6) Short-term borrowings
(7) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
(8) Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(9) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
(10) Long-term borrowings
(11) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Derivative transactions(*) (12) Derivative transactions
Hedge accounting applied
Carrying value
¥196,158 503,380 145,150 340,499
377,469 130,381
70,000 30,076
14,940 51,673
41,194
(200)
Millions of Yen
Fair value Difference
¥196,158 ¥– 503,360 (20) 145,150 – 340,499 –
377,469 – 130,381 –
70,308 308 31,470 1,393
14,940 – 52,286 613
42,138 944
(200) –
    Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 84
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 As at March 31, 2019
Assets
(1) Cash
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade (3) Marketable securities
(4) Investment securities
Liabilities
(5) Notes and accounts payable—trade
(6) Short-term borrowings
(7) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
(8) Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(9) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
(10) Long-term borrowings
(11) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Derivative transactions(*) (12) Derivative transactions
Hedge accounting applied
As at March 31, 2019
Assets
(1) Cash
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade (3) Marketable securities
(4) Investment securities
Liabilities
(5) Notes and accounts payable—trade
(6) Short-term borrowings
(7) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
(8) Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(9) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
(10) Long-term borrowings
(11) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Derivative transactions(*) (12) Derivative transactions
Hedge accounting applied
Carrying value
¥150,978 641,061 79,000 338,257
354,466 121,179
60,000 30,046
14,060 49,520
44,593
59
Carrying value
$1,362,866 5,786,799 713,125 3,053,418
3,199,733 1,093,875
541,614 271,224
126,920 447,020
402,543
537
Millions of Yen
Fair value Difference
¥150,978 ¥– 641,061 – 79,000 – 338,257 –
354,466 – 121,179 –
60,349 349
30,030 (16)
14,060 – 49,761 240
45,009 415
59 –
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Fair value Difference
$1,362,866 $– 5,786,799 – 713,125 – 3,053,418 –
3,199,733 – 1,093,875 –
544,764 3,150
    271,077
(147)
126,920 – 449,191 2,171
406,297 3,753
537 –
 85 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
(*)Assets and liabilities that arise from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. When the total amount becomes a net liability, the amount is indicated in parenthesis.
Notes: 1. Method to determine the estimated fair value of financial instruments
(1) Cash, (3) Marketable securities, (5) Notes and accounts payable—trade, (6) Short-term borrowings
The Corporation uses carrying value for these amounts because they will be settled in the short term, meaning that carrying value approximate fair value.
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade
By receivables with separate fixed terms, the fair value is calculated by applying a discount rate determined taking into account the term of collection and the credit risk.
 (4) Investment securities
The fair value of stocks is determined based on the stock market price and the fair value of bonds is determined based on the stock market price or prices quoted by financial institutions. Among “Investment securities,” non-listed shares, etc. (¥49,488 million ($446,731 thousand) in the consolidated balance sheets as at March 31, 2019 (¥46,602 million as at March 31, 2018) ) are not included in the above because determining the fair value for them is extremely difficult.
(7) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable, (8) Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares The fair value of the bonds issued by the Corporation is based on the prevailing market price.
(9) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
Carrying value is used as fair value as there is a variable interest rate and the value is reviewed on a short term basis to reflect the market interest rate, meaning that carrying value approximate fair value.
(10) Long-term borrowings, (11) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
The fair value of long-term borrowings and non-recourse borrowings are estimated by applying a discount rate to be applied to the total of principal and interest if a similar new borrowings agreement would be entered into. Some long-term borrowings and non-recourse borrowings are subject to special treatment of interest rate swap, and these are calculated by applying a discount rate to be applied to the total principal and interest with the consideration of the underlying interest rate swap if a similar new borrowings agreement would be entered into.
(12) Derivative transactions
The fair value of derivative transactions is valued from prices quoted by financial institutions.
2. Anticipated redemption amount after balance sheet date for monetary assets and securities with maturities.
Over 1 year As at March 31, 2018 Less than 1 year less than 5 years
Cash ¥196,158 ¥–
Millions
of Yen
Financial Section
  Notes and accounts receivable—trade Marketable securities and investment securities Other marketable securities with maturities  Bonds
  Corporate Bonds
 Other (negotiable certificate of deposit)
485,044 18,130
150 20 145,000 –
Over 5 years
¥– 205
– –
¥205
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥– –
– –
¥–
 Total ¥826,353 ¥18,150
Over 1 year As at March 31, 2019 Less than 1 year less than 5 years
Cash ¥150,978 ¥–
   Notes and accounts receivable—trade Marketable securities and investment securities Other marketable securities with maturities  Bonds
  Corporate Bonds
 Other (negotiable certificate of deposit)
610,866 30,194
– 20 79,000 –
 Total ¥840,845 ¥30,214
 As at March 31, 2019 Less than 1 year
Cash $1,362,866
Over 1 year less than 5 years
$– 272,564
180 –
$272,744
Over 5 years
$– –
– –
$–
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  Notes and accounts receivable—trade Marketable securities and investment securities Other marketable securities with maturities  Bonds
  Corporate Bonds
 Other (negotiable certificate of deposit)
5,514,235
– 713,125
 Total $7,590,226
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 86
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
3. Repayment schedule for short-term borrowings, bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable, convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares, non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable, long-term borrowings and non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings after each fiscal year end.
 As at March 31, 2018
Short-term borrowings
Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
Long-term borrowings
Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Less than 1 year
¥130,381
10,000
–
879
–
6,472
Over 1 year less than 2 years
¥–
20,000
–
14,060
16,849
6,147
¥57,057
Over 1 year less than 2 years
¥–
10,000
30,000
–
14,621
6,446
¥61,068
Over 2 years less than 3 years
¥–
10,000
30,000
–
12,729
5,824
¥58,553
Over 2 years less than 3 years
¥–
10,000
–
–
11,073
6,030
¥27,103
Over 3 years less than 4 years
¥–
10,000
–
–
9,091
5,408
¥24,449
Over 3 years less than 4 years
¥–
–
–
–
8,087
5,615
¥13,702
Over 4 years less than 5 years
¥–
–
–
–
6,105
4,992
¥11,098
Over 4 years less than 5 years
¥–
–
–
–
5,632
5,210
¥10,842
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥–
20,000
–
–
6,897
12,349
¥39,246
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥–
20,000
–
–
10,106
13,857
¥43,964
       Total ¥147,732
  As at March 31, 2019
Short-term borrowings
Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
Long-term borrowings
Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Less than 1 year
¥121,179
20,000
–
14,060
–
7,432
       Total ¥162,672
 87 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 Financial Section
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 As at March 31, 2019
Short-term borrowings
Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
Long-term borrowings
Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Total
Less than 1 year
$1,093,875
180,538
–
126,920
–
67,091
$1,468,426
Over 1 year less than 2 years
$–
90,269
270,807
–
131,988
58,195
$551,259
Over 2 years less than 3 years
$–
90,269
–
–
99,957
54,438
$244,655
Over 3 years less than 4 years
$–
–
–
–
73,007
50,688
$123,695
Over 4 years less than 5 years
$–
–
–
–
50,839
47,035
$97,875
Over 5 years
$–
180,538
–
–
91,227
125,093
$396,859
Millions of Yen
Difference
¥211,179
211,179
(331) –
(331)
¥210,847
Millions of Yen
Difference
¥214,232
214,232
(1,646) –
(1,646)
¥212,585
         11. Securities
1) Other securities (with market value)
As at March 31, 2018
Book value
Acquisition cost
¥123,387
123,387
6,264 145,000
151,264
¥274,651
Acquisition cost
¥115,515
115,515
10,156 79,000
89,156
¥204,671
  Securities with unrealized gains
 Stocks ¥334,567
 Sub total 334,567 Securities with unrealized losses
 Stocks 5,932  Other 145,000
 Sub total 150,932
Total ¥485,499
As at March 31, 2019 Book value
Securities with unrealized gains
 Stocks ¥329,748
 Sub total 329,748 Securities with unrealized losses
 Stocks 8,509  Other 79,000
 Sub total 87,509
Total ¥417,257
          Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 88
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2019 Book value
Securities with unrealized gains
 Stocks $2,976,602
 Sub total 2,976,602 Securities with unrealized losses
 Stocks 76,816  Other 713,125
 Sub total 789,941
Total $3,766,543
2) Other securities sold
For the year ended March 31, 2018 Sales amount
Shares ¥8,824
For the year ended March 31, 2019 Sales amount
Shares ¥14,696
For the year ended March 31, 2019 Sales amount
Shares $132,663
1) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied (1) Currency-related transactions
As at March 31, 2018 Not applicable.
As at March 31, 2019
This item is omitted because of its immateriality.
2) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied (1) Currency-related transactions
Acquisition cost
$1,042,745
1,042,745
91,681 713,125
804,807
$1,847,552
Total gain on sales
¥6,117
Total gain on sales
¥9,246
Difference
$1,933,857
1,933,857
(14,865) –
(14,865)
$1,918,991
Millions of Yen
Total loss on sales
¥0
Millions of Yen
Total loss on sales
¥2
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
            12. Derivatives
As at March 31, 2018 Hedging method
Deferred hedge method
Transaction type
Foreign exchange forward contract
Buy U.S. dollar/ Sell Yen
Main hedged item
Forecasted foreign currency transactions
Contract amount
¥3,678
Contract over 1 year
¥1,892
Millions of Yen
Fair value
¥(200)
Total gain on sales
$83,470
Total loss on sales
$21
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
       89 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Note: The fair value of derivative transactions is determined based on prices quoted by financial institutions.
 As at March 31, 2019 Hedging method
Deferredhedge method
As at March 31, 2019 Hedging method
Deferredhedge method
Transaction type
Foreignexchange forward contract
Buy U.S. dollar/ Sell Yen
Transaction type
Foreignexchange forward contract
Buy U.S. dollar/ Sell Yen
Main hedged item
Forecastedforeign currency transactions
Main hedged item
Forecastedforeign currency transactions
Contract amount
¥2,758
Contract amount
$24,898
Contract over 1 year
¥2,087
Millions of Yen
Fair value
¥59
Financial Section
   Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 Contract over 1 year
$18,847
Fair value
$534
Millions of Yen
Fair value
(Note)
value of inter-
Millions of Yen
Fair value
(Note)
  Note: The fair value of derivative transactions is determined based on prices quoted by financial institutions.
(2) Interest-related transactions
As at March 31, 2018 Hedging method
Special treatment of interest rate swap
Transaction type Main hedged item
Interest rate swap Non-recourse transaction borrowings
Payment fixed/ receiving variable
Contract amount
¥3,150
Contract over 1 year
¥2,250
   Note: Since special treatment of interest rate swaps is made together with hedged non-recourse borrowings, its fair est rate swaps has been included in that of the relevant non-recourse borrowings.
As at March 31, 2019 Hedging method
Special treatment of interest rate swap
As at March 31, 2019 Hedging method
Special treatment of interest rate swap
Transaction type Main hedged item
Interest rate swap Non-recourse
Contract amount
¥2,250
Contract amount
$20,310
Contract over 1 year
¥1,350
  transaction Payment fixed/ receiving variable
Transaction type
borrowings
Main hedged item
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Contract
over 1 year Fair value
$12,186 (Note)
   Interest rate swap Non-recourse transaction borrowings
Payment fixed/ receiving variable
 Note: Since special treatment of interest rate swaps is made together with hedged non-recourse borrowings, its fair value of inter- est rate swaps has been included in that of the relevant non-recourse borrowings.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 90
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 13. Retirement Benefits
1) Summary of Employees’ Retirement Benefit Plans
The Corporation and certain consolidated subsidiaries have lump-sum retirement payment plans and defined benefit pension plans.
As at March 31, 2018, the Corporation and 21 consolidated subsidiaries offered lump-sum retire- ment payment plans and the Corporation and 5 consolidated subsidiaries also offered a defined benefit pension plan.
As at March 31, 2019, the Corporation and 21 consolidated subsidiaries offered lump-sum retire- ment payment plans and the Corporation and 5 consolidated subsidiaries also offered a defined benefit pension plan.
2) Defined benefit pension plan
(1) Reconciliation of Projected Benefit Obligations
Projected benefit obligations as at April 1  Service cost
 Interest cost
 Actuarial gain or loss
 Retirement benefits paid  Other
Projected benefit obligations as at March 31
2018
¥161,565 6,861 5 541
(12,085) 895
¥157,785
Millions of Yen
2019
¥157,785 7,012 5 90
(11,734) 749
¥153,909
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$1,424,310 63,303 53 815
(105,925) 6,765
$1,389,323
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$906,296 7,053 6,126 38,946
(73,899) 433
$884,957
    Note: Some consolidated subsidiaries used a simplified method to compute their projected benefit obligations.
(2) Reconciliation of Plan assets
Plan assets as at April 1  Expected return on plan assets  Actuarial gain or loss  Contributions by the Corporation  Retirement benefits paid  Other
Plan assets as at March 31
2018
¥101,649 793 1,882 4,719
(8,724) 79
¥100,399
Millions of Yen
2019
¥100,399 781 678 4,314
(8,186) 48
¥98,035
     91 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 (3) Reconciliation of Projected Benefit Obligations and Plan Assets and Net liability for retirement benefit in the consolidated balance sheet
Financial Section
  Funded projected benefit obligation Plan assets
Unfunded projected benefit obligation
Net liability for projected benefit in the consolidated balance sheet
Net defined benefit liability
Net liability for projected benefit in the consolidated balance sheet
(4) Retirement Benefit Expenses
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Amortization of actuarial gain or loss Amortization of prior service cost Other
Retirement benefit expenses
2018
¥105,204 (100,399)
4,805 52,580
57,385
57,385
¥57,385
2018
¥6,861 5
(793) 2,343
(27) 919
¥9,309
Millions of Yen
2019
¥101,762 (98,035)
3,727 52,146
55,873
55,873
¥55,873
Millions of Yen
2019
¥7,012 5
(781) 1,805
(19) 701
¥8,725
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$918,601 (884,957)
33,644 470,722
504,366
504,366
$504,366
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$63,303 53
(7,053) 16,301
(172) 6,332
$78,765
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$172 (21,612)
$(21,439)
         (5) Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans included in other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before tax effect) were as follows:
Millions of Yen
  Prior service cost Actuarial gain or loss Total
2018
¥27 (3,683)
¥(3,656)
2019
¥19 (2,394)
¥(2,375)
    (6) Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans included in accumulated other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before tax effect) were as follows:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$(259) 54,666
$54,407
  Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial gain or loss
Total
2018
¥(47) 8,451
¥8,403
2019
¥(28) 6,055
¥6,027
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 92
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(7) Plan assets
(a) Major components of plan assets were as follows:
Stocks 14% 13% Bonds 11% 12% General account 73% 73% Other 2% 2%
Total 100% 100%
(b) Method for estimation of expected return on plan assets
The expected return on plan assets has been estimated based on the anticipated allocation to each asset class and the expected long-term returns on assets held in each category.
(8) Assumptions for actuarial calculations
Major components of the basis for actuarial calculations (figures are weighted averages)
2018 2019
Discount rates 0.0% 0.0% Expected rates of return on plan assets 0.8% 0.8%
14. Deferred Tax Accounting
1) As at March 31, 2018 and 2019, the significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:
2018 2019
        2018
Deferred tax assets
 Net defined benefit liability
 Non-deductible portion of reserves and allowances
 Losses on write-down of assets
 Tax losses carried forward
 Other 21,916
Millions of Yen
2019
¥15,925 9,335 7,895 2,518 25,903
61,579 (15,937)
45,642
(62,487) (5,373)
(67,860)
¥(22,218)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$143,760 84,271 71,267 22,737 233,832 555,868
(143,862) 412,005
(564,064) (48,504) (612,569) $(200,563)
As at March 31
  ¥16,430 9,259 8,020 3,030
  Sub total
Less: valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
 Net unrealized gains on other securities
 Other (5,676)
Total deferred tax liabilities (67,244)
Net deferred tax assets(liabilities) ¥(24,699)
58,656 (16,111)
  42,545 (61,568)
         93 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 2) As at March 31, 2018 and 2019, the reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to the effective income tax rate was as follows:
As at March 31
2018 2019
 Income not included permanently for income tax   purposes
(1.4%)  Elimination of intercompany dividend income 0.7%  Foreign corporation tax 0.7%  Increase (decrease) of valuation allowance 0.7%  Other 1.2%
Financial Section
  Statutory tax rate 30.8% Adjustments:
 Expenses not deductible permanently for income
  tax purposes 1.0%
Effective income tax rate 33.7%
Note: Information as at March 31, 2019 is omitted because the difference is not more than 5% of the statutory tax rate.
15. Investment and Rental Properties
(Note)
    The Corporation and certain consolidated subsidiaries own office buildings, residential units and other real estate properties for lease, mainly in Tokyo and other major urban cities in Japan.
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, the carrying values, changes during the year, and fair values of those properties were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Carrying value
 Balance at beginning of year  Changes during the year  Balance at end of year
Fair value at end of year
2018
¥123,070 15,597 138,667 235,441
Millions of Yen
2019
¥138,667 23,958 162,626 265,197
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$1,251,742 216,274 1,468,016 2,393,911
    Notes: 1. The carrying value is the amount after deducting accumulated depreciation from acquisition cost.
2. The changes during the year primarily consist of real estate acquisitions (increase: ¥18,446 million) and depreciation (decrease:
¥3,728 million) for the year ended March 31, 2018.
3. The changes during the year primarily consist of real estate acquisitions (increase: ¥34,483 million ($311,278 thousand)) and
depreciation (decrease: ¥3,541 million ($31,967 thousand)) for the year ended March 31, 2019.
4. The fair value is mainly calculated by the Corporation based on real estate appraisal standards, or based on the appraisal re-
port prepared by external certified appraisers.
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, incomes from rental business were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Net sales on rental business
Cost of sales on rental business Gross profit on rental business Other profit
2018
¥15,693 10,816 4,877 97
Millions of Yen
2019
¥18,148 11,454 6,694 80
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $163,828 103,399 60,428 730
    Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 94
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 16. Segment Information
1) Segment Information
(1) Overview of Reportable Segment
The Group is engaged in construction, real estate development and other related businesses. Construction business and real estate business both operated by the Corporation are the main businesses of the Group. Construction business of the Corporation is operated by branches, etc. located in various regions. Real estate business of the Corporation, which involves development, rental and sales, is operated by the Investment and Development Division. The Board of Directors regularly reviews the management and operating results. Therefore, based on the aggregate criteria and the quantitative criteria, “Construction business of the Corporation,” which consists of branch- es of the Corporation, and “Real estate business of the Corporation,” conducted by the Investment and Development Division, are deemed to be the two reportable segments of the Group.
(2) Detail of the method used to calculate net sales, profit or loss, assets and liabilities by reportable segment The accounting policies of the reportable segments are mostly the same as those in “4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.” However, segment profit does not include provision and reversal amounts of reserves and allowances which are included in the consolidated financial statements. Intersegment transactions are based on arm’s length price.
(3) Net sales, profit or loss, assets and liabilities by reportable segment were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31, 2018
Net sales
 Customers  Intersegment or transfer
Total
Segment profit (Note 1)
Construction business of the Corporation
Real estate business of the Corporation
Other (Note 2)
Total
Adjustment (Note 3)
Millions of Yen
Consolidated
   ¥1,190,293 ¥31,860 ¥297,281 ¥1,519,435 17,234 8,079 171,755 197,069
¥– ¥1,519,435 (197,069) –
 ¥1,207,527 ¥39,940 ¥469,037 ¥1,716,504 ¥(197,069) ¥1,519,435
¥105,895 ¥10,972 ¥18,076 ¥134,944 ¥(13,571) ¥121,373
  Notes: 1. Segment profits are adjusted to the operating income of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
2. “Other” segment is composed of business segments not included in the reportable segments, and includes Engineering busi-
ness operated by the Corporation and other businesses operated by subsidiaries, etc.
3. The adjustment of ¥13,571 million in segment profit was intersegment eliminations, etc.
4. The amounts of business segment assets have not been presented because they were not allocated to business segments.
  For the year ended March 31, 2019
Net sales
 Customers  Intersegment or transfer
Total
Segment profit (Note 1)
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Net sales
 Customers  Intersegment or transfer
Total
Segment profit (Note 1)
Construction Real estate business of the business of the Corporation Corporation
¥1,335,184 ¥25,193
Other (Note 2)
¥304,582 200,845
¥505,428
¥20,086
Other (Note 2)
$2,749,435 1,813,014
$4,562,449
$181,315
Total
¥1,664,960 245,158
¥1,910,119
¥162,745
Total
$15,029,436 2,213,018
$17,242,454
$1,469,089
Adjustment (Note 3)
¥– (245,158)
¥(245,158)
¥(33,021)
Millions of Yen
Consolidated
¥1,664,960 –
¥1,664,960
¥129,724
   44,195
¥1,379,380
¥133,901
Construction business of the Corporation
116
¥25,310
¥8,757
Real estate business of the Corporation
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
        $12,052,580 $227,420
Adjustment (Note 3)
$– (2,213,018)
$(2,213,018)
$(298,083)
Consolidated
$15,029,436 –
$15,029,436
$1,171,005
398,951
$12,451,532
$1,208,717
1,052
$228,473
$79,056
   95 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Notes: 1. Segment profits are adjusted to the operating income of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
2. “Other” segment is composed of business segments not included in the reportable segments, and includes Engineering
 and LCV (Life Cycle Valuation) business operated by the Corporation and other businesses operated by subsidiaries.
3. The adjustment of ¥33,021 million ($298,083 thousand) in segment profit was intersegment eliminations, etc.
4. The amounts of business segment assets have not been presented because they were not allocated to business segments.
 2) Related information
For the year ended March 31, 2018
(1) Product and Service Information
Net sales from external customers in the Construction business including architectural construc- tion, civil engineering and other related business totaled ¥1,354,583 million.
(2) Geographical Segments
(a) Net sales
This item is omitted because net sales to customers in Japan represented over 90% of the net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
(b) Tangible fixed assets
This item is omitted because tangible assets located in Japan represented over 90% of the tangible fixed assets on the consolidated balance sheet.
(3) Information by main customers
This item is omitted because net sales to no single customer represented 10% or more of total net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
For the year ended March 31, 2019
(1) Product and Service Information
Net sales from external customers in the Construction business including architectural construction, civil engineering and other related business totaled ¥1,504,636 million ($13,582,206 thousand).
(2) Geographical Segments
(a) Net sales
This item is omitted because net sales to customers in Japan represented over 90% of the net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
(b) Tangible fixed assets
This item is omitted because tangible assets located in Japan represented over 90% of the tangible fixed assets on the consolidated balance sheet.
(3) Information by main customers
This item is omitted because net sales to no single customer represented 10% or more of total net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
3) Impairment loss on fixed assets by reportable segment
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 Not applicable.
4) Amortization of goodwill and unamortized balance by reportable segment
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
This item is omitted in accordance with Article 15-2 Paragraph 4 of the Regulations for Consolidat- ed Financial Statements.
5) Gain on negative goodwill by reportable segment
Not applicable.
17. Related Party Transactions
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 Not applicable.
Financial Section
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 96
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 18. Amounts per Share
For the year ended March 31
Net assets per share of common stock
Basic net income per share of common stock Diluted net income per share of common stock
Yen
2018 2019
¥829.58 ¥929.72 ¥108.31 ¥127.04 ¥108.26 ¥127.04
U.S. Dollars
2019 $8.39 $1.15 $1.15
       1) Basis of net income per share of common stock and diluted net income per share of common stock (1) Net income per share of common stock
  For the year ended March 31
Net income attributed to shareholders of the Corporation
Net income not attributed to common share holders Net income attributed to shareholders of
Corporation available for distribution to
shareholders of common shares
Average number of common shares issued and
outstanding during the period
(2) Diluted net income per share of common stock
For the year ended March 31
Adjustment in net income attributed to shareholders of the Corporation
(Stock subscription rights of affiliated companies decrease the equity investment earnings when they are exercised)
Number of common stock increased by share warrants
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥84,978 ¥99,668 – –
84,978 99,668
784,556 784,551 thousand thousand shares shares
Millions of Yen
2018 2019
¥(42) ¥(2)
– –
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019
$899,699 –
899,699
784,551 thousand shares
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $(26)
–
          (3) Summary of diluted stock not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share due to absence of dilution effect
For the year ended March 31,2018
Euro/Yen Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds due 2020
 Total amount of face value of Bonds (Millions of Yen)
¥30,000
Number of Subscription rights to shares (Shares)
3,000
Class and number of shares underlying subscription rights to shares
Common stock
Total amount of face value of Bonds divided by conversion value
Conversion value (Yen)
¥1,322.1
Exercise period of subscription rights to shares
From October 30, 2015 To October 2, 2020
  97 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 For the year ended March 31,2019
Euro/Yen Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds due 2020
Total amount of face value of Bonds (Millions of Yen)
¥30,000
Total amount of face value of Bonds (Thousands of U.S. Dollars)
$270,807
Number of Subscription rights to shares (Shares)
Class and number of shares underlying subscription rights to shares
Conversion value (Yen)
¥1,297.0
2018
¥656,330 5,478 5,478 650,852
784,553 thousand shares
Conversion value (U.S. Dollars)
$11.71
Millions of Yen
2019
¥735,242 5,826 5,826 729,415
784,550 thousand shares
Exercise period of subscription rights to shares
From October 30, 2015 To October 2, 2020
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2019 $6,636,961 52,596 52,596 6,584,364 784,550
thousand shares
2) Basis of net assets per share of common stock
As at March 31
Net assets
Amounts deducted from net assets  Non-controlling interests
Net assets applicable to common stock Number of shares of common stock
at end of year
Financial Section
  3,000 Common stock
Total amount of face value of Bonds divided by conversion value
       Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 98
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 19. Bonds Payable
  Issued by
Corporation Corporation
Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation
MM21-46 SPC
Total
Issue type
18th unsecured straight bond 19th unsecured straight bond 20th unsecured straight bond 21th unsecured straight bond 22th unsecured straight bond 23th unsecured straight bond 24th unsecured straight bond Euro/Yen Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds due 2020(Note 2) 2nd general secured specified corporate bond
(Note 3)
–
Mar. 6,
2012 ¥10,000 Jun. 21,
2012 10,000 Mar. 8,
2013 10,000 Dec. 4,
2014 10,000 Mar. 6,
2015 10,000 Aug. 4,
2017 10,000 Nov. 30,
2017 10,000
Oct.16,
2015 30,076
Collateral
None None
None None None None None
None
Yes
Maturity Remarks Mar. 6,
2019 (*) Jun. 21,
2019 (*) Mar. 6,
2020 (*) Dec. 3,
2021 (*) Mar. 5,
2021 (*) Aug. 2,
2024 (*) Nov. 30,
2027 (*)
Oct.16, 2020
Mar. 31, 2020
– –
$– 11.71
270,807 –
Issue date
Balance at April 1, 2018
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
¥– 10,000
(10,000) 10,000 (10,000)
10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000
30,046
14,060 (14,060)
¥104,106 (34,060)
Balance at March 31, 2019 (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$– 90,269
(90,269) 90,269 (90,269)
90,269 90,269 90,269 90,269
271,224
126,920 (126,920)
$939,759 (307,458)
Interest Rate(%)
0.947 0.817
0.599 0.390 0.337 0.250 0.365
–
0.179 (Note 4)
   Mar. 31, 2017
14,940
    – ¥115,016
––
   Notes: (*) With limited inter-bond pari passu clause
1. Bracketed figures are due within one year from the balance sheet date.
2. Items mentioned convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares were as follows:
 Class of shares to be issued
Issue price for subscription rights to shares (yen and U.S. dollars)
Exercise price per share (yen and U.S. dollars)
Total issue amount (millions of yen and thousands of U.S. dollars)
Total amount of shares issued by exercising subscription rights to shares (millions of yen and thousands of U.S. dollars)
Percentage of shares subscription rights to shares (%) Exercise period of subscription rights to shares
Common stock
¥– 1,297.0
30,000
–
100
From Oct. 30, 2015 to Oct. 2, 2020
 99 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Upon the exercise of each of the subscription rights to shares, the Bonds attached with the subscription rights to shares shall be con-
tributed and the value for such Bonds shall be equal to the face value of the Bonds
3. Non-recourse bonds
4. At floating rates and the most recent rates
5. Aggregate annual maturities of bonds payable, convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares and non-recourse bonds
due within five years from the balance sheet date are as follows:
         20. Borrowings
Bonds payable
Less than 1 year
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Over 1 year less than 2 years
Non-recourse bonds
Less than 1 year
Item
Short-term borrowings Current portion of long-term
borrowings Current portion of
non-recourse borrowings Current portion of lease
obligations Long-term borrowings
(Excluding current portion) Non-recourse borrowings
(Excluding current portion) Lease obligations
(Excluding current portion)
Millions of Yen
¥20,000 10,000 10,000
– –
Millions of Yen
¥30,000
Millions of Yen
¥14,060
Balance at March 31, 2019
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$925,514 168,361 67,091 2,077 447,020 335,451 4,642
$1,950,160
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$180,538 90,269 90,269 – –
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$270,807
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$126,920
Repayment term
– – – –
2020–2035 2020–2034 2020–2026
–
Balance at April 1, 2018
Millions of Yen
¥108,346 22,034 6,472 209 51,673 34,722 403
Millions of Yen
¥102,528 18,651 7,432 230 49,520 37,161 514
¥216,038
Average interest rate (%)
0.48 0.96 1.47
– 0.87 1.20 –
–
Financial Section
      Total ¥223,861
  Notes: 1. The “average interest rate” is the weighted average interest rate for the average balance of borrowings during the fiscal year.
2. The average interest rate on lease obligations is not presented because lease obligations carried on the consolidated balance
sheet represent the amount before deducting interest equivalents.
3. Aggregate annual repayment of long-term borrowings, non-recourse borrowings and lease obligations, excluding the current
 portion, due to be repaid within five years from the balance sheet date are as follows:
Long-term borrowings (Excluding current portion)
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Millions of Yen
¥14,621 11,073 8,087 5,632
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$131,988 99,957 73,007 50,839
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 100
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Non-recourse borrowings (Excluding current portion)
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Lease obligations (Excluding current portion)
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
21. Asset Retirement Obligations
Millions of Yen
¥6,446 6,030 5,615 5,210
Millions of Yen
¥178 125 90 51
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$58,195 54,438 50,688 47,035
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$1,615 1,133 820 466
     In accordance with Article 92, Paragraph 2 of “Regulation for Consolidated Financial Statements” the amount of asset retirement obligations as at April 1, 2018 and March 31, 2019 has not been presented because it represented less than 1% of total liabilities and net assets on the consolidat- ed balance sheets.
22. Subsequent Event
On June 24, 2019, the Board of Directors of the Corporation resolved to purchase its own shares in accordance with Article 156 of the Corporation Law of Japan, applied pursuant to Paragraph 3, Ar- ticle 165 of the said Law.
1) Purpose of implementing share buybacks
To further enhance the company’s value through improved capital efficiency
2) Details
(1)Type of shares to be purchased
Common stock of the Corporation
(2)Total number of shares to be purchased
Up to 30,000 thousand shares (3.82% of total number of issued shares (excluding treasury stock)) (3)Aggregate purchase amount
Up to ¥20 billion ($180,538 thousand)
(4)Purchase period
From July 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020
 101 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
 Independent Auditor’s Report
The Board of Directors Shimizu Corporation
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Shimizu Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2019, and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the year then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, all expressed in Japanese yen.
Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, and for designing and operating such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. The purpose of an audit of the consolidated financial statements is not to express an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control, but in making these risk assessments the auditor considers internal controls relevant to the entity’s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Shimizu Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries as at March 31, 2019, and their consolidated financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Convenience Translation
We have reviewed the translation of these consolidated financial statements into U.S. dollars, presented for the convenience of readers, and, in our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been properly translated on the basis described in Note 2.
June 27, 2019 Tokyo, Japan
Financial Section
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 102
 
Supplemental Information
Nonconsolidated Balance Sheet
Shimizu Corporation As at March 31, 2019
ASSETS Current Assets:
Cash ¥128,062
Millions of Yen
¥88,750 45,845 556,329 79,100 3,981 72,949 3,324 107 93 89,352
(973)
938,861
70,053 1,466 2,766
464 3,986 130,193 33,475
242,406
1,515 3,683 554
5,753
354,447 37,294 6,920 250 15 – 3,892 17 636 9,120
(2,138)
410,454
658,614
¥1,597,475
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$801,137 413,845 5,021,934 714,027 35,939 658,504 30,010 974 848 806,575
(8,790)
8,475,006
632,362 13,242 24,972
4,196 35,984 1,175,239 302,181
2,188,178
13,679 33,247 5,007
51,934
3,199,563 336,650 62,466 2,257 143 – 35,132 153 5,743 82,327
(19,305)
3,705,132
5,945,245
 2018
2019
2019
Notes receivable
Accounts receivable from completed construction contracts Marketable securities
Real estate for sale
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts
Costs on uncompleted real estate development projects Materials and supplies
Prepaid expenses
Other current assets
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Non-Current Assets:
Tangible fixed assets: Buildings
Structures
Machinery and equipment Vehicles
Tools, furniture and fixtures Land
Construction in progress
Total tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets: Leasehold
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Total intangible fixed assets
Investments and other assets:
Investment securities
Investments in subsidiaries and affiliates
Investments in other securities of subsidiaries and affiliates Investments in capital
Long-term loans
Long-term loans to employees
Long-term loans to subsidiaries and affiliates Claims in bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings Long-term prepaid expenses
Other investments
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
33,895 431,043 145,000
1,691 71,133 – 121 67 82,714
(768)
892,961
74,324 1,606 1,429
451 3,763 129,501 4,741
215,818
1,529 3,097 124
4,751
354,641 37,240 6,920 380 19 2 4,607 0 883 8,910
(2,187)
411,418
631,987
¥1,524,948
$14,420,252
          Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.78 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2019.
103 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
  2018
2019
2018
LIABILITIES Current Liabilities:
Notes payable
Accounts payable for construction contracts
Short-term borrowings
Current portion of bonds payable
Lease obligations
Accounts payable—other
Accrued expenses
Income taxes payable
Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts Deposits received
Warranty reserve
Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process Reserve for directors' bonuses
Reserve for loss on anti-monopoly act
Asset retirement obligations
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities:
Bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares Long-term borrowings
Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for revaluation reserve for land
Reserve for employees’ retirement benefits
Asset retirement obligations
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
NET ASSETS Shareholders’ Equity:
Common stock, no par value
Authorized: 1,500,000 thousand shares
Issued: 788,514 thousand shares as at March 31, 2018 and 2019
Additional paid-in capital:
Capital reserve
Other additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal reserve Contingent Reserve Other retained earnings
Less: Treasury stock, at cost
2,625 thousand shares as at March 31, 2019 2,622 thousand shares as at March 31, 2018
Total shareholders’ equity
Valuation and Translation Adjustments:
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
Total valuation and translation adjustments Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
¥102,227 227,421 97,560 10,000 718 3,424 13,862 17,394 94,046 142,328 2,754 10,977 – 2,000 99 284
725,099
60,000 30,076 48,184
1,238 27,597 17,711 43,732
38 14,813
243,394
968,493
74,365
43,143 1
18,394 167,100 81,300
– (1,184)
383,121
147,489 (139)
25,984 173,334 556,455
¥1,524,948
Millions of Yen
¥60,691 239,395 95,491 20,000 900 3,991 16,663 28,133 127,845 144,421 3,100 7,934 267 1,820 134 286
751,078
40,000 30,046 43,722
1,333 24,965 17,659 44,279
3 16,476
218,486
969,565
74,365
43,143 1
18,394 229,800 88,662
(1,187) –
453,180
148,823 41 25,864 174,729 627,910
¥1,597,475
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$547,858 2,161,000 861,992 180,538 8,125 36,029 150,417 253,961 1,154,048 1,303,680 27,989 71,626 2,412 16,428 1,214 2,587
6,779,911
361,076 271,224 394,676
12,037 225,361 159,408 399,710
33 148,729
1,972,258
8,752,170
671,288
389,452 12
166,048 2,074,381 800,349
(10,717) –
4,090,815
1,343,416 373 233,476 1,577,266 5,668,081
$14,420,252
Financial Section
                    Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.78 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2019.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 104
 
Supplemental Information
Nonconsolidated Statement of Income
Shimizu Corporation
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Net Sales:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Cost of Sales:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Gross profit:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Operating income
Non-Operating Income (Expenses):
Interest and dividend income Interest expenses
Foreign exchange gain(loss) Other, net
Ordinary income Special Gains (Losses):
Gain on sales of fixed assets
Loss on sales of fixed assets
Loss on devaluation of investment securities
Loss on devaluation of shares of subsidiaries and affiliates Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates
Provision for loss on anti-monopoly act
Income before income taxes Provision for Income Taxes:
Current Deferred
Net Income
¥1,197,406 65,147
1,262,554
1,039,400 50,312
1,089,713
158,005 14,835
172,841 64,627
108,213
8,201 (2,081) (524) (692)
113,116
6,178 (2)
(55) –
2,223 (2,000)
119,460
31,030 5,426
36,456
¥83,004
Millions of Yen
¥1,348,122 58,607
1,406,730
1,176,155 47,442
1,223,597
171,966 11,165
183,132 69,565
113,567
10,249 (1,866)
5 (212)
121,742
9,348 (78) (2) (548)
– –
130,462
41,611 (3,882)
37,728
¥92,733
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$12,169,362 529,048
12,698,411
10,617,035 428,255
11,045,291
1,552,327 100,792
1,653,120 627,960
1,025,160
92,523 (16,851)
46 (1,920)
1,098,958
84,389 (707) (24) (4,948)
– –
1,177,668
375,618 (35,049)
340,568
$837,099
 2018
2019
2019
            Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.78 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2019.
105 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
  Orders, Sales and Backlog (Nonconsolidated)
Shimizu Corporation
For the year ended March 31, 2019
(1) Construction orders awarded and contracts
Construction business (orders) Architectural Construction Domestic Operations
Overseas Operations Subtotal
Civil Engineering Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Total construction business
Real estate development and other (contracts)
Total (2) Net sales
Construction business Architectural Construction
Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal Civil Engineering
Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Total construction business
Real estate development and other (contracts)
Total (3) Backlog
Construction business Architectural Construction
Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Civil Engineering Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Total construction business Real estate development and other
Total
¥1,031,694 120,305 1,151,999
280,793 9,049 289,842 1,441,842 63,735 ¥1,505,577
¥863,398 49,256 912,655
260,641 24,109 284,751 1,197,406 65,147 ¥1,262,554
¥1,176,895 110,527
1,287,422
467,969 25,072
493,041
1,780,464 39,281
¥1,819,746
Millions of Yen
¥1,307,180 34,891 1,342,071
246,677 39,462 286,140 1,628,211 97,245 ¥1,725,456
Millions of Yen
¥1,006,349 41,614
1,047,964
286,218 13,939
300,157
1,348,122 58,607
¥1,406,730
Millions of Yen
¥1,477,726 103,803
1,581,530
428,428 50,595
479,023
2,060,553 77,918
¥2,138,472
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$11,799,785 314,959 12,114,744
2,226,732 356,225 2,582,958 14,697,702 877,821 $15,575,524
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$9,084,216 375,650
9,459,867
2,583,668 125,826
2,709,495
12,169,362 529,048
$12,698,411
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$13,339,289 937,024
14,276,314
3,867,377 456,722
4,324,099
18,600,414 703,365
$19,303,780
Financial Section
 2018
2019
2019
                        2018
2019
2019
                  2018
2019
2019
      Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.78 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2019.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 106
 
      This document is printed on FSC® accredited paper using 100% vegetable oil based “Vegetable oil ink” and waterless printing methods
Printed on paper made with wood from forest thinning “Morino Chonai-Kai” (Forest Neighborhood Association) —supporting sound forest management.
Printed in Japan 1911050_TOP
