Investment Development
Business
(Real Estate Development Business)
While optimizing the business portfolio for further growth Shimizu will expand businesses and regions in the real estate development business, the core of our non-construction businesses. We will utilize the technologies of the Shimizu Group to develop com- fortable, efficient communities. We will also target expansion of our asset management business for the entire Shimizu group.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
  Policy based on the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Domestic strategy
Enter new businesses that utilize the steady growth and strengths of our core businesse
● Overseas strategy
Optimize the overseas business portfolio31 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019TOPICSOverview of Activities
The Shimizu Group has used its integrated strengths and advanced technical capabilities to handle everything from development to the operation of office buildings, logistics facilities, residential housing, hotels, and other facilities across Japan. We are steadily expanding the scale of our investments, the core of which are represented by large projects such as YOKO- HAMA GRANGATE, S.LOGI Niiza, and Toyosu 6-chome, Blocks 4-2 and 4-3.
We have also worked on the development of offices, data centers, housing, and other projects in Singapore, Indonesia, and other lo- cations overseas. We are currently working on a high-quality serviced apartment project in Indo- nesia. It is designed to cater for expatriates and is the first development project that Shimizu is pursuing on its own overseas. We have also em- barked on business in North America in recent years and will steadily expand the development business overseas.
¥389.0
* Total business investment cost for development in prog- ress and owned properties (Shimizu’s equity interest)
Future Initiatives
In Japan, we are searching for business oppor- tunities in the development of office buildings and logistics facilities in key urban areas such as Toyosu and Yokohama Minato Mirai 21, but also for community and large-scale development in areas where further growth is anticipated.
Overseas, we have designated North America as a key target, in addition to existing businesses we are pursuing in ASEAN countries, mainly in Singapore and Indonesia. We will also search for business investment opportunities in other coun- tries where high growth is projected. We plan to strengthen alliances with local companies even more and will pursue business development with a sense of urgency.
Business Topics
June 2018
Giving Tokyo a New Face Commencement of Construction on Blocks 4-2 and 4-3
in Toyosu 6-chome https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/ stock/item06/
New Release
March 2018
Development of a Large-scale Logistics in Niiza City with Three Buildings Totaling Around 190,000 m2 — Plans for a High Value-added Logistics Center in a High-potential Location — https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/news-release/ 2018/2017040.html
Toyosu 6-chome, Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 Project
Shimizu began a large project in the Toyosu area, where we have been engaged in community development for more than 30 years.
The project includes an 11-story next-generation office building with a total floor space of 87,000 m2, and 14-story urban resort hotel with a total floor space of 32,000 m2, 500 guest rooms and a grand bath and pool. It is the largest develop- ment project that Shimizu has undertaken on its own.
Conveniently located within 4 km of Tokyo Station, it takes advantage of a loca- tion that is lush with greenery and sits at the water’s edge. A plaza that will serve as a new transportation hub will be built between the office building and the hotel, from where a planned bus service will connect it to the city center, as well as the Haneda and Narita airports.
The Shimizu Group is the leader for this project and will utilize its combined strengths in its development, including both the hard infrastructure and soft service aspects.
  Total cost of business investment thus far:
Toyosu 6-chome, Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 (office building)
Area per floor
billion
Approx.
2,000
2
m per floor
(office building)
Blocks 4-2 and 4-3 of Toyosu 6-chome, where the new plaza between the office building (at the front) and hotel (at the back) will serve as a transportation hub for Koto-ku, Tokyo (completed perspective)
Daswin Office Project
Design image of the atrium
 Approx.
100,000
Total floor space of Daswin Office Project
The office building will have 50 floors above ground and total floor space of 100,000 m2. The office building, which is currently under construction, is among the largest upscale of- fice buildings in Jakarta and is scheduled for completion in 2021.
Shimizu’s past track record in building multi- ple ultra high-rise office buildings in Jakarta is highly regarded, and we are participating in the project engineering and construction, in addi- tion to investment and development.
In the future, we will also provide upscale office buildings with the high quality Japan is known for, not only in high-growth ASEAN countries but in other areas where high growth is expected.
m2
(office building)
Daswin Office Project, an ultra high- rise office building in central Jakarta, Indonesia that utilizes Shimizu’s expertise in engineering and construction (Completed perspective)
This project involves the development of an ultra high-rise office building in the cen- ter of Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia. It is a joint development project by four Japa- nese and local companies. Shimizu is one of the joint developers.YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, under construction in Area 21 of Minato Mirai in Kanagawa Prefecture (completed perspective)Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 32
 