Engineering
We are focusing on alternative energy, environ- mental cleanup, life sciences, and digital solu- tions to provide communities with safe, secure, and healthy living environments.
* EPC business: A business involving the integration of Engineering, Procurement, and Construction
33 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities Policy based on the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Expand the EPC business* by further strengthening sales capa- bilities, competitiveness, and earning power in the four core areas of energy, environment, plant, and information
● Achieve sustained growth for the future by entering new busi- nesses
● Establish a global business and diversify revenue through an operating business that capitalizes on Shimizu’s track record, EPC expertise, technology, and strengths
Akita Katagami Windfarm in Akita PrefectureTOPICSOverview of Activities
We are working to expand the EPC business in the four core areas of alternative energy, envi- ronment, plant, and information, with the goal of achieving carbon-free communities with safe, secure, and healthy living environments.
In the area of alternative energy, we are cur- rently building the largest windfarm in Japan (with 22 3-MW wind turbines) on the coast between the cities of Akita and Katagami in Akita Prefecture.
Windfarm power generation business, annual genera- tion capacity
households
Future Initiatives
In the future, we will take on the challenge of entering new areas as we strengthen our sales capabilities, competitiveness, and earning power in the four core areas.
In the area of alternative energy, we are aiming to expand Shimizu’s share of large on- shore and offshore windfarm projects. In Au- gust 2019, we invested around ¥50 billion and began construction of an automated SEP ship (SEP: Self-elevating platform), equipped with the world’s largest carrying and crane capacity and capable of constructing ultra large-scale offshore wind turbines. We will contribute to the realization of carbon-free communities through our renewable energy business.
In the environment area, we are advancing remediation measures such as onsite remedia- tion and washing to reduce the amount of pol- lution in soil and groundwater, and are rolling out a broad range of environmental remedia- tion engineering technologies.
In the plant area, we will expand orders for turnkey projects by supporting higher efficiency and automation in advanced production facilities.
In the information area, we will expand or- ders for a broad range of ICT systems to meet the customer’s needs.
To break into new areas, we will develop next-generation energy, life sciences, advanced digital technology, and ocean resources. We will also utilize our track record and expertise in the domestic EPC business to grow our a global business base.
Building a Safe, Secure, and Labor-saving Food Plant
Consumer awareness of food security and safety is increasing and the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in Japan is also working to systematize HACCP*.
Shimizu is leveraging our track record and expertise to pursue highly efficient food plants by building production lines that are compliant with HACCP and other global standards by installing labor-saving technologies and automation to address the labor shortage in plants.
* HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point): This is a method of sanitation management that at- tempts to ensure product safety by determining the factors that result in toxic bacterial contamination and inclusion of foreign objects in food and control processes to eliminate or reduce such hazards.
 40,000
Electricity supply to
Business Topics
Restoring the Earth in Vietnam with Shimizu’s Technology https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/ sustainability/item03/content01/
News release
July 2019
Shimizu Begins Construction of the World’s Largest Self-Propelled SEP (Self-Elevating Platform) Vessel -Targeting Top Share of Orders for Offshore Windfarm Construction- https://www.shimz.co.jp/ en/company/about/news- release/2019/2019007.html
Okashino Kobai Corporation Nishihara plant in Aso, Kumamoto Prefecture, which was designed and built with the latest food production equipment immediately after the Kumamoto earthquakes.
Shimizu Begins Construction of the World’s Largest Self-Pro- pelled SEP (Self-Elevating Platform) Vessel
Japan’s new “Act to Promote Offshore Use by Offshore Renewable Energy Facilities” was enacted in April of this year and the offshore wind power market is projected to rapidly expand. Shimizu Corporation has begun construction of a highly efficient self-propelled SEP vessel (SEP: Self-Elevating Platform) equipped with the world’s largest transporting and crane capacity and capable of installing ultra-large-scale offshore wind turbines. Completion is scheduled for October 2022. Shimizu will increase its competitiveness in the renewable energy sector and further expand its engineering business through this project.
 Weight of self-propelled SEP vessel:
28,000
t
Image of Self-Propelled SEP vessel to be constructed (attaching blades)Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 34