LCV
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activitiesTOPICSShimizu will create value across the spectrum of buildings and infrastructure, energy, and commu-Overview of Activities
Shimizu established the LCV* business in October 2017. We provide technologies and services to maximize the value of facilities and infrastructure over their entire life cycles, as well as pursuing partnerships and investments towards these goals.
* LCV (Life Cycle Valuation): Respond to customer needs, utilize renewable energy, IoT, etc. to provide compre- hensive services and solutions including investment and partnerships
LCV Business
● BSP Business ● Energy/
Infrastructure management Business ● ICT/Smart Business
Completion Life Cycle Dialog of LCV business
Future Initiatives
In the BSP management business, we provide one-stop services through our facility manage- ment business, based on equipment installation, maintenance, and energy-efficient management. We also improve the performance and comfort of these facilities through our WELL (well-being) services business, and increase the value of real estate through our sustainability and renovation business.
We will expand our business in renewable en- ergy power generation and supply, and strength- en our infrastructure concession businesses for airports, roads, and other infrastructure.
In our ICT and Smart business, we will offer services such as voice navigation utilizing infra- structure, and the creation of databases of facil- ity data, IoT, and AI to help create sustainable, inclusive communities and smart cities where everyone can live a full life.
News Release
January 2019
Shimizu entering the Small Hydro- electric Power Business
— Construction of a Small Hydro- electric Power Plant in Toyama Prefecture — https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/news-release/ 2019/2018045.html
First Power and Service Business for a Public Hospital
We acquired a power and service business contract with Ise Municipal General Hospital, a public hospital in the city of Ise, Mie Prefecture after Shimizu completed construction of in October 2018. We will operate, maintain, and manage the power equipment for 15 years under the contract. To secure both energy savings in normal operation and continuity of medical services in an emergency, we installed gas-fired co-generation equipment, solar power generation equipment, a storage battery sys- tem, equipment that uses geothermal energy, and Smart BEMS for integrated man- agement of these systems. Shimizu will optimize power management for this central regional hospital by providing one-stop services extending from equipment installation to maintenance and management. Japan`s Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) has selected this power and service business as a sustainable building pacesetter project (CO2 reduction pacesetter). It is drawing interest as a model business for sustainable urban hospitals.
Ise Municipal General Hospital in Mie Prefecture
Solar Power Plant in Tome, Miyagi Prefecture Begins Operation
A new solar power plant began operating in Tome City, Miyagi Prefecture from Jan- uary 2019. This is Shimizu’s fifth power plant after Ako Solar Power Plant, Kitakami Solar Power Plant, Nagano Shinkomachi Solar Power Plant, and Nagano Shinkomachi No. 2 Solar Power Plant. We are currently selling electricity to the electric power companies and plan to sell retail electricity in the future.
Generating renewable energy naturally contributes to local communities. Over the long term, we expect stable revenue generation contributing to corporate perfor- mance.
    Construction Business
 FY2018
Renewable power generation (Shimizu business)
20,692
MWh
Solar power plant in Tome, Miyagi Prefecture
nities, to improve user satisfaction, and build a sustainable future based on the business concept of LCV (Life Cycle Valuation).   Policy under on the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Expand the Building Service Provider (BSP)* business by provid- ing one-stop service solutions
● Grow the power business and strengthen infrastructure opera- tions
● Leverage advanced technology to promote the services busi- ness and create smart cities
* BSP (Building Service Provider): Facility operation and management services after
a facility is built including Project Management (PM), Building Management (BM), energy savings, and Business Continuity Planning (BCP)
35 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 36 