Emerging Frontier Business
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 Shimizu will expand the sphere of human activities from “onshore” to “offshore,” and from “earth” to “space,” while contributing to environmental pro- tection and the revitalization of local communities. Shimizu will also contribute to measures to com- bat climate change and protect the global environ- ment through businesses that co-exist with nature, and will invest in start-up companies as a strategic move towards the future.
 Policy under the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Build a business model for ocean city development
● Lead the new era of space business as an integrated space
company
● Launch environmentally innovative agri-businesses
● Invest in next-generation construction technology and glob- al-scale solutions
37 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019
OCEAN SPIRAL, Deep Sea Future City ConceptTOPICS—Ocean City DevelopmentOverview of Activities
Shimizu has been exploring and researching the concept of developing untapped frontiers in space and the ocean since the 1980s. Due to advances in IT technology and the inflow of private capital in recent years, emerging fron- tiers are expected to move from the develop- ment and research stage to commercialization. They are promising markets where growth is projected. Shimizu established the Frontier Business in 2018 for commercialization of con- cepts in these areas.
Business Topics
Shimizu Dream https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/topics/ dream/
Ocean City Development
Due to global warming, ocean levels continue to rise and frequent coastal flooding is occurring.
Meanwhile, the limits of expansion through land reclamation are being reached be- cause of the concentration of population in urban areas around the world. Such condi- tions are increasing interest around the world in floating structures and floating cities, and in power-storing floating plants.
Shimizu announced the GREEN FLOAT environmental island concept in 2008, and the OCEAN SPIRAL deep sea future city concept in 2010, and we have earned global recognition and acclaim for our ocean structures. In 2017, we obtained third-party cer- tification of floating structural safety for GREEN FLOAT II (a floating ultra high-rise model with a height of 120 m and a surface diameter of 200 m) through technical verification and analysis. In the future, we will realize the Shimizu Dream by integrating our urban planning skills with our pioneering floating technology capabilities. We will extend the sphere of human activity from “land” to “ocean” and contribute to the sustainable devel- opment of the earth.
FY1987
Future Initiatives
We will continue to focus on four areas: Ocean, Space, Nature, and Ventures.
In the Ocean business, we will create a new market and business model for cities that float on the surface of the ocean (Green ocean city of the future).
In the Space area, we will lead the new era of space business as an Integrated Space Company that provides services in building and operating space-related facilities on earth, an- alyzing and using satellite data, and even con- struction and operation of infrastructure on the surface of the moon.
In the Nature business, we will consolidate our expertise, work on initiatives to combat cli- mate change through agri-businesses, develop sustainable communities, and contribute to the revitalization of local communities.
To realize our vision of the future, we will also invest in and continue collaboration with venture firms that show promise, search for and identify advanced technology and business models, develop businesses in the construction business domain, and expand into the business of developing new emerging frontiers.
Space development established
 GREEN FLOAT height above the ocean surface
1,000
m
GREEN FLOAT II, ocean city of the future concept
4,000
 OCEAN SPIRAL ocean floor depth
m
OCEAN SPIRAL, deep sea future city conceptShimizu Corporate Report 2019 38
 ABOUT SHIMIZU SHIMZ VISION 2030 SHIMIZU’S FUTURE SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
TOPICS—Space DevelopmentTOPICS—Coexisting with NatureSmall-lift Rocket Launching Business
New technology enabling smaller artificial satellites and the diversification of mis- sions have increased their number as well as the need for dedicated launch vehi- cles. In July 2018, Shimizu made an equity investment in SPACE ONE Co., Ltd., which aims to be the first private-sector based small satellite launching business. Since then we have worked with our joint venture partners on developing small rockets and establishing the terrestrial infrastructure. The town of Kushimoto in Wakayama was selected as the site for construction of a launching pad where small rocket as- sembly, launch and control will be performed. The project is proceeding according to plan and is scheduled for completion in 2021. Once complete, it will be used to launch some of the first private-sector based small rockets in Japan.
News Release
August 2017
Regarding Establishment of New Generation Small Rocket Development Planning Co., Ltd. https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/news- release/2017/2017023.html
News Release
December 2018
Shimizu will build a Research Center for Lignophenol, a raw material for bioplastics
—Extracting and Manufacturing Lignophenol from Wood— https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/ company/about/ news-release/2018/2018037.html
Sustainable Community Development Initiative
Shimizu is working on measures to combat climate change and achieve sustainable community development through agri-businesses.
Agri-business is an area in which Japan is lagging on SDGs (Sustainable Develop- ment Goals). Shimizu is pursuing businesses in this area to enable nature, the envi- ronment, the economy, and society to co-exist harmoniously.
We are currently conducting research and development to commercialize the manufacture and sale of lignophenol, a bioplastic derived from wood materials. Lignophenol is a new noncombustible material that is easily processed and has a high chemical compatibility. It is promising for use in a variety of products including electronic components and automotive parts as an alternative to petroleum-based plastics, and can combat climate change by reducing dependence on oil. It can also contribute to responsible forestry through the use of local wood resources while simultaneously generating employment and contributing to the sustainable develop- ment of local economies.
lignophenol
bioplastic
Basic summary of lignophenol
(Some photos provided by Fujii consulting & associates)
Using Construction Industry Expertise in Strawberry Production
Shimizu is working on large-scale greenhouses in the field of agriculture. We are participating in a strawberry production business in Hokkaido as part of a project by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries to accelerate the introduction of next-generation greenhouses.
We will create sustainable agricultural operations by utilizing our expertise in construction, environmental controls and in process and personnel management to reduce costs through large-scale facility consolidation and achieve efficient, system- atic production utilizing ICT-based environmental control technology.
     Photographic image of a small rocket (Source: SPACE ONE Co., Ltd.)
Lunar Development and Use
The Japanese, U.S., and European governments are planning to construct Gateway, a next-generation space station near the moon, and send astronauts to the lunar surface in the 2020’s. Shimizu is conducting R&D on design and construction of the facilities and equipment, including the use of resources on the moon, to support the activities of astronauts in space and on other celestial bodies As part of JAXA’s (Ja- pan Aerospace Exploration Agency) space exploration innovation hub research, we are developing structures that automatically deploy in the harsh environment of the lunar surface with the goal of achieving this around 2030.
SPACE ONE Co., Ltd.
(Commercial space transport service
business)
Commencing service in
Size of Tomatoh Farm strawberry pro- duction facility
FY2021
4
ha
  Conceptual drawing of heavy robotic equipment excavating the lunar surface by remote control
Strawberry greenhouse at Tomatoh Farm, a Shimizu joint venture39 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 40