Creating a High Satisfaction Workplace
Shimizu will create a workplace environment that establishes a diverse range of flexible workstyles and provides job satisfaction while also working to hire and develop the talent who will perform our work in the future.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
  Policy under the Mid-Term Management Plan
● Implement a global talent strategy
● Continue to improve employee satisfaction ● Roll out inclusive talent systems43 Shimizu Corporate Report 2019TOPICSOverview of Activities
While continuing to recruit and develop the tal- ent of the future, Shimizu has enlisted the entire company in workstyle reforms so all employees can efficiently realize their potential. The work- ing environment varies by location and site, so we are encouraging individuals to take indepen- dent initiatives towards using planned vacations and implementing a five-day work week at job sites.
Last year, we held a company-wide Work- style Reform Week and introduced new initia- tives including a system for working from home that is open to everyone. In addition to express- ing the company’s serious intentions around reforms to employees, we aim to develop a cul- ture of innovation encourages each employee to think freely and take on new challenges.
Non-financial KPI for job satisfaction*1
3.4 4.0
*1 Shimizu Japan Employee Survey Index (Average score on a five-point scale)
Future Initiatives
As we globalize and diversify our talent, we will create a workplace environment that is inclusive without regard to gender, age, nation- ality, or other attributes, and provides high job satisfaction.
More specifically, we will implement initia- tives to improve job satisfaction, pay close at- tention to the mental and physical well-being of each employee, and make the workplace more vibrant.
As a corporate group that is expanding globally, we will also work to establish a cor- porate culture that respects human rights from a broad range of perspectives. We established the Shimizu Group Human Rights Policy*2 in December 2018, based on the concepts in- corporated in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. This applies to all officers and employees at group companies, and we will urge our supply chain to support this policy as well.
Shimizu was awarded the Nadeshiko Brand in 2017 as a listed company that excels in promoting the advancement of women. We were also selected as a member of Diversity Management Selection 100 as a company that implements diversity management and produces results.
Nadeshiko Brand
Diversity Management Selection 100
Workstyle Reform Week Held
Shimizu held Workstyle Reform Week for the first time in October 2018 to encour- age every employee to take the initiative to reform workstyles and increase oppor- tunities company-wide. During Workstyle Reform Week, we presented awards for good examples of workstyle reforms, and held different activities every day, includ- ing brainstorming new initiatives for all employees.
We also conducted an employee satisfaction survey in Japan to quantify job sat- isfaction. Close to 90% of employees participated and their responses clarified the challenges in creating a workplace in which each employee can achieve job satis- faction.
We will continue to work on improving job sat- isfaction based on future survey results.
Will (on left) and Act (on right) mascots to cheer on workstyle reform, created by soliciting ideas internally
Full-scale Introduction of a Work-from-home System
We implemented a one-year work-from-home system trial beginning in May 2018. The trial is expected to encourage re-evaluation of daily workstyles and to support achieving work-life balance. All employees are eligible to use the system, not just those with childcare and family care needs.
During the trial 393 employees worked from home. Employees who work at job sites were also included, despite the initial feeling that this would be difficult when the trial first began.
Based on the feedback received from employees during the trial, we revised the system to make it more flexible, and introduced the new permanent system in May 2019. Going forward, we will work to create a workplace where it is easy to use the work-from-home system. We will share stories from employees who used the sys- tem and encourage management-level employees to use it.
    FY2018 results: FY2023 goal:
over
*2 See the corporate website for further details.
https://www.shimz.co.jp/company/csr/ human/
Actual Experience of Balancing Work and ChildcareI am using flex-time and working from home. When working from home, I pre- pare the work inventory and materials needed in an electronic format in advance, then produce the materials, participate in videoconferences, and perform other work. When I work from home, I can do housework during my lunch break and can also take care of my children’s health exams without taking time off from work. I feel that I can balance work and childcare through this flexible workstyle.
Asumi Hayashi
Planning Group, Human Resources Department
 Number of work-from-home system users:
393
(May 2018 to April 2019)Engineers working on the tunnel at Tokyo International Airport and other construction projects (Ota-ku, Tokyo)Shimizu Corporate Report 2019 44