      Management Planning Department
ULVAC, Inc.
2500 Hagisono, Chigasaki, Kanagawa Prefecture 253-8543, Japan TEL. +81-467-89-2033 FAX. +81-467-82-9114
https://www.ulvac.co.jp/en/
                                             Basic Corporate Philosophy/Management Policies/Sustainability Policy
ULVAC’s Vacuum Technology
   Basic Corporate Philosophy
The ULVAC Group aims to contribute to the development of industries and science by comprehensively utilizing its vacuum and peripheral technologies through the mutual cooperation and collaboration of the Group companies.
Management Policies
Improve Customer Satisfaction Innovations in ProductionTechnology Development of Original Products Free and Open-minded Organization Enhancing Corporate Value
Vacuum Technology,
ULVAC’s Core Competence
Stated simply, a vacuum is a space where the pressure
is lower than the atmospheric pressure. A vacuum has interesting properties: for example, materials’ lower boiling points in a vacuum mean they are more likely to evaporate and gas molecules can travel in a straight line in a space. ULVAC has developed various application technologies that exploit the properties of a vacuum in its quest to realize the remarkable potential inherent in vacuum technology.
For example, using vacuum technology, it is possible
to create ultrathin films with micron- to nanometer-order thickness. Since such thin films cannot be produced by physically stretching materials, advanced vacuum deposition technology is required for depositing layers of atoms or molecules of materials in a vacuum.
Led by IoT, 5G, and AI, a tremendous wave of technological innovation has brought about the advent of the smart society. Vacuum deposition is destined to fulfill a vital role
in the fundamental technologies underpinning the smart society.
 ULVAC’s Business Segments
Vacuum Equipment Business
Semiconductor and electronic device production equipment
◦Semiconductor production equipment
◦LED production equipment
◦Electronic device production equipment
FPD and PV production equipment
◦Liquid crystal display (LCD) production equipment
◦OLED production equipment ◦Roll coaters
◦Solar cell production equipment
Components
◦Vacuum pumps
◦Vacuum gauges
◦Helium leak detectors ◦Process gas monitors ◦Thin-film measuring equipment ◦EB, RF and DC power generators ◦Vacuum valves
◦Deposition controllers ◦Vacuum transfer robots
Industrial equipment
◦Vacuum heat treatment furnaces
◦Vacuum melting furnaces
◦Vacuum brazing furnaces
◦Rare-earth magnet production equipment
◦Vacuum freeze-drying equipment ◦High-vacuum distillation equipment ◦Automatic leak testers
Vacuum Application Business
Materials
◦Sputtering target materials ◦High-melting-point materials and
production of components ◦Nano-metal ink
Others
◦Surface analyzers ◦Controllers ◦Mask blanks
 Sustainability Policy
ULVAC strives to create economic, social, and environmental value by comprehensively utilizing its vacuum and peripheral technologies.
     ULVAC Group
Quality Policy
ULVAC
Basic Policy on Occupational Safety and Health Management System
Basic Procurement Policy
ULVAC Group
Environmental Philosophy Environmental Policy
ULVAC
Basic Policy for Human Resources Development
   1
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 2
Major Vacuum Equipment
Sputtering equipment, vacuum evaporation equipment, CVD equipment, etching equipment, ashing equipment, ion implantation equipment, annealing equipment, etc.

                                            Table of Contents/Editorial Policy
About ULVAC 5 ULVAC’s History
7 ULVAC’s Businesses
9 ULVAC’s Value Creation
ULVAC’s Vision
19 Commitment ofTop Management
23 New Mid-term Management Plan
Basis for Value Creation
33 Corporate Governance
42
43
44
45
Financial Data/ Corporate Information
51 11-year Financial Data
    11 13
ULVAC Group Companies
Process
ULVAC’s Value Creation
Priority Issues
ULVAC’s Value Creation
Value Offered by ULVAC’s Business
Vacuum Equipment Business 1 Semiconductor Production Equipment
15 ULVAC’s Value Creation
Research & Development and Global Expansion
31 Vacuum Equipment Business Industrial Equipment
32 Vacuum Application Business Materials/Other
5
48
49 Environment
27
28 Vacuum Equipment Business 2
Management Structure
39 Messages from External Directors 40 Risk Management
Financial Overview
55 Consolidated Financial Statements
Electronic Device Production Equipment
29 Vacuum Equipment Business 3 FPD and PV Production Equipment
30 Vacuum Equipment Business 4 Components
Compliance
Quality Assurance and Product Safety Procurement
Human Resources
Occupational Safety and Health
37
53
59 Company Data/Stock Information/
    17
Consolidated Financial
and Non-financial Highlights
     Editorial Policy
We publish the ULVAC VALUE REPORT as a summary of our initiatives in the past year to achieve sustainable growth and enhancement of corporate value, our medium- to long-term vision, and our management approach.
We consider this report to be an important communication tool to facilitate stakeholders’ understanding of our activities and deepen dialogue with them.
■ Published:
November 2020 (Previous issue published in November 2019)
■ Guidelines Referenced:
ISO26000: 2010 (Guidance on social responsibility) First Edition The International Integrated Reporting Framework, the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)
Report’s Scope and Period Scope: ULVAC Group
ULVAC’s Communication Tools
  In principle, this report covers the ULVAC Group; any portions that cover only ULVAC, Inc. are indicated as such.
Period: Year ended June 30, 2020
(July 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020, FY 2019)
Some portions of the report include activities and initiatives from July 2020 onward.
<Disclaimer>
Figures shown in tables and graphs in this report may not add up to the indicated total because of rounding. Some figures have been revised from previous years’ data because the scope of reporting was expanded or calculating methods have been changed.
Summarized
Detailed
Securities report
Financial information
We endeavor to achieve the optimum information disclosure by making various communication tools available to meet your needs.
To help you deepen your understanding of the ULVAC Group, our communication tools range from statutory disclosure documentation centering on information on financial closing to this report that offers non-financial information, such as social and environmental initiatives indispensable for creating corporate value, in addition to information on business activities, management strategies, and financial information. Please also refer to our website for the latest information.
ULVAC VALUE REPORT (Japanese and English version)
  Business report
Corporate governance report
  Business results presentation materials (Japanese/English)
Sustainability (Website)
 3
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 4
Non-financial information

                                                About ULVAC
  ULVAC’s History
When ULVAC was founded back in 1952, vacuum technology had not yet entered widespread use in Japan. As a trailblazer, we championed vacuum technology by introducing new technologies to the market and addressing the needs of customers in diverse industries. ULVAC will continue tackling technological innovation to speed progress toward the “smart society” to which we aspire.
Challenging new industrial sectors
Ever since its foundation, ULVAC has been refining its capability to flexibly manipulate vacuum technology. In step with the changing industrial structure, we have always boldly sought to develop new technologies while expanding application fields to include the production of automobiles, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, and food, metallurgy, as well as mass production of semiconductors and electronic devices, flat-panel displays, and organic light-emitting diode displays. Inspired by the promise of the emerging “smart society,” we are confident that our vacuum technology will be a key to the advance of the cluster
of transformative technologies, including IoT, big data, artificial intelligence, and self-driving vehicles, that will underpin next- generation lifestyles.
The story of ULVAC’s foundation
At the time when Japan was engaged in post-war recovery,
a group of talented young researchers and engineers gathered with the aim of “contributing to the revival of Japanese industry through vacuum technology.” In 1952 six angel investors, impressed by the passion of these visionary young people, invested in the establishment of Japan Vacuum Engineering Co., Ltd., the forerunner of present-day ULVAC.
1952: Japan Vacuum Engineering Co., Ltd. was founded.
Each invested ¥1 million (equivalent to ¥25 million today) of their own money
Fascinating! Y’all must do it!
          Japan Vacuum Engineering Co., Ltd.
First president
Sought investment
  Great idea!Through vacuum technology let’s help create an affluent future for the up and coming generation.
Yoshijiro Ishikawa
President of Keifuku Electric Railroad
I want to establish a
vacuum technology company to help drive Japan’s recovery.
President of Matsushita Electric Industrial
Gen Hirose
President of Nissay
President of Asahi Beer
Yoshio Osawa
President of Osawa-Shokai
Chairman of Chamber of Commerce & Industry of Japan President of Dainihon Sugar RefiningCompany Foreign Minister
Six investors
KohnosukeMatsushita TamesaburoYamamoto
AiichiroFujiyama
    We will provide wholehearted support to a company wishing to establish the vacuum technology business in Japan.
Consult
Second president
Third president
Chikara Hayashi
Sagane Lab of the University of Tokyo
  1952~ 1960~ 1962~ 1973~ 1975~
1983~ 1992~ 2016~
        Automobile
Reflectors for automobiles
Vacuum evaporation equipment
Chemical/ pharmaceutical/food
Pharmaceuticals
High-vacuum distillation equipment for plasticizers
Metal/steel
Special steel
100 kg-class vacuum induction melting furnace
Liquid crystal display
LCD calculator display
Transparent conductive film deposition equipment
Semiconductor
Computer
(Photo: Courtesy of IBM Archives)
System 731
Electronic storage media
Discs
n-line sputtering equipment
FPD OLED
        Flat-panel display
LCD production equipment
OLED
LED production equipment
             History 1952
◦ Japan Vacuum Engineering
Co., Ltd. was founded.
◦ Opened the Omori Plant in Tokyo to start manufacturing equipment in Japan.
◦ Opened the Yokohama Plant in Kanagawa Prefecture.
1952
1964
1971
◦ Established a subsidiary in Hamburg, then West Germany, as a base for cultivating the western European market.
◦ Opened the Institute for Super Materials as ULVAC’s first research facility.
1975
◦ Opened the North American Office. Established a subsidiary in North America as a base for exports to the U.S.
1977
◦ Established KYUSYU ULVAC CORPORATION (present-
day ULVAC KYUSHU CORPORATION) in Kagoshima Prefecture to expand sales activities in the Kyushu area.
1982
1990
◦ Opened the Fuji Susono Plant in Shizuoka Prefecture, as a plant dedicated to semiconductor production equipment.
◦ Established a vacuum pump production base in China.
◦ Established a subsidiary in South Korea.
1990
I
◦ Changed the company name to ULVAC, Inc.
◦ Established a subsidiary in Singapore.
◦ Established a base for full- scale production and field support in China.
◦ Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
◦ New buildings of the Head Office/ Plant
(Chigasaki, Kanagawa Prefecture) completed.
2000
2005
◦ Established a large-scale production base for large LCD production equipment in South Korea.
◦ Established a subsidiary in Thailand.
◦ Established R&D bases in South Korea and Taiwan.
◦ Established a subsidiary in Malaysia.
◦ Established a production subsidiary for large LCD production equipment in Taiwan.
2007
◦ Established a base in India. 2005
O
2010
*Names of companies, organizations and titles are those at the time mentioned.
2018~
Advanced semiconductor/ electronic device
Advanced semiconductor
Semiconductor production equipment
◦ Established the Future Technology Research Laboratory in Tsukuba, Ibaraki Prefecture.
◦ Began manufacturing production equipment for large displays in China.
2018
◦ Established the ULVAC-Osaka University Joint Research Laboratory for Future Technology at Osaka University.
◦ Established the first overseas subsidiary in Hong Kong.
◦ Head Office/Plant completed in Chigasaki, Kanagawa Prefecture.
1969
◦ Changed the company name in English to ULVAC CORPORATION to promote exports.
1960
◦ Established a subsidiary in Taiwan.
◦ Established the Tsukuba Institute for Super Materials in Tsukuba Science City (present-day Tsukuba City), Ibaraki Prefecture.
◦ Opened the Beijing Office in China.
1987
◦ Established ULVAC TOHOKU, Inc. in Aomori Prefecture
to strengthen production of large-scale equipment.
1980
2001
◦ Relocated the Chiba Institute for Super Materials to the Tomisato Industrial Park in Chiba Prefecture to enhance R&D.
2011
◦ Established the South Korea Institute for Super Materials to enhance R&D in South Korea.
2010
2015
NRC
Equipment Corporation U.S. vacuum equipment manufacturer
Cooperation
1941:Vacuum Club
was established.
* 1950: Renamed Vacuum Technology Association
Jin Imachi
Mazda Research Laboratory of Toshiba
         1955
1968
2002
2016
1959
2003
1972
1995
1970
2015
1983
2004
2006
 5 ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 6
 Customers’ products Corresponding ULVAC products

   About ULVAC
    ULVAC’s Businesses
Across a wide range of industries, ULVAC is a source of numerous products and technologies that meet the needs of our customers and the market.
At present, ULVAC operates businesses in six areas.
Net sales by business segment (amount and %)
Net sales by region (amount and %)
Other Asia
¥5.6
 Europe,
North America and elsewhere
¥9.4 Taiwan 5 billion
%
billion
South Korea
    Vacuum Application Business
Vacuum Equipment Business 83
Ratio of sales overseas
3
¥ 30.6
64
¥15.0
% ¥154.8 17
billion %
%
ULVAC not only develops a range of FPD and PV production equipment but also offers solutions worldwide that leverage its development of advanced materials.
34%
185.4
16
24
8
  billion
billion
%
Japan
 ULVAC is a source of technology derived from vacuum-based production equipment for diverse industries.
ULVAC is a source of electronic materials, such as sputtering targets, for diverse industries. In addition, in the high- performance materials sector, ULVAC is a source of integrated manufacturing and precision processing technologies for titanium, tantalum, zirconium, niobium, etc.
ULVAC has been involved in
this business sector since the emergence of vacuum technology
in the 1950s. Leveraging the fundamental technology it has developed so far, ULVAC currently provides various solutions across wide-ranging industries, including the automobile, pharmaceutical, and food industries.
7 9% %
10%
Net sales in FY 2019
%
¥21.1
Net sales in FY 2019
¥66.7
%
billion
36
billion
¥67.5billion 36%
United States
  12
billion
¥185.4
China
%
   ¥
billion
Employees by region (number and %)
Southeast Asia
160
3
   7
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 8
Others
Materials
¥17.1
¥13.5
billion
billion
As a comprehensive vacuum
product manufacturer, ULVAC is also dedicated to the development of components. ULVAC pursues cutting- edge vacuum technology while providing a wide range of product lines, extending from vacuum pumps and measurement and analysis equipment, to components, such as power generators for various types of deposition equipment and vacuum valves.
%
%
%
FPD and PV production equipment
¥62.1
billion
Ratio of employees overseas
142
2
persons
%
  %
persons
%
49
Taiwan
% South Korea 9
persons
563
  Industrial equipment
¥18.4
billion
Semiconductor and electronic device production equipment
¥45.1
billion
661
Number of employees inFY2019
persons (As of June 30, 2020)
persons
China
1,572persons 25%
10
6,370 Japan
Components
¥29.1
billion
Higher integration and higher performance at lower cost are demanded for next-generation semiconductors
and other high-performance devices. Based on its development of super- miniaturization technologies for such semiconductors and other electronic devices, ULVAC delivers a stream of new technologies and products to the world that underpin the progress of society.
%
3,272
51
persons
 
                                                About ULVAC
    ULVAC’s Value Creation <Process>
As a comprehensive vacuum product manufacturer, ULVAC will contribute to the realization
of a sustainable society.
Value Creation
  Value ULVAC Offers to Stakeholders
Customers
Contribution to customers’ business activities, technological innovation, and value creation; offering of cutting-edge production technology, enhancement of productivity and quality, and reduction of environmental impacts through equipment and services
Shareholders and investors
Enhancement of corporate value, greater returns
Suppliers
Achievement of growth together with ULVAC based on trust and collaboration, fair and free competitive environment
Local communities
Creation of employment opportunities, industrial development, reduction of environmental impacts
Employees
Workplaces offering job satisfaction
Contribution to realization of a sustainable society*3
Major contributions through products and services
Value Offered by ULVAC’s Business P.13 Major contributions through processes
Partnerships for the goals
*3 Indicates relationships with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
           ESG
ULVAC’s major initiatives
Relevant SDGs
Reference pages
 E
(Environment)
・Environmental management ・Environmentally friendly
products
・Contribution to reduction of power consumption of various devices
  P.13 P.49
S
(Social)
・Quality management
・CSR procurement
・Occupational safety and health
  P.43 P.44 P.48
・Social contribution activities
      WEB ※3
*2
G
(Governance)
・Corporate governance ・Management structure ・Compliance
・Risk management
  P.33 P.37 P.40 P.42
 ・Human resources development
・Diversity & inclusion
・Health management
・Creating motivating workplaces
   P.45
       Intellectual Capital
Number of patents owned*1
Japan: 2,401
Overseas: 2,509 R&D and capital
expenditures
¥13.5billion Capital
Human Capital
Number of employees*1 6,370persons
Customer-oriented development, design, procurement, manufacturing, sales, and service capabilities
Priority Domains P.11
   Realization of the smart society Fundamental technology for realization of the smart society
Energy management, next-generation energy
Healthcare, life innovation
Construction, social infrastructure, mobility
   Manufacturing
Principal production bases*1 Japan: 17
Overseas: 10 Financial Capital
Coating business
Advanced
materials Materials
Customer support
Services
   Interest-bearing debt
Equipment control
Vacuum Application Business
FPD PV
  Social issues
¥ 49.8billion Shareholders’ equity*1
Control Analysis
Surface analysis
Vacuum Vacuum Equipment
¥
billion D/E ratio*1
Business
Equipment
154.3 0.32
  Social Capital
Participation in consortia and collaboration with universities and other institutions
Relationships of trust with customers and business partners worldwide
Industrial equipment Components
Semiconductors Electronics
       Basis for Value Creation
Quality Assurance
Product Safety Procurement
P.43 P.44
Human Resources
P.45
Occupational Safety and Health
Environment
P.49
Social Contribution2 Activities *
WEB
  9
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 10
*1 As of June 30, 2020
*2
For details ●▶ 
Website>>Sustainability>Social Contribution Activities
Corporate Governance Management Structure
Basic Corporate Philosophy
P.48 P.33
P.1
n
o
i
t
a
z
i
m
i
x
a
M
o
f
S
y
n
e
r
g
y

                                               About ULVAC
    ULVAC’s Value Creation <Priority Issues>
We are committed to realizing a society that is not only safe and secure but also affluent and convenient by offering value utilizing vacuum technology, which is indispensable for industrial and scientific development.
We will continue helping to resolve social issues in cooperation with our customers through the provision of products and solutions to them.
* Indicates relationships with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
 Social issues
 Market opportunities
ULVAC’s business activities
   Customers and their products
 Contribution to resolution of principal social issues*
Priority domains
ULVAC’s six businesses
Main value offered by the business
Semiconductor production equipment
Electronic device production equipment
FPD and PV production equipment
Components
Industrial equipment
Materials
 Progress of the smart society, advances in 5G and IoT, and establishment of network infrastructure
Aspiration for the progress of all industries and technological innovation
Diversification of semiconductor and electronic device applications and needs
Trend toward devices with smaller size, more speed, larger capacity and lower power consumption
 Realization of the smart society
Autonomous driving, agriculture, healthcare, virtual currency, etc.
    See
See
 See
Response to new semiconductor and electronic device fields and needs by applying vacuum deposition and other technologies and R&D of cutting-edge processes through collaborative creation with customers
   FPD, semiconductor, electronic equipment, and device manufacturers
Semiconductors: Memory, logic
DRAM, PCRAM, 3D-NAND, CPU, etc.
      Contribution to realization of an advanced, convenient, safe and secure, smart society
     Fundamental technology for realization of the smart society IoT, cloud, AI, robots, big data, drones
       See
See
  Functional devices: Sensing, communication (5G), display
MEMS, SAW/FBAR devices, OLED, etc.
     Environmental issues, such as global warming and climate change
Global energy issues due to dependence on finite resources
   Progress of renewable and low- carbon energy systems
Improvement in energy conversion efficiency
  Energy management, next-generation energy
    See
   Enhancement of performance of solar cells and power devices by vacuum deposition, ion implantation and other technologies, contribution to reduction of power consumption of various devices
  Solar cell manufacturers, battery manufacturers, etc.
Energy:
Heat generation, power storage, conversion
Solar cells, all-solid-state batteries, power devices, magnets for wind turbines
      Contribution to creation of a sustainable society by power generation, energy storage and energy saving
    Food safety and security, population explosion and sharp increase in demand for food in emerging countries, increase in food loss
Longevity, needs and progress of health promotion and healthcare
 Longer preservation of food and pharmaceuticals, volume reduction
Healthcare, life innovation
     Longer life and volume reduction of freeze-dried food, powder vaccines, drugs, etc. by vacuum freeze drying and other technologies
Food manufacturers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, etc.
Foodstuffs, pharmaceuticals: Freeze drying
Freeze-dried foods, emergency provisions, supplements, powder vaccines, etc.
   Contribution to human health, the future of medicine, and realization of a sustainable society with minimal food loss by means of safe and secure foods and pharmaceuticals
      Aging of infrastructure in developed countries
Development of industrial infrastructure in emerging countries
Wider gap between rich and poor
  Development of safe, secure and comfortable infrastructure
 Construction,
social infrastructure, mobility
      Enhancement of performance of industrial materials and response to new materials by applying vacuum heat treatment and other technologies
 Chemical and materials manufacturers, steelmakers, transportation equipment manufacturers, etc.
Industrial materials: Heat treatment
Glass building
materials, industrial materials, materials for transportation equipment, etc.
    Contribution to creation of a sustainable society that is safe and secure and comfortable
                   11
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 12

                                              About ULVAC
  ULVAC’s Value Creation <Value Offered by ULVAC’s Business>
Through implementation of the Basic Corporate Philosophy stating that the ULVAC Group aims to contribute to the development of industries and science by comprehensively utilizing its vacuum and peripheral technologies, ULVAC aims to be an enterprise indispensable for society.

ULVAC supports the smart society
The smart society, whose emergence is accelerated by IoT and 5G, is expected to become social infrastructure that can balance the resolution of the social issues addressed by the SDGs and economic development. ULVAC is helping bring about a smart society, whose attributes will include sustainable cities and communities, good health and well-being, and zero hunger, through technological innovation in semiconductors, electronic devices, displays, and other fields, thus contributing to realization of an advanced, convenient, safe and secure, smart society.

Addressing soaring electricity demand and environmental and energy issues
Environmental issues, such as climate change and global warming, and global energy issues due to dependence on finite resources are intensifying. ULVAC will contribute to the creation of a sustainable society by power generation, energy storage and energy saving through enhancement of the performance of solar cells, batteries, power devices, and other products. ULVAC will offer comprehensive support for digitization by helping address the issue of soaring electricity demand that entails the emergence of the smart society.

Contributing also to the food and pharmaceutical fields through comprehensive utilization of vacuum technology
While the population explosion and sharp increase in demand for food in emerging countries highlight the need to eliminate hunger and malnutrition, in developed countries, the disposal of food and food loss are increasing.There are also ever-greater needs for healthcare, including countermeasures for infectious diseases, greater access to healthcare, promotion of welfare, and development of vaccines and drugs. ULVAC contributes to human health, the future of medicine, elimination of hunger and malnutrition, and realization of a sustainable society with minimal food loss by enabling longer preservation of food and pharmaceuticals and safe transportation through longer life and volume reduction of food, powder vaccines, drugs, etc. using vacuum technology.

ULVAC has been contributing to diverse industries through vacuum heat treatment technology ever since Japan’s postwar economic boom. ULVAC will also contribute to development of safe, secure and comfortable infrastructure in emerging countries by enhancing the performance of industrial materials.

ULVAC’s Value Creation<Research & Development and Global Expansion> Research & Development
Ongoing value creation from a medium- to long-term perspective
ULVAC has long been a source of vacuum-technology-based products and materials indispensable for wide- ranging industries. Building on our strengths in vacuum technology, we will continue to promote innovative, pioneering R&D capable of addressing actual and potential needs and create high-added-value products and technologies, thus contributing to the progress of society.
To continue to provide innovative technologies and products in the everchanging market, our R&D projects undergo selection and focus in which a clear distinction is made between “development of innovative technology for principal products of the mainstay business” and “development of fundamental technologies in preparation for the future” based on analysis of customer needs and market trends. Moreover, our development structure leverages business partnerships with various companies and research institutions.
We are also striving to equip ourselves with the advanced technologies necessary to respond swiftly to the progress of 5G and IoT in line with the establishment of global network infrastructure and the smart society while flexibly addressing social issues, including environmental issues such as global warming and climate change, thus establishing a foundation for long-term sustainable growth.

Initiatives of the ULVAC-Osaka University Joint Research Laboratory for Future Technology
On November 1, 2018, ULVAC, Inc. and the Graduate School of Engineering at Osaka University established the ULVAC-Osaka University Joint Research Laboratory for Future Technology (hereafter referred to as the “Joint Research Lab”) in the Central Terrace Building of the University’s Suita Campus. Through Osaka University’s industry- academia collaboration framework, the Joint Research Lab is working to achieve practical applications of the seeds of basic research in
the engineering field, contribute to academia and industry based on medicine-engineering collaboration in the medical field, and develop highly creative human resources by promoting industry-academia exchanges. ULVAC positions the Joint Research Lab as a center of excellence for basic research and aims to create new value, including creation of quantum dot phosphors employing ULVAC’s proprietary technologies, which will lead to next-generation displays including full- color illumination, as well as technology for their mass-production, and the establishment of fundamental technologies in medicine and next- generation ceramics as part of development of application for the ultra- fast freeze-drying technology.
1) Development of next-generation displays (quantum dot, LED) 2) Creation of next-generation devices using photon spin
3) Establishment of a cell preservation technique using ultrafast
 freeze-drying technology,
etc.

Capital Expenditures and R&D Expenses (Actual and Forecast)
¥50.0 billion in R&D investments (capital expenditures for R&D and R&D expenses) is planned centering on the growing semiconductor and electronic device fields for the three years covered by the new mid-term management plan.

Global Network
Networks offering solutions to support industrial development worldwide
ULVAC has established optimal networks covering development, sales, manufacturing, and services not only for Japan but also for the United States, Europe and Asia.
To spur development by capitalizing on the global development system, ULVAC is promoting joint development with leading companies and research institutions around the world.

In regard to manufacturing, ULVAC has expanded a production system centering
on Japan, China, South Korea, and Taiwan. Going forward, we will emphasize improvement of production efficiency by promoting optimal production. Whereas each base has established its own local supply chain, the ULVAC Group will strive to optimize procurement by developing a global supply chain.

ULVAC’s customer support solutions pool the Group’s knowledge
Our customer support network (66 bases in 13 countries) in Japan and around the world underpins our customers’ production operations in a manner that meets their needs throughout the life cycle.We offer comprehensive maintenance service covering components and make proposals for improvement and refurbishment covering customers’ processes. Furthermore, by using information on customer needs as feedback for the development of new equipment, we aim to offer even more sophisticated vacuum technologies and service. We will also expand remote customer support packages utilizing IoT equipment for the future.

  TOPICS
Mining of materials for products
Effective utilization of resources throughout the life cycle and addressing environmental issues
Initiatives for enhancement of equipment recyclability and production technology improvement
Procurement of parts and consumables
Modification of equipment and machines already in operation, reduction of power consumption, maintenance that also covers components
Relevant SDGs
Customers’ plants sales of refurbished used machines
     ULVAC’s plants
  ULVAC is contributing to reduction
of power consumption, waste, and consumption of raw materials throughout the life cycle, including the customer support phase.
Rejuvenation, precision cleaning, and resource recovery
(extension of component life and the cleaning cycle, recovery of valuable materials, etc.)

About ULVAC
  Consolidated Financial and Non-financial Highlights
Consolidated Financial Highlights
Non-financial Highlights
労働災害度数率
ULVAC, Inc. (non-consolidated)
1.66
1.02
0.37
Net sales
営業利益
Operating profit
Rate of lost-work-time injuries
年次有給休暇取得率(%)
Voluntary retirement rate
(Billions of yen)
250 200 150 100
50 0
249.3
(Billions of yen)
36 27 18
9 0
All industries
Manufacturing
industry (%)
ULVAC, Inc. (non-consolidated)
1.98
231.8
220.7
35.4
23.8
16.0
2.0 1.5
1.06
1.0
0.5
0.0
1.63
1.15
0.00
1.83
1.20
0.00
1.80
1.20
0.00
6.0 4.5 3.0 1.5
0
        192.4
185.4
29.5
1.61
         17.9
2.54
       1.71
2.21 1.06
       0.00
    Net income
自己資本比率
Equity ratio
Localization ratio of presidents of overseas subsidiaries
(Billions of yen)
40 30 20 10
35.9
(%)
60 45 30 15
49.5
53.5
54.6
(%)
100 75 50 25
87.8
82.4
79.4
(Persons)
800 600 400 200
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) *Source for average data for all industries and manufacturing industry: “Survey on Industrial Accidents 2019” by
the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare of Japan.
ULVAC has been promoting various safety initiatives, including risk assessment, through the operation of the Occupational Safety and Health Management System (OSHMS), resulting in safe workplaces. With “safety first” as the Group’s principle, we will redouble our efforts to eliminate occupational accidents. For details
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
P.48
We recognize that people are the source of sustainable value creation and our most important asset. Retention of talented human resources is a prerequisite for continuous technological innovation in a rapidly changing industry. We will continue efforts to retain human resources by pursuing various initiatives. For details P.45
Number of people participating in vacuum demonstration classes
       40.2
78.8
81.8
605 602
  24.5
33.2
    16.7
18.7
    10.8
252
    0000
    2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Convinced it is preferable to appoint people of the respective countries and regions to be in charge of management of overseas bases, we have been fostering and promoting local managers and next-generation executives and are promoting assignment of local employees to important positions overseas.
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
ROE (Return on equity)
有利子負債
CO2 emissions
Waste emissions
(%)
30
20
10
28.5
29.2
(Billions of yen)
80 60 40 20
(t-CO2) 100,000
75,000 50,000 25,000
■
87,406
Group companies overseas ■
91,886
■
Total amount of waste recycled (t)
●
Final landfill disposal rate (%)
(%)
4.9 6.0
Interest-bearing debt
■
Amount of valuable materials recycled (t)   ■ Amount of landfill (t)
91,7212
88,961
( t )
10,000 7,500 5,000 2,500
For details P.45
Group companies in Japan
83,929
ULVAC holds vacuum demonstration classes and plant tours for local schools and other public institutions and for people in local communities. As part of our collaboration with Chigasaki City on education in recent years, we are vigorously conducting activities designed to encourage as many young people as possible to take an informed interest in science, since the future leaders in the Shonan area will be drawn from their ranks, for example by holding classes for high school students on the world of work and offering junior high school students opportunities to gain experience in the workplace.
For details ●▶  Website>>Sustainability>Social Contribution Activities
       21.9
62.7
313
   28,248
33,796
 30,516
437
465
    31,764
33,318
    49.8
214
8,479
359 4.2
385 4.5
7,093 346
4.5 6,007 3.0
1,580 1.5
    7,072
 12.5
42.7
35.7
35.6
7,197
     59,948
59,159
58,568
   55,165
53,412
   7.1
2.9
1,920
3.6
   2,313
2,222
2,236
   00000
    17
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
(FY)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
(FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Recognizing that electricity accounts for a large proportion of energy consumption, we are promoting energy saving in production and product development and evaluation while introducing facilities with excellent energy-saving performance. For details P.49
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
We are taking steps to reduce landfill disposal of waste and increase the recycling rate while promoting resource-conscious manufacturing, including design to reduce processing
losses and minimize waste materials.
For details P.49 ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 18
                                             ULVAC’s Vision
19
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 20
Commitment of Top Management
 Achieve sustainable growth through investment in development for growth, structural change and contribute to technological innovation
Setsuo Iwashita President and Chief Executive Officer
Realize the smart society and achieve steady growth
Contributing to the smart society by supporting technological innovation 
By comprehensively utilizing the vacuum and peripheral technologies cultivated since its foundation, ULVAC has been supporting technological innovation in diverse industries and achieved growth while contributing
to customers’ business expansion and society’s development.
The business environment in which ULVAC operates has been undergoing a phase of unprecedented transformation in recent years. This transformation
is taking place in the context of various social issues such as: healthcare systems, water and food, logistics, and transportation stressed by the concentration of population in urban areas, population aging coupled with a declining birthrate; and the growing frequency and severity of natural disasters owing to climate change. Nevertheless, there are high expectations that these issues can be resolved through the realization of a smart society where people’s life styles and industries will become increasingly electronics-oriented and digitized through technological innovation.
The realization of the smart society is supported by key devices—such as semiconductor memories and logic devices, MEMS/sensors, power devices, etc.—and fundamental technologies enabling large capacity and low power consumption of semiconductor memories and logic devices as well as miniaturization and enhanced performance of MEMS/sensors and power devices. ULVAC will respond to these needs for key devices and fundamental technologies by leveraging its strengths in vacuum thin film processing technology and fundamental technologies for equipment, thus seizing ever-greater business opportunities in the smart society.
Amid accelerating realization of the smart society
The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated realization
of the smart society while having a big impact on life styles and economic activity. Not only have measures implemented in response to COVID-19 compelled us to adapt to new ways of life and of doing business, but they also have spurred initiatives—the shift to remote working, digital transformation (DX), remote medicine, online provision of education, entertainment, and services—whose progress was previously gradual owing to various constraints.
Realization of the smart society is expected to accelerate with a view to solving various social issues. In these circumstances, in order to contribute to technological innovation, ULVAC needs to strengthen product development capabilities in the semiconductor and electronic device fields, which are growing markets,
and also improve profitability by enhancing productivity so as to achieve sustainable growth.
For the new mid-term management plan covering three years from FY 2020, we set a basic policy that has two principal elements: “investment in development
for growth (selection and concentration)” and “profit- oriented management through structural change.” I refer to the details below.
Steady progress of initiatives for business growth and value creation
FY 2019 business results and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
In FY 2019, the spread of COVID-19 imposed severe constraints on economic activity worldwide, resulting
in rapid deterioration of economic conditions in the second half of FY 2019. Despite these circumstances, capital investment of foundries and logic manufacturers in cutting-edge processes remained firm and that of memory manufacturers, which was in an adjustment phase, showed signs of recovery. In the electronic device field, rising demand in line with progress toward the smart society, centering on IoT and AI, led to strong capital investment. Regarding capital investment in the flat panel display (FPD) sector, business opportunities on major investment projects related to liquid crystal display (LCD) for large-screen TVs had come to a cyclical downturn and investment related to organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays for smartphones entered a temporary adjustment phase.
Let me review ULVAC’s operations for FY 2019. For FPD and PV production equipment, orders received for LCD production equipment for large-screen TVs and OLED production equipment for smartphones decreased greatly and net sales of FPD and PV production equipment declined year on year. Orders received for and net sales of semiconductor and electronic device production equipment increased year on year because demand for sputtering equipment for logic devices and production equipment for communication devices and power devices was firm. Orders received for and net sales of components decreased year on year owing to weakening of automotive- and FPD-related investment. Orders received for and net sales of general industrial equipment decreased year on year, reflecting sluggish capital investment in China and Southeast Asia. Orders received for and net sales of materials also decreased year on year, reflecting customers’ lower equipment utilization. Owing to travel restrictions and constraints on business activities due to the COVID-19 pandemic, ULVAC’s business was affected to some extent as ULVAC operates globally. We established the COVID-19

                                             ULVAC’s Vision
Commitment ofTop Management
Emergency Response Headquarters, which I head as President and CEO of ULVAC, Inc., in order to ensure a timely and appropriate response to COVID-19 and we strove to minimize the impact on business activities
by implementing measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in accordance with the requirements of various countries.
As a result, consolidated business results for FY 2019 fell short of the initial targets. Orders received decreased 28.4% year on year to ¥156.6 billion, net sales decreased 16.0% to ¥185.4 billion, operating profit decreased 33.0% to ¥16.0 billion, ordinary profit decreased 29.4% to ¥18.1 billion, and net income decreased 42.3% to ¥10.8 billion.
Review of the previous mid-term management plan and achievements
Progress on the previous mid-term management plan (covering the period from FY 2017 to 2019) began strongly, but the results for FY2019 fell short of performance targets, due to facters such as struggling sales of OLED production equipment for smartphones, a cyclical downturn in investment in LCD production equipment for large-screen TVs, reactionary decline in investment in semiconductor memory, and compounded by the impact of COVID-19.
On the other hand, we made steady progress on
the key strategies of “promoting business growth”
and “enhancing the power of value creation.” For semiconductor and electronic devices production equipment, we achieved growth in electronic devices such as communication and power devices, and the entry into the logic field. For FPD and PV production equipment, we collaborated with leading companies
to begin development of next-generation large OLEDs. We also launched manufacturing innovations as the first step in our drive to enhance productivity and achieve transformation to a profitable structure.
Promote development directly leading to product competitiveness and improve profitability through manufacturing innovations
New mid-term management plan aims at transformation to a profitable structure
ULVAC formulated and launched the new mid-term management plan “Breakthrough 2022” (covering the priod from FY 2020 to 2022). Under this plan, we apprehend the trend of technological innovation for
a smart society as a business opportunity, and will achieve sustainable growth under the basic policies: “Investment in development for growth (selection and concentration)” and “Profit-oriented management
through structural change.” We will expand investment for the growth in semiconductor and electronic device fields, to strengthen the growing business. Regarding research and development, we will strengthen product development in response to technological innovation in growing markets. We will also promote manufacturing innovations on all processes from engineering and design to production system, aiming to improve profit margins.
By pursuing initiatives to expand the semiconductor production equipment business, we aim to double
our share in the logic market and meet customers’ expectations. In the memory market, we also aim to expand our share through entry into new processes while exploiting market recovery. China will be the principal market for electronic device production equipment such as equipment for power devices, MEMS/optical devices, and communication devices. Through our policy of strengthening development, sales and support systems in China where a big market is emerging, we intend to gain market share and grow sales.
On the other hand, regarding FPD, we intend to promote a shift from LCD to large-substrate OLED. Although sales are expected to decrease compared with previous years, we aim to achieve transformation to a profitable structure by promoting manufacturing innovations.
* For details of the mid-term management plan “Breakthrough 2022,” such as quantitative targets, please refer to P.23-26.
Forecast for the first year of the new mid-term management plan
The business environment at present continues to be pervaded by a sense of uncertainty regarding the future outlook, with the persistence of US-China trade friction and the possibility that the COVID-19 pandemic may continue for a substantial period of time. However, at the same time, we are witnessing increasingly vigorous investment related to semiconductors and electronic devices, in line with the progress of above-mentioned technological innovation for a smart society.
Sales and profit are anticipated to decline substantially in FY2020, due to a much lower order backlog at the beginning of the fiscal year, but we expect the orders received to increase, primarily for semiconductor and electronic devices production equipment, and FPD and PV production equipment. The operating profit margin will improve due to the progress of manufacturing innovations.
For FY 2020, on a consolidated basis, we forecast orders received of ¥180.0 billion (+15.0% year on year), net sales of ¥165.0 billion (-11.0%), operating profit
of ¥15.0 billion (-6.0%), ordinary profit of ¥16.0 billion (-11.4%), and net income of ¥10.0 billion (-7.1%).
Capital policy
Regarding the capital policy, we take into account such factors as financial soundness, the capital structure,
and distribution of profit to shareholders, while securing capacity for growth investment with a view to the future.
ULVAC recognizes the sharing of profits with the shareholders as one of its most important policies. On the other hand, operating in an industry that undergoes significant changes in capital expenditure trends
and technical innovations, ULVAC needs to secure sufficient funds for R&D investments in growth fields and establish a stable financial base, and thus intends to enhance its internal reserves. Therefore, the basic policy for distribution of profits to shareholders takes into account such factors as demand for funds, cash flows, performance, and the payout ratio for each fiscal year.
To create social value while achieving sustainable growth
Contributing to sustainability based on a long-term vision
The foundation of ULVAC’s business activities is the Basic Corporate Philosophy stating our aspiration: “to contribute to the development of industries and science by comprehensively utilizing its vacuum and peripheral technologies.” ULVAC established the Sustainability Promotion Committee consisting of internal directors and general managers in FY 2019 in order to examine how ULVAC can contribute to sustainability through
its operations over the long term, in view of likely developments concerning society and the global environment in the coming years, by rediscovering ULVAC’s origin and clarifying the current positioning. The committee formulated the Sustainability Policy: “ULVAC strives to create economic, social, and environmental value by comprehensively utilizing
its vacuum and peripheral technologies.” This
policy encompasses ULVAC’s aspirations to reduce environmental impacts and enhance health and happiness while pursuing appropriate profit through contributions to development of industries and science together with its stakeholders.
The committee is currently examining key issues (materiality) to be resolved or ameliorated by ULVAC over the long term. By continuously contributing to society through the process of resolving such key issues, our value creation will be materialized.
ULVAC’s approaches contributing to sustainability through business can be classified into two categories. One category encompasses the provision of products and technologies contributing to reduction of
environmental impacts, energy saving, resource saving, and resolution of social issues. The other category concerns contributions to society and the environment in the course of business activities. These approaches include, for example, responsible procurement and initiatives to reduce environmental impacts, such as reduction of CO2 emissions and waste in production activities.
ULVAC’s business is principally B2B, centering on the provision of production equipment and technologies to customers that are manufacturers of semiconductor and electronic devices or FPD. Our contribution to resolution of environmental and social issues is mostly indirect, mainly conducted in partnership with customers. We recognize that key issues that ULVAC needs to address going forward are how to promote our contribution
to sustainability from a long-term perspective as an enterprise aiming at global growth and development, how to translate that contribution into corporate value, and how to communicate it to stakeholders.
Commitment to our stakeholders
ULVAC aims to achieve an early recovery of earnings and resume growth by thoroughly implementing
the growth strategy based on the new mid-term management plan “Breakthrough 2022.”
Viewing this era of transformation as a growth opportunity, we will help create a more affluent sustainable future through our contribution to the development of industries and science. We hope for the understanding of all of our shareholders that the company is taking on new challenges, and look forward to your continued and increased support.
  21
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 22

 ULVAC’s Vision
New Mid-term Management Plan: Breakthrough 2022
Under the previous mid-term management plan, ULVAC tackled promoting business growth and enhancing the power of value creation in readiness for change in the market environment.
The basic policy of the new mid-term management plan is to promote selection and concentration of investment in development for growth, focused on the semiconductor and electronic equipment business, and pursue profit-oriented management through structural change. With this policy, ULVAC will emphasize strengthening the growing business, strengthening research and development, and enhancing manufacturing capabilities in order to improve profitability.
Technological Innovation for the Smart Society Realization and Lower Power Consumption while Pursuing Growth by Seizing Opportunities Created by Change
Review of the previous mid-term management plan
Under the previous mid-term management
plan, ULVAC aimed to achieve highly profitable corporate management by comprehensively utilizing vacuum technology, maximizing synergy, and cooperating with global business partners. We also emphasized human resources development
for the next leap forward and a corporate culture that relishes challenges. With regard to promoting business growth, in the FPD business, we secured an overwhelming market share for sputtering equipment used in the manufacture of large LCDs forTVs. Leveraging ULVAC’s strengths, we also began development of next-generation OLED production equipment. In the semiconductor
and electronic equipment business, we entered
the logic field, which was something we had
long aspired to do, and steadily expanded the equipment business for electronic devices, such as communication and power devices. At the Advanced Electronics Equipment Division, which is in charge of this equipment business for electronic devices, production efficiency has been an issue because a wide variety of equipment is offered to meet diverse customer needs. By promoting manufacturing
innovation, we have achieved productivity improvement. Regarding global expansion, joint development with leading companies and advanced research institutions worldwide has increased.
For enhancing the power of value creation, we emphasized enhancing marketing and original technology and product development, which led to achievements such as entry to the logic field and investment in PCRAM. Moreover, we promoted modularization of electronic device production equipment.
Regarding strengthening of the management base, ULVAC promoted human resources development centering on the next generation
of leaders while at the same time we promoted globalization of the management team by appointing three more directors who are not Japanese nationals. In order to revise and improve the management style of Group companies, motivated young managers with a challenging spirit were promoted to top management. We also began strengthening the information system infrastructure. Regarding financial soundness, the equity ratio improved from 40.2% to 54.6%.
Realization of the smart society
Memory
Low power consumption
  (Billions of yen)
300
■
■
■
■
■
■
ー
■
Others Materials
General industrial equipment
Components
FPD
and PV production equipment
Semiconductor
and electronic device production equipment
Operating profit margin Operating profit
Contributing to miniaturization, high performance, and low power consumption required for realization of the smart society
Progress toward realization of the smart society
is accelerating with the emergence of IoT, AR/VR, autonomous driving, biometrics, remote medicine, and smart agriculture.
In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has spurred digital transformation, including remote work, online education, and remote medicine, while the shift to a data-driven society is also accelerating.
Realization of the smart society is highly dependent on numerous semiconductor and electronic devices. For various sensors as well
as for the communication devices receiving and sending data obtained from them, and also for
the batteries that drive them, higher performance, multifunctionality, miniaturization, and lower cost are required. Furthermore, to handle the exponentially increasing amounts of data, larger storage capacity and faster processing are required for servers and edge computing, and further miniaturization of logic CPUs and memory is underway to respond to these needs.
Meanwhile, the progress of the smart society will result in a sharp increase in power consumption due to the use of numerous semiconductor and electronic devices. Thus, it is critically important to reduce the power consumption of various devices as well as of CPUs and memory.
Technological innovation to underpin the emerging smart society through miniaturization and achieving
high performance and low power consumption
ULVAC’s advantages
ULVAC’s advantages are largely attributable to
its involvement across a wide range of fields and diverse technologies, including vacuum deposition equipment such as sputtering and evaporation, components such as vacuum pumps, and materials used as film deposition targets, as well as its strength in customer support.
In East Asia, centering on Japan, China, South Korea, and Taiwan, where the world’s manufacturers of semiconductors, electronic devices, and panels
are concentrated, ULVAC has a broad customer base; a network of relationships with advanced research institutions; a network of development, sales, and customer support bases; and a network of production bases and suppliers.
In addition, vacuum thin film processing technology; underlying fundamental technologies for equipment, processes, materials, etc.; and collaboration with the world’s leading companies and advanced research institutions enable ULVAC to respond to technological innovation.
By leveraging these advantages, ULVAC intends to lead technological innovation geared to realization of the smart society and low power consumption so as to contribute to society while growing the business.
Leveraging ULVAC’s Advantages for Growth
Integration of
a wide range of fields and diverse technologies
    Miniaturization
Low power consumption
Sputtering
Logic ICs
Sensors
High performance
Communicating Devices
Batteries
 Vacuum Thin Film Processing Technology
Chemical Vapor Deposition
Components
  Etching
Materials
   Vacuum Evaporation
Customer Support
  250.0 231.8
249.3
  200
12.7
100
29.5
220.7
10.8
23.8
2018 Result
185.4
[Equipment]
Sputtering Evaporation CVD Etcher etc.
Strong networks in East Asia
Wide customer base
Network of advanced research institutions
Network of development, sales, and CS bases
Network of manufacturing bases and suppliers
Components Materials Customer Support
Ability to respond to technological innovation
Vacuum thin film processing technology
Fundamental technology for equipment, processes, materials, etc.
Collaboration with leading companies and advanced research institutions worldwide
  14.0 14.2
      8.6
     0
Result
35.0
2019 Initial plan
35.4
2017 Result
16.0
2019 Result
(FY)
 2016
    23
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 24
In FY 2017, net sales and operating profit (margin) virtually reached the FY 2019 targets. Thus, we upwardly revised the FY 2019 targets to net sales of ¥265.0 billion and operating profit of ¥38.0 billion. However in FY 2018 and FY 2019, net sales and operating profit (margin) fell short of the targets owing to a sharp decline in FPD sales and a drop in investment in semiconductor memories following the previous brisk investment as well as the impact of COVID-19 in FY 2019.
Solving Social Problems
   
                                             ULVAC’s Vision
New Mid-term Management Plan: Breakthrough 2022
The basic policy of the new mid-term management plan is twofold: “investment in development for growth (selection and concentration)” and “profit-oriented management through structural change.”To achieve the goals of the plan, ULVAC will strengthen research and development capabilities so as to develop products attuned to technological innovation in growing markets, such as those for semiconductors and electronic devices. We will promote horizontal deployment of manufacturing innovations that achieved good results in the advanced electronics equipment business across other businesses and Group companies, in order to enhance productivity throughout the processes from engineering and design to production and thus improve profitability. We will also implement initiatives to enhance the efficiency of Group management.
3
Enhancing Manufacturing Capabilities
Enhancing Manufacturing Capabilities
  • Improve profitability by enhancing productivity throughout the processes from engineering and design to production
●Man-hours ・・・・・・・・・・・ 50%reduction ●Manufacturingleadtime・・・・ 50%reduction ●Procurement cost reduction
35% or above
27.3%
2022 (FY) We will promote manufacturing inovations throughout the processes from engineering and design to production and
procurement in order to improve profitability through enhancement of productivity, including a 50% reduction in man- hours and manufacturing lead time, as well as reduction of procurement costs. Regarding technical design reform, we will work to enhance the degree of completeness of technical drawings and strengthen value engineering at the design phase by clarifying the equipment concept and the design philosophy in advance and grasping the specifications required by customers early so as to achieve design that can shorten the production process and reduce the unit cost of parts and the manufacturing burden. As for production process reform, we will pursue specialization of individual production bases by eliminating duplication of production so as to enhance productivity. With respect to procurement reform, we aim to reduce procurement costs by developing a global supply chain through integration of production bases’ purchasing organizations. We will also promote strengthening of the information system infrastructure to realize business process standardization and sharing of production information in real time so as to enhance productivity.
Enhancing Group Management Efficiency
 Technical Design Reform
Improving the completeness of technical drawings
Enhancing design value engineering
Specialization of production sites Improving manufacturing productivity Production Process Reform
Procurement Reform
Integration of purchasing systems Global supply chain redevelopment
Business process standardization
Improvement of productivity and business management
Strengthening the Information System Infrastructure
    Basic Policy
 • Investment in development for growth (selection and concentration) • Profit-oriented management through structural change
 Quantitative targets
Targets for FY 2022
Net sales ............... ¥210.0billion Gross profit margin ..... 35% or above
Operating profit margin ..16% or above ROE ....................... 13% or above
Operating CF ............. ¥29.0billion
2019
 (Billions of yen)
■ Net sales
■ Operating profit
● Operating profit margin
185.4
190.0
210.0
    ●8.6% 16.0
●9.1% 15.0
165.0
●12.4% 23.5
●16.2% 34.0
 2019
2020
Semiconductor
Electronic Device
FPD
Components Materials Customer Support
2021
2022 (FY)
  1
Strengthening
the Growing Business
In the semiconductor field, we have entered the logic market. Moreover, we intend to apply the logic miniaturization process to other processes and to secure its adoption by other companies. We also intend to enter the segment for equipment used in a new memory process. In the electronic device field, our aim is to expand orders received for modularization equipment by responding to an increase
in investment in power semiconductors, communication devices, sensors, etc. and to grow in the China market. With regard to FPD, we will develop mass-production technology for large-substrate OLEDs. We will also promote further strengthening of components, materials, and customer support, which constitute our stable base.
Strengthening Research and Development
• New entry into the logic miniaturization process
Growth through application to other processes
and adoption by other companies
• Resumption of memory investment and entry into new processes
• Expansion of proposed equipment through modularization • Strengthening development, sales and support systems
in China
• Development for mass production of large-substrate OLEDs • Transformation to a profitable structure
• Sales expansion in the semiconductor and electronics fields • Growth in parallel with equipment sales in China
4
• Expand investment for development in the semiconductor and electronic device fields • Enhance components, materials, and customer support
    25.4
30.9
Logic (MHM), PCRAM High-density mounting ashing
• Promote business unit-based management
• Strengthen management of Group companies that have their own products
Regarding Group management, we will promote business unit-based management to enhance management efficiency. We will also strive to spur growth of Group companies that have their own products.
Gross Profit Margin
     Strengthening the Management 5 Base
Business and organizational transformation
Goals
Achievement of growth
Measures, etc.
        2
We will strengthen product development in response
to technological innovation in the semiconductor and electronic device fields, which will be pillars for growth from now on. Selection and concentration in growth
fields will be promoted through integration of laboratories and sharing of technology and product roadmaps with customers. We will also strengthen the global development system, including promotion of joint development of cutting-edge technologies with leading companies worldwide.
Strengthen product development in response to technological innovation in growing markets
Semiconductor and Electronic Device: FPD
In order to ensure R&D and manufacturing capabilities are strengthened, it is necessary to change conventional ways of doing work. As well as developing human resources with initiative who are predisposed to change, we will endeavor to create a framework and environment in which diverse human resources can play active roles. Moreover, we will promote strengthening of the information system infrastructure, which will support sharing of Group management information and faster management decision-making and enhancement of productivity. Regarding the financial base, we will strengthen cash flow management in order to enhance our ability to invest in development in growing fields and to further improve capital efficiency.
  5.5 : 4.5
6 : 4
7 : 3
Selection and concentration
Shifting focus to product development
      (Billions of yen)
■ R&D investment
Total of R&D investment and R&D expenses
Etching for communication devices Optical film sputter
G10.5 sputter for large TVs
Magnetic levitation transport for large substrates
 25
2011-2013 2014-2016
2017-2019
2020-2022
(FY)
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 26
Human resources development and activation
• Cultivating human resources with initiative who are constantly challenging
• Creating a framework and environment in which diverse human resources can play active roles
• Nurturing of the next-generation leaders • Visualization of human capital
• Diversity
 • Strengthen product development in response to technological innovation in growing markets
  Strengthening of the information system infrastructure
• Sharing of Group management information and faster management decision-making
• Improvement of productivity and business management
[Total investment of ¥3.5 billion over 5 years]
• Business process standardization
• Global and optimal procurement (Efficient ordering)
 1. Shift investment into the development of semiconductors and electronics 2. Strengthen global development system
Joint development of cutting-edge technologies with the world’s leading companies 3. Shift in emphasis from process development to product development
4. Integration of laboratories
5. Share technology and product roadmaps with customers
  50.0
Strengthening of the financial base
• Enhancement of development investment capabilities
• Improvement of capital efficiency
• Further strengthening of the financial structure
• Further improvement of capital efficiency by strengthening cash flow management
• Aim to achieve ROE of 13% or higher and operating cash flow of ¥29.0 billion while maintaining financial stability (Estimated equity ratio: 60%)
   44.6

                                             ULVAC’s Vision
 Vacuum Equipment Business
Semiconductor Production Equipment
Vacuum Equipment Business
Electronic Device Production Equipment
We aim to achieve growth of the semiconductor production equipment business outperforming the market growth rate by continuing to capitalize on investment trends and advanced technological trends in the semiconductor market.
To accomplish this, we will endeavor to seize growth opportunities based on our business strategy emphasizing responsiveness to the needs and trust of customers.
Tomoyasu Kondo
Senior Executive Officer,
General Manager of Semiconductor Equipment Division
Orders received (Billions of yen)
Electronic devices are indispensable in contemporary society. Emergence of the smart society and the spread of remote work are providing a tailwind for the electronic device market. Sensor and communication technologies will continue to develop and evolve. Moreover, the trends toward energy saving and electrification are spurring growth of the power device market.
We aim to further expand business in the electronic device market.
Tetsuya Shimada
Managing Executive Officer,
General Manager of Advanced Electronics Equipment Division
Orders received (Billions of yen)
  35 28 21 14
7 0
2016
2017
2018
2019
(Forecast)
2020 (FY)
30 24 18 12
6 0
2016
2017
2018 2019
(Forecast)
2020 (FY)
                        Review of FY 2019
We got off to a strong start with order-reciving in the first half of FY 2019, benefitting from the momentum of the electronic device market. However, in the second half, business opportunities stalled and installation of equipment was suspended owing to travel restrictions because
of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, both orders received and sales fell short of the annual targets. In these circumstances, we continued our efforts to strengthen manufacturing capabilities and were able to promote transformation to a profitable structure. By the end of FY 2019, there were indications of a recovery in business opportunities. In FY 2020, despite the continuing impact of COVID-19, we will promote new business opportunities and facilitate installation of equipment by local subsidiaries to expand the business.
Priority fields
Medium- to long-term outlook of the market environment
Since demand for electronic devices will increase with the advent of the smart society and owing to the spread of remote work, the market is expected to continue growing. Although Japanese companies still have a strong presence in the electronic device field, growth of the electronic device market is expected to center on China and elsewhere in Asia. Electronic devices related to the evolution of sensing technology, communication technology, and low-power- consumption equipment represent opportunities for the advanced electronics equipment business. Devices are evolving and we need to continue offering equipment that can keep pace with this evolution. While enhancing existing technology, careful monitoring of technological trends is indispensable since we also need to be capable of swift development in response to innovation.
 Recognized Business Opportunities
1. Investment in mass production of leading-edge 5-3nm logic devices
 2. New processes and change in materials for leading-edge DRAM and 3D-NAND products
 3. Expansion of wafer level package deposition process
 4. Mass production of new memory such as PCRAM
   Conceivable Risks
1. Intensifying of competition
 2. Change in the semiconductor business structure due to prolonged U.S.-China trade friction
 3. Delay in new product development and application to mass production
 4. Delay in expansion of the new memory market such as PCRAM
 Recognized Business Opportunities
1. Realization of the smart society
 2. Manufacturing and mass production of electronic devices in Asia
 3. Exponential evolution and improvement of electronic devices
   Priority fields
 Final products
  Communication devices Optical devices Electronic devices (MEMS)
Smartphones Smart devices
3D sensors In-vehicle displays 5G-ready equipment
   Devices for EV application Power devices Industrial robots
 Medium- to long-term outlook of the market
Energy-saving equipment
 Smartphones Electronic packaging High-speed data servers
IoT devices
  Measures for Reducing Risks and Maximizing Opportunities
1. Develop products by embracing customer requirements through steady marketing and develop differentiation technology
 2. Promote joint development with customers leading the market
 3. Strengthen support for development and mass production of leading-edge devices
 4. Strengthen support for development and mass-production launch by new customers
 5. Provide thorough support to customers that manufacture new types of memory such as PCRAM and maintain 100% market share
  Conceivable Risks
1. Constraints on the China business due to intensifying U.S.-China trade friction
 2. Sluggish consumption (automobiles etc.) due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which may not abate for some time
 3. Growth of Chinese competitors
    Measures for Reducing Risks and Maximizing Opportunities
1. Enhance production efficiency through equipment standardization
 2. Strengthen installation by local subsidiaries
 3. Strengthen and increase the speed of equipment development
 4. Disperse development functions overseas
 27
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 28
Review of FY 2019
In the wake of memory manufacturers’ vigorous investment that peaked in 2018, the business environment was challenging in 2019 and in the first half of 2020 because of a marked tendency to postpone investment, albeit briefly, due to oversupply and price declines. Investment is expected to resume moderately from the second half of 2020 onward and we expect the recovery trend to give us a tailwind.
Meanwhile, in the logic/foundry market, a growing number of major customers are adopting our sputtering equipment for the process that requires extreme ultraviolet lithography (EUV) and joint development for new processes is becoming vigorous. Thus, further growth in this market is expected.
Regarding the sputtering process of PCRAM nonvolatile memory, which has good prospects for future market growth, our equipment continues to be adopted not only by our existing customers but also for development and pilot lines by all other customers who are planning mass production, although investment in mass production has temporarily halted.
To build on these accomplishments and progress, we are promoting initiatives to further reinforce the foundation for growth by strengthening sales & marketing, production, and customer support systems.
Medium- to long-term outlook of the market environment
In line with continuing to rise data traffic in the emerging smart society, semiconductor devices continue to evolve and grow through the expansion of equipment, servers, and edge computing for big data processing. Despite fluctuations from year to year, investment in the memory and logic device segments is on an upward trajectory over the medium to long term.
As we have entered the logic market in addition to
the memory market, we now have two pillars sustaining ULVAC’s growth. Based on a business growth strategy unique to ULVAC, we will pursue business development and product development different from other major competing equipment manufacturers to fulfill needs associated with leading-edge devices.

                                             ULVAC’s Vision
Vacuum Equipment Business
FPD and PV Production Equipment
Vacuum Equipment Business
Components
The vacuum components business is becoming increasingly borderless and competition with European and American manufacturers is inevitable. In order to prevail, we are developing a global marketing structure, enhancing efficiency of production systems, strengthening quality management systems, and establishing systems for developing products attuned to market needs.
Ju Hoon Shin
Executive Officer,
General Manager of Components Division
In the promising OLED and lithium-ion battery markets, we offer ever- more advanced products to customers by capitalizing on ULVAC’s unique strengths in large-substrate sputtering and substrate transport technologies, thus strengthening profitability.
Yasuo Shimizu
Executive Officer,
General Manager of FPD• PV Division
Orders received (Billions of yen) 120
Orders received (Billions of yen) 40
      96 72 48 24
0
2016
2017
2018
2019
(Forecast)
2020 (FY)
32 24 16
8 0
(Forecast)
2020 (FY)
                2016
2017
2018 2019
 Review of FY 2019
We engaged in continuous improvement activities for G10.5 sputtering equipment for large LCD TVs and maintained an overwhelming share of this market segment. However, business opportunities on major investment projects related to large LCD TVs had come to a cyclical downturn and investment related to OLED for smartphones entered a temporary adjustment phase. Moreover, extensive constraints on economic activity in line with the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a great decrease in orders received compared with the previous fiscal year. Although the impact on net sales was limited because of a substantial order backlog at the beginning of the fiscal year, net sales were still far below the target and the level of the previous fiscal year. In order to adapt to such a drastic change in the market environment, we began initiatives in the second half to transform the business structure. There are signs that the situation is improving; for example, we received an order for a large investment project for sputtering equipment for small and medium-sized OLED.
Medium- to long-term outlook of the market environment
Remote work and non-face-to-face communication, such as online meetings, are spreading rapidly owing to the COVID-19 pandemic and a perception that it may not abate for some time.
In response to these changes in the social environment, there are increasing needs for OLED displays because they can emulate face-to-face communication with superior color reproduction
and responsiveness to achieve a more realistic and immersive experience. In line with this trend, developments targeting higher definition, use of larger substrates and mass-production systems are gaining momentum.
The impact of the expansion of non-face-to-face communication is far-reaching and by no means limited to displays. Along with the progress of the smart society, an increase in opportunities to use electronic devices, such as wearable speakers and smartwatches, will expand demand for lithium-ion batteries that are safe and portable.
We will respond to these expanding new needs, in addition to existing sputtering technologies, and achieving technological differentiation through collaboration with leading companies with the aim of enhancing profitability.
 Recognized Business Opportunities
1. Large equipment suitable for mass production of high-definition, large OLED
 2. Sputtering equipment for small and medium-sized OLED
 3. Evaporation roll coaters for production of electrode parts that enhance safety of lithium-ion batteries
    Conceivable Risks
1. Decline in investment because the COVID-19 pandemic may not abate for a considerable time and delay in orders received and sales due to restrictions on movement
 2. Constraints on the China business due to intensifying U.S.-China trade friction
 3. Delay in the shift and adaption to complex next-generation technology
 4. Declines in sales prices and profit due to price competition
 Measures for Reducing Risks and Maximizing Opportunities
1. Jointly develop advanced technology with leading companies
 2. Strengthen marketing (particularly in FPD and lithium-ion battery markets)
 3. Strengthen manufacturing capabilities and develop differentiated technology
 4. Strengthen the system enabling swift response to customers despite travel restrictions
   Review of FY 2019
During the first half of FY 2019, order-receiving was sluggish owing to slowing investment in FPD and automotive markets
as well as a worldwide decline in demand caused by U.S.-China trade friction and other factors. As soon as signs of recovery became evident in the second half, COVID-19 emerged and a challenging business environment persisted throughout FY 2019.
In these circumstances, investment by customers in certain markets, such as the OLED and semiconductor markets, supported our financial performance.
By enhancing the efficiency of production and sales through integrated management of the Group, we promoted establishment of a system that will enable us to aim for further growth.
Medium- to long-term outlook of the market environment
In the OLED and optical device fields, we will develop
business centering on cryopumps. In growth fields, such as semiconductors and electronic devices, we intend to expand the lineup by launching new products with the aim of increasing our market share and cultivating new customers. In particular, we will strengthen cooperation with equipment divisions to maximize the competitive advantage of ULVAC’s components business with a view to accelerating growth centering on the China market.
By offering the optimum products for various fields, including analysis, medicine, and food, we are cultivating vacuum applications and promoting expansion of the cryocooler business so as to contribute to the enhancement of the comprehensive value of the ULVAC brand.
 Recognized Business Opportunities
1. Large-scale investment in view of big data and the smart society
 2. Expansion of market in emerging countries
 3. Increase of investment in social infrastructure improvement and in fields such as medicine, food, and air conditioning
    Conceivable Risks
1. Stronger competitors expanding business through M&A
 2. Intensifying price competition, market entry by low-cost manufacturers
 3. Prolonged sluggishness of the market environment
  Measures for Reducing Risks and Maximizing Opportunities
1. Expand business fields by strengthening alliances
 2. Enhance efficiency of production and sales to reduce cost
 3. Develop business focusing on growth fields
   Components
Components essential for vacuum equipment.
ULVAC supplies vacuum pumps, vacuum gauges, vacuum valves, vacuum leak testers, gas analyzers, power generators for deposition processes, etc. to vacuum equipment manufacturers, machinery manufacturers, etc.
Application example
Applications for OLED production equipment
Vacuum measurement
Advanced research, medical, etc.
4K cryocoolers for cooling superconductive magnets
Liquid nitrogen generators
           Cryopumps
Dry pumps
Vacuum valves
Film deposition controllers
Vacuum gauges
Helium leak detectors
Residual gas analyzers
   29
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 30
 
                                             ULVAC’s Vision
 Vacuum Equipment Business
Industrial Equipment
Vacuum Application Business
Materials
The industrial equipment business offers vacuum technology solutions involving thermal application. Our products include equipment for freeze drying foods and pharmaceuticals combining vacuum and heating/cooling technology, equipment for high-purity refining using vacuum distillation, and heat-treatment furnaces for various industrial parts. From the current fiscal year, we will promote consolidation of products in cooperation with Group companies and enhancement of equipment quality while strengthening the earnings structure by commencing structural reform of the industrial equipment business.
Orders received (Billions of yen) 35
ULVAC offers high-quality, high-performance advanced materials related to vacuum technology to the worldwide market. In view of needs in the emerging smart society and for low power consumption, we develop thin-film materials (mainly sputtering targets) used in the deposition process for semiconductors, electronic devices and FPDs as well as corrosion-resistant, superconductive high- performance materials, manufacture them at our plants and supply them to customers.
Orders received (Billions of yen) 20
   28
21
14 8
(Forecast)
2020 (FY)
         (Forecast)
16 12
      74
  0 2016 2017 2018 2019
2020 (FY)
0
2016
2017
2018 2019
    Review of FY 2019
Although the business environment was challenging owing to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we managed to secure sales virtually the same level as the previous fiscal year. Among thin-film materials, those for cutting-edge semiconductors
saw a steady increase in sales. Sales of IGZO target materials for FPD were virtually unchanged from the previous fiscal year as market expansion fell short of expectations. In China, the largest FPD market, sales of materials for cutting-edge displays such as LTPS and OLED grew but sales of materials for LCD (a-Si) were sluggish because of the rise of Chinese competitors. For high-performance materials, we executed capital investment with an eye to the future and made preparations to respond to the need for higher-performance materials and for increased production.
Medium- to long-term outlook of the market environment
One consequence of the trend toward realization of the smart society is that new high-performance materials are coming into their own in the semiconductor, electronic device, and the display
Materials business
The materials business centers on target materials used in sputtering, which is the mainstream method of vacuum deposition, and also includes development and manufacturing of functional materials.
fields. They are destined to eventually supersede traditional materials. With a view to facilitating the emergence of the smart society, we are actively developing new materials required in this expanding application field in cooperation with ULVAC’s equipment divisions and research institutes and together with our customers.
 Recognized Business Opportunities
1. Increases of sputtering thin-film processes due to increases in semiconductors and electronic devices in the smart society
 2. Switching to new materials as performance of semiconductors and electronic devices improves
 3. Switching to new materials in line with the trend toward larger, higher-definition, and flexible display panels
 4. Expansion of the business for superconductive materials and accelerators that use high-performance materials
   Recognized Business Opportunities
1. Growing demand for magnets, automotive parts, and pharmaceutical formulation in China
 2. New market for services geared to population aging
 3. Country-wide countermeasures for infectious diseases
   Conceivable Risks
1. Decrease in the market share for FPD materials due to the rise of Chinese competitors
 2. Intensifying price competition for FPD materials due to price erosion of large-screen TVs
 3. Restrictions on export and supply chain interruption due to U.S.-China trade friction
    Heat exchangers
Radiators, EGR coolers, electronic parts cooling, etc.
Vacuum brazing furnaces, vacuum leak testing
       Conceivable Risks
1. Rapid change in the pharmaceuticals industry due to large-scale M&A
 2. Decline of existing automotive manufacturers due to the progress of autonomous driving technology, the spread of car sharing, and electrification
 3. Rapid change in product value in line with the rapid change in the social environment
   Measures for Reducing Risks and Maximizing Opportunities
1. Promote joint development with leading manufacturers and influential private or public institutions
 2. Invest and manufacture in growing markets (regions and products)
 3. Promote alliances with partner companies
 4. Further promote recycling of materials
           Resin fuel tanks
Vacuum leak testing
 31
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 32
Review of FY 2019
Whereas we have a competitive advantage in the market
for freeze-drying equipment due to the technology that we have cultivated, the market for heat-treatment equipment was affected by continuing fierce cost competition in China, the main market for such equipment. In the second half of
FY 2019, we overhauled the industrial equipment business, starting from the manufacturing processes, including consolidation of large-scale production bases through organizational integration with the advanced electronics equipment business. Positioning vacuum brazing, freeze drying, and vacuum distillation equipment as the fundamental elements of the business, we strengthened business development in China in order to expand sales in the market for vacuum melting furnaces and heat-treatment equipment.
Contributing to the full spectrum of industries
The industrial equipment business is contributing to the full spectrum of industries.
Rare-earth magnets for electric motors
HVs, EVs, wind turbines, home appliances
Vacuum sintering furnaces and melting furnaces
Medium- to long-term outlook of the market environment
In the rare-earth magnet field, we will address the needs for high-efficiency, high-output, compact motors indispensable for power assist suits in the aging society, drones whose use is expanding in the service field, and human friendly robots
by offering vacuum heat treatment furnaces and vacuum melting furnaces in China, the main market. In the automotive components field, we will help meet the demand for heat exchangers for exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) coolers necessary for improving fuel efficiency by developing and offering vacuum brazing furnaces with minimal environmental impacts. In the pharmaceuticals field, new drug development is being promoted in the Japanese market, the market for generic drugs is expected to expand early, and sophisticated production technology is required for mass production of biopharmaceuticals. To meet demand in this field, we will introduce vacuum freeze-drying equipment and apply freeze time control and process monitoring, which are technologies that create added value. In the health food and electronic device fields, we will offer vacuum distillation equipment with high concentration technology for anti-aging products and high- performance resin materials, which are in demand overseas.
Sputtering equipment for large-screen TV manufacturing
Sputtering equipment for semiconductor manufacturing
Sputtering target
Acceleration cavity for high-performance accelerators (use of high-purity Nb materials)
     Pharmaceuticals and food
 Generic drug manufacturing Extraction of high-purity substances
➡Vacuum freeze-drying equipment, vacuum distillation equipment
 Sputtering target
 Measures for Reducing Risks and Maximizing Opportunities
1. Strengthen response to the pharmaceuticals industry overseas
 2. Cultivate opportunities for winning new orders created by accelerated electrification of automotive vehicles
 3. Respond to expansion in demand for products in the healthcare industry
   Semiconductor mask blanks business
We will respond effectively to increasing needs for miniaturization and higher definition in line with the expansion of the application field and the proliferation of types, reflecting the improved performance of smartphones, development of self-driving vehicles, and the ramp-up of demand related to IoT and artificial intelligence (AI).
Surface analyzer business
Whereas university and company laboratories were previously the principal users of surface analyzers, this equipment is increasingly used nowadays for routine purposes such as product inspection. Surface analyzers are being applied to more materials in more regions and markets throughout the world. ULVAC will continue offering surface analyzers with functions attuned to customer needs.

                                                                 Basis for Value Creation
 Corporate Governance
Basic corporate governance policy and structure
In accordance with its Basic Corporate Philosophy, “The ULVAC Group aims to contribute to the development of industries and science by comprehensively utilizing its vacuum and peripheral technologies through the mutual cooperation and collaboration of the Group companies,” ULVAC, Inc. works to ensure thorough corporate governance in order to increase corporate value over the medium to long term. From this perspective, we respect the interests not only of shareholders, but also of business partners, local communities, employees, and other stakeholders that are related to our business activities. We also value competitive and efficient operation, while ensuring strict compliance with laws and corporate ethics.
ULVAC, Inc. has adopted a company with a board
of corporate auditors as its management structure. Particularly important institutional structures include the Board of Directors, the Board of Executive Officers, the Board of Corporate Auditors, and the Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc.
is a decision-making body for important management issues. The Board holds regular meetings once a month, as well as ad hoc meetings as necessary to ensure flexibility. The Board of Directors comprises eight members, of whom four are external directors. Three of the external directors are designated as independent external directors. By virtue of this structure, ULVAC, Inc. is not only able to make
swift and efficient judgments concerning important management issues, but is also able to achieve fair, impartial, and highly transparent deliberation, as well as operational supervision.
Next, with the introduction of an executive officer system, executive officers exercise executive functions, having been granted a certain amount of responsibility and authority over their designated
areas, through delegation by the Board of Directors. ULVAC, Inc. also has a Board of Executive Officers that comprises a total of 16 internal directors and executive officers. The Board of Executive Officers holds regular meetings once a month, as well as ad hoc meetings
as necessary. By virtue of this structure, we have achieved more flexible and swifter business operations that are appropriate for a rapidly changing business environment, based on a clear expression of the responsibilities and authority of each executive officer.
In addition, ULVAC, Inc. has a Board of Corporate Auditors, which performs auditing and supervision
of management decision-making and business operations. The Board of Corporate Auditors comprises four members, of whom two are external auditors. Both of the external auditors are designated as independent external auditors. We ensure full auditing and supervisory functions through close links between auditors and the Internal Auditing Office and the independent auditor, whose independence is ensured, as well as through attendance and comments by auditors at important meetings, such as meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Executive Officers, and through regular meetings between the Internal Auditing Office and the President, etc. By virtue of this structure, we have achieved rigorous,
fair, impartial, and transparent auditing and supervisory functions, ensuring that each auditor obtains sufficient information.
Furthermore, we have a Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc. for instances that require objective determination of important matters, such as the appointment and remuneration of directors and executive officers. The Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc. comprises seven members,
of whom five are independent external directors or independent external auditors. Of the remaining two members, one is an external director. By having these kinds of advisory bodies for the Board of Directors, we are able to achieve fair, impartial, and highly transparent deliberations with regard to especially important management decisions, and increase the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Members of the Board of Directors, the Board of Corporate Auditors, the Board of Executive Officers, the Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc. are indicated in the list below.
Firstly, ULVAC, Inc. has a Board of Directors, which Corporate Governance Structure (As of September 30, 2020)
General Meeting of Shareholders
 Title
Name
Board of Directors
Board of Corporate Auditors
Board of Executive Officers (Note)
Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc.
 Appointment/Dismissal
Board of Directors
Recommendations
Audit
Appointment/Dismissal Collaboration
Appointment/Dismissal
Accounting audit
President and Chief Executive Officer
Director and Executive Vice President
Setsuo Iwashita
Mitsuru Motoyoshi
Masasuke Matsudai
Dr. Choong Ryul Paik
Hiroyuki Nishi
Norio Uchida
Dr. Kozo Ishida
Yoshimi Nakajima
Makoto Ito
Mitsuru Yahagi
Senshu Asada
Isao Utsunomiya
         Audit
Senior Managing
Senior Managing
External Director
External Director
External Director
External Director
Auditor
Auditor
External Auditor
External Auditor
Director
Director
           33
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 34
Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc.
President and CEO
Board of Corporate Auditors
Independent Auditor
   Board of Executive Officers
  Risk Management Committee
Executive Officers
Collaboration Collaboration
Internal Auditing Office
Audit
 Compliance Committee
  Divisions of the Company Group companies
  Chairman
Note: The Board of Executive Officers also comprises executive officers in addition to the above.
Observer

                                                                 Basis for Value Creation
 Corporate Governance
Directors’ remuneration
In order to ensure management transparency,
fairness, and appropriateness of remuneration, etc., ULVAC, Inc. has the Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc. consisting of external directors, external auditors, and the chairman of the Board
of Directors. The Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc. analyzes and compares levels of remuneration of other companies, and then provides advice about remuneration, etc. suitable for ULVAC, Inc. Following the recommendations by the Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc., amounts
of remuneration, etc. of directors are determined by
a resolution of the Board of Directors within the total amount of directors’ remuneration approved by the resolution* of the general meeting of shareholders. External directors’ remuneration consists only of basic compensation, which is fixed compensation.
A performance-linked compensation plan is adopted for part of internal directors’ remuneration, etc. Performance-linked compensation consists of annual performance-linked compensation based on business results for the corresponding fiscal year and stock- based compensation, etc. based on a performance- linked stock-based compensation plan called Board Benefit Trust (BBT), which corresponds to the degree of achievement of annual performance targets. Evaluation of individual directors, which will be reflected in the annual performance-linked compensation, is performed and the result is determined after reporting to the Committee for Appointment and Remuneration, etc.
Under the BBT system, the Company’s shares are purchased through a trust using the money contributed by the Company and are allocated to the directors
in accordance with the Rules for Granting Shares
to Officers set out by the Company. In principle, directors are granted the Company’s shares and money equivalent to the fair value of the Company’s shares at the date of retirement through the trust.
As annual performance-linked compensation is based on business results for each fiscal year, the Company does not have a policy as to its specific ratio to the basic compensation, which is fixed compensation.
* The maximum amount of aggregate remuneration for directors was set at ¥500 million per annum (including a maximum of ¥60 million for external directors) by resolution at
the 114th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on September 27, 2018. The maximum amount of aggregate remuneration for auditors was set at ¥100 million per annum by resolution at the 102nd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on September 28, 2006. Moreover, Board Benefit Trust (BBT) was introduced, separately from the above-mentioned maximum amount of aggregate remuneration for directors (excluding external directors), by resolution at the 112th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on September 29, 2016.
Evaluation of effectiveness of the Board of Directors
For the purpose of enhancing functions of the Board of Directors and thus enhancing corporate value, at ULVAC, Inc. an annual self-assessment survey of directors and auditors is conducted concerning the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Anonymity is secured as directors and auditors provide their responses to the survey directly to an external institution. Based on the external institution’s report on the survey results, the Board of Directors of ULVAC, Inc. conducts analysis and evaluation.
As a result of analysis and evaluation about the effectiveness of the Company’s Board of Directors
for FY 2019, it is judged that effectiveness of the Company’s Board of Directors is secured. However, in view of proposals for further enhancement of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors that have been submitted by members of the Board of Directors, we will continue to strive to enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Policy on selection of external directors and auditors
In order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board
of Directors by realizing multifaceted discussion at meetings of the Board of Directors, balance among knowledge, experience, capabilities, etc., diversity, and appropriateness of the size are taken into consideration regarding the composition of the Board of Directors. Based on these perspectives, the Board of Directors carefully selects director candidates. Regarding attendance at the meetings of the Board of Directors, efforts are made to ensure an appropriate number from the viewpoint of ensuring swift decision-making.
Initiatives to ensure effectiveness of audit
Meetings of the Board of Corporate Auditors of the Company were held 15 times in FY 2019 at which important matters concerning audit, including agendas for meetings of the Board of Directors were reported and discussed. Based on discussions at meetings of the Board of Corporate Auditors and expertise of individual auditors, auditors provide recommendations to directors of the Company, as necessary, not just at meetings
of the Board of Directors. ULVAC, Inc. secures opportunities for auditors to periodically exchange views with directors, staff of the Internal Auditing Office, and the Independent Auditor on wide-ranging matters such as compliance and the situation concerning design of internal control.
Principal activities in FY 2019
 Name of external director/auditor
Reasons for selection as an external director/auditor
Attendance and principal activities
Akira Mihayashi
To receive valuable opinions based on his extensive experience and broad perspective as a corporate manager of other companies
Attended all 12 meetings of the Board of Directors held during the fiscal year and provided opinions for deliberation of the agenda as necessary, based on his extensive experience and advanced insight as a corporate manager of other companies
Norio Uchida
To receive valuable opinions based on his extensive experience and broad perspective as a corporate manager of other companies in Japan and overseas
Attended all 12 meetings of the Board of Directors held during the fiscal year and provided opinions for deliberation of the agenda as necessary, based on his extensive experience and advanced insight in Japan and overseas as a corporate manager of other companies.
Dr. Kozo Ishida
To receive valuable opinions based on his extensive experience, technical expertise and broad perspective as a corporate manager of other companies
Attended 11 meetings out of 12 meetings of the Board of Directors held during the fiscal year and provided opinions for deliberation of the agenda as necessary, based on his extensive experience and technical expertise as a corporate manager of other companies
Yoshimi Nakajima
To receive valuable opinions based on her extensive experience and broad perspective as a corporate manager of other companies both in Japan and overseas
Attended all 12 meetings of the Board of Directors held during the fiscal year and provided opinions for deliberation of the agenda as necessary, based on her extensive experience and advanced insight as a corporate manager of other companies both in Japan and overseas.
Senshu Asada
To receive valuable opinions based on his experience and insight as an attorney
Attended all 12 meetings of the Board of Directors and all 15 meetings of the Board of Corporate Auditors held during the fiscal year and provided opinions for deliberation of the agenda as necessary, mainly from a specialist perspective as an attorney.
Isao Utsunomiya
To receive valuable opinions based on his experience and insight as a certified public tax accountant
Attended all 12 meetings of the Board of Directors and all 15 meetings of the Board of Corporate Auditors held during the fiscal year and provided opinions for deliberation of the agenda as necessary, mainly from a specialist perspective as a certified public tax accountant.
 35
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 36
Policy on training of directors and auditors
ULVAC, Inc. provides its directors and auditors with opportunities for training deemed necessary in order for them to fulfill their roles and responsibilities.
Specifically, training for newly appointed external directors includes explanation of ULVAC’s organizational structure, businesses, and the management plan and visits to ULVAC plants. Moreover, visits to principal subsidiaries and plants in Japan and overseas are regularly organized.
For newly appointed auditors, ULVAC, Inc. provides training opportunities on a par with those for newly appointed directors upon the request of auditors. After they take office as directors and auditors, ULVAC,
Inc. provides them with financial support for training deemed necessary in order for them to fulfill their duties and encourages them to enhance their expertise. These training opportunities are reviewed on a continuous basis and updated as necessary.
Policy on strategic shareholdings
ULVAC, Inc. makes distinction between investment shares held for pure investment purposes and
those held for purposes other than pure investment purposes. We classify shares held for the purpose of receiving gains from changes in the share value or from dividend income as shares held for pure investment purposes and shares held for other purposes (strategic shareholding) as shares held for purposes other than pure investment purposes.
ULVAC, Inc. may acquire shares of a listed company with which it has transactions only when it is judged that maintaining and strengthening the business relationship with the entity by acquiring its shares contributes to ULVAC’s sustainable growth and enhancement of corporate value over the medium to long term.
Regarding strategic shareholdings, an annual assessment is conducted on whether or not to hold each individual strategic shareholding, examining whether the purpose is appropriate in terms of the benefits and risks from each holding or the Company’s cost of capital, and the results of this assessment are reported at a meeting of the Board of Directors. If, as a result of the assessment, it is judged that the holding of certain shares has little significance, the Company considers reduction of the shareholding of such shares.

                                                                 Basis for Value Creation
 Management Structure
Directors
      March 1984 August 1992 September 1995 July 1998 March 2006 October 2006 September 2011 July 2012 September 2013 July 2015
July 2016 September 2016
July 2017 January 2019 July 2020
April 1981
July 2003 September 2006 July 2012
July 2013
June 2014
July 2014
July 2015
July 2016 January 2019 July 2019
September 2019
June 2020
July 2020 August 2020 September 2020
Setsuo Iwashita
President and Chief Executive Officer
Joined the Company
Manager of Beijing Business Office and Shanghai Business Office, Overseas Operation Division Director and Chief Executive Officer of ULVAC (NINGBO) CO., Ltd.
General Manager of Chinese Region, Asia Division of the Company
Director and Chief Executive Officer of ULVAC (CHINA) HOLDING CO., LTD.
Chairman of ULVAC (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd.; Chairman of ULVAC (SUZHOU) CO., LTD. Director of the Company
Director and Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer of the Company; Chairman of ULVAC (CHINA) HOLDING CO., LTD. Senior Managing Executive Officer and Senior Manager of Management Planning Department of the Company Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer, Senior Manager of Management Planning Department of the Company
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
President and Chief Executive Officer and General Manager of Human Resource Center of the Company President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (current position)
Masasuke Matsudai
Senior Managing Director
Joined the Company
General Manager of FPD Division I
Director and General Manager of FPD Division I
Director and Executive Officer, Senior General Manager of Global Manufacturing Promotion Division Director and Executive Officer, Senior General Manager of Corporate Sales & Marketing Division External Director of SHOWA SHINKU CO., LTD. (current position)
Director and Managing Executive Officer, Senior General Manager of Corporate Sales & Marketing Division of the Company Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer, Senior General Manager of Corporate Sales & Marketing Division President of ULVAC TECHNO, Ltd.; Senior Managing Executive Officer of the Company Senior Managing Executive Officer, Senior General Manager of Customer Support Headquarters Senior Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of New Business Development Center of the Company and Chairman of ULVAC TECHNO, Ltd.
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer; General Manager of New Business Development Center of the Company; Chairman of ULVAC TECHNO, Ltd.
Chairman of Japan Vacuum Industry Association (current position)
Senior Managing Director (in charge of New Business Development & CS business) of the Company (current position) President and Chief Executive Officer of ULVAC EQUIPMENT SALES, Inc. (current position) Chairman of ULVAC TECHNO, Ltd. (current position)
April 1980
July 2000 September 2005 July 2010
July 2012
July 2013
July 2014
July 2015 July 2017
July 2018 January 2019
July 2019
January 2020 July 2020
April 1991 September 1999 September 2000 September 2012 July 2015 September 2016 July 2018
September 2018 July 2019
July 2020
Mitsuru Motoyoshi
Director and Executive Vice President
Joined the Company
Senior Manager of Accounting Department
Director and Senior Manager of Accounting Department
Director and Senior Manager of Management Planning Department
Director and Executive Officer, Senior Manager of Management Planning Department Chairman of ULVAC TAIWAN INC.
Director and Managing Executive Officer, Senior Manager of Management Planning Department of the Company Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer, Senior Manager of Management Planning Department Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer, Senior General Manager of Business; Strategy Headquarters Chairman of ULVAC (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd.; Chairman of ULVAC (SUZHOU) CO., LTD.; Chairman of ULVAC SINGAPORE PTE LTD (current position); Chairman of ULVAC MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. (current position) Director and Executive Vice President of the Company
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ULVAC (CHINA) HOLDING CO., LTD.; Chairman of ULVAC Automation Technology (Shanghai) Corporation
Director and Executive Vice President, General Manager of Management Empowerment Center of Excellence of the Company, responsible for associate companies; Chairman of ULVAC Tianma Electric (Jingjiang) Co., Ltd. Chairman of ULVAC (CHINA) HOLDING CO., LTD. (current position)
Director and Executive Vice President (in charge of Group companies) of the Company (current position)
Dr. Choong Ryul Paik
Senior Managing Director
Joined the Company
Joined ULVAC KOREA, Ltd. as Senior Director
President of ULVAC KOREA, Ltd.
Executive Officer of the Company
Managing Executive Officer of the Company
Chairman of ULVAC KOREA, Ltd. (current position)
Managing Executive Officer, Senior General Manager of R&D Headquarters of the Company
Director and Managing Executive Officer, Senior General Manager of R&D Headquarters
Director and Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Innovation Center of Excellence
Senior Managing Director (in charge of Innovation) of the Company; President and Chief Executive Officer of ULVAC-PHI, Inc. (current position)
Mitsuru Yahagi
Auditor
Joined the Company
Manager of Product Development Section, Vacuum Pumps Department, Precision Machinery Division
Manager of Section I, Product Development Department, Components Division Manager of Section II, Precision Machinery Technology Department, Components Division Senior Manager of Research Department II, Research and Development Division General Manager of Research and Development Division
Adviser to Senior Manager of Management Planning Department
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current position)
April 1983 March 2007
March 2010
July 2011
March 2014
March 2017
March 2018 March 2018 March 2020 April 2020 September 2020
March 1970 June 1982
June 1988
June 1991
June 1996
June 2002
June 2005 March 2011 March 2014 March 2016 September 2016 March 2017 April 2018
Hiroyuki Nishi
Director
External
Joined Nippon Life Insurance Company
General Manager of International Planning & Operations Dept. and General Manager of China Office
Executive Officer, General Manager of Europe, Deputy Director-General and General Manager of London Representative Office
Director and Executive Officer, General Manager of the Americas, General Manager of Europe, Deputy Director-General, and General Manager of New York Representative Office Director and Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of International Planning & Operations Dept., General Manager of the Americas, General Manager of Europe, and General Manager of Asia Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of the Americas, General Manager of Europe, and General Manager of Asia
Director
President and Chief Executive Officer of Nissay Asset Management Corporation Advisor of Nissay Credit Guarantee Co., Ltd.
President and Chief Executive Officer (current position)
External Director of the Company (current position)
Dr. Kozo Ishida
April 1973 June 1980 February 1989 October 1994
July 1999 June 2003 July 2003
June 2005
June 2007
June 2010
June 2011
June 2013
June 2015 September 2015
April 1980 February 1982 May 1997 June 2000 April 2002
August 2011 February 2014 April 2014 June 2017
June 2018 September 2018
Norio Uchida
Director
External Independent
Joined Tokyo Optical Co., Ltd. (currently TOPCON CORPORATION)
General Manager of Topcon Singapore Pte. Ltd.
President of Topcon Australia Pty Ltd.
Senior Vice President of Topcon Laser Systems, Inc. (currently Topcon Positioning Systems, Inc.)
President of Topcon Laser Systems Japan, Inc.
Executive Officer of TOPCON CORPORATION
Director and President of Topcon Sales Corporation (currently TOPCON SOKKIA POSITIONING JAPAN CO., LTD.)
Director and Executive Officer of TOPCON CORPORATION
Director and Managing Executive Officer
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, President & CEO
Advisor to the Board
External Director of Nabtesco Corporation (current position)
External Director of the Company (current position)
Yoshimi Nakajima
Director
External Independent
Joined The Yasuda Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. (currently Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.) Joined AVON PRODUCTS CO., LTD.
Joined Citibank, N.A. as Vice President
Joined Societe Generale Securities Services as Senior General Manager
Joined American Express International, Inc. as Vice President in charge of Global Traveler’s Check & Prepaid Card Service, Japan Branch
Country Manager in Singapore (President)
Senior Vice President of Japan Branch
President and Representative Director of American Express Japan Co., Ltd. External Director of Yamaha Corporation (current position); External Director of AEON Financial Service Co., Ltd. (current position)
External Director of Japan Freight Railway Company (current position) External Director of the Company (current position)
Isao Utsunomiya
Auditor
External Independent
Registered as Certified Public Tax Accountant
Opened Isao Utsunomiya Certified Public Tax Accountant Office
Manager of Welfare Department of Kyobashi Branch, Tokyo Certified Public Tax Accountants’ Association Representative Partner of Tsukiji Accounting Tax Corporation (current position) Director of Tokyo Certified Public Tax Accountants’ Association
Director and Deputy Manager of General Administration Department
Manager of General Administration Department of Kyobashi Branch
External Auditor of the Company (current position)
Deputy General Manager of Kyobashi Branch, Tokyo Certified Public Tax Accountants’ Association (current position)
    Auditors
Joined HORIBA, Ltd.
General Manager of Product Department I, Development and Sales Division Director
Managing Director
Senior Managing Director
Vice President and Director
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Director and Advisor of HORIBA STEC Co., Ltd.
Vice Chairman and Representative Director of HORIBA, Ltd.
Senior Advisor
External Director of the Company (current position)
External Director of Seiko Electric Co., Ltd. (current position)
Fellow of HORIBA, Ltd. (current position)
Senshu Asada
Auditor
External Independent
Registered as an attorney. Joined the Daini Tokyo Bar Association Jointly established Koju Law Firm
External Audit & Supervisory Board Member of HIMIKO Co., Ltd. External Auditor of the Company (current position)
Auditor of Judo Federation of Tokyo (current position) Councilor of All Japan Judo Federation (current position) External Director of Ahkun Co., Ltd.
Director
External
Independent
      37
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 38
April 1984 March 2008
March 2012 April 2015
September 2015
Makoto Ito
Auditor
Joined Nippon Life Insurance Company
General Manager of 1st Osaka Corporate Finance Dept. and Kyushu Area Corporate Finance Dept.
General Manager of Metropolitan Area Corporate Finance Dept.
Joined the Company. Counselor to Senior Manager of Management Planning Department
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current position)
April 1983 July 1995
July 1996
July 1999
July 2004
June 2011
July 2018 September 2018
April 1977 October 1996 June 2001 September 2007 April 2012 March 2014 June 2017
April 1997
July 1999
June 2011
June 2012
June 2013
June 2015
June 2017 September 2017 June 2019

                                                                 Basis for Value Creation
 Messages from External Directors
Risk Management
The ULVAC Group considers that responding appropriately to increasingly complex and diverse
risk factors leads to the creation of governance structures that contribute to the fulfillment of legal requirements and the creation of internal control structures, and by extension, the medium- to long- term improvement of corporate value. We are expanding systems that can respond appropriately
to risk factors through identification, classification, analysis, and evaluation, and we are working to increase corporate value by reflecting them in our management strategy.
 Norio Uchida
The business environment is changing at dizzying speed. In this challenging environment, ULVAC’s growth hinges on its ability to cultivate excellent human resources, achieve superiority in technology and manufacturing capabilities, and share information effectively. ULVAC is aiming to achieve profitable, sustained growth after a phase of structural reform and management base building. To accomplish this, ULVAC has to overcome the challenges confronting it.
The Company’s financial situation is improving and ULVAC must actively make investments
that will win the approval of external stakeholders while making thorough business selection and concentration the norm. I would particularly like to see a location strategy focusing on countries where technology and manufacturing are particularly advanced. In addition to maintaining a management stance focused on compliance and governance, the Board of Directors will proactively
Risk Management System
In regard to risk management initiatives, ULVAC, Inc. has established rules concerning its risk management system, classifying a broad range of risks from various perspectives, and designated the control offices primarily responsible for risk management according to the classification of risks. Furthermore, these risk control offices identify more specific risks and respond to them. We work to ensure that these offices efficiently gather important information in operating the risk management system. In addition, in order to share and evaluate information concerning the operation of the risk management system on a company-wide basis, we have a Risk Management
Risk Management System
ULVAC, Inc.
Committee, which is chaired by the president,
and mainly comprises representatives of the risk control offices with primary responsibility for risk management. The Risk Management Committee holds regular twice-yearly meetings as an umbrella organization for risk management, and it determines company-wide basic policies, monitors the state of management and administration, and considers any improvements that can be made, etc. Furthermore, initiatives at ULVAC, Inc. are implemented at ULVAC Group companies as appropriate for the scale and business type of the company in question.
ULVAC Group companies
involve itself in and supervise investment targeting the key priority of becoming a top global company, human resources development, strengthening of crisis management, and education to improve scenario capabilities for strategy execution.
Global human resources, world-leading technologies and manufacturing capabilities, information sharing, and proper and speedy management decision-making will form the foundation for the ULVAC Group’s future growth. Whereas reform is top-down, growth is a full-participation, bottom-up process. I ask that all employees maintain crisis awareness at all times, improve their adaptability and sensitivity to change in the environment, and aim to be business professionals capable of holding their own in the world beyond ULVAC. Let’s all work in unison to create a new ULVAC corporate culture.
   Kozo Ishida
COVID-19 has thrust the world into economic and social turmoil, triggering unprecedented political challenges for humankind. ULVAC has grown by engaging globally in businesses that broadly support industrial and public infrastructure by adding new technologies, such as plasma technology, to vacuum technology. However, ULVAC is inevitably caught up in the turmoil caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
To escape from this turmoil, not only conventional thinking, but also wisdom and action, are strongly needed at this time. I believe it is important to view this enormous social transformation as a great opportunity. We should exploit the next openings for growth boldly and deliberately, with all employees joining forces as a single united team, and return to the fundamentals
of manufacturing, with all divisions and Group companies accumulating improvements and
    39
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 40
innovating. Furthermore, the stakeholders expect ULVAC to demonstrate preparedness and the practices necessary to accomplish the objectives in the mid-term management plan with a sense of alacrity.
To that end, I think it is important to build up the strength needed to confront an unprecedented crisis by actively undertaking redevelopment of ULVAC’s human resources and accumulated technologies so as to increase resilience to change in preparation for the future. I intend to tackle this together with the employees.
Reporting and instructions for improvement
Risk Management Committee
Chief Risk Officer = President and CEO
Risk control Risk control Risk control office office office
Risk Management Committee
          Yoshimi Nakajima
Expanding its business as “A company needed by society” amid unprecedented change in
the business environment is both a challenge and an great opportunity for ULVAC. Clearly, transformation is required to strengthen manufacturing capabilities while improving our profitability and continuously increase market share by anticipating market needs. Furthermore, progress is being made in cultivating a mindset conducive to boldly taking on challenges without dwelling on past successes. I have come to this realization in light of management’s strong commitment and the dynamic bottom-up ideas and autonomous awareness activities emanating principally from young employees.
The challenge for ULVAC, which operates in the global market, is how timely and flexible the organization can be in changing itself in a rapidly changing enviroment. "Career path to secure
and develop human resources that will drive global expansion" and "Strengthen and establish organizational culture for change" are necessary to solve the challenge.
Based on my management experience at U.S. and European global companies as well as my experience of business in Asia, I have sought to continuously contribute by focusing primarily on human resources and corporate culture. I want to help realize effective and speedy reforms by continuing to make effective use of time spent in contact with employees in different regions and at different organizational levels, endeavoring from an external perspective to grasp the necessary actions and systems while offering advice with an eye to effective execution.
Chief Risk Officer = President and CEO
Risk control Risk control Risk control office office office
● Risk control offices are designated according to risk classifications and they implement risk management through a PDCA cycle.
● Each Group company decides whether it is necessary to establish a Risk Management Committee in consideration of the size of the company in question and other factors.

                                                                 Basis for Value Creation
 Risk Management (Continued)
Management of risks
Principal risks that may have a significant impact on ULVAC’s financial position, business results, and cash flows are identified as below. ULVAC examines measures to reduce these risks and utilize them as opportunities through discussion at a decision-making body such as the Board of Executive Officers.
Compliance
ULVAC views compliance as a vitally important issue. In addition to conducting awareness-raising activities so that each person in the ULVAC Group acts with a spirit of compliance, we are establishing and operating a range of institutions and regulations to ensure thorough compliance.
Market fluctuation
ULVAC has achieved growth by developing and introducing unique products in the field of vacuum equipment that are used, in particular, in FPD, semiconductor, and electronic device production processes. If a great reduction in customers’ capital investment occurs or customers’ financial conditions deteriorate owing to change in the market conditions, ULVAC’s business results and financial position may be adversely affected.
Under the twofold basic policy, “investment
in development for growth (selection and concentration)” and “profit-oriented management through structural change,” of the new mid-term management plan launched in FY 2020, even in the case of market fluctuation ULVAC aims to improve profitability by enhancing productivity and achieve sustainable growth by focusing on development in growth fields.
Research and development
By maintaining vigorous R&D investment, ULVAC has continued to introduce a stream of new products that incorporate cutting-edge technology. However, if development is significantly delayed for a compelling reason, resulting in delay in introduction of new products in the market, ULVAC’s business results and financial position may be adversely affected.
ULVAC is accelerating development, which
is necessary for growth, through selection and concentration of investment. At the same time, periodic monitoring is implemented for progress management in order to prevent significant delay in development.
Political and economic situations in various countries and regions
ULVAC operates an array of businesses globally. Various factors related to change in political and economic situations in various countries and regions may have an adverse impact on ULVAC’s business results and financial position.
ULVAC pays particular attention to the risk that tariffs and various regulations may be imposed
as a consequence of intensification of the U.S.- China trade conflict and will implement necessary
countermeasures. Meanwhile, it is expected that domestic production of electronic devices and semiconductors will be encouraged in China. ULVAC considers this to be an opportunity for business expansion and is working to further expand business in China.
COVID-19 countermeasures
It is a concern that worldwide travel restrictions and deterioration of the economic environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic may persist. ULVAC has established the COVID-19 Emergency Response Headquarters headed by the President and CEO and is striving to minimize the impact on business activities by implementing measures to prevent spread of COVID-19.
Corporate Code of Conduct
ULVAC has established a Corporate Code of
Conduct comprising 18 items, conducted education, and distributed booklets to inculcate a culture of compliance, in order to ensure that the execution of the duties of officers and employees is compliant with laws and regulations and internal rules, and that we fulfill our corporate social responsibility.
Compliance Education
ULVAC, Inc. is working to create a culture of compliance through awareness-raising activities. As part of this effort, we conduct periodic and ad hoc online training and face-to-face training on corporate ethics, export compliance, prevention of insider training, prevention of harassment, and other topics, and test the degree of comprehension.
Whistleblowing System
ULVAC, Inc. has adopted a whistleblowing system operated through the Internal Auditing Office,
which is an independent body. The Internal Auditing Office also serves as the secretariat for the Compliance Committee, and it is structured to give full consideration to confidentiality throughout the process of investigating the content of reports.
This system does not prevent the person making the report from selecting other institutions or organizations within the Company as the destination for the report, and in such case, the report shall also be handled appropriately.
Individuals making reports are not treated unfavorably in any way. Reports can also be submitted anonymously.
After a whistleblower report has been received, the initial response is for the Compliance Committee of ULVAC, Inc. to conduct an investigation in order to establish the facts. This investigation is particularly mindful of fairness, and is conducted judiciously and thoroughly. If necessary, assistance may be sought from external experts, such as lawyers, and thorough interviews that are as wide-ranging as necessary may be conducted and analyzed.
The president chairs the Compliance Committee and the members of the Committee observe a strict duty of confidentiality in carrying out their duties.
Handling of Violations
In the event that, based on the results of an investigation by the Compliance Committee, it
is deemed that a violation of laws or regulations
has been committed, then the opinion of an
external expert, such as a lawyer, may be sought
as necessary, steps will be taken to ensure that
the violation ceases with immediate effect and improvement measures will be implemented, and those involved in the violation will be dealt with after deliberation by the appropriate bodies. In addition, the root causes of the violation are also investigated in order to formulate effective measures for preventing recurrence.
  Recognized business risks
Impact of fluctuations in FPD, semiconductor and electronic device markets
Impact of research and development
Impact of the global competitive environment
Impact concerning securing of human resources
Impact concerning laws and regulations
Impact concerning quality
Impact concerning financing
Impact concerning information security
Impact due to currency fluctuations
Impact concerning intellectual property
Impact concerning safety
Impact concerning environmental responses
Impact of COVID-19
Other risks
(force majeure in various countries and regions)
 41
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 42

                                                                 Basis for Value Creation
 Quality Assurance and Product Safety
The ULVAC Group is engaging in initiatives worldwide to meet customer expectations for high-level, safe ULVAC quality through total quality management (TQM).
Procurement
Suppliers are important partners of ULVAC for manufacturing. ULVAC is working with them to enhance efficiency of the entire supply chain (from design, procurement, manufacturing, and sales, through to customer support), always being conscious of the environment and society.
 Quality Assurance System
38 ULVAC Group companies are ISO9001: 2015 certified. The Global Quality Assurance Committee led by the president of ULVAC, Inc. spearheads
a Group-wide effort to align quality policies and are addressing quality issues and deploying improvements globally.
was found in the reliability evaluation process for development of a certain product. We will analyze the causes, implement measures to prevent recurrence, and share this throughout the Group to achieve total quality management.
Quality Management Education
In order to raise employees’ awareness concerning quality at ULVAC, educational materials on quality management for new employees and for employees engaged in engineering, design, and quality assurance are registered on the ULVAC Academy Portal*2 so that they can be accessed remotely. In FY 2019, educational materials offered by external instructors (Grade 3 level of JSA’s
QC KENTEI (Quality Management and Quality Control Examination)) became newly available. Moreover, in order to develop human resources capable of advocating ULVAC’s quality philosophy, we are preparing to design and establish ULVAC’s unique quality qualifications and skill enhancement education.
Product Safety Activities
To deliver safe and secure ULVAC brand products to markets around the world, qualified safety assessors*3 play a leading role in product safety assessments and continuously engage in activities to verify the required safety and quality at the drawing release and product shipment phases. In line with expansion of production
in Asia, in order to establish an independent verification system at overseas production bases, we are promoting not only periodic information exchange but also group- based education in each area and exchanges of personnel. Non-Japanese quality safety assessors at overseas sites have started to play active roles. ULVAC is promoting product safety activities throughout the Group, which will lead to greater customer satisfaction.
Procurement Policy
ULVAC, Inc. has established, observes, and promotes the Basic Procurement Policy. ULVAC is also promoting CSR procurement in cooperation with its business partners in accordance with the “Requests to our business partners”, which is based on the RBA*1 Code of Conduct. In July 2019, we conducted a questionnaire survey targeting
our major business partners in terms of the amount of transactions. As a result, no serious problems, such as child labor, forced labor, inhumane treatment, fraud or bribery, were detected at any of the business partners. In FY 2020, in view of the RBA Code of Conduct and
the questionnaire survey results, we will upgrade the management system by reviewing the items concerning “assessment materials” for registration of new business partners and renewals in an effort to enhance CSR procurement.
Moreover, in order to maintain sound, good relationships with business partners, ULVAC established the Purchasing Code of Conduct, a set of principles emphasizing compliance for employees engaged in procurement, in July 2019. In-house education is provided every year for employees engaged in ULVAC, Inc.’s procurement and that of Group companies in Japan involved in production of ULVAC products.
Policy on Conflict Minerals
Conflict minerals are minerals that are sourced from conflict-affected and high-risk areas (CAHRAs) and whose extraction and sale directly or indirectly serve as sources of funding for armed groups or are root causes of serious human rights abuses and poor working conditions. The policy of ULVAC, Inc. is not to purchase or use 3TGs*2 and cobalt raw materials derived from conflict minerals.
ULVAC manufactures and sells sputtering targets
and various tantalum wrought products in the materials business. We conduct due diligence in accordance
with the guidance of OECD and RMI*3 through conflict minerals surveys covering raw materials suppliers in order to ensure transparency of transactions. In FY 2019, no procured items that use 3TGs or cobalt derived from conflict minerals were detected.
Revision to the Green Procurement Standards
ULVAC revised the Green Procurement Standards in August 2020 and began use of the chemSHERPA*4 declarable substance list provided by the Joint Article Management Promotion (JAMP) consortium. In
order to ensure the effectiveness of this practice, suppliers are requested to 1) implement ongoing environmental improvement through the introduction of an environmental management system and other means and 2) build a system for controlling chemical substances contained in products.
Integrated procurement system
ULVAC is improving procedures, systems and structures for procurement to realize global procurement at the parts level. Although we had been sourcing many key parts in Japan, we conducted benchmarking of suppliers worldwide and identified specific issues in logistics
and trade. As it is necessary to ensure confidentiality, completeness, and availability of purchasing data on
a system supporting global procurement, we have launched an integrated system for parts registration and for registration and evaluation of suppliers and begun standardization of management procedures.
  Companies in Japan
Group-wide implementation of the quality policy
Companies Companies Companies Companies in South Korea in Taiwan in China in Southeast Asia
Companies in Europe and NorthAmerica
 Individual companies’ quality policies and target deployment activities in accordance with the Group’s policy
Sharing of case studies and horizontal deployment of achievements and effective approaches
Quality management is promoted by way of thorough analysis of defects that occurred at a process within the process, implementation of recurrence prevention measures, feedback of findings, implementation of preventive measures, and process standardization activities.
Promoting green procurement
Promoting global procurement
Promoting CSR procurement
Basic Procurement Policy
Sound, good relationships with business partners and affiliates
Compliance with laws and regulations
Maintaining and promoting fair and free competition
   ULVAC’s Total Quality Management
  Process development
Product development
Purchasing Code of Conduct
(%) 2.3 2.5
2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5
1.6
*1 Front Loading
Concept design Mass-production design
Feedback
Value Chain
 Total Quality Management (TQM) System
Year-on-year comparison of costs related to nonconformity after delivery (non-consolidated)
60 40 20
0
*1
*2 *3
Quality Assurance
Number of qualified safety assessors at ULVAC
(Persons)
Communication with Business Partners
ULVAC, Inc. has been holding operations briefing meetings once a year as a forum for ULVAC management to directly explain to business partners the business environment and prospects and supplier meetings three times a year for the person in charge
to communicate production plans in a timely manner. In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have cancelled these meetings and launched a membership-based website in September 2020. In addition to the provision of information at the meetings, we intend to enrich
the content of this website to promote sharing of information and collaboration with our business partners.
         1.0 0.9 2015 2016
0.9 2018
1.0
*1
*2 *3
*4
ResponsibleBusinessAlliance.CSRpromotiongroupfocusedontheelectronicsindustry inglobal supply chains
Tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold
Responsible Minerals Initiative. An organization that inspects smelters and refiners handling 3TGs to certify that they are not using conflict minerals
Scheme for enabling sharing of information on chemical substances contained in products throughout the supply chain
 0.6
(FY)
“Front Loading” ordinarily refers to arranging or planning so that a large portion of work occurs in the initial phase. At ULVAC, it is an activity to create quality by identifying issues as soon as possible.
ULVAC’s e-learning system. See P.46 for details.
Safety Assessor (SA) Qualification is a qualification scheme based on third-party certification of machine safety knowledge and competence under international safety standards.
   43
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 44
ULVAC Group Quality Policy
Improve quality & reduce costs and L/T (lead time) to half
Maximize profits and customer satisfaction
 0 2013
The ratio of costs related to nonconformity after delivery
to net sales deteriorated in FY 2019 because a defect
2014
2017
2019
(FY)
Global Quality Assurance Committee (Central secretariat: ULVAC, Inc.)
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
   Customers
Services
Installation Logistics
Tests
Assembly
Parts manufacturing
Purchasing
Detailed design
Sales

                                                                 Basis for Value Creation
 Human Resources
To achieve sustained growth, vitalized organizations must serve as a foundation enabling diverse human resources to fully demonstrate their potential. ULVAC will strengthen its management base by actively engaging in organization and human resources development and focusing on cultivating the leaders of tomorrow.
Through UL-GAIA, our aim is to ensure all employees are aware of the importance of putting the Basic Corporate Philosophy and the Management Policies into practice in their work and linking their work to outcomes that contribute to achieving ULVAC’s vision.
Developing the Next Generation of Leaders
In FY 2019, ULVAC conducted the ULVAC Executive Program (UEP) with the aim of cultivating leaders who will persistently and aggressively grapple with global change. A total of 15 participants selected from among candidates at ULVAC, Inc. and domestic and overseas Group companies participated in the program over a period of six months. By combining UEP with the ULVAC Leadership Program (ULP), an education program for young leaders, we will focus on developing the next generation of leaders.
Groupwide Education andTraining
ULVAC has long provided level-specific education, starting with an introductory program for new employees and a program for employees in their third year. We are now in the process of rebuilding the education system, including these programs. First, to increase the basic professional competence of young employees, we are establishing a manufacturing education center and administration education center to ensure that young employees acquire basic knowledge. Furthermore, to provide training to employees
from Group companies in Japan and overseas, we will establish a course on the history, culture, and management strategy of ULVAC as well as other subjects and implement global personnel exchanges.
Human Resources Rotation
We are vigorously promoting human resources rotation in the Group, especially between ULVAC Head Office and overseas Group companies, as
a measure to promote the diversity and inclusion mentioned above. Moreover, by vigorously promoting assignment of ULVAC employees to companies outside the Group on loan and vice versa, we are striving to vitalize human resources and establish human networks while also expecting to achieve innovation through technical exchange.
Human resources rotation between ULVAC Head Office and Group companies
ULVAC Academy Portal
We are promoting e-learning throughout ULVAC based on the concept of providing an environment that enables learning anytime anywhere. Since its launch in 2016, the contents posted on ULVAC Academy Portal have grown to include some 1,200 items.
ULVAC Academy Portal now supports Japanese, English, Chinese, and Korean. Some 6,000 ULVAC employees have registered and are using the portal.
Principal contents
◦Message from the President
◦Video clips of seminars held in ULVAC
◦Engineering education on technology, design, manufacturing, etc. ◦Mandatory education for onsite employees, such as basic
product safety education
◦Education on trading and security trade control, etc.
Creating an Excellent Working Environment
ULVAC, Inc. is creating a working environment in which employees can demonstrate their strengths and originality while enhancing their productivity, and furthermore we are developing conditions and programs that minimize the impact of life events, so that diverse human resources can flourish and perform well.
Improvement of systems for flexible workstyles
ULVAC, Inc. offers a staggered working hour system and a flextime system. We also introduced an hourly annual paid leave system in 2020. The number of days of paid leave taken is increasing: the average number of days taken increased from 10.9 days in FY 2018 to 12.4 days in FY 2019.
Systems for supporting childcare
To assist employees in their efforts to achieve a balance between work and childcare, ULVAC, Inc. has introduced leave, holidays, and short-working hours systems that go beyond the statutory requirements. Childcare leave can be taken until the first April 30 after a child reaches two years of age. The short-working-hours system for childcare is available for employees who have a child up to the third grade in elementary school.
All employees who took childcare leave have returned to work. Male employees also take childcare leave.
Retention of human resources and transfer of technological expertise
Mindful that technological innovation is triggered by the integration of accumulated technology, new knowledge, and creativity, ULVAC emphasizes human resources development, the retention of employees, and the transfer of technological expertise. For example, we conduct a questionnaire survey of new employees six months after they join ULVAC, Inc. and their superiors, and any gaps in perception are promptly addressed.
The system for rehiring senior employees after mandatory retirement has taken root, and furthermore, we have set up a special employee system for post-retirement senior employees (after retirement at the age of 65) to create an opportunity for experienced employees to display their abilities and transfer their technological expertise to the next generation.
Basic Policy
In recent years, a shift toward the smart society
has begun worldwide. With the advent of a wave
of technological innovation, global competition is intensifying. Amid such tremendous changes, ULVAC, whose overseas sales account for over 60% of total sales, cannot operate business sustainably unless it provides an environment where people with diverse personalities and strengths can maintain physical and mental health, bring their differing capabilities into full play, and enhance one another’s capabilities through friendly competition.
At ULVAC, people with different backgrounds, in
terms of nationality, ethnicity, philosophy, culture, language, gender, age, and specialty, are flourishing. We respect such diversity and promote inclusion, and innovate to resolve customers’ and society’s issues. By doing so, we aim to continue to deliver new value that also leads to the personal growth of each employee.
Based on this policy, we are reinforcing the development of global human resources capable of thriving in a changing external environment in order to successfully compete in a business environment characterized by dramatic change.
  ULVAC Basic Policy for Human Resources Development
We are conscious that the most important resources for corporate vitality and competitiveness are the personnel and the organizations in which they work. We are conducting the following human resources development, based on our corporate philosophy and basic management policy.
 1. Human resources who respect other individuals, trust each other and fulfill their responsibilities
2. Human resources who can see the true nature of each issue and create revolutionary technologies and projects with passion and tenacity
 3. Human resources who are full of aspirations to improve themselves and take voluntary actions to achieve goals
4. Human resources who have a global perspective and aim to take leadership in exploring the world
  UL-GAIA 2019
ULVAC has held the Global Manufacturing Technology Competition and Global Business Improvement Competition for the purpose of enabling individuals to pursue productivity improvement and share the outcomes of their efforts. The aim of the Global Manufacturing Technology Competition is value creation through the improvement and innovation
of the value chain process, and it is positioned as a forum where the participants present the outcomes (benefits) of their initiatives and processes for resolving issues. The aim of the Global Business Improvement Competition is to create mechanisms and measures to inculcate ULVAC’s management policies in day-to-day work, maximize groupwide synergy, and strengthen cross-organizational functions to support resolution of issues relevant to two or more Group companies, and it is positioned as a forum where the participants make presentations on topics such as cost-reduction impacts, process improvements to tackle issues, and enhancement of operational efficiency and productivity.
Administration
Further improvement
Competitions
Training Daily business Engineering
Skills
 In FY 2019, we combined the two competitions into UL-GAIA 2019. Under the slogan Breakthrough: Passion and Challenge, 16 teams that won contests in their countries or regions gathered together and made highly original presentations. The name UL- GAIA, which is short for ULVAC Global Awards of Improved Achievement, was chosen to liken the ULVAC Group to Gaia (the Earth) and create an award for the pursuit of integration and productivity improvement on a global scale.
Number of
employees transferred (Persons)
19
37
Number of expatriates in Japan
(overseas Group companies → ULVAC Head Office)
Number of expatriates overseas
(ULVAC Head Office → overseas Group companies)
          45
2015 2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY)
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 46
Productivity improvement
 UL-GAIA 2019
(Production Technology/ Manufacturing Technology/ Business Improvement)
 46
35
60
37
58
51
46
41

                                                                   Basis for Value Creation
Human Resources (Continued)
Human Resources Data (non-consolidated)
For details ●▶ 
Website>>Sustainability>Human Resources
Occupational Safety and Health
The ULVAC Group has made “Safety First” the fundamental principle of business management. By operating our Occupational Safety and Health Management System (OSHMS) focused on risk assessment, we endeavor to ensure safety of the products and services used by our customers and create dynamic workplaces where Group employees can work in good physical and mental health.
 ● Employee gender ratio Male    Female
89 female employees
7.0%
Promotion
of Health Management
Priority Activity 1
● Management gender ratio Male    Female
● Annual paid leave utilization rate (%) (%)
● Number of employees who took childcare leave and the number of returnees
 12 female employees
3.0%
1,130 male employees
93.0%
354 male employees
97.0%
100
50 67.6 0
2015
66.8
2019 (FY)
Number of (CY) employees who started to take childcare leave
Number of returnees after taking childcare leave
2 0 5 6 2
Approach to Occupational Safety and Health
In the execution of development, manufacturing, transport, installation, maintenance and other business processes, everyone in the ULVAC
Group, from senior management to line workers,
is encouraged to seize the initiative in continuously undertaking improvements placing the highest priority on safety, striving to maintain and improve the safety of everyone involved and ensure a healthy working environment.
ULVAC Basic Policy on Occupational Safety and Health Management System (OSHMS)
1. Compliance to the code/regulations, and
implementation of risk assessment
Comply with Codes of Occupational Safety & Health Management and Rules according to ULVAC’s OSHMS, and conduct Risk Assessment in order to perform Occupational Safety & Health Management activities with the help of all the employees.
2. Assure safety of ULVAC’s products
Comply with ULVAC’s standard for safety design and perform risk assessment of our products, in order to deliver our safe products and services to our customers.
3. Planned education about Occupational Safety &
Health & Product Safety
For all the employees and contractor’s employees, perform Occupational Safety & Health training based on ULVAC Safety Management system, while offering scheduled Product Safety training for our users.
4. Promotion of mental health care
Promote mental health care to achieve a healthy, vigorous workplace environment.
5. Global expansion of ULVAC group
Through the Safety & Health promotion activities by the Global Safety Management Committee, we will try to create an appropriate work environment for the whole ULVAC group, and contribute to prosperity of our businesses.
Maintaining Zero Accident Record
To ensure the safety and good health of its customers and employees, the ULVAC Group regularly holds meetings of the Global Safety Management Committee, and all Group companies promote safety and health activities in an integrated manner. Each Group company operates the OSHMS, and everyone is engaged in safety and health activities, such as
       59.0 58.8
58.2
2018
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Return rate: 100%
5 0 4 5 7
management reviews conducted by the president and other executives and risk assessments performed by each employee. For example, hazards associated with chemical substances have been attracting attention, as indicated by frequent revisions of laws in recent years. We identify risks at phases from transport and storage to disposal at the work planning stage and are strengthening measures to ensure safety.
As a result, the Chigasaki Plant was certified by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for achieving
a Type-V zero accident record* (total of 15.7 million hours) in FY 2019 and the Fuji Susono Plant for a Type-I zero accident record (total of 3.1 million hours) in FY 2018. These plants are maintaining their zero accident records. With “Safety First” as their motto, all Group companies will continue their efforts to extend the zero accident record.
* The number of accident-free hours for recognition of a zero accident record is determined according to the starting date of the record, the industry type and the number of workers. A certificate of a zero accident record will be issued by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare when a business site maintains no fatal accidents or accidents with lost working hours for the specified number of hours. Zero accident record certificates ranges from Type I to Type V, with Type V being the highest level.
 2016
2017
(年度)
 Making further progress in creating a working environment that enables employees in excellent physical and mental health and good spirits to demonstrate their abilities to the fullest is important for the ULVAC Group’s future development. At ULVAC, Inc., the president, the Chief Health Promotion Officer, the senior manager of the General Administration Department, occupational health physicians, and occupational health nurses act in unison to promote health management activities. In addition to legally prescribed health checks, stress checks, and face-to-face guidance for employees who work long hours by an occupational health physician, the Company pursues initiatives for general health improvement, such as wellness improvement and reduction of health risks.
   Wellness Improvement
Governor’s Award in the Kanagawa Prefecture My ME-BYO Record inter-company walking program.*3
ULVAC Inc. has set a wellness improvement target of “An increase of 20% in the number of people who work energetically by FY 2020 compared to FY 2014.”
In addition to organization vitalization training conducted since FY 2014, since FY 2019 we have held a Case
Study Review Meeting, which encourages organizational development through the cultivation of complex problem- solving skills and interpersonal skills, including by simulating the experience of outside parties through failure case studies and problem case studies. We also provide wellness support by distributing to employees information on subjects such as how best to physically and mentally cope with stress caused by change in the working environment and on the promotion of good habits.
As a result of these activities, according to the findings of ULVAC’s organizational health survey, the percentage
of employees who work energetically*1 has increased compared to FY 2014 (Fig.1). We will continue to implement health measures aligned with our organizational policies to enhance organizational health.
Priority Activity 2 Health Risk Reduction
ULVAC, Inc. has set a health risk reduction target of “Health age*2 3.0 years lower than actual age by FY 2020.”
We provide lifestyle improvement support to all employees, such as an online education program that includes education about long working hours, sleep education, women’s health education, and pre-health check education, and a walking program that utilizes the PepUp healthcare platform.
Thanks in part to the effects of these measures, the health age of employees has gradually improved. In FY 2019, ULVAC, Inc. received the Kanagawa Prefecture
Fig.1 Percentage of Employees Who Work Energetically
Fig.2 Health Age 0
160
80
0
100
2014
149
2019
ULVAC’s Safety Management System
      0.8 -0.8 -1.6
-1.2
2019 (FY)
Global Safety Management Committee
Companies in Japan
Companies in South Korea
Companies in Taiwan
Companies in China
Companies in Southeast Asia
Companies in Europe and North America
          (FY)
(年度) 2016
President and CEO ULVAC, Inc.
 *1 The average score for all items of the percentage of people answering “5. I strongly agree” for five items concerning vitality toward work (five-point scale) in a survey at the time of application for a health check, with the value for FY 2015 as 100.
*2 An index developed by JMDC Inc. based on the medical checkup data and medical expenses of 1.6 million people. ULVAC, Inc. began measurement in FY 2016.
*3 Kanagawa Prefecture website: https://www.pref.kanagawa.jp/docs/mv4/prs/r2372098.html (Japanese only)
As a result of implementing these measures, ULVAC, Inc. has been certified by the Ministry of Economy,
Trade and Industry as a Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization (White 500), and ULVAC TECHNO, Ltd., ULVAC EQUIPMENT SALES, Inc., ULVAC Human Relations, Ltd., and ULVAC-PHI, Inc. have been certified as Certified Health and Productivity Management Organizations. ULVAC will continue pursuing various initiatives at domestic Group companies to maintain and promote the health of employees.
Frequency ratio of occupational accidents at ULVAC
  1.50 1.00 0.50
0
1.00 1.32
2015 2016
1.39 1.46
2017 2018
Group as a whole   Japan China
South Korea
1.29
Taiwan
         47
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 48
* This graph shows the rate of occupational accidents for each fiscal year, with the value for FY 2015 (as of June 2016) as 1.00. Although the number of accidents had been rising in recent years, this trend reversed in FY 2019 as various safety activities bore fruit.
2019 (FY)

                                                                 Basis for Value Creation
 Environment
Based on its environmental policy, the ULVAC Group provides products that allow customers to embrace the feeling that they have made environmental contributions.Through management and reduction of energy consumption and other efforts, we are working to minimize environmental impacts. As we have a global production system, we are working to gain integrated ISO 14001 certification so as to strengthen governance, ensuring information sharing among Group companies and swift implementation of instructions issued by top management.The ULVAC Group will continue its efforts to reduce environmental impacts through its products and manufacturing processes.
Major initiatives
GHD series of oil rotary vacuum pumps equipped with magnet coupling: ULVAC KIKO, Inc.
  Environmental Activities in FY 2019
Total waste emissions decreased 17% compared with the previous fiscal year.
This decrease is considered to be attributable to a decrease in the use of acid and alkali in Japan due to the change of chemical agents and an approximately 50% decrease in waste discharged by Group companies in South Korea and China.
We are also implementing group-wide initiatives, including visualization of wattage, concentration of locations where electricity-intensive activities are conducted, and 100% conversion to LED lighting for factories and offices, in order to reduce energy (electricity) consumption.
The ULVAC Group will continue to promote environmental management activities in order to reduce environmental impacts derived from its business activities.
Conventional oil rotary vacuum pumps have an oil seal at the rotor shaft to prevent leakage of oil to the atmospheric side. However, oil leakage tends to occur owing to wear and tear due to long-term operation. Also, when the pump is stopped while the vacuum status is maintained in the vacuum chamber of the equipment to which the pump is connected, backflow of oil from the pump to the vacuum chamber through the air intake pipe occurs because of atmospheric pressure. In order to prevent
oil backflow when pump operation is stopped, conventional
oil rotary vacuum pumps have a valve. As a solution to these problems, ULVAC KIKO, Inc. offers the GHD series of oil rotary vacuum pumps.They are equipped with a non-contact-type magnet coupling that transmits power using magnetic force
and eliminates the need for a shaft seal at the atmospheric side, instead of contact-type coupling used for power transmission from the motor to the pump.They are also equipped with a differential pressure sealing-type check valve directly below
the intake pipe. Design for environment is adopted for the GHD series, applying the concept of quiet operation, space saving, and no oil leakage. Compared with conventional contact-type models, the GHD series reduces power consumption by up to 20 W.
Management of chemical substances
GHD-031 oil rotary vacuum pump
  Material balance (Source: Aggregate data for FY 2019)
CO2 emissions
Water consumption
Chemical substances are highly versatile and functional and are widely applied in everyday life. On the other hand, some substances are harmful to the human body and the environment. ULVAC uses a wide variety of chemical substances in the parts and materials composing products (metals, resins, coatings, etc.), manufacturing processes (organic solvents, lubricants, and other substances used in cleaning, etc.), and technology development (chemicals, gases, etc.). We appropriately manage these substances and strive to prevent accidents and environmental pollution.
  INPUT
OUTPUT
(t-CO2)
100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
Group companies overseas
Group companies in Japan
(Thousand m3)
Group companies overseas
Group companies in Japan
 (t)
10,000 7,500 5,000 2,500
0
Amount of valuable materials recycled (t)
313
8,479
2016
Amount of landfill (t)
359
2017
Final landfill disposal rate (%)
(%)
6.0
00
2015 2016 2017
Total amount of waste recycled (t)
385
4.5 7,093
2018
2018
2019 (FY)
1,800
1,200
600
Plastic reduction initiatives
ULVAC is working to reduce use of plastics, considering that it is important to emphasize environmental protection in every aspect of business activities.
In Japan, the amount of packaging materials purchased was reduced by 15% year on year at ULVAC Head Office/Plant and at ULVAC-PHI, Inc. and by 24% year on year at ULVACTECHNO, Ltd. by promoting reuse in house of packaging materials for pumps.
ULVAC TAIWAN INC. achieved a 7% year-on-year reduction in plastic consumption by ceasing the use of disposable cushioning materials and by switching to reusable cushioning materials with antistatic functions.
 Electricity consumption
172,442 thousand kWh
 Gas consumption
LPG : 214 t
LNG: 680t
City gas : 1,201thousand m3
Fuel consumption
 Heavy oil: 33 kL Kerosene oil: 26 kL Diesel oil: 166 kL
 Water consumption
1,419 thousand m3
Packaging materials
 990 t
 CO2 emissions
83,929 t-CO2 (Emissions due to
consumption of electricity, gas, and fuels)
 Total waste emissions
7,062 t
Total amount of waste
recycled:
6,007 t
Amount of landfill 345.5 t
Final landfill disposal rate
 4.9 %
               2015 2016 2017 2018
Waste emissions
2019 (FY)
  214
2015
4.9
346 4.5
Reusable cushioning materials with antistatic functions introduced by ULVAC TAIWAN INC.
     49
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 50
Environmental Philosophy
The ULVAC Group is tackling protection of the global environment, one of the major issues confronting people worldwide. We will consider environmental conservation in all aspects of our business activities and will contribute to realization of a better living environment and a more affluent society.
Environmental Policy
Develop energy-saving products, reduce the use of natural resources and protect the environment.
ULVAC Group products/Final products ULVAC Group manufacturing process
7,072
2.9 1,920
2,313
4.2 7,197
 3.6
2,222
2,236
6,007
1,580
2019 (FY)
3.0 1.5 0
ULVAC CRYOGENICS KOREA INCORPORATED is endeavoring to eliminate the use of vinyl packaging for raw materials. It provided dedicated trolleys to the suppliers for delivery of raw materials. As a result, vinyl consumption in the first half of FY 2019 was reduced by 30% compared with the same period of the previous year.
ULVAC will continue initiatives to reduce plastic consumption and promote recycling.
    * The above data are based on the data from 37 Group companies in Japan and overseas.
* The volume of packaging materials is based on the data from 18 Group companies in Japan and overseas.

 Financial Data/Corporate Information
11-year Financial Data
Financial Data
Key financial results
Net sales*1
Operating profit (loss)
Ordinary profit (loss)
Net income (loss)*2
Net assets
Total assets
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Key performance indicators
Net assets per share
Net income per share
Equity ratio
ROE (return on equity)*3
Ratio of ordinary profit to total assets*4 Price-earnings ratio*5
Other indicators
FY2019 2020.6
 FY2009 2010.6
FY2010 2011.6
FY2011 2012.6
FY2012 2013.6
(Unit)
 FY2013 2014.6
FY2014 2015.6
FY2015 2016.6
FY2016 2017.6
FY2017 2018.6
FY2018 2019.6
( 年度 )
   221,804 4,809 4,942 2,138 102,504 313,784 44,312 (10,876) (23,418) 29,721
1,992.06 46.60 31.3 2.3 1.6 37.34
11.1 8.0 100.2 Dividends Yen 21.0 Dividend payout ratio % 45.1 Number of employees Persons 7,169
232,040 1,850 1,441 (8,706) 92,023 313,616 17,730 (14,833) 2,159 35,722
1,787.51 (176.43) 28.1 — 0.5 —
17.8 8.3 105.1 — — 7,878
196,804 (6,384) (6,497)
(49,984) 41,187 249,651 (8,492) (11,328) 12,616 28,180
751.00 (1,012.94) 14.8 — — —
12.7 7.1 120.2 — — 6,981
163,351 6,115 6,264 (3,807) 59,436 243,289 22,357 (4,506) (3,619) 44,204
806.38 (87.79) 22.7 — 2.5 —
6.8
5.0 106.1 — — 6,579
173,878 11,996 13,384 11,538 72,238
230,791 32,213 (3,023)
(16,881) 57,012
1,040.23 223.18 29.2 18.8 5.6 9.66
6.2
5.2 89.6 — — 5,971
179,174 11,132 12,475
8,874 84,928 242,348 21,992 (4,055) (14,895) 61,670
1,398.66 172.73 32.8 12.1 5.3 10.91
6.7
5.6 82.6 10.0 5.8 5,904
192,437 17,864 18,373 16,698 78,032 219,561 23,708 (5,593) (32,448) 44,862
1,477.29 338.37 33.2 21.9 8.0 9.21
7.0 6.3 62.7 30.0 8.9 5,886
231,831 29,468 29,716 24,469
104,917 245,306 37,818 (13,713) (22,580) 47,555
2,002.90 496.35 40.2 28.5 12.8 10.88
8.3
6.9 42.7 50.0 10.1 6,072
249,271 35,351 36,907 35,904
154,069 297,418 19,086 (1,564) (10,734) 54,348
2,994.12 728.68 49.5 29.2 13.6 5.82
12.9 8.3 35.7 95.0 13.0 6,439
220,721 23,828 25,575 18,665
157,588 282,302 18,282 (9,448) (5,844) 55,859
3,062.39 378.78 53.5 12.5 8.8 9.02
12.9 9.2 35.6 105.0 27.7 6,424
185,402 15,958 18,052 10,769
161,093 282,350 18,738 (4,143) 7,455 77,948
3,132.22 218.54 54.6 7.1 6.4 14.23
10.3 8.4 49.8 80.0 36.6 6,370
Millions of yen Millions of yen Millions of yen Millions of yen Millions of yen Millions of yen Millions of yen Millions of yen Millions of yen Millions of yen
Yen Yen % % % Times
      Capital expenditure R&D expenses Interest-bearing debt
Billions of yen Billions of yen Billions of yen
   51
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 52
Notes:
1. Net sales do not include consumption taxes.
2. The Company applies the “Revised Accounting Standard for Business Combinations” (ASBJ Statement No. 21, September 13, 2013) and “net income attributable to owners of parent” is presented instead of “net
income.”
3. ROE (return on equity) figures for FY2010 to FY2012 are not presented because the Company recorded a net loss for these periods. 4. The ratio of ordinary profit to total assets for FY2011 is not presented because the Company recorded an ordinary loss for FY2011. 5. Price-earnings ratios for FY2010 to FY2012 are not presented because the Company recorded a net loss for these periods.

                                             Financial Data/Corporate Information
Financial Overview
Forward-looking statements contained in this document are based on the current assumptions and beliefs of the ULVAC Group in light of the information available to it as of September 29, 2020.
  Business Results
For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020 (FY 2019), net sales amounted to ¥185,402 million, a decrease of 16.0% year on year. Net sales of FPD and PV production equipment were below the level of the previous fiscal year in line with decreases in orders received for both LCD production equipment for large-screen TVs and OLED production equipment for smartphones. Orders received decreased because investment in LCDs for large-screen TVs had come
to a cyclical downturn and investment in OLEDs for smartphones entered a temporary adjustment phase. Net sales of semiconductor and electronic device production equipment increased from the previous fiscal year because demand for electronic device production equipment remained firm, a recovery trend of memory-related investment became apparent, and ULVAC’s entry in the field for logic devices was also a contributory factor.
Operating profit margin was 8.6%, down 2.2 percentage points from the previous fiscal year. This decrease was mainly because lower net sales could not be fully offset by reducing fixed costs.
R&D expenses totaled ¥8,353 million, a decrease of ¥856 million from the previous fiscal year. The ratio of R&D expenses to net sales was 4.5%, an increase of 0.3 percentage points from the previous fiscal year due to a decrease in net sales. Although the amount of R&D expenses decreased from the previous fiscal year owing to restrictions on movement and so on
because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ULVAC Group is continuing to emphasize investment with a view to future growth.
Regarding indicators for evaluating the degree
of achievement of the management policies, management strategies, and management objectives during the period until FY 2019 covered by the mid- term management plan, the ULVAC Group used net sales, operating profit, and operating profit margin as key performance indicators. As described on Page
23, the ULVAC Group formulated a new mid-term managementplan,“Breakthrough2022,”whichcovers three years from FY 2020. The basic policy of this mid- term management plan is twofold: “investment in development for growth (selection and concentration)” and “profit-oriented management through structural change.” Under this policy, the ULVAC Group will use net sales, gross profit margin, operating profit margin, return on equity (ROE), and operating cash flow as new key performance indicators.
Quantitative targets for the third year (FY 2022)
of the mid-term management plan are net sales of ¥210.0 billion, gross profit margin of 35% or higher, operating profit margin of 16% or higher, ROE of 13% or higher, and operating cash flow of ¥29.0 billion. The Group aims to achieve further growth from a medium- to long-term perspective by implementing specific initiatives to attain the targets of the new mid-term management plan.
Financial Position
Total assets at the end of FY 2019 amounted to ¥282,350 million, having increased ¥48 million compared with the figure at the previous FY year- end. The main factors were a ¥22,137 million increase in cash on hand and in banks, whereas notes and accounts receivable, trade, inventories, and deferred tax assets decreased ¥10,534 million, ¥4,669 million, and ¥4,072 million, respectively. Total liabilities amounted to ¥121,256 million, having decreased ¥3,458 million compared with the figure at the previous fiscal year-end. The main factors were a ¥9,309 million decrease in notes and
Cash Flows
accounts payable, trade, a ¥4,280 million decrease in advances received, a ¥3,649 million decrease
in short-term loans payable, and a ¥1,462 million decrease in income taxes payable, whereas long- term loans payable increased ¥17,909 million.
Net assets amounted to ¥161,093 million, having increased ¥3,505 million compared with the figure
at the previous fiscal year-end. The main factor was a ¥5,587 million increase in retained earnings, whereas accumulated other comprehensive income decreased ¥2,143 million. As a result, the equity ratio at the end of FY 2019 was 54.6%.
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of FY 2019 amounted to ¥77,948 million, having increased ¥22,089 million compared with the figure at the previous fiscal year-end. The status of cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities and major contributing factors were as follows.
   Management’s recognition, analysis and discussion of operating results by business segment are as follows.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to ¥18,738 million compared with net cash provided by operating activities amounting to ¥18,282 million for the previous fiscal year. The main factors contributing to cash inflows were income before income taxes, depreciation, a decrease in notes and accounts receivable-trade, and a decrease in inventories. The main factors contributing to cash outflows included a decrease in notes and accounts payable-trade and a decrease in advances received.
Financial Resources and Liquidity
The ULVAC Group’s funding needs are principally for R&D investment and capital investment, which will underpin a new growth strategy, and for working capital for business operations. The Group intends to expand investment for development in the semiconductor and electronic device fields to strengthen growing businesses. Such demand for funds is satisfied by cash flows from operating activities and borrowings from financial institutions. In fund procurement, the Group endeavors to level the annual amount of repayment in order to reduce refinancing and the repayment burden.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities amounted to ¥4,143 million compared with net cash used in investing activities amounting to ¥9,448 million for the previous fiscal year. The main factors included purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and proceeds from sales of investment securities.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Net cash provided by financing activities amounted to ¥7,455 million compared with net cash used in financing activities amounting to ¥5,844 million for the previous fiscal year. The main factors included an increase in long-term loans payable, cash dividends paid, and a decrease in short-term loans payable.
While the outlook is unclear owing to the COVID-19 pandemic etc., in order to ensure preparedness for contingencies, the Group has secured sufficient liquidity in hand through increased borrowings and
by other means. The Group has also put in place a system that enables it to secure additional funds
by concluding commitment-line contracts. Thus,
the Group is capable of stable operation for the
time being. The Group will maintain the system that ensures timely access to necessary funds so as to be capable of responding to rapid change in the business environment.
Vacuum Equipment Business
Segment net sales decreased 17.5% year on year to ¥154,773 million. Net sales of FPD and PV production equipment were below the level of the previous fiscal year because investment in LCDs for large-screen TVs had come to a cyclical downturn and investment in OLEDs for smartphones decreased. Despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, net sales of semiconductor and electronic device production equipment were above the level of the previous
fiscal year because of firm demand for electronic device production equipment and the contribution
of sputtering equipment for logic devices. Regarding components, sales of cryopumps, vacuum pumps, and measuring equipment decreased following robust sales in the previous fiscal year. Segment profit margin deteriorated from 11.1% for the previous fiscal year to 8.8% for the fiscal year under review. This deterioration was mainly attributable to the fact that
the decrease in net sales of FPD and PV production equipment was significant and could not be fully offset by the growth in net sales of high-margin semiconductor and electronic device production equipment and by the reduction of fixed costs.
Vacuum Application Business
Segment net sales decreased 7.3% year on year to ¥30,629 million. Lower net sales reflected a decrease in orders received for sputtering target materials
for LCDs in line with the decrease in the facility utilization rate of customers’ plants whereas mask blank-related demand remained firm. Segment profit margin deteriorated from 9.0% for the previous fiscal year to 5.4% for the fiscal year under review. This deterioration was mainly attributable to the fact that the decrease in net sales could not be fully offset by the reduction of fixed costs.
 53
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 54

                                             Financial Data/Corporate Information
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Assets
Current assets
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable, trade
Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies
Other 6,840
(Millions of yen)
80,694 66,702 3,883 21,004 10,217 6,903 (419)
81,850 (52,735)
29,115
76,740 (57,428)
19,312
13,933 (12,295)
1,638
8,344
3,851 (1,284)
2,567
4,213
53 973 2,251
11,869 6,108 9,343
(2,422)
Liabilities
Current liabilities
(Millions of yen)
31,439 11,266 666 1,340 11,569 2,686 372 1,672 1,323 9,952
38,577 1,999 27 7,363 — 156 402 447
20,873 3,912 126,571 (349)
5,301
(572) (1,482)
6,840
 FY2018
(As of June 30, 2019)
FY2019
(As of June 30, 2020)
 FY2018
(As of June 30, 2019)
FY2019
(As of June 30, 2020)
  Allowance for doubtful accounts
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures Accumulated depreciation Buildings and structures, net
Machinery, equipment and vehicles Accumulated depreciation
Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net
Tools, furniture and fixtures Accumulated depreciation Tools, furniture and fixtures, net
(444)
80,546 (50,595)
29,951
71,500 (54,042)
17,459
14,338 (12,358)
1,981
Advances received
Accrued employees’ bonuses Accrued directors’ bonuses Accrued warranty costs
Provision for loss on order received
58,557 77,236 3,937 24,033 11,803
40,748 14,915 306 2,802 15,849 3,625 485 1,632 1,099 Other 13,041
Long-term liabilities
Long-term loans payable
Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Net defined benefit liability
Accrued directors’ retirement benefits Provision for board benefit trust
Notes and accounts payable, trade Short-term loans payable
Lease obligations
Income taxes payable
Total current assets
  181,962
  188,985
   Total current liabilities
  94,501
  72,285
     20,668 551 16 7,846 75 145 399 Other 512
   Asset retirement obligations
  Land 8,357
Total long-term liabilities
  30,213
  48,972
 Leased assets
Accumulated depreciation Leased assets, net
Construction in progress
Intangible assets
1,813 (1,099)
715
7,226
Net Assets
Shareholders’ equity
Capital stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury shares
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Non-controlling interests
 Total liabilities
  124,714
  121,256
   Total property, plant and equipment
  65,687
  65,189
   Leased assets
Software 1,030 Other 2,361
20,873 3,912 120,985 (247)
6,652 266 (1,528)
6,676
Total shareholders’ equity
  145,522
  151,007
 Total intangible assets
  3,446
  3,278
 Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Deferred tax assets
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts
55
13,797 10,180 11,690 (4,462)
  Total accumulated other comprehensive income
  5,390
  3,246
 Total investments and other assets
 31,207
  24,898
 Total non-current assets
 100,340
 93,365
   Total net assets
  157,588
  161,093
  Total liabilities and net assets
  282,302
  282,350
  Total assets
  282,302
  282,350
 55
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 56

 Financial Data/Corporate Information
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Income Net sales
Cost of sales
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Selling expenses
General and administrative expenses
Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Compensation income
Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method
Other 1,579
(Millions of yen)
185,402
134,805
13,091 21,547
      171
      634
      779
      494
1,433
437 980
3,261 — 47
64 175 —
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Cash flows from operating activities
Income before income taxes 27,148 Depreciation 6,938
(Millions of yen)
21,122 7,849 175 (2,053) (1,031) (411) (75) 10 34 224 (806) 437 (150) (3,261) (47) (494) — 9,941 2,718 (7,985) (4,186) (370) 3,430
1,111 (450) (6,994)
(3,728) 3,707 (8,828) 1,175 3,371 150 10
(3,785) 26,689 (8,607)
(787) (5,175) (120) (760)
 FY2018
(July 1, 2018–June 30, 2019)
FY2019
(July 1, 2019–June 30, 2020)
 FY2018
(July 1, 2018–June 30, 2019)
FY2019
(July 1, 2019–June 30, 2020)
220,721
155,845
18,217 22,830
331 2,048 505 (100) (197) 11 (82) 27 (870) 293 (74) (1,710) (75) (346) (303) 7,508 (3,185) (13,913) (328) 677
  Gross profit
  64,876
  50,596
   Total selling, general and administrative expenses
 41,047
  34,638
 Operating profit
 23,828
 15,958
  183 687 21 346
Impairment loss
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase (decrease) in accrued employees’ bonuses
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability
Increase (decrease) in accrued directors’ retirement benefits
Increase (decrease) in provision for board benefit trust
Increase (decrease) in accrued warranty costs
Increase (decrease) in provision for loss on orders received
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Subsidy income
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Loss (gain) on sales of non-current assets
Share of (profit) loss of entities accounted for using equity method
Loss (gain) on change in equity
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable - trade
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable - trade
Increase (decrease) in advances received
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes
Other 1,457
Total non-operating income
  2,816
  3,511
 Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses Other
Extraordinary income
Gain on sales of investment securities Gain on change in equity
Gain on sales of non-current assets
Extraordinary losses
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
Impairment loss
Other 27
 293 776
1,710 303 75
Total non-operating expenses
 1,069
  1,418
 Ordinary profit
 25,575
 18,052
  Total extraordinary income
  2,088
  3,308
 Subtotal
 25,761
  25,071
   156 331
1,222 (270) (8,432)
Interest and dividend income received Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Cash flows from investing activities
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Proceeds from subsidy income
Other (348)
Total extraordinary losses
 515
 239
Income before income taxes
 27,148
 21,122
Current income taxes
 6,709
 4,790
Deferred income taxes
451
 4,596
 Total income taxes
7,160
9,386
Net income
 19,988
 11,736
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests
 1,323
 967
Net income attributable to owners of parent
  18,665
  10,769
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
  18,282
  18,738
  (5,589) 5,602 (11,338) 231 1,779 216
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
  (9,448)
  (4,143)
    Net income
Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
19,988
(8,298) (2,773) 226 190
(10,655)
9,334
8,280 1,054
(Millions of yen)
11,736
(1,347) (759) 48 (142)
(2,200)
9,536
8,626 910
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable Proceeds from long-term loans payable Repayments of long-term loans payable Repayments of lease obligations
Cash dividends paid
Purchase of treasury shares
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
(7,288) 15,100 (7,929)
(358) (4,683) (0) (687)
FY2018
(July 1, 2018–June 30, 2019)
FY2019
(July 1, 2019–June 30, 2020)
  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
 (5,844)
 7,455
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
 (908)
 39
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 2,082
  22,089
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
54,348
55,859
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents resulting from exclusion of subsidiaries from consolidation
 (571)
  —
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
 55,859
 77,948
     57
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 58
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

                                            Financial Data/Corporate Information
Company Data/Stock InformationStock Information As of June 30, 2020Total number of shares authorized100,000,000Total number of shares issued
 49,355,938
 Total number of shareholders
 16,410
 Company Profile
As of June 30, 2020
Directors, Auditors and Executive Officers As of September 29, 2020
Number of Shares Held by ShareholderType
   Name Trademark Head office
Established
Capital
Number of employees
ULVAC, Inc. ULVAC
President and Chief Executive Officer
Director and Executive Vice President
Senior Managing Director
Senior Managing Director
External Director
External Director
External Director
External Director
As of September 30, 2020
Setsuo Iwashita
Mitsuru Motoyoshi
Masasuke Matsudai
Dr. Choong Ryul Paik
Hiroyuki Nishi
Norio Uchida
Dr. Kozo Ishida
Yoshimi Nakajima
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Auditor
Auditor
External Auditor
External Auditor
Tetsuya Shimada
Shigemitsu Sato
Dr. Kazuya Saito
Tomoyasu Kondo
Sadao Aoki
Yu JerTsai
Zheng Ming Zeng
Dr. Koukou Suu
Shinji Takahashi
Yasuo Shimizu
Kenji Yamaguchi
Dr. Ju Hoon Shin
Makoto Ito
Mitsuru Yahagi
Senshu Asada
Isao Utsunomiya
Securities Companies 1,680,408 shares 3.40%
         2500 Hagisono, Chigasaki, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan
August 23, 1952 ¥20,873,042,500
Non-consolidated 1,333 Consolidated 6,370
Major Shareholders
Nippon Life Insurance Company
TAIYO FUND,L.P.
JapanTrustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account)
The MasterTrust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
TAIYO HANEI FUND,L.P.
3D OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
STATE STREET BANK ANDTRUST COMPANY 505103
NORTHERNTRUST CO.(AVFC) RE HSD00
Note: Treasury stock (3,548 shares) is excluded from the calculation of shareholding ratios.
Domestic Companies 2,048,563 shares 4.15%
Individuals
and Other 8,030,232 shares 16.27%
Total 49,355,938 shares
Foreign Investors 29,569 shares 0.06%
Treasury stock 3,548 shares 0.01%
Financial Institutions 16,208,020 shares 32.84%
       Number of shares (Thousands)
    3,242
 2,831
   2,452
 2,419
   1,616
1,427
  1,278
 1,243
  1,173
  ULVAC Group Companies
Bases of ULVAC, Inc.
Foreign Companies 21,355,598 shares 43.27%
North America
• ULVAC Technologies, Inc.
• Physical Electronics USA, Inc.
1,093
Shareholding ratio (%)
6.57
5.74
4.97
4.90
3.28
2.89
2.59
2.52
2.38
2.21
   Bases of ULVAC Group companies in Japan/overseas
R&D base
Sales and service bases
          59
ULVAC VALUE REPORT 2020 60
