Foods, Meat & Grain
Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff
The Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division stably procures the basic food products and production materials that form the foundation for diverse food production from around the world, providing stable supplies to food product manufacturers in Japan and Asia.
The global population and demand for protein are increasing rapidly, and are expected to continue growing in the decades to come. At the same time, supply risks, such as those from extreme weather and trade protec- tionism, are growing. In these circumstances, we constantly strive to enhance our ability to stably supply high-quality products.
Masayuki Hamasaki
Managing Executive Officer
Chief Officer, Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division  Key SDGsAs climate change advances and demand for food increases, global food production and supply is becoming a more pressing issue. Kanematsu is working to secure food supply based on sustainably managed production in order to support healthy and abundant diets. We also support productivity improvements via the adoption of new technologies.
     Division Vision
Support people’s health in Japan and across Asia by providing a stable supply of safe, reliable, high-quality food ingredients and products
Division Strengths
Comprehensive product lineup, including oilseeds and staple grains, such as rice, barley, soybeans, and corn, as well a wide range of related products
Resources to secure a stable food supply (supply bases in key food production regions worldwide and human resources with abundant product expertise)
Supply of high-quality products from production sites that practice stringent quality control in and outside Japan
Business EnvironmentOpportunities• Increasing regularity of extreme weather events • Growing global demand
• Growing demand for quality
• Bringing in new technologiesGrowth Strategies• Diversify supply regions leveraging our global network
• Capture growing demand in China and other Asian markets
• Enhance quality at production facilities for mixed feedstuff, fertilizer, soybeans, forage, and other products
• Use IoT, genome editing, and other technologies to help increase the produc- tivity of our partnerRisks• Price fluctuations
• Supply disruptions due to extreme weather events
• Quality controlCountermeasures• Enter into hedges via futures markets, such as the Chicago Mercantile Exchange
• Secure stable supply by diversifying production sites and suppliers
• Enhance quality control through upstream production and sourcing businesses
52 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2021
 Key Businesses and Locations
Europe
North America
South America
• Pasta, frozen dough, and raw feedstuff material supply
• General raw feedstuff material supply, local production
Mixed feedstuff manufacturer
Dalian Runsong Biological Feed Co., Ltd.
• Rice and dairy farming in Vietnam
• Raw material supply to the aquaculture
China
• Soybean and roughage production and processing
KG Agri Products, Inc. Sage Hill Northwest, Inc. KAI Enterprises, Inc.
ASEAN region
• Grain and roughage production and processing
Bodiam Pty Ltd.
Kangaroo Island Pure Grain Pty Ltd.
Progress toward the Medium-Term Vision
In the rice business, we have a leading share of Japan’s imported rice market and are seeing gradual growth in rice trading overseas, such as exports to Singapore and China. Going forward, we will also focus on exports from Vietnam, our overseas base for the rice business, to other countries in Asia.
In the food soybean and oilseed business, we are leveraging our diverse supply network comprising a wholly owned sorting plant and partner plants in North America to maintain a leading market share in Japan. We have also begun seed improvement using genome editing with the aim of providing even more added value.
In the overseas feedstuff materials business, our joint-venture soybean processing plant in Dalian, China, established with local
Business Highlight
Start of Operations at an Animal Feedstuff Soybean Processing Plant and Sustainable Feedstuff Material Supply in China
In 2019, Kanematsu established Dalian Runsong Biological Feed Co., Ltd. as a joint venture with local partners. This company operates outside Dalian, China, producing soybean products for animal feedstuff, such as puffed soybean meal, that are sold on the domestic Chinese market. In the first half of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic caused delays in the company’s operational launch. In the latter half of the year, however, it began operation in earnest, making a smooth start toward a planned annual capacity of 100,000 tons.
In recent years, reflecting government policies, major meat producers have been moving their farms to northeast China, setting up new facilities and implementing plans to increase production by more than 10% per year. Such major meat producers are the main customers of our joint venture,
partners, has begun operations. The plant has a planned capacity of 100,000 tons per year, and production and sales are advancing smoothly. Furthermore, using this sales channel, we are also expanding sales of other animal feedstuff products.
In North America, our forage processing plant remains in full utilization after a previous drop due to U.S.-China trade friction. Exports to the Middle East are also gradually increasing, and this business promises growth going forward.
In the domestic feedstuff materials business, we have a supply framework for an unmatched full product lineup and are working to realize smart farming through the application of ICT across the livestock field.
and we expect strong growth going forward.
Kanematsu supplies all the joint venture’s raw materials,
mainly soybeans produced in the United States. The U.S.- grown soybeans are sourced only from factories certified under the Soy Sustainability Assurance Protocol (SSAP), and the joint venture is one of few companies authorized by the U.S. Soybean Export Council to use the SSAP certification logo on the packages of its products distributed in China. Through its operations, the joint venture is promoting a shift away from animal protein meal—an area of concern due to dwindling supply—and toward its sustainable plant-based animal feedstuff while contributing to the growth of domestic meat production in China, where demand is growing. The Kanematsu
Group aims to continue to contribute to the devel- opment of the meat industry going forward.
Australia
industry
Dalat Milk Joint Stock Company Other partners
• Grains, oilseeds, fish meal and fish oil, and roughage (cottonseed, etc.)
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Management Strategy Sustainability Review of Operations Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2021 53