Sustainability   Contribution to a Low-carbon Society
Achieving Zero CO2 Emissions
 Contribution to a low-carbon society
As global awareness for climate change increases, our long-term vision for the environment“Eco Vision” was formulated. We will work on reducing energy
AFFORDABLE AND CLIMATE CLEAN ENERGY ACTION
 ● CO2 emissions (Scopes 1 and 2)0
By 2030: 40% reduction By 2050: Zero (Compared with fiscal year 2017) emissions
  consumption, increasing energy use efficiency, (%) 100
40% reduction
(against FY 2017)
2030 2035 2040
2050 Zero
s
 enhancing renewable energy usage and cooperating 80
    with customers and suppliers to reduce CO2 emissions. 60
Through these activities, we aim to contribute to 40
preventing global warming and air pollution and make the global environment sustainable.
20 0
2017
2020
2025
2045 2050
emission
 Approach
Eco Vision
   Increasing global warming and extreme weather events are examples of how environmental risks can affect our lives. We, as a member of society, believe it is our important mission to consider environmental issues as top priority and implement companywide efforts to maintain the global environment which is irreplaceable and precious. To achieve this mission, we will take action to resolve environmental issues through our business activities. In turn, these efforts will ensure that the various stakeholder contact points stated in our Sustainable Policy continue to thrive.
Each of us will deepen our knowledge and awareness of environmental issues, comply with legal requirements and internal standards, and take responsibility for addressing these issues.
Guidelines for action
1 Efforts to reduce energy consumption and emissions
We will strive to continuously reduce energy consumption and emissions through business activities in our stores and offices as well as the entire supply chain.
2 Response to a recycling society
We will work with customers and suppliers to recycle waste from homes and our stores and offices and strive to improve the resource efficiency of business activities by recycling resources and using recycled resources.
3 Provision of products and services that contribute to a low-carbon society
We will develop and provide environment-friendly and high-value-added products and services that contribute to a low-carbon society through our stores and offices.
   4 Development of promotion system
We will develop J. Front Retailing Group’s environmental plan at the“Sustainability Committee.”Each company in the Group
will set medium- to long-term targets based on the environmental plan, develop and promote a specific action plan, and review them on a regular basis for continuous improvement.
5 Environmental education and communication with stakeholders
We will actively promote environmental awareness raising activities to increase environmental awareness of individual employees. We will also strive to mutually raise environmental awareness through active dialogue with stakeholders.
Participating in environmental initiatives
The Group has announced its participation in various initiatives to make its policy and activities on climate change visible to the public.
●Application for Science Based Targets Initiative (SBT) certification
We will apply for SBT certification, an global initiative,
with the aim to acquire certification in fiscal year 2019.
●Support for the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
We support the final report of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), and joined the TCFD Consortium of Japan which launched on May 27, 2019.
●Participation in Japan Climate Initiative (JCI)
We participate in the Japan Climate Initiative (JCI) which is a network of companies, local governments and NGOs that are actively implementing climate actions and agree to
aim for decarbonization.
  50
Target
        CO2 emissions reduction: progress and management
●Independent, third-party verification on CO2 emissions To achieve our long-term goal for CO2 emissions
reduction, we established
the JFR Group annual
emission target to monitor
progress. In order to
ensure objectivity and
reliability of environmental
data in our disclosure, we
obtained an independent,
third-party verification of
CO2 emissions and energy
consumption for fiscal
year 2017 (the base year
for CO2 emissions reduction) and fiscal year 2018.
Flagship store for promoting ESG initiatives: New main building, Daimaru Shinsaibashi store
The new main building of the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store which is scheduled to open on September 20, 2019, is designated as the flagship store to promote ESG initiatives. It will engage in various activities to“contribute to a low- carbon society”.
The CO2 emissions from the new main building of the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store in fiscal year 2020 will be approximately 7,000 t-CO2 less compared* to the former main building (in fiscal year 2015). It will use 100% renewable energy for all power needs, and LED units will be deployed in all lighting fixtures.
The new rooftop area and 7th floor terrace will be utilized
for active greenification initiatives. The rooftop will be used
for keeping honeybees in a green area. 70 cars and vans
owned as company fleet will be gradually replaced by
electric vehicles.
*The building structure is different because it was rebuilt.
Flagship store for promoting ESG initiatives: New main building, Daimaru Shinsaibashi store
7th floor terrace
New Shibuya Parco―environmentally friendly next generation building
The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism chose Shibuya Parco, scheduled to open in late November 2019, as a“Leading project for sustainable building initiative (CO2 reduction initiative)”for the following features: (1) Attractive outdoor space including roof top square and multi-level pathways; (2) Proactive installation of high-efficiency energy
Sustainability
   Certificate of independent verification (excerpt)
system including a cogeneration system (CGS) (*1); and (3) Use of digital communication technology to promote efficient energy use. In addition to installing the latest equipment and fixtures, we will also
“visualize” energy
efficiency for energy
 JFR Group Environmental Data
CO2 emissions (t- CO2) 194,154 182,566
Energy consumption (kl) 101,143 99,761
   FY 2017 (Base year)
  FY 2018
  expanding.
Clothing
Customers’visit
Shoes
Sorting
Other materials
Recycling as car interior materials/ industrial basic materials
Bags
Unreusable items
Recycling as energy
Bedding
Reusable items
Reuse overseas
Rendering of New Shibuya Parco, an environmentally friendly next generation building ©2019, Takenaka Corporation
management systems so as to make it a multi-purpose
commercial space showcasing efficient energy use with
lower CO2 emissions.
*1 Cogeneration system (CGS): System that simultaneously produces and supplies electricity and heat from a single energy source.
Actions to realize a recycling society in partnership with our customers
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores conducts the “Ecoff recycling campaign”on a regular basis. Customers bring disused clothing, shoes and bags to the stores for reuse and recycling and receive shopping support tickets in exchange that allow them to buy new items. Cumulatively, more than 1.92 million articles have been collected from August 2016 to April 2019. This campaign is successfully
         Polyester Pelletization
Cotton
Recycling as energy
     Integrated Report 2019 51

Sustainability   Management of the Entire Supply Chain
Sustainability, from Procurement to Consumption
 Management of the entire supply chain
By fulfilling social responsibilities and promoting environment-friendly initiatives throughout the entire supply chain, we will eliminate risk in the entire supply chain. Also, by providing products that customers can enjoy without concern for social and environmental issues, we will enhance the corporate values of both the Group and its suppliers.
Supply chain of the Group
In the retail business, the core business of the Group, we sell goods and offer services in a supply chain that extends from procurement of raw materials to production/sale/consumption. Thus, initiatives to solve environmental and social issues in the entire supply chain, including our suppliers, are essential, not just in the areas where we are directly involved.
Future initiatives related to“Principles of Action for Suppliers”
Starting in the summer of 2019, we will hold explanatory sessions, etc., of the“Principles of Action for Suppliers”in order to obtain the understanding and support of suppliers and request them to follow the Principles in their operations. In addition, we will carry out a survey to confirm compliance with the Principles and gradually develop a system to assess compliance. We will find new suppliers who will commit to fulfilling social responsibilities and business focusing on products and services with less environmental burden.
Initiatives to realize a recycling society in the entire supply chain
The Group aims to propose a shopping style with customer-participation through eco-friendly recycling and reuse activities, as well as develop a new business model regarding a sharing economy.
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores have been carrying out the“Ecoff”recycling campaign since fiscal year 2016. Starting August 2019, 16 stores will use shopping bags made of environment friendly FSC® certified paper. The stores are gradually switching plastic bags for food items to 30% plant- based packaging material. Through these initiatives, we are working on realizing a recycling society.Target to be achieved by 2030
Awareness of supply chain policy (Principles of Action for Suppliers)
Target: 100%
Scope 3 CO2 emissions reduction target
Aiming for 40% reduction (compared with FY 2017) Solving environmental and social issues in the entire supply chain is necessary
Suppliers The Group Customers
    52
Formulationof“JFRPrinciplesofAction” and“Principles of Action for Suppliers”
We have formulated“JFR Principles of Action”and “Principles of Action for Suppliers” to eliminate environmental and social risks in the entire supply
chain.
These Principles define basic actions to be
understood and followed so both the Group and our suppliers can fulfill social responsibilities. “JFR Principles of Action”are composed of“JFR conduct policy”and four policies common with“Principles of Action for Suppliers”:“Procurement policy,”“Human rights policy,” “Anti-corruption policy,” and
“Occupational health and safety policy.”“JFR Principles of Action for Suppliers”are composed of “Guidelines for action for suppliers”and the four common policies mentioned above. By complying with these Principles, we will fulfill social responsibilities together with our suppliers and striveInitiatives to realize a recycling society in the entire supply chain
 Paper shopping bags and plastic grocery bags
Production
Developing
a new business model
Ecoff
Reduce
 Recycle
Recycle
Consumption
Sharing
Sharing
       Disposal
 Reduction of food waste
Reuse
 to enhance corporate value of both parties.
AFFORDABLE AND CLIMATE CLEAN ENERGY ACTION
Target
Disposal and recycle