Sustainability   Coexistence with Local Communities
With Communities and with Our Customers
SUSTAINABLE CITIES ANDCOMMUNITIES
PARTNERSHIP FOR THE GOALS
SustainabilityCoexistence with local communities
Through coexistence with local communities, we try to unite two goals: realizing a sustainable society and ensuring a delightful shopping experience in areas where retail design is integrated into urban planning. Through such an initiative, we aim to revitalize communities by enhancing the appeal of the area and achieve medium to long term growth together with communities.
Promoting“Urban Dominant strategy”
The Group promotes the“Urban Dominant strategy,” which is a business model pursuing growth in partnership with local communities, utilizing our stores as the core asset to enhance the appeal of the entire area. Promoting this strategy automatically leads to attracting more visitors and customers to the area, thus contributing to the community.
In 2017, we opened Ginza Six and Ueno Frontier Tower and succeeded in attracting new customers to both areas.
Ginza Six offers more than retail shopping experience, with Kanze Noh Theater providing opportunities for cultural exchange, the largest rooftop garden in Ginza area, bus stops and a service center for tourists, etc. It also serves as an emergency shelter for the stranded in times of emergency. Thus, it contributes to improving convenience and amenities of the area, as well as improving disaster preparedness. In Ueno Frontier Tower, the tourist information center, “Ueno-ga-Suki”, meaning “we love Ueno”in Japanese and offering local information, events, and the sale of goods, is on the 1st basement floor of the main building of the Matsuzakaya Ueno Store. In
“Okachimachi Panda Hiroba”various events are held on regular basis in collaboration with the government and the neighboring shopping districts.
In fall 2019, the newly rebuilt main building of the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store and Shibuya Parco are set to open. In both projects, we will work together with the local communities and the governments to promote advanced
urban development to make the areas more appealing.
Expansion of local production for local consumption
“Local production for local consumption”initiatives help revitalize local economies. Daimaru and Matsuzakaya stores aim to contribute to the revitalization of local areas by expanding the lineup of products that are unique to the area, capitalizing on its countrywide store network. As part of this initiative, the Matsuzakaya Shizuoka store collaborated with a local farm and a culinary institute to develop and sell sweets using local production.
Planting tomatoes to be used for sweets together with the local farmers and culinary institute students.
Partnerships with universities in the area
The Daimaru Kobe store has entered into a“Comprehensive partnership agreement on revitalizing local society and promoting lifelong education”with Kobe Gakuin University. We are cooperating in nine areas including joint projects for fostering creativity in children, providing support for the next generation, promoting education and human resource development, disaster prevention and mitigation, local development and resolving local issues, among others.
The Matsuzakaya Nagoya store has entered into a comprehensive partnership with Nagoya University. Through the partnership, both parties will cooperate in the fields of culture, industry, education, academia, etc. for the purpose of contributing to regional growth and human resource development.
“Midori-no-hiroba,” on the 8th floor of Daimaru Kobe store was used to provide a farm experience and dietary education classes.
 2050  Through partnership among local communities, governments and retailers, we will make compatible the solving of environmental issues and urban/community planning which showcases local assets, our area of expertise, thereby realizing sustainable and advanced urban development.
    Ginza Six
  Ueno Frontier Tower
Integrated Report 2019 53