Sustainability   Promotion of Diversity
Diversity as a Source of Growth
GENDER EQUALITY
Promotion of diversity
Aiming to become a company where people from different cultures and customs and of all ages, genders and abilities coexist, and where diversity is respected and accepted, we will build a company- wide and continuing system to promote and implement diversity.
Promoting women’s empowerment
1. Appointment of female leaders
Regardless of gender, we will promote human resources recruitment and assignment based on individual ability, performance, aptitude and motivation. At Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores, our core business company, women accounted for 23.0% of total management positions in March 2019. And as of May 29, 2019, three female Executive Officers were appointed making up 20.0% of a total of 15 Executive Officers of the company. In addition, a female Managing Executive Officer was appointed in J. Front Retailing as well. We will actively appoint women to leadership, management and other important positions to further empower motivated women.
* The percentage of women in management positions in J. Front Retailing Group (consolidated) is 14.7%, as of the end of February 2019.
2. Initiatives to promote women’s empowerment
We launched a“Mother Recruitment”program to hire experts who left their jobs for child care.“JFR Women’s School”was launched for women such as those who chose shortened working hours while raising children to help them acquire time management and business skills. In fiscal year 2018, 32 employees took the classes. To build a workplace where women can continue to balance childcare and family care
with work, the Group has set various system in place that provide better benefits than the legal requirement.
Promoting the empowerment of employees of advanced age
In preparation for the aging society, we consider that empowering human resources of advanced age is essential.ToachievetheGroup’s2030target, retirement at 70 years old, we will work on developing job opportunities and responsibilities for those aged 60 or above, introduce a system where workers can choose working hours, and abolish the ban on dual jobs and side employment.
Before their retirement, we hold annual“My Life Plan Seminar”to employees turning 53 years old with themes including life design in the future, health management, work and life motivation (300 employees attended in fiscal year 2018). On the other hand, we consider it important for human resources of advanced age to acquire new knowledge and skills, in addition to transmitting their knowledge and skills to younger employees. For this purpose, we are developing a training program for recurrent education.
Employment of people with disabilities
We are committed to corporate social responsibility of employing disabled people. Along with improving the working environment of operating companies in the Group, we are also developing business in our special subsidiary, JFR Create Co., Ltd. which was established in April 2017 and certified as a special subsidiary by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare in September 2017. It was officially registered as“Osaka Prefecture Superior Support Company for People with Disabilities” as a company that actively hires and offers employment support to disabled people.
*Employment rate of disabled people in the special scope of subsidiaries including Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores was 2.21% as of June 2018.
In“Abilympic Osaka 2018,”where disabled people compete and showcase their job-related skills, our
GOOD HEALTH AND WELL-BEING
DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH
    Number of female employeesTotalPercentage of femalesChild care and family care related benefits of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores superior to legal requirementTypeDescriptionChild care leave
Shortened work hours for child care
Leave to care for sick/ injured child
Short-term leave to support child care
Spousal leave for childbirth
Up to the final day of the month when the child enters an elementary school (Legal childcare leave lasts until the child reaches the age of 2, at the longest.)
Up to the final day of the month when the child enters an elementary school (Legal requirement is until the child reaches the age of 3.)
*By opting for“flexible work system,”an employee may work shortened hours
until the final day of the month when the child enters a junior high school.
Paid leave (Under the current law, employers can offer unpaid leave in such situation.)
Up to 4 days of paid leave to care for a child under age 3 (No legal requirement)
1 day of paid leave (No legal requirement)
    Short-term child care leave In addition to the above child care leave (unpaid), employees may take *Introduced in March 2019 paid short-term leave for child care under the new system. (Under the
current law, employers can offer unpaid leave in such situation.) 54
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores female employees in management positions
General Managers
Managers
Total
14 108
81 305
95 413
*The figures include workers
seconded to Daimaru
13.0% Matsuzakaya Sales Associates.
*The number of“Manager”is 26.6% the total of Managers, Sales
Managers, and Supervisors 23.0% (Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales
Associates).
● Percentage of women in management positions 2025: 30%  2030: 50%
● Retirement age  2030: 70years old
● Percentage of disabled employment   2030: 3.0%
   (As of March 1, 2019)
employees
demonstrated their capabilities in the office-assistant class, winning one Gold medal and two Silver medals.
 