Sustainability  Realization of Work-Life Balance
Innovation in Our Work Styles
Sustainability
Realization of work-life balance
With the aim of realizing true work-life balance that meets changes in lifestyles and diversified values, we will innovate work styles using technologies, streamline operations, and shift to creative operations in order to realize a work environment that contributes to the happiness and well- being of our employees and their families.
Target for 2050
Our target in realizing work-life balance for 2050 is “To ensure that corporate culture and work options exist so that individual employees can achieve work- life balance that is best for their life stage so we as a company can contribute to the happiness and well- being of our employees and their families.”To accomplish this, we will take actions to expand and
change how we work.
Expansion of systems and rules for work style reform
1. Establishment of short-term childcare leave
In addition to the existing childcare leave (without pay), we introduced a new short-term paid childcare leave (up to two weeks). It is expected to enhance more male employees to take childcare leave.
2. Flexible working system for employees who chose shortened working hours (for those with childcare or family care)
We gave options to employees who chose shortened work hours to proactively expand their working opportunities. Under the new system, they can work full hours once a week, if they choose. In addition, employees working shortened hours are now eligible for flexible working hour system.
3. Introduction of half-day paid leave
We introduced a new system where employees can use their annual paid leave in half-day segments.
4. Introduction of telework
We are working on introducing telework from home.
* 1, 2 and 3 above have started in JFR, Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores, DMSA and JFR Service since March 2019. 4 has been implemented in Parco and JFR Information Center, and from May 2019 it is applied in JFR.
Area Limited Employee System
By increasing work style options, we aim to build a foundation on which each employee can plan and achieve his or her balance between professional development and personal life. To this end, Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores has introduced the
“Area Limited Employee System” that allows
employees to limit their workplace in one of five areas including Sapporo, Tokyo, Kansai, Chubu and Shizuoka.
Use of technologies
We will streamline operations using technologies including AI and RPA and shift man-hours created by increased efficiency to high value-added operations. Jobs that technologies can accomplish should be automated, and human resources will be reassigned to creative jobs.
To adapt to more flexible working style, we will introduce mobile PC, new teleconferencing system and promote paperless digital meetings.
Initiatives for health maintenance and improvement
Based on the basic thinking that“employees are the company’s greatest asset and that the employees’ physical and mental well-being are crucial for us to provide better services to customers,”we promote thorough implementation of industrial health and safety measures and initiatives to maintain and improve employees’health. Specific initiatives for health maintenance and improvement include prevention of lifestyle diseases and management of mental health, among others, in cooperation with the Group’s health insurance association.
We offer lifestyle diseases prevention screening including specified checkup items to employees aged 35 and over, in addition to the legally required regular health examination. Also, there are women’s health checkups including breast cancer and uterus cancer exams, and prostate-specific antigen (PSA) test for male employees aged 50 and over. Using data from these exams, we provide individual health guidance, identify health management issues and establish goals for each office and implement various improvement measures.
We conduct stress checks for mental health required by law. In addition to promoting mental health self-management, we will use the survey results on the organizational environment to implement initiatives to realize a working environment where all employees can fulfill his or her true potential.
GOOD HEALTH AND WELL-BEING
GOEONDHEERALTH EAQNDUAWLEILTLY-BEING
DGEECENNDTEWRORK AND ECQONUOAMLICTGYROWTH
DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH● Percentage of men taking childcare leave   in 2030: 100%
● Percentage of employees who leave their job due to child or family care
  in 2025: 0%
  Integrated Report 2019 55