Social and Relationship Capital
Improving Access to Medicines (ATM)
“We want to deliver as many necessary medicines as possible and nurture hope in as many people as possible.” Putting this wish into mind, Eisai is engaged in activities for improving ATM in developing and emerging countries.
Number of countries supplied with lymphatic filariasis treatment DEC tablets and volume supplied (as of June 2019)
28countries 1.8billion tablets
    Investing in the Future of Developing and Emerging Countries
Eisai is engaged in activities for improving ATM with the aim of ensuring that people in developing and emerging countries receive the medicines they need. ATM is a basic need for all people regardless of nationality, economic disparities or social standing. Today, approximately 2 billion people around the world do not have adequate access to medicines*, most
of whom are the poor in developing and emerging countries who also lack proper information about
Efforts to Help Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis: Supplying DEC Tablets and Implementing Awareness-Raising Activities
Lymphatic filariasis (LF) is a neglected tropical disease (NTD) transmitted to humans via carrier mosquitoes. It is estimated that approximately 860 million people worldwide, mainly those in developing countries, are exposed to the risk of LF.
The World Health Organization (WHO) conducts mass drug administrations (MDAs) in endemic areas
health and diseases.
Eisai believes that improving ATM in developing
and emerging countries is a long-term investment that will support the health of the people living in these countries and ultimately lead to the future growth of these nations as a whole. Eisai utilizes many methods including supply of products at affordable prices as well as public-private partnerships, as it continues to implement various ATM initiatives through its unique business models.
* Source: Access to Medicine Index
▶ https://accesstomedicinefoundation.org/
in order to eliminate LF. Eisai is committed to supplying diethylcarbamazine (DEC) tablets, one of the three types of LF medicines used in the MDAs, to LF endemic countries that need DEC until LF is eliminated in these countries.
In 2013, Eisai obtained WHO prequalification
for DEC tablets and commenced production at its Vizag Plant in India. Since then, Eisai has provided 1.8 billion DEC tablets to 28 endemic countries through WHO’s elimination program (as of June 2019).
●Countries where DEC tablets are scheduled to be supplied by 2020 ● Countries where distribution has commenced
     WHO South-East Asia Region
●India  ●Indonesia   ●Myanmar  ●Sri Lanka   ●Timor-Leste ●Thailand Bangladesh Nepal
DEC Tablets (Diethylcarbamazine)
        WHO East Mediterranean Region
●Egypt 連携 Coordination
Vizag Plant, India
WHO African Region
●Eritrea  ●Kenya   ●Madagasca r
WHO Region of the Americas
●Dominican Republic ●Guyana
●Haiti
Brazil
     Eisai Head Office
WHO Western Pacific Region
●Fiji   ●French Polynesia 
●Laos    ●Malaysia   ●Papua New Guinea ●Philipp in es ●Samoa ●Micronesia  ●Tuvalu ●American Samoa
                 ●Zambia  ●Zimbabwe ●São Tomé and Príncipe Gambia
●Comoros
●Kiribati
38
(Distribution status as of June 2019)
Company Introduction Management Strategies
 Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
 Furthermore, to support the smooth implementation of WHO’s MDA programs, Eisai is engaging in initiatives to raise public awareness of LF in endemic areas. In order to eliminate LF as early as possible, staff members of Eisai’s local subsidiaries cooperate with the relevant representatives in endemic countries, prepare and distribute leaflets in the local languages on the prevention and treatment of LF and support implementation of MDA in endemic countries. For example, since 2015, during MDA programs by Ministry of Public Health and NGOs for LF elimination in Indonesia, Eisai staff members have socialized with LF patients, held workshops, and raised awareness about LF in collaboration with students from Faculty of Medicine as well as Master’s Program of Public Health in Gadjah Mada University.
Eisai’s activities are highly appreciated by endemic countries. Token of Remembrance from Antimalaria Unit of Ministry of Health, Government of Andhra Pradesh in India is just one such example.
●Cumulative quantity of DEC tablets supplied and the number of patients contributed to* (as of June 2019)
 Received Token of Remembrance from Ministry of Health, Government of Andhra Pradesh for Supporting Activities to Eliminate LF
In Yarada Village near Eisai’s Vizag Plant (located in Andhra Pradesh) which has been manufacturing DEC tablets since 2013, there were patients suffering from LF when Eisai started to manufacture DEC tablets. Eisai supported the larvicidal activities with regular spraying of pesticides in drains without lid as well as in puddle, and repaired the old public toilets to improve hygiene environment in cooperation with Ministry of Health, Government of Andhra Pradesh which supports the elimination activity of vector-borne disease in Yarada Village. Furthermore, Eisai has focused on disease awareness activities by providing explanation about prevention of vector-borne disease to
local residents, and has supported the MDA program for LF elimination. The state government evaluated these activities, and Eisai received a token of remembrance in 2015. These activities
in Yarada Village still continues, with expansion of
 Token of Remembrance
the activities in Kasimkota Village in recent years. In Kasimkota Village, as a new activity, Eisai is aiming to improve the quality of
life (QOL) of patients by providing custom-made shoes to LF patients who cannot wear normal shoes because of the swelling of feet or have trouble walking due to LF.
(100 million tablets)
Cumulative quantity of tablets supplied
(100 million people)
18.0
   Number of patients contributed
16.6
 15
10 5
  5
0
2.8
6.0
1.1
2.4
 0.1
End of fiscal 2013
End of fiscal 2014
End of fiscal 2015
End of fiscal 2016
End of fiscal 2017
End of fiscal 2018
End of June 2019
0.1
0
13.5 9.7 5.4
6.7
7.2
  3.9
 * The number of patients contributed to is an estimated value, which is converted from the cumulative quantity of tablets supplied based on the assumption that an average of 2.5 tablets is taken per capita in accordance with the definition of WHO.
R&D Initiatives for Improving Global Health
Eisai proactively undertakes research on pharmaceuticals for treating NTDs and for the three major infectious diseases (malaria, tuberculosis, HIV/ AIDS).
These diseases strike people with low incomes in developing countries, causing them to leave work. This in turn leads to a negative cycle of poverty in which people become incapacitated due to disease and become even poorer, and international efforts
are called upon to tackle this significant global health issue. In response, Eisai is currently conducting various projects aimed at developing new treatments for Chagas disease, filariasis, leishmaniasis and mycetoma as well as malaria and tuberculosis. Undertaking research activities for these diseases requires specific expertise, technologies and clinical study experience in addition to networks with clinical facilities in endemic regions. For these reasons, Eisai is actively engaged in external collaborations such as partnerships with global research organizations and is participating in international consortiums to share compound libraries, as Eisai seeks to develop new drugs for NTDs and the three major infectious
diseases.
Eisai aims to develop new drugs for Chagas disease, a disease transmitted by the assassin bug which is prevalent in 21 countries in Latin America. For this purpose, Eisai conducted a PhaseII
study of its in-house developed antifungal agent fosravuconazole (E1224) in partnership with the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi ). This Phase II study is completed and future plans are under review. In Sudan, another Phase II study of the agent is being conducted with DNDi for fungal mycetoma, a highly neglected disease for which there is no effective treatment. Mycetoma is transmitted through pricks in the skin and causes large lesions that can spread to other parts of the body and cause severe disability. Since February 2019, in cooperation with the international non-governmental organization, Association for Aid and Relief, Japan (AAR Japan), Eisai has been implementing awareness activities about knowledge on mycetoma and the importance of early treatment, as well as initiatives that promote patients’ early diagnosis and treatment at medical institutions in Sudan which is one of the countries where the disease is most prevalent.
39
Eisai Integrated Report 2019

    Visiting Sudan which is One of the Most Endemic Countries with Mycetoma
We visited Mycetoma Research Center (MRC) at Khartoum University where the PhaseII study for E1224 is being conducted and inspected the status of clinical study and treatments. At MRC, over 8,500 patients have been treated to the present. However, the current treatment requires long-term medication and high economic burden, so more than half of patients cannot complete the treatment. This leads to the recurrence
of the disease and results in resection or amputation surgery.
Then we visited a clinic in Wad Onsa Village, an endemic area of
visits the clinic in Wad Onsa Village several times a year, and provides diagnosis and medical treatments including surgery free of charge for residents of the surrounding 290 villages. A total of more than 700 people have undergone surgery since 2015. However, patients need to go to the capital in case they need major surgery,
but not many of them can afford accommodation and treatment costs.
Through this visit, we deeply realized that there are many patients suffering from mycetoma even now. We felt the need to accelerate the development of new treatments for mycetoma and to actively engage in disease awareness activities.
   Photo of Clinic in Wad Onsa Village
mycetoma with the MRC medical team. Wad Onsa Village is a remote area 400 km
away from the capital and has no medical facilities. Therefore the MRC Medical Team
Katsura Hata
Director, Global Health Research Section, hhc Data Creation Center
Takayuki Hida
Group Leader, ESG Group, Policy, Advocacy & Sustainability Department
● NTDs/Three major infectious diseases research project portfolio (As of June 2019)
    Leishmaniasis
Early research stage
Non-clinical
    Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs)
Chagas disease
Chagas vaccine (using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020) 1
Chagas vaccine (using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020) 3
E1224 Chagas Disease project (PhaseII study) 4
 Screening of novel compounds 2
    Filariasis
 Mycetoma
AWZ1066S 5
 E1224 Eumycetoma project (PhaseII study) 6
     Malaria
Inhibitor of Plasmodium GWT1 7
BRD5018 11
Clinical
SJ733 (PhaseI study) 14
  3 Major Infectious Diseases
Inhibitor of Plasmodium DHODH 8
Screening of novel compounds for malaria 9
TLR9 antagonist
for cerebral malaria 12
  Novel compound for artemisinin resistant malaria 13
   Tuberculosis
Malaria vaccine (using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020) 10
Inhibitor of Mycobacterium tryptophan synthase 15
             Consortium for NTDs and 3 major infectious diseases
■Main partners of the projects
1, 10, 12 Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz) (Brazil)
2, 4, 6, 17 Drugs for Neglected Disease initiative(DNDi)
(Switzerland)
3 Sabin Vaccine Institute (U.S.)
5, 13 Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine (U.K.), University of Liverpool (U.K.)
7, 9 Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) (Switzerland)
8, 11 Broad Institute (U.S.), Medicines for Malaria Venture(MMV)(Switzerland) 14 University of Kentucky (U.S.), Medicines for Malaria Venture(MMV)
(Switzerland)
15 Broad Institute (U.S.), Colorado State University (U.S.), University of Chicago
(U.S.)
16 World Intellectual Property Organization(WIPO)(Switzerland), BIO Ventures
for Global Health(BVGH) (U.S.)
18, 19 Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (U.S.)
WIPO Re:Search 16 NTD Drug Discovery Booster 17 Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator 18 TB Drug Accelerator 19
   Please visit the following link for details on projects▶ https://www.eisai.com/sustainability/atm/research.html
Pricing Policy that Emphasizes Affordability
Eisai has formulated various flexible pricing policies that enable patients in developing and emerging countries to purchase Eisai’s products at affordable
prices. These pricing policies are formulated taking into consideration the social, economic and healthcare environments of developing and emerging countries. For example, Eisai has been providing Aricept® and Pariet® in India since 2005 at affordable prices that
40

Company Introduction Management StrategiesValue Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendixare best suited to the living standards of the local patients.
Regarding Fycompa®, we introduced a unique system in India where many patients have to pay
the full cost of medical expenses out-of-pocket. The treatment is provided for free to patients for a certain period of time, and a full-scale administration of the treatment is implemented once efficacy is confirmed. In addition, Eisai has introduced tiered pricing, “Hope to Her”program, an affordable pricing model, for the anticancer agent Halaven® in 8 Asian countries. In this model, co-payment is set at several tiers in accordance with the income level and health insurance availability of the patients, ranging from the full price to free of charge depending on the condition. During the five-
year period, Halaven® was supplied to approximately 4,100 patients cumulatively via tiered pricing.
 Creating Corporate Value and Solutions to Social Issues Through Initiatives for Improving ATM
Input Output Outcome
Explanation about “Hope to Her” program from Medical Representative to a doctor (India)
      Intellectual capital
●Accumulation of knowledge from drug creation activities for many yearsHuman capital
●Employees’ strong motivation to contribute to patients supported by the
hhc philosophyProduction capital
●Utilization of the Vizag Plant in India for low-cost productionSocial and Relationship capital
●Economic growth in developing and emerging countries due to improvement of health and welfare, and increase in middle-income class
●Improvement in the value of Eisai’s corporate brandHuman capital
●Improvement in employees’ skills and motivationFinancial capital
●Reduced cost of manufacturing due to increased operation rate at the Vizag Plant
●(Very long-term perspective) Profits created through businesses in developing and emerging countries●Supply of lymphatic filariasis treatment DEC tablets free of charge
●Activities for raising awareness of lymphatic filariasis
●Supply of products based on affordable and tiered pricing strategies
     Social and Relationship capital
●Partnership with WHO or international research institutionsFinancial capital
●Healthy balance sheet
 For the purpose of facilitating the improvement of ATM, Eisai utilizes many different types of capital as input and converts them into many different forms of output (products and services), such as DEC tablets, through business activities. As a result, we pursue the creation of positive outcomes such as the improvement of health, welfare and economic growth by increasing the number of middle-income populations in developing countries and emerging countries. Eisai also seeks
to enhance the value of its corporate brand, improve employees’ skills and motivation, and reduce costs by increasing the operation rate of the Vizag Plant as
positive internal outcomes. Eisai believes that efforts to improve ATM will increase capital to an extent that is greater than the amount of input, through the creation of added value. Eisai’s initiatives for improving ATM go beyond the framework of CSR activities and aim at creating long-term value. Supplying DEC tablets free of charge will initially be a loss and thus negatively affect profits and ROE in the short term.
However, from a very long-term perspective, we estimate that it will boost our NPV (net present value) to a positive level through the creation of the outcomes described above.
Eisai’s Initiatives for Improving ATM Highly Evaluated
The Access to Medicine Foundation, an international non-profit organization which analyses how the world's largest pharmaceutical companies are addressing access to medicine, biennially researches and publishes the Access to Medicine Index. In 2018, Eisai was ranked 8th rising three
places in the ranking from 11th in 2016. Among Eisai’s activities,
Eisai’s continued commitment to combat NTDs was selected as the best practice.
In addition, Eisai has been selected for the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index as a company with outstanding ESG ratings, and has maintained an AA ranking in the ESG Index for six consecutive years since 2014. In this Index, the area of Access to Health Care was highlighted as one of Eisai’s strengths.
 41
Eisai Integrated Report 2019