Intellectual Capital Social and Relationship Capital Initiatives for Dementia Area
Offering Solutions that Go Beyond Providing Pharmaceuticals
Undertaking a variety of activities for solving issues faced by patients, their families and the community and for building a foundation for a society that coexists with dementia
 Eisai launched the in-house developed dementia treatment Aricept® in 1999. The introduction of Aricept® as Japan’s first Alzheimer’s disease treatment provided patients and their families with great hope. In the following section, Dr. Masaaki Matsushita, Professor Emeritus, University of Tokyo, describes the differences between the situation today and the times prior to the launch of Aricept® when there were no treatments for dementia.
Back then, dementia was still described in Japan as “senility,” and the understanding of this disease and
its diagnostic methods had not adequately spread throughout society. Eisai was acutely aware that the environment surrounding dementia patients would never change just by providing Aricept®. Acting on this recognition, Eisai proactively promoted a variety of initiatives to break through the status quo approach toward dementia. First, Eisai repeatedly carried out disease awareness activities for Alzheimer’s disease through civic forums and its website. To date, Eisai has held meetings for dementia disease awareness on approximately 2,000 times in Japan and around 10,000 times globally. For the diagnosis of dementia, Eisai has actively worked to promote the spread of simple diagnostic methods, such as the Hasegawa Dementia Scale and MMSE*, which are more suitable for clinical practice. These initiatives have produced positive results and have helped significantly increase the awareness of dementia throughout the world. At the same time, Eisai learned that the provision of pharmaceuticals was not enough to solve issues surrounding dementia patients. Dr. Masahiro Shigeta, Director, Department of Psychiatry at Jikei University School of Medicine, describes these issues surrounding dementia patients below.
Dr. Manabu Ikeda, Professor, Department of Psychiatry, Osaka University Medical School describes Eisai’s engaging in dementia area below.
* MMSE (Mini Mental State Examination) was developed in the U.S. in 1974 for diagnosing dementia and other diseases. This is an examination mainly for measuring recall, calculation ability, language ability and orientation.“Hopes on Aricept®”
“I have been involved in the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease since 1960s. As a doctor, when I was depressed by expectations and hopes for what I can do for patients as well as desperation, Aricept® shed light on the future treatment for dementia. With Aricept®, part of the walls of hard-to-treat dementia has been destroyed.”
Dr. Masaaki Matsushita
Director, Tokyo Metropolitan Geneatric Hospital Professor Emeritus, University of Tokyo
 “I have seen many patients with dementia and their families who have happy life in the clinical settings. The ability that was lost due to dementia is only a small part of that persons. There is no need to be sad even when dementia comes up. When trying to truly respond to anxieties and requests of patients and their families, there is more important thing other than the presence of treatments. I assume that Eisai can honestly confront dementia because Eisai has been with dementia patients since Aricept® went on the market.”
Dr. Masahiro Shigeta
Director, Department of Psychiatry
at Jikei University School of Medicine
 “As a leading company in Japan, I want Eisai to take a challenge on developing new treatments for dementia. Keeping that in mind, I would like to ask Eisai to support for the steadily growing elderly people living alone “to be able to continue to live safely in a familiar area”. Further initiatives to realize the measures to avoid various risks are expected so that healthy people as well as patients with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and dementia can live safer and longer lives while respecting their wills and securing their activeness.”
Dr. Manabu Ikeda
Professor, Department of Psychiatry, Osaka University Medical School
 48
Company Introduction Management Strategies
 Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
 Enhancement Activities in Communities under Partnership Agreements for Dementia
 Taking a cue from the launch of Aricept®, Eisai has conducted disease awareness activities and the provision of information in cooperation with local governments and medical associations. In 2008, we started activities to support the building of communities to coexist with patients with dementia, aiming for more concrete activities based on the accumulation of experience and knowledge.
In 2010, Eisai entered into a community development partnership with Asahi Ward in
Yokohama City. This was the first agreement to support dementia patients at the community level
in Japan. With that as a start, we will expand our activities to construct various social systems. Partnership agreements for dementia were concluded with 158 municipalities/medical associations/pharmacist associations in Japan
as of the end of July 2019, and working to build communities that enable patients with dementia to live in peace.
Developing the hhc Solutions Business:
Aiming to Build the Foundation for a Society that Coexists with Dementia
 Throughout over 20 years of disease awareness activities in the dementia area, Eisai learned that the provision of pharmaceuticals was not enough to satisfy the truly unmet dementia-related needs. Since 2016, Eisai has engaged in the business of providing a variety of solutions in cooperation with partners including counterparts of the dementia partnership agreements to meet the unmet needs of patients and their families and build the foundation for a society that coexists with dementia. For all people who hope to live in peace in their familiar communities, we continue to work on the activities to support patients with dementia in each community; promotion of
understanding dementia; and early detection and early treatment of dementia.
In March 2019, the website about the hhc solution businesses including specific activity examples has launched in Japan. We introduce our activity examples in each communities with partnership agreement, and information about variety of our solution products.
Website about the hhc solution businesses (only available in Japanese)
▶ https://hhcs.eisai.jp
 Major Products of hhc Solutions Business
Medicine administration support device “e-OKUSURI-SAN®”
This device supports medicine administration for patients, families, pharmacists, nurses and caregivers. The device also supports looking after patients remotely by confirming a patient’s record of medicine administration.
* e-OKUSURI-SAN® is not a medical device.
A tool to support going out “Me-MAMORIO®”
Me-MAMORIO® is a small tag that utilizes the short- range wireless Bluetooth communication standard jointly developed and sold by Eisai with Mamorio based on a partnership agreement. Through the short-range communication with the smartphone, it is possible to detect the location of patients with dementia and reduce their anxieties while going out.
Educational materials on dementia for elementary, junior high and high school students
Eisai handles teaching materials to local governments, educational institutions and medical care worker for elementary, junior high and high school students to learn about dementia, and think and discuss together how patients with dementia feel and
         how to deal with them.
 Interprofessional Collaboration Service “Hikari One Team SP”
This service enables “One Team” consists of interprofessionals to share the care plan for each patient so as to work on care with same point of view.
 49
Eisai Integrated Report 2019

  Intellectual Capital
Special Feature Lenvima®
The Birth Story of Lenvima® and Strategy Toward Value Maximization Through Innovative Partnership
    ●Development History of Lenvima®
Started the research on anticancer agent
Started the research on anti-angiogenesis therapy
Commenced the project “HOPE”
1987 1991 2000
1L thyroid cancer monotherapy
2L renal cell carcinoma in combination with everolimus
1L hepatocellular carcinoma monotherapy
1L renal cell carcinoma in combination with KEYTRUDA®
2L endometrial carcinoma in combination with KEYTRUDA® 1L hepatocellular carcinoma in combination with KEYTRUDA®
Eisai and Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. entered global strategic oncology collaboration
Accelerated development on combination therapy with KEYTRUDA®
 2015 2016 2017
2018 2019
(Japan, U.S., EU, China and Asia)
     (Japan, U.S., EU and Asia)
 ★
1L: First line 2L: Second line ★Received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from U.S. FDA    Approved
★
★
  (U.S. and EU)
  ★
   Project “HOPE”
Development of Novel Anti-angiogenic Therapy with the Efforts to Put Ourselves into Patients’ Place
 Eisai started the research on anticancer agents in 1987. At that time, the main focus in development was cytotoxic anticancer agents that directly attack cancer cells. However, such anticancer agents could not be administered long-term due to their side effects, and their range of appropriate dosage (“therapeutic window”) was very narrow, resulting
to a burden on patients. Under that circumstances, anti-angiogenic therapy had become the next target for development to potentially lessen the burden
on patients. Anti-angiogenetic therapy suppresses angiogenesis of cancer cells, which occur to enhance nutrients and oxygen supply needed for their propagation and metastases.
Eisai started the research on anti-angiogenic therapy in 1991. Eisai’s researchers at Tsukuba Research Laboratories in Japan named the project “HOPE”, and started the project to fulfill patients’ long-cherished needs since 2000.
 Development Goals of Project “HOPE”
Overcoming weakness of cytotoxic anticancer agents
•Feasible for long-term treatment with fewer side effects
•Wider range of dosage (therapeutic window)
•Realize distinct prolongation of lifespan
•Oral administration form to lessen the burden of
administration and minimize the frequency to visit medical facilities for patients
“Make Haste Slowly”
Commenced with the Establishment of New Evaluation Model to Reflect Clinical Setting
 Eisai started the establishment of an evaluation model for preclinical setting that was more similar to pathology of cancer in clinical setting, with the aim that the compound with strong activity in preclinical would reproduce anticancer activity (efficacy) in
patients. As a result, a groundbreaking model that could induce angiogenesis both in vitro and in vivo was created, and the system to screen compounds utilizing that model was established.Taking this opportunity, Eisai started a full-scale research.
●New in vitro Evaluation Model of Angiogenesis with 24-Well Cell Culture Plate
   Human Umbilical
Vein Endothelial cells (HUVEC) ➡
Upper layer of collagen gel Lower layer of collagen gel
    50
 
Company Introduction Management Strategies
 Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
 Careful Evaluation on Compounds with Low-Throughput Screening System
 As “HOPE” project progressed, new insights into angiogenesis were being reported gradually. It was suggested that angiogenesis consisted of multiple processes, and each of these process was regulated by multiple angiogenic factors, such as VEGF (vascular endothelial growth factor), FGF (fibroblast growth factor), PDGF (platelet derived growth factor) and HGF (hepatocyte growth factor).
Based on such new insights into angiogenic factors, Eisai developed a unique in vitro evaluation model that induces tube formation of endothelial cells, which was considered to be a process specific to angiogenesis. The mainstream of the method to find seed compounds was high-throughput screening, which could evaluate hundreds of compounds all
at once to enhance efficiency in the process at that time. However, Eisai prioritized utilizing a novel in vitro evaluation model, which is believed to reflect tumor environment in human body, and low-throughput screening to evaluate efficacies of compounds for lumen formation induced by three factors of VEGF, FGF and HGF. Although the low-throughput screening could only evaluate 3 to 4 compounds a week, Eisai continuously conducted the screening. In the end, Eisai found the seed compound, which not only had 100 to 1000 times stronger activity than other anti- angiogenic agents that inhibited vascular endothelial
●Low-throughput screening and High-throughput screening
Low-throughput screening
(number of compounds to be evaluated at once is limited)
●Blood vessel induced from stimulation by each factors of angiogenesis
  No stimulation
 Stimulation by VEGF
    Characteristics of Lenvima® Inhibition of both VEGFR and FGFR
Stimulation by FGF
Stimulation by HGF
●Unique phenomenon of angiogenesis Tube formulation of endothelial cells
growth factor receptors (VEGFR) developed by other companies, but also inhibited fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFR). As a result of all these processes, Lenvima® was born.
 High-throughput screening
(evaluate multiple compounds at once)
 Lenvima® is designed to inhibit not only signals for VEGFR in tumor vascular endothelial cell, but also tumor vessels with excessive FGFR signals and FGF- dependent tumor cells. Eisai believes that Lenvima® is potentially efficacious for multiple cancer types by inhibiting FGFR, which conventional VEGFR kinase inhibitors would not target upon.
VEGF FGF
VEGFR FGFR
FGF
FGFR
Tumor cells proliferation/ survival
Tumor cell
   51
Eisai Integrated Report 2019
Lenvima®
Inhibition Tumor angiogenesis
Vascular endothelial cell
Inhibition
   Lenvima®

 Establishment of Unique Evaluation Model and Low-Throughput Screening were the Keys for Successful Development of Lenvima®
 When Eisai started the research on anti- angiogenic therapy in 1990’s, rodent cornea
and chorioallantoic membrane of chicken eggs, which had no blood vessel, were utilized in the general model to evaluate angiogenesis. However, researchers of Eisai, including myself, initiated the research to establish a novel evaluation model, based on a conviction that both in vivo and in vitro evaluation models for angiogenesis of tumor that could reflect clinical setting would be essential.
Although we needed human vascular endothelial cell to form in vitro evaluation model, available cells were in bad condition at that time. For that reason, we could not reproduce angiogenesis successfully as expected. We visited obstetrics and gynecology clinics repeatedly to obtain umbilical cord through the courtesy of physicians and with consent of donors. As a result of all these efforts, we could establish a novel in vitro model utilizing isolated- cultured vascular endothelial cells from umbilical cord, and initiate screening for compounds with the model.
We started to find tumor cell, which would not induce angiogenesis at first to establish in vivo model. We finally created artificially modified tumor
Yasuhiro Funahashi
Director, Biomarker Research Translational Science Department, Oncology Business Group
cells that produce VEGF and FGF, important factors of tumor angiogenesis, and established a unique evaluation model that could evaluate tumor angiogenesis and tumor proliferation induced by them.
Other organizations conducted evaluations utilizing high-throughput screening focusing
on only VEGFR kinase inhibitor. On the other hand, we conducted evaluations utilizing low- throughput screening for in vitro evaluation. We evaluated the inhibitory activity in angiogenesis induced by both VEGF and FGF. We paid attention not only to the strength of the activity, but also to the balance of inhibiting VEGF and FGF. In in vivo evaluation model, we also evaluated prolongation of lifespan, a primary endpoint in clinical study, to seek for a promising compound in addition to utilizing our unique model.
It took great effort and time. However, it is
an honor that our passion and strong will to create better medicine resulted in the birth of an innovative medicine, Lenvima®.
Achieved obtainment of New Indication for Hepatocellular Carcinoma Globally and Accelerated Growth
 Indication expansion for Lenvima® is proceeding very smoothly. Lenvima® was first approved for the treatment of thyroid cancer (monotherapy), and then approved in combination with everolimus for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (second- line) globally. Regarding the third indication of hepatocellular carcinoma (monotherapy), we
obtained approvals in Japan, the U.S., Europe, China and Asia in 2018.
Liver cancer is the fourth-leading cause of cancer death, estimated to be responsible for approximately 780,000 deaths per year globally. Additionally, approximately 840,000 cases are newly diagnosed each year. Hepatocellular carcinoma accounts for
85% to 90% of liver cancer. There are only a few systemic chemotherapies approved for the first line therapy and unmet medical needs remained.
Lenvima® has been growing rapidly since Eisai obtained approvals for hepatocellular carcinoma indication globally. Annual revenue reached 62.6 billion yen in fiscal 2018, which was 194% growth year-on-year. Revenue target for fiscal 2019 is 116.0 billion yen with 185% year-on-year growth.
 Hepatocellular carcinoma Simultaneous submissions and approvals in Japan, the U.S., Europe, China, and Asia
   Europe
Submitted: July 24, 2017 Approved: August 20, 2018
China
Submitted: October 30, 2017 Approved: September 4, 2018
the U.S.
Submitted: July 24, 2017 Approved: August 15, 2018
South Korea
Submitted: March 6, 2018 Approved: August 29, 2018
Japan
Submitted: June 23, 2017 Approved: March 23, 2018
 52

Company Introduction Management Strategies
 Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
 Maximizing the Value of Lenvima® Through Innovative Partnership Model
 In order to maximize the value of Lenvima®, Eisai
and Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. (U.S. Merck) agreed upon a global strategic collaboration for Lenvima® in March 2018. Under the agreement, Eisai and U.S. Merck started co-commercialization of Lenvima® in fiscal 2018 and achieved high growth in major countries around the world. Co- development of the combination therapy with anti- PD-1 antibody KEYTRUDA® is also proceeding smoothly. Eisai has received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the U.S. FDA for treatment of
hepatocellular carcinoma as first-line treatment in combination with KEYTRUDA® in July 2019 in addition to renal cell carcinoma and endometrial carcinoma. 11 clinical studies out of 13 (12 studies are pivotal studies) planned for combination therapies
under co-development, have been initiated, and remaining 2 studies will be initiated in fiscal 2019.
As a result of this agreement, the collaboration will potentially expand contribution to patients and lower the costs and risks in development by sharing R&D expenses.
Approved indications
Thyroid cancer 1L
Monotherapy Approved in over 55 countries
★Renal cell carcinoma 2L
Combination with everolimus Approved in over 50 countries
Hepatocellular carcinoma 1L
Monotherapy Approved in over 50 countries
13 studies for the combination therapy with KEYTRUDA®,
11 studies have been initiated, and the remaining 2 studies are planned to be initiated in fiscal 2019
  ★Renal cell carcinoma 1L
★Hepatocellular carcinoma 1L
★Endometrial carcinoma 2L
Melanoma 1L
Non-small cell lung cancer 1L
PD-L1 positive
Endometrial carcinoma 1L
Melanoma 2L
Non-small cell lung cancer 2L
          Non-small cell
lung cancer 1L
Non-squamous cell carcinoma Combination with chemotherapy
Urothelial carcinoma 1L
Head and neck
Head and neck
   cancer 1L
cancer 2L
 Plan to initiate in fiscal 2019
Plan to initiate in fiscal 2019
 Basket trial in multiple cancer types
(Triple-negative breast cancer, Gastric cancer, Ovarian cancer, Colorectal cancer, Glioblastoma, Biliary tract cancer)
1L:First line, 2L:Second line  ★:Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the U.S. FDA
●Major mechanism of how Lenvima® enhances efficacy of anti-PD-1 antibody
Results from preclinical studies showed that antitumor activity of the anti-PD-1 antibody was enhanced with Lenvima® administration by reducing tumor-associated macrophages (TAM) and increasing activated cytotoxic T cells, which attack cancer cells.
 ■The mechanism of tumor associated macrophages
Tumor associated macrophages
Inhibits action
 Anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-L1
Cancer Weakened cells attack
PD-1
Cytotoxic T cells
Tumor associated macrophages are cells that cancer cells activate to protect themselves and inhibit the attack of cytotoxic T cells
■The mechanism of Lenvima®
 Anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-L1
Cancer cells
Attack more strongly
PD-1
Cytotoxic T cells
Tumor associated macrophages
Inhibits action
Lenvima®
  Lenvima® activates cytotoxic T cells by inhibiting the action of tumor associated macrophages, which results in attacking the cancer cells more strongly
 ■Self-protection of cancer cells against cytotoxic T cells
PD-1
Weakened Cytotoxic Cancer attack T cells
cells
To protect themselves, cancer cells inhibit the action of cytotoxic T cells attacking cancer cells through the binding between PD-1 and PD-L1
■The work of anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-1
Attack
Cytotoxic T cells
The anti-PD-1 antibody releases the brake on the cytotoxic T cells by inhibiting the binding between PD-1and PD-L1, which results in attacking the cancer cells
PD-L1
  Anti-PD-1 antibody
PD-L1
 Cancer cells
53
Eisai Integrated Report 2019

●Recognition of payments under agreement with U.S. Merck
 The strategic collaboration brings medium- to long-term financial impact on Eisai
 Maximum of up to 5.76 billion U.S. dollars in total (approx. 611.0 billion yen*)
▶ One-time payment: 950 million U.S. dollars (approx. 101.0 billion yen*)
・Upfront payment: 300 million U.S. dollars (approx. 32.0 billion yen*) (Recognized in March 2018) ・One-time option payments associated with U.S. Merck exercising for certain option rights:
650 million U.S. dollars (approx. 69.0 billion yen*)
Recognized 325 million U.S. dollars in fiscal 2018. Plan to recognize 200 million U.S. dollars in fiscal 2019 and 125 million U.S. dollars in fiscal 2020.
▶ Reimbursement for R&D payment: 450 million U.S. dollars (approx. 48.0 billion yen*)
・450 million U.S. dollars of reimbursement for R&D payment was recognized in March 2018
and was booked in deposits. The deposits will be withdrawn as Eisai’s share of the R&D expenses concerning Lenvima® occurs, and then booked as the reversal of R&D expenses.
▶ Milestone payments: Maximum of up to 4.36 billion U.S. dollars in total (approx. 462.0 billion yen*) ・Clinical and regulatory milestones: Up to 385 million U.S. dollars (approx. 41.0 billion yen*)
Include regulatory approval of indications in hepatocellular carcinoma or renal cell carcinoma, etc.
・Milestones associated with sales of Lenvima®: Maximum of up to 3.97 billion U.S. dollars (approx. 421.0 billion yen*)
Recognized 50 million U.S. dollars in fiscal 2018. Plan to recognize multiple sales-based milestone payments in fiscal 2019.
*USD 1=106 yen
Recognized 225 million U.S. dollars in fiscal 2018
 Strong Bonds between Eisai and Key Opinion Leaders Generated Innovative Partnership
 The initiation of the collaboration with U.S.
Merck dates back to March 2015 when we first entered into a collaboration on the research. Under the collaboration agreement, we have
been conducting Study 111 (Phase Ib/II Study) in multiple cancer types in combination of Lenvima® and KEYTRUDA®. Although Study 111 is still ongoing, significant anti-tumor activity exceeding monotherapy was demonstrated in all six types
of cancer (renal cell carcinoma, endometrial carcinoma, head and neck cancer, urothelial cancer, non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma). These significant interim analysis results surprised U.S. Merck, and led to the innovative collaboration agreement in March 2018.
Takashi Owa
Vice President Chief Medicine Creation Officer, Oncology Business Group, Chief Discovery Officer, Oncology Business Group
Eisai's scientists strongly believed that Lenvima® had a potential to enhance efficacy of anti-PD-1 antibody based on its unique mechanism of action. On the other hand, the scientists of U.S. Merck were not definate about the potential of Lenvima®, since they were conducting clinical studies with numbers of agents in combination with KEYTRUDA®. It is my personal opinion but one of the reasons why the results from Study 111 in combination therapy of Lenvima® and
 40 20 0 -20 -40
Interim analysis of Study 111 targeting 6 cancer types
■ Renal cell carcinoma (RCC)*1
        ■ Head and neck cancer *1 -60 ■ Endometrial cancer *1
■ Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)*2 -80 ■ Melanoma*2
-100
■ Urothelial carcinoma*2
*1 Presented at the 54th Annual Meeting of the American Society Of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), data cutoff were December 15, 2017 for endometrial cancer, and December 1, 2017 for RCC and head and neck cancer.
*2 Presented at The Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer's (SITC) 33rd Annual Meeting, data cutoff was March 1, 2018 for NSCLC, melanoma and urothelial carcinoma.
54
Tumor diameter change rate (%)

Company Introduction Management StrategiesValue Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) AppendixKEYTRUDA® exceeded the expectation of scientists of U.S. Merck is that two key opinion leaders greatly supported the potential of Lenvima® in light of their experience for clinical use.
One of the key opinion leaders is a world famous physician. He paid attention to Lenvima®’s unique mechanism of action that clearly differed from other tyrosine kinase inhibitors, and suggested the potential treatment for renal cell carcinoma in combination with everolimus. He also supported us when we had a discussion with U.S. Merck for the strategic collaboration based on his insights for the combination therapy of Lenvima® and immune checkpoint inhibitor.
Another key opinion leader was an up-and- coming physician who believed in the potential of Lenvima® from the experience to lead clinical
study of monotherapy treatment in thyroid cancer. We are grateful that he suggested to U.S. Merck that it would be worth to consider this for clinical studies in multiple cancer types (basket trial). The original plan for Study 111 included an option to limit the number of cancer types. I think that we could start the research collaboration with six types of cancer thanks to suggestions from the key opinion leader. If we did not conduct Study 111 with six types of cancer, we might not have been able to enter into the strategic collaboration.
Strategic collaboration of Lenvima® became possible with a lot of luck. However, the key for the collaboration is the strong bond between Eisai and key opinion leaders generated from Lenvima®’s great potential, in addition to the effort of Eisai’s scientists to maximize the potential.
Pipeline Following Lenvima® Worldwide Product Creation Capability
 Halaven® is an in-house microtubule dynamics inhibitor which is a result of Eisai’s remarkable capability in synthetic chemistry. The origin of medicine creation of Halaven® is halichondrin B, which showed strong anti- tumor substances, extracted from Halichondria okadai of marine organism. New project is underway utilizing assets obtained from development of Halaven®.
The middle molecule compound, investigational E7130 is synthetically produced from halichondrin through joint research with Harvard University utilizing Eisai’s strength in synthetic organic chemistry, and PhaseIstudy is ongoing in solid tumors.
As for biologics (antibody drugs), a PhaseI study is ongoing for Eisai’s potential first antibody- drug conjugate (ADC) MORAb-202. ADCs are believed to be next-generation antibody drugs, in which antibody drugs and small molecular drugs (payloads) are chemically conjugated via a suitable
●Retracing Halaven®’s Discovery and Invention
The marine sponge
Halichondria okadai
●Eisai’s First Antibody-Drug Conjugate (ADC) MORAb-202
This ADC is a combination of farletuzumab, an in-house discovered antibody currently in clinical development, and eribulin, a masterpiece of modern synthetic organic chemistry.
linker. Investigational MORAb-202 is Eisai’s unique ADC which combines the antibody drug farletuzumab and eribulin (Halaven®). MORAb-202 showed enhanced efficacy and antitumor activity
in triple-negative breast cancer and its tumor microenvironment.
Cutting-edge projects are also underway at H3 Biomedicine, Inc., a subsidiary of Eisai Co., Ltd., aiming to develop next-generation anticancer agents toward precision medicine. PhaseIstudies are ongoing for investigational splicing modulator H3B-8800 and investigational FGFR4 inhibitor H3B-6527, and PhaseI/II study is ongoing for investigational ERα inhibitor H3B-6545. In addition to these projects, H3 Biomedicine, Inc. and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company announced a multi-year research collaboration focused on evaluating whether novel therapeutics leveraging H3’s RNA splicing platform can provide a more powerful response against cancer in December 2018.
  Halichondrin B
Me H HOOO
H H Me
HOOOOH HO OHHHO HO
HOOH O H
HO
Pharmaceutical optimization
O
Halaven®
(generic name: eribulin)
H2N
• Molecular weight: 826
• Chiral carbons: 19
• Total synthetic steps: 64
Me OO Me O
MeO OH
O O H
O H OH
O
O O
O
55
Eisai Integrated Report 2019