                                               1-5-1 Wakinohama-Kaigandori,
Chuo-ku, Kobe 651-0073, Japan
Tel +81 (78) 265-0500 Fax +81 (78) 265-0524 www.sysmex.co.jp/en/
This brochure was printed in Japan on FSCR-certified paper using vegetable oil ink.
Sysmex Report 2017
For the year ended March 31, 2017
                  Aiming to Contribute to the Development of Medical Care and the Health of People throughout the World
Since its founding, Sysmex’s business has been focused on the in vitro diagnostics field. We have taken on the challenge of promoting advances in healthcare and aimed to create a fulfilling and healthy society. We endeavor to facilitate testing that aids swifter and more accurate diagnosis, that is conducted nearer to patients and places less of a burden on them, and
that contributes to new levels of healthcare. We plan to continue taking on challenges in the healthcare domain by remaining a step ahead of the times and going outside our existing framework.
12

                     Contents
Profile
To Our Stakeholders
Business Activities
Enhancing Corporate Value
Financial and Other Information
Based on the “Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group, we are working to realize a fulfilling and healthy society.
We aim to achieve sustainable growth by enhancing profitability in our core businesses and investing in our next core businesses.
We are creating frameworks to gen- erate and provide value in response to diverse market needs.
By putting into practice the “Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group, we are contributing to society and working to achieve sus- tainable increases in corporate value.
5 13
55
76
Corporate Philosophy for
the Sysmex Group................................. 5
Message from the CEO ...................... 13 Our Financial Perspective................. 17 Financial Highlights ............................. 19 Growth Strategies................................. 21
Framework for Generating Value.... 31 Functional Structure............................ 33
CSR Management.................................. 57 Resolution of Medical Issues
Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Data (10 Years) ........ 77
Editorial Policy
A Sustained Growth Trajectory...... 7 Business Domains and
33 Logistics 35
through Products and Services ...... 59 Responsible Provision of
Management’s Discussion and Analysis....................................................... 79
The Sysmex Report, an integrated report that summarizes financial and nonfinancial informa- tion, is intended to help stakeholders under- stand Sysmex’s medium- to long-term value creation. For more detailed information, please visit our website.
Market Positioning................................ 9 Our Story of Value Creation ............ 11
Research and Development Procurement, Manufacturing and
Products and Services......................... 61 Environmental Consideration ......... 62
Consolidated Financial Statements... 83 Stock Information ................................. 89 Corporate Overview............................. 90
External Environment 21 Internal Environment 22 Long-Term Management Targets 23 New Mid-Term Management Plan 24
Sales and Support Services
37
Organizations Covered
Reinforcing Profitability to 1 Achieve Further Growth
Americas
41
Corporate Governance....................... 65 Members of the Managing Board . 71
(Core Businesses) 25
EMEA
(Europe, the Middle East and Africa)
43 45 47
Messages from Outside
Members of the Managing Board... 73
2 Investing in Growth to
Reform Our Business Portfolio 27
China
Asia Pacific
Japan 49
Accounting Standards
3 Promoting Reforms to
Lead Growth 30
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward- Looking Statements
Statements in this report pertaining to Sysmex’s future plans, strategies, business performance and other items are based on currently available information and involve certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these statements.
31
Overview of Business by
Geographic Region............................... 39
Realization of
an Attractive Workplace.................... 63
In principle, this report covers the Sysmex Group (including Group companies in Japan and overseas). In this report, “Sysmex” refers to the Sysmex Group as a whole. “Sysmex Corporation” refers to the Company on a stand-alone basis.
Principal Testing Fields and Products..................................................... 51
User Report .............................................. 53
34
Executive Officers ................................ 75
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017,
we voluntarily adopted the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). In this report, figures presented up to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, are in accordance with Japanese GAAP. Figures beginning after the year ended March 31, 2016, are presented in accordance with IFRS.
Sysmex Report 2017

          Profile
Corporate Philosophy for the Sysmex Group
Aiming to Support People’s Health, an Ideal We Have Carried Forward Since Our Founding
Realizing a healthy society is our ideal. Our corporate culture emphasizes taking on challenges in developing new products and technologies. Furthermore, we have carried forward Sysmex’s values—building trust and confidence among all our stakeholders—since the time of our founding.
Shaping the advancement of healthcare.
1959
We continue to create unique and innovative values, while building trust and confidence.
In 1959, Sysmex Founder Taro Nakatani visited the United States, looking for new business ideas. His attention was drawn to the field of medical elec- tronic devices.
With passion and flexibility, we demonstrate
our individual competence and unsurpassed teamwork.
1963
When he returned to Japan, Mr. Nakatani began working with young researchers, conducting studies and engaging in development. In 1963, the Company succeeded in the commercialization of
Japan’s first hematology analyzer, the CC-1001.
Core Behaviors
1968
We deliver reassurance to our customers, through unmatched quality, advanced technologies, superior support, and actions that consistently reflect the viewpoint of our customers.
We constantly look out for our customers’ true needs, and seek to generate new solutions to satisfy those needs.
Established TOA MEDICAL ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. (current Sysmex Corporation)
To Our Employees
Formulated by Founder Taro Nakatani
We honor diversity, respect the individuality of each employee, and provide them with a workplace where they can realize their full potential.
We value the spirit of independence and challenge, provide employees with opportunities for self-fulfillment and growth, and reward them for their accomplishments.
Our Fundamental Management Policy
Corporate Objective
Fundamental Management Policy (the “Three Aspects of Confidence”)
By selling the products we create, we will satisfy the demands of society at large, contribute to society and make our own lives more fulfilling.
 Total customer confidence in all of our products.
To Our Business Partners
2007
Our shareholders can rest assured that we will continue to improve the soundness and transparency of our management policies, while promoting information disclosure and close communications.
We commit ourselves to a consistent yet innovative style of management, in order to achieve sustainable growth and increased shareholder value.
In line with changes in the global management environment, we redefined the perspective carried forward since the time of our founding, formulating an expanded corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group, the “ .”
To Society
Our founder, setting off on his overseas visit
The CC-1001 automated hematology analyzer
 Total confidence in our associates in all our business transactions.
We deliver commitment to our client companies through broad-ranging partnerships.
We strive to be a company that can grow in step with our trade partners, through respect and mutual trust.
Total confidence of our employees in themselves and all their work.
To Our Shareholders
56
To Our Customers
We carry out our business in strict compliance with laws and regulations, as well as in adherence to high ethical standards. As a responsible member of society, we play an active role in resolving environmental issues and other problems that impact our society today.
Sysmex Report 2017

                          ...
                          Profile
Sysmex Report 2017
A Sustained Growth Trajectory
Target for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Since our founding, we have sought to foresee future needs and continued taking on challenges in the healthcare domain.
Formulation of the corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group
2007
Founding members 1968
Our first overseas location (Germany) The world’s first system product in the hematology field 1972 1990
Entered the life science field
Opening of the Central Research Laboratories (at the time)
2000
Overseas sales
1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994
Management
Changed company name to Sysmex Corporation
Formulated our corporate philosophy
Establishment
1998
2007 Formulation of the “Sysmex Way” 2008 Renewal of our corporate logo
Strengthening Our Global Management Structure
Sales and Support Services
Reinforced our global sales network through business alliances
1995 Entered an alliance with current Siemens
Commenced direct the world’s biggest 2003 United States
sales in market
Accelerated the establishment of bases in emerging markets 2010 Vietnam, Philippines
2011 Russia
R&D and Manufacturing
Developed the world’s first system product in the hematology field 1990
Expanded our technology platform with a view to personalized medicine
2013 Acquired the current Sysmex Partec and Sysmex
Expanding the Healthcare Business
Domestic sales
Hematology
Established our first overseas location
Began providing direct sales, service and support overseas for the first time
1991 United Kingdom
Constructing a Sales, Service and Support Network Covering More Than 190 Countries
1972 Germany
Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. in relation to
Consolidated sales, development, man- ufacturing and general affairs divisions 1973 Established the Kakogawa Factory
Promoted the expansion of business fields
1986 Established the Kobe Factory
Promoted the expansion of business fields
1993 Established the main building of
Inostics as subsidiaries
2016 Converted RIKEN GENESIS to a subsidiary
Created the “Sysmex” brand
1978
Strengthened our management structure
Urinalysis
Hemostasis
Techno Center
2008 Established Technopark (expanded Techno Center)
Immunochemistry
78
hemostasis products
1998 Entered an alliance with current F. Hoffman-
2014 Turkey 2014 Colombia 2015 Ghana
La Roche Ltd. in hematology products
Establishment of locations in Asia and China Entered the life science field
Reagent factory in China in 1995 and in Singapore in 1998
2000 Opened the Central Research Laboratories within the current Technopark
Proactively Entering New Fields in the Healthcare Domain
Reinforced R&D capabilities in reagents
2001 Converted the current Sysmex International Reagents Co., Ltd., to a wholly owned subsidiary
Strengthened global-standard R&D capabilities
Consolidated sales in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2020
Listed on the Second Section of the Osaka Securities Exchange in 1995, the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 1996, and the First Sections of the Tokyo and Osaka exchanges in 2000
Gained the top share of the global market in the hematology field
2007
Note: Fiscal years through 1990 ended on February 20. Fiscal years from 1991 ended on March 31 (Japanese GAAP). Figures from 2016 are presented according to IFRS. Figures are presented on a non-consolidated bases through the fiscal year ended March 31, 1993, and on a consolidated basis from the year ended March 31, 1994.
Life Science
¥249.8 billion
¥350.0 billion

                                                        Profile
Sysmex Report 2017
Business Domains and Market Positioning
We continue to grow by taking advantage of our strengths in the expanding market for in vitro diagnostics.
Active in the IVD Domain, Which Is Essential to Healthcare
medicine has begun, such as performing risk diagnosis and monitoring the treatment results of individual patients. Thus, IVD is playing an increasingly important role in healthcare.
Sysmex’s Core Testing Fields
Clinical testing, which is used in a variety of scenarios that include medical diagnosis and treatment, is essential to healthcare. Clinical testing can be broadly divided into two categories: in vitro diagnostics (IVD) that involve the exami- nation of blood, urine or cell samples taken from the body and in vivo diagnostics that involve direct examination using X-rays or electrocardiograms. Sysmex’s primary business is in the IVD domain. In line with progress on genetic analysis and technologies in recent years, the realization of personalized
Market Position
Platelets
Red blood cells
Examination
Diagnosis and Treatment Clinical Laboratory Testing
Recovery
Clotting D-Dimer
In Vitro Diagnostics Hematology*
In Vivo Diagnostics
Fbg
Platelets
Immunochemistry
Hemostasis Urinalysis* Immunochemistry Gene testing
Electrocardiogram measurement
and others
and others
Testing to determine the state of metabolism-related organs by studying sugars, lipids, proteins and other components [Diabetes, arteriosclerosis, liver dysfunction, kidney dysfunction, etc.]
Sysmex business field
Lipids
* Diagnostics used for medical checkups as well
Market Scale and Sysmex’s Business Domains
Life Science   Gene testing
Testing field
Scale
($ million)
Growth Rate
(Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017)
Instruments Reagents
Principal Alliances
Other companies
Sysmex
In this testing, we analyze genetic information to study the likelihood that cancer and other diseases will occur, as well as pharmaceutical compatibility and so on.
Hematology 3,100
6% 5%
63.8% 16.4%
   
Global Global
F. Hoffman-La
Roche
Siemens Healthcare Hematology Diagnostics
  Lymph node metastasis testing
Testing to determine the metastasis of cancer cells to the lymph nodes
Hemostasis 1,800 Urinalysis 1,000
Lymph nodes
320 Immunochemistry 18,000
6%
6.4%
   
Global
EIKEN CHEMICAL —
Of which,
Urinalysis
sediment urinalysis
DNA
Cancer cells
Testing for the presence of sugar, protein or blood in the urine, the presence of urinary tract stones, kidney function and signs of diabetes
Clinical chemistry
  21,700—8.8%— —
Others (genes, blood sugar, etc.) IVD market
53,000 6% — — — —
Market Market
Composition Production of Sales
Sales and Service Area
Market Share in Hematology
Proteins
Inorganic matter
7,400
6% 5%
3.2% 1.4%
Asia Asia
JEOL
Furuno Electric
X-ray/MRI
The IVD domain is forecast to continue growing to meet increasing healthcare needs in developed countries and healthcare infrastructure being put in place in emerg- ing markets. At the same time, global competition is grow- ing increasingly fierce, with companies from other sectors entering our field. Sysmex is responding to this changing environment by leveraging its unique strengths to maximize its corporate value and steadily increase its market position.
Testing for the status of viruses, hormones and proteins, and to determine causes and types of disease
[Infectious diseases (hepatitis, AIDS), cancer, allergies, etc.]
Respiratory function testing
Viruses Hormones
Electroencephalogram testing
Proteins
Clinical Chemistry
Note: Sysmex’s assumptions  Own products  Alliances
Sysmex’s business in the IVD domain involves the provi- sion of instruments, reagents and software around the world, and we rank among the top 10 companies in the world in the IVD domain. In the three fields of hematol- ogy, hemostasis and urinalysis (sediment), we have the leading share of the global market (including through alliances). In addition to these three fields, in Asia we are developing our business in immunochemistry and other growth fields, as we are aiming to position ourselves as the leading company in the IVD domain.
Hematology
9 10
Sugars
White blood cells (lymphocytes)
(neutrophils)
White blood cells
Testing that measures and analyzes the number, type and size of red, white and other blood cells
[Anemia, leukemia, thrombocytopenia, etc.]
FDP
factors
Testing to determine the ability of blood to clot when injured and to dissolve clots
[Hemorrhagic diseases (hemophilia, etc.), thrombotic diseases (deep-vein thrombosis, etc.)]
Hemostasis

                                                    Social Issues and Needs
11
12
Profile
Sysmex Report 2017
Our Story of Value Creation
In the healthcare domain, we are leveraging our strengths to create new value and contribute to the creation of a fulfilling and healthy society.
Based on the “Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group, we are leveraging our distinctive strengths and inputs to develop businesses in the IVD domain that support healthcare. We facilitate testing in more than 190 countries around the world and are
promoting future-oriented initiatives, such as the realization of personalized medicine. By extending healthy lifespans, reducing the burden on patients and enhancing the qual- ity of healthcare, we will create value that contributes to the realization of a fulfilling and healthy society.
P57
Services and Support
  Life Science
R&D Capabilities
Instruments x reagents x software
IVD
Hematology Tests Facilitated by Sysmex
for Creating Unique Value
Technology Platforms
More than 50% of the world total
Manufacturing and Supply Structure
to Provide High-Quality Instruments and a Stable Supply of Reagents
Made in Japan
  Hematology No. 1 share of the global market
Sales, Service and Support
Scientific Seminar Participants (Annually)
emotionally, economically)
to Inspire Confidence in Customers
More than 4,500 people
  Flow Cytometry (FCM)
Realization of Personalized Medicine
Diverse Human Resources Supporting Future Growth
More than 8,000 people
P27
A Stable Business Model
Reagents and services account for more than 65% of sales
Sysmex: 33.3% TOPIX average: 14.5%
Sysmex’s Strengths and Inputs
Business Domains
Value Creation
P33
Genes, cells and proteins
Customer Satisfaction in Hematology (United States)
P35
Quality management system
P37
  Other New Business Fields
Realization of less-invasive testing
P63
More than 40%
ROE 20% or more
Total Shareholder Return (past five years)
P22
Product Development Capabilities
Essential for Healthcare
Social Value
Realizing a Fulfilling and Healthy Society
Instrument Manufacturing
Reagent Production
No. 1 share of the
(Productivity, clinical value) Malaria, etc.
Extending healthy lifespans
Nine factories in seven countries
  Hemostasis
  Urinalysis
  Immunochemistry
Satisfying Regulatory Systems Around the World
No. 1 share of the global market3
Global Business Development
Use of Glycosylation Markers4, etc.
burden on
More than 190 countries
Next Core Businesses
Creation of Unique Testing Parameters
patients (physically,
Network service SNCSTM 1 Number of Group Employees
Through Liquid Biopsy5,
Enhancing the quality of healthcare
(at locations in more than 40 countries)
Female Employees (Group)
Economic Value
A Recurring-Revenue Model that Generates Ongoing Earnings
1 Sysmex Network Communication Systems (SNCS): An online support service that connects to the Sysmex Customer Support Center and customers’ instruments via the Internet to provide real-time external quality control and scientific information and monitor instrument conditions.
3 Sediment urinalysis field
4 Glycosylation marker: A biomarker that targets structural changes in sugar chains present in glycoproteins
5 Liquid biopsy: Similar in performance to a biopsy, which is carried out on a sample taken from tissue such as tumors, but which
2 Including our alliance with Siemens
attempts to reduce the burden on the patient by using blood or body fluid tests.
Corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group
Core Businesses
No. 1 for 11 consecutive years Enhancing the Quality of Testing
2 global market
Automating testing for infectious diseases
P25
Future-Oriented Initiatives
Reducing the

                  13
14
To Our Stakeholders
Message from the CEO
Sysmex’s Mission:
“Shaping the Advancement of Healthcare.”
rate fluctuations than ever before. On a local currency basis, sales were up in all geographic locations, and busi- ness itself has not worsened. Nevertheless, I am extremely disappointed that our streak of ongoing increases in sales and profits has come to an end.
within the Sysmex Group, shaking us out of the sense that smooth sailing is a matter of course. All our employees are starting to realize how difficult it is to maintain ongoing growth. I believe this awareness is an important part of arousing the sense of challenge needed to put ourselves back on a growth trajectory.
The “Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group, defines Sysmex’s mission as “shaping the advancement of healthcare.” We are developing our busi- ness in accordance with this mission. The in vitro diagnos- tics (IVD) domain has been the mainstay of our business since the time of our establishment. Going forward, we will continue contributing to the realization of a fulfilling and healthy society by taking on challenges in advancing healthcare.
These operating results have aroused a sense of crisis
New Challenges for Achieving Sustainable Growth
252.6
249.8 (¥ billion)
51.7(¥ billion) 24.0
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, our growth was interrupted, following 16 continuous years of expansion in sales and 15 straight years of increases in profits. The overriding factor was the impact of exchange rates. With overseas sales accounting for more than 80% of the total, Sysmex is even more exposed to the impact of exchange
145.5
32.8
20.5
Hisashi Ietsugu
Chairman and CEO
We aim to achieve sustainable growth by enhancing profitability in our core businesses and investing in our next core businesses.
  Net Sales
  Operating Profit/Operating Margin
  Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent 39.2 40.6(¥ billion)
221.3 184.5
44.4
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 Japanese GAAP IFRS
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
21.8
20.1 17.8
20.7(%)
15.0
Operating profit Operating margin
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
60.7
14.1
26.6
Sysmex Report 2017

    15
16
To Our Stakeholders
Sysmex Report 2017
Highlights of the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017: Against a Backdrop of Higher Earnings, Invested in Medium- to Long-Term Growth
is spurring advances in personalized medicine and other areas of advanced medical treatment. Given expecta- tions of longer healthy lifespans as societies age, the need to curb medical expenses is growing. On the other hand, economic development in emerging markets and developing countries is driving demand to put healthcare infrastructures in place.
Looking back on the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017,
we achieved steady profitability increases in such fields
as hematology and hemostasis. In the hematology field, we obtained orders from prominent commercial labs and penetrated the West Coast region of the United States. Business in emerging markets also expanded, boosted by the launch of a compact model, the XN-L Series, reinforc- ing our position as the leading company in this field. In the immunochemistry field, which we are investing in as a driver of medium-term growth, the number of instruments in operation increased in Japan, China and other parts of Asia, creating a foundation for growth.
Aiming to Resolve Medical Issues through Unique Technologies
One issue we faced during the year was delays in our planned launch of new products in the urinalysis field. Also, various countries have reinforced their product regu- latory systems in recent years, which means that approval sometimes takes more time than we expect. We are work- ing to increase the speed of new product introductions by reinforcing our system for smoothly obtaining approvals.
For example, we are strengthening our efforts in blood tests that make it easy to check for genetic changes and initiatives to realize personalized medicine—diagnosis and treatment tailored to individuals. Also, no specific drugs exist for the treatment of Alzheimer’s dementia, which is expected to become an increasingly serious social problem as societies age. However, early detection and appropriate care are thought to improve the situation or delay the on- set of the disease. Sysmex is working to develop technolo- gies for using blood tests to detect signs of the disease. Testing plays an important role in such treatment, and numerous themes of this nature remain to be addressed.
are still expanding. In particular, needs are increasing in emerging markets and developing countries, where infra- structures are being put in place as populations increase, so we anticipate further growth.
generating new value and maintain growth. I believe that companies can meet shareholders’ expectations as a result.
On the profit front, I believe that achieving balance is more important than only striving to bolster profitability. While maintaining our operating margin at 20%, we will invest proactively toward the future. Specifically, we will invest in our R&D, manufacturing, and sales and service systems. Also, we will work to recruit and cultivate diverse human resources and make our Company an easier place for employees to work. I believe we need to take balance into account as we endeavor to enhance the quality of our management in these ways.
Another important question is how to expand our creation of new value. Sysmex is developing its business globally, and we are creating systems to deliver our prod- ucts not just in specific regions but around the world. At the same time, it is essential to lower costs. By doing so, we can promote the advancement of healthcare by provid- ing value to even more people.
We will invest the profits generated in these core businesses into our next core businesses—our engines for further growth. By accelerating commercialization in flow cytometry (FCM), life science and other new busi- ness fields, we aim to transform our business portfolio to achieve sustainable growth.
First, ongoing growth provides the basis for share- holder returns through stable dividends. To date, Sysmex has raised dividends for 15 consecutive fiscal years. We will invest proactively in order to maintain high rates of growth, but in the interest of ensuring the important bal- ance between such investment and returning profits to shareholders, we will continue targeting a dividend payout ratio of 30% going forward.
The Environment Surrounding the Healthcare Business
Growing by Reinforcing Profitability in Core Businesses and Investment in Our Next Core Businesses
To support this expansion, we will reinforce manufac- turing in various ways, such as by establishing a base for the development of bio-diagnostic reagents. In addition to reinforcing our IT foundation to optimize operating pro- cesses, we will step up recruitment and cultivation of human resources who are next-generation leaders and who have advanced specialties and promoting further diversity to transform ourselves.
In addition, I recognize the importance of clarifying Sysmex’s current situation and future direction to accurately assess the market. Through our investor rela- tions activities, we engage in dialogue with our sharehold- ers and investors. Furthermore, by enhancing corporate governance and ensuring highly transparent manage- ment, we aim to cultivate trust-based relationships with our stakeholders.
The environment in which Sysmex operates is in a state of dynamic flux. On a macro level, we face the ongoing aging of society, population increases in emerging mar- kets and developing countries and outbreaks of infectious disease. On the technical front, the environment is char- acterized by the use of big data and advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and robotics. These changes in the oper- ating environment are affecting needs in the healthcare market. In developed countries, technological innovation
Our recently formulated new mid-term management plan, which concludes in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, positions hematology, urinalysis, hemostasis and immunochemistry as core businesses. We aim to augment sales and profits by pursuing growth in these fields. These core businesses enable Sysmex to leverage its existing strengths. We see room for growth in these fields, which
Maximizing Shareholder Returns by Maintaining Sound Growth
September 2017
Operating in this environment, Sysmex will take on the challenges of creating new technologies and addressing unmet medical needs. In these ways, we will contribute to the health of people around the world.
The environment in which Sysmex operates is undergo- ing sudden and major changes. I think that environmental compliance should always be equated with management. Environmental compliance enables a company to continue
Hisashi Ietsugu Chairman and CEO

                                      17
18
To Our Stakeholders
Sysmex Report 2017
Our Financial Perspective
We invest proactively and
provide appropriate shareholder returns.
Generating and Using Funds
Proactive Investments to Augment Corporate Value
  Research and Development Expenses
In hematology, hemostasis, urinalysis and immunochemis- try, which we have positioned as core businesses, we aim to further increase profitability and expand operating cash flow.
growth in our new core businesses. As investments in future-oriented reforms, we will concentrate on reinforc- ing manufacturing and foundation, including IT, and on human resource cultivation and management. Regarding shareholder returns, we intend to maintain stable ongoing dividends and increase ROE.
15.5(¥ billion)
We will use the cash these businesses generate to invest in core businesses. In addition, we will invest proac- tively in R&D, M&A and capital expenditure toward further
To achieve further growth, Sysmex is investing toward accelerated future expansion in FCM, life science and other new business fields. In addition, we invest in R&D to generate highly valuable new testing and diagnostic tech- nologies, in M&A to expand our technology platforms, and in capital expenditures for factory expansion to meet our global supply responsibilities. As a result, our R&D expenses and capital expenditures have grown over the past 10 years. During the period of the mid-term management plan that concludes in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, we plan to build a base for bio-diagnostic reagents in Kobe.
9.2
Operating Cash Flow
Shareholder Returns
’08.3 ’09.3
’10.3
’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3
’16.3 ’17.3 IFRS
Strengthen Profitability (Core Businesses)
Investment
          
          
FCM
            
          
               
                       (Including IT)
                                         
Capital Expenditure for Factory Expansion to Meet Our Global Supply Responsibilities
Shareholder Returns
Sysmex aims to maintain a proper balance between aggressive investment, which is designed to sustain steady high growth, and returns to our shareholders as our earn- ing power increases. In terms of returns to shareholders, we intend to provide a stable dividend on a continuous basis and aim for a consolidated payout ratio of 30% under our basic policy of sharing the successes of our operations in line with business performance.
  Dividend and Dividend Payout Ratio Dividend (Annual)
ROE
Stable Dividend on a Continuous Basis Target Dividend Payout Ratio of 30%
15 Consecutive Years of Dividend Increases
3.125 ’03.3
Sustained Appropriate Shareholder Returns Maintenance of a Sound Financial Base Higher Income
                                                                
Japanese GAAP
18.9
Invest in Growth (Next Core Businesses)
R&D
M&A
Capital expenditure
R&D to Accelerate Future Growth in FCM, Life Science and Other New Business Fields
11.8(¥ billion)
             
Investing in Reforms
8.2
Dividend payout ratio (Consolidated)
58 60 (¥)
’10.3
Note: Converted to basis following stock split on April 1, 2014
                         
  Capital Expenditure (Tangible)
29.7
30.5 (%)
’17.3’18.3
(Forecast)
’08.3
’10.3
’17.3
M&A to Enhance Our Technology Platforms
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
ROE was 20.7% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. Going forward, we plan to augment ROE while maintain- ing a healthy financial balance.
  ROE
12.1
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
20.7 (%)

                                                    19
20
To Our Stakeholders
Sysmex Report 2017
Financial Highlights
Net Sales
Total Assets
Return on Assets (ROA)
¥249.8 billion
Net Sales 249.8 (¥ billion)
¥279.8billion 16.3% (Up 6.0% year on year) (Up 0.8 percentage
Total Assets 279.8(¥ billion)
(Down 1.1% year on year)
Euro
US dollar
16.3(%)
Sales were up in all geographic regions on a local currency basis, but down overall due to the impact of yen appreciation.
Note: Exchange rates had a negative impact on net sales of ¥26.4 billion.
1 1 8.8(¥) 108.4(¥)
Total assets increased in line with rises in trade and other receivables and intangible assets.
ROA
Operating Profit Operating Margin
Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent Return on Equity (ROE)
¥51.7 billion
20.7%
¥209.4 billion
20.7%
Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(Down 1.1% year on year)
(Down 3.3 percentage points year on year)
Operating Profit 51.7(¥ billion)
(Up 14.6% year on year)
(Down 2.4 percentage points year on year)
209.4 (¥ billion) 20.7 (%)
Operating profit declined due to the impact of yen appre-
20.7 (%)
ciation and a worsening cost of sales ratio.
in equity attributable to owners of the parent.
Note: Exchange rates had a negative impact on operating profit of ¥11.1 billion.
(Figures through the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, are for equity and return on equity.)
Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent Earnings per share (EPS) (Basic)
Total shareholder return (TSR) (annualized rate)
¥40.6 billion
¥195.31
21.4%
33.3%
Sysmex
(Up 3.5% year on year)
(Up 3.3% year on year)
(Past 10 years)
(Past 5 years)
Sysmex
Profit increased, due to a reduction in income tax expens- es stemming from a reversal of deferred tax liabilities in line with a revised tax treaty between Japan and Germany. (Figures through the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, are net income.)
Due to dividend rises and increases in the share price, total shareholder return (past five years) outpaced TOPIX by 18.8 percentage points.
TOPIX
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 Japanese GAAP IFRS
Operating Margin
Although profit rose, ROE decreased in line with increases
ROE
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 Japanese GAAP IFRS
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
EPS
195.31(¥)
21.4%
Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent 40.6(¥ billion)
33.3%
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 Japanese GAAP IFRS
Past 10 years
Past 5 years
point year on year)
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
TOPIX
0.8%
14.5%

                                                                 21
22
To Our Stakeholders
Sysmex Report 2017
Growth Strategies
Through further growth, we will contribute to the creation of a fulfilling and healthy society.
Internal Environment: Characteristics and Strengths That Will Enable Growth
Healthcare Needs
Putting in place healthcare infrastructure
Extending healthy lifespans
(In hemostasis, the figures are the total including Siemens. Urinalysis indicates sediment testing.)
Changes in the External Environment
Economic growth
Technological innovation (big data, AI, etc.) Advances in healthcare technologies
Asia Pacific
Japan
Product Development Capabilities
External Environment: The Expanding Healthcare Market
The healthcare industry tends to be “defensive,” in the sense that healthcare demand is unaffected by economic performance. Furthermore, IVD requires the use of reagents each time a test is performed, and services and support are needed in order to ensure stable instrument operations.
For these reasons, Sysmex can expect stable earnings to continue after an instrument is purchased, as the Company continues to provide reagents, services and support.
Sysmex enjoys the leading share of the global market in the hematology, hemostasis and urinalysis (sediment) fields. With IVD demand increasing, particularly in emerg- ing markets, we expect high levels of growth to continue in each of these fields.
In developed countries, healthcare needs have begun to change dramatically due to technological innovation and advances in healthcare technologies.
individual patients’ characteristics.
Meanwhile, emerging markets and developing coun-
With personalized medicine, for example, it is becom- ing possible to select effective treatment methods based on individual patient characteristics. Once personalized medicine is realized and popularized, not only will the quality of patient treatment increase, but it will become possible to curb healthcare costs by eliminating the administration of unnecessary drugs. The role of testing in healthcare is growing, as testing is required to determine
tries continue to invest in healthcare infrastructure as their economies grow, causing the market to expand. Various countries are also calling for increases in basic healthcare, such as the establishment of medical insur- ance systems, hospitals and infrastructure. The market is also expected to grow as populations continue to expand.
Testing field
Market Market Scale Growth ($ million) Rate
Composition of Sales
(Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017)
  Changing Healthcare Needs Developing Countries
Total Sales
Others
(genes, blood sugar, etc.)
21,700
—
8.8%
(medical institutions, medical insurance systems)
Better access to healthcare
Realizing personalized medicine
A Sales and Support Structure Covering More than 190 Countries
We have created a structure tailored to the character- istics of individual regions that delivers products and services in more than 190 countries. We leverage this strength to bring newly developed products to the global market quickly.
Unique Technological Capabilities
Eradication of infectious disease
Curtailing healthcare costs
Sysmex has specialists in a variety of fields. This strength enables us to create unique instruments, reagents and software. Another major characteristic is our three differ- ent technology platforms: cells, genes, and proteins.
Rising populations Outbreaks of infectious disease
Instruments
Reagents
Software
(malaria, HIV, etc.)
Aging societies
Technology Platforms
In individual disease categories, measures to counter infectious disease are becoming an international issue, prompting demand to test for malaria and other diseases.
+
Urinalysis 1,000 Of which, 320 sediment urinalysis
6.4%
Emerging Markets
Developed Countries
Instruments
Note: Sysmex’s assumptions
(genomic medicine, molecularly targeted drugs, etc.)
China
Net Sales by Destination (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017)
Sysmex has unique characteristics and strengths that support sustainable growth. We are rolling out measures
to realize medium- to long-term growth by leveraging these strengths.
A Business Model That Generates Stable Earnings
Highly Competitive
Support Services
Hematology 3,100
6% 5% 6%
63.8% 16.4%
8.5%
17.4%
24.1%
+
EMEA*
Americas
25.9%
24.1%
Genes
Cells
Proteins
Reagents
Immunochemistry 18,000 Clinical chemistry 7,400
6% 5%
3.2% 1.4%
+
IVD market
53,000
6%
—
*EMEA: Europe, the Middle East and Africa
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
       
No. 1 Share of
the Global Market
Hemostasis 1,800

                                23
24
To Our Stakeholders
Sysmex Report 2017
Long-Term Management Plan Positioning
12
¥350.0 billion Next core
Long-Term Management Targets
New Mid-Term Management Plan
A Unique & Global Healthcare Testing Company
Long-Term Management Targets
  Mid-Term Management Plan Overview (Announced in May 2017)
Undisputed Global Leader in Hematology, Hemostasis and Urinalysis
Strengthen
Invest in growth (next core businesses)
(Including alliances)
profitability (core businesses)
We will build the earnings foundation to support further Group growth in the Company’s core businesses.
In core businesses, we aim to boost profitability in hematology, hemostasis and urinalysis— in which we are highly competitive—and in the immunochemistry field, where growth is expected to accelerate.
We are creating technologies for testing that will satisfy unmet medical needs and investing in next core businesses that will drive further growth.
A Leading Company in the Asian in Vitro Diagnostics (IVD) Market
We will leverage our geographic advantage to build a solid position in the Asian market in immunochemistry
¥249.8 billion
and other growth fields, as well as hematology.
Others
A Unique and Competitive Player in the Immunochemistry Field
Urinalysis Hemostasis
We will harness unique strengths that other companies cannot emulate and drive Group growth over the medium term.
Hemostasis
Immunochemistry
Core businesses
A Leading Global Player Making a Contribution to Personalized Medicine
P25
P27
By augmenting value in testing (diagnostics) based on leading-edge technologies, we will accelerate Group growth and establish our global position.
3
Promote reforms
Hematology
An Attractive Company Providing Value and Confidence
We will enhance manufacturing speed and quality, reinforce our IT foundation, strengthen human resource cultivation and management, and invest in other reforms.
We aim to become a highly attractive company to diverse stakeholders that offers value and reassurance.
Human resource cultivation and management
One Sysmex Carrying Out High-Speed Management
P30
Through optimal teamwork throughout the Group, we aim to be a corporate entity that conducts highly efficient and swift management.
2017.3
2020.3 (target)
Group Corporate Philosophy
Sysmex has formulated a mid-term management plan concluding in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020. We are working to reinforce profitability in core businesses, which are central to our current operations. In addition,
we are investing aggressively in areas positioned as our next core businesses, which will drive Sysmex in the future. Furthermore, we are promoting reforms to ensure sustainable growth from 2020 onward.
(2020)
¥72.0 billion
or more
Mid-Term Management Plan
¥55.0 billion
  Sales by Business
Targets for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2020
Net sales ¥350.0 billion
Operating profit
ROE Operating cash flow
Free cash flow ¥30.0 billion
Hematology
Urinalysis
Flow cytometry (FCM) Life science Other new fields
Next core Immunochemistry
Manufacturing
IT foundation
20%
Assumed exchange rate: 1USD=¥110.0, 1EUR=¥115.0, 1CNY=¥16.0
businesses

                                     25
26
To Our Stakeholders
Sysmex Report 2017
1 Reinforcing Profitability to Achieve Further Growth (Core Businesses)
New Mid-Term Management Plan
Hematology Field
Hemostasis Field
Sysmex earned the No. 1 share of the global market in the hematology field in 2007 by developing high-quality prod- ucts and offering high levels of productivity, particularly for IT and system products. We continued to increase our market share even further through sales of the XN Series, our flagship model, and by providing services and support that achieved high levels of customer satisfaction. Going forward, we intend to further improve laboratory work- flows through the space-saving new XN Series (launched
in June 2017) in emerging markets and other areas where market growth is anticipated. In response to rising de- mand, we are transitioning to local reagent production and reinforcing our ability to provide a stable supply of reagents.
Based on our global alliance with Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, we have achieved the No. 1 share of the global market by taking advantage of each other’s strengths. In the future, we plan to accelerate business in this field by introducing fibrin reagents used in testing for clotting abnormalities and thrombosis, thereby increas- ing profitability.
  Sales
  Strengthen Profitability in the Hematology Field
High-quality products
2017.3
2020.3
Service and support that realize high customer satisfaction levels
Undisputed No. 1 in
the United States and other developed countries
Stable supply of reagents
Realization of high growth in emerging markets
Urinalysis Field
Sysmex obtained the No. 1 share of the global market
in the sediment urinalysis field through sales of the UF Series, which was the first in the world to utilize flow cytometry* in this field. To augment our presence fur- ther, in January 2016 we entered a business alliance with EIKEN CHEMICAL CO., LTD., to expand our portfolio of urine chemistry analyzers and realize increased efficiency through integrated operations in the urinalysis field including chemistry, sediment and imaging instruments.
  Sales
Although it is taking time to acquire regulatory
2017.3
2020.3
approval, to date we have put a system in place for sales
Reagents
promotion. Going forward, we will we aim to take the No.
1 share of the market for the entire urinalysis field, includ-
  Expanding Business and Improving Profitability in the Immunochemistry Field Japan, China and Asia Regions
ing urine chemistry and sedimentation. We are strength-
ening our activities in this area, including improving the
urinalysis work flow to achieve high levels of productivity.
Increasing reagent parameters
* Flow cytometry: Method involving the flow dispersion of minute par- ticles and the use of laser light to optically analyze the minute flows. Used primarily to observe individual cells
analyzer of formed elements in urine
Increase in the number of instruments in routine operation
+
Expand business in the hepatic disease domain
+
Reduce cost of sales
  Sales
U-WAMTM work area information management system
UD-10TM imaging unit for formed elements in urine
UF-5000TM
UC-3500TM urine chemistry analyzer (For overseas sale only)
     
Augment general-purpose parameters
Validation
Sediment urinalysis
Urine chemistry
Increase unique parameters
¥159.4 billion
¥201.0 billion
XN-9100TM
In the immunochemistry field, which represents the larg- est IVD market, we are focusing our activities on Asia. Our approach here is to expand our business by concentrat- ing on measurement parameters that Sysmex is uniquely able to offer. In the past few years, we have seen a steady increase in the number of instruments in operation, thanks to the strength of our sales promotions for the
HISCL Series, mainly in Japan and China. By accelerating market introductions in other Asian countries, we aim to boost the number of instruments in operation further. By also expanding our reagent portfolio (particularly in the hepatic disease domain), we will achieve higher sales and improve profitability.
¥16.1 billion
¥28.0 billion
  Sales
2017.3
2020.3
¥24.0 billion
+¥41.6 billion
+¥11.9 billion
HISCLTM-5000
CS-5100TM
CS-2500TM/CS-2400TM
CS-1600TM
Immunochemistry Field
¥40.9 billion
¥53.0 billion
2017.3
2020.3
¥8.0 billion
+¥16.0 billion
+¥12.1 billion

                                   27
28
To Our Stakeholders
Sysmex Report 2017
2
New Mid-Term Management Plan
Reforming Our Business Portfolio
The Challenge of Commercialization
Investing in Growth to Reform Our Business Portfolio
Interview with the Executive in Charge of Next Core Businesses
To expand the next core businesses that will serve as the engines of future growth, Sysmex is working to augment the life science business, construct platforms for the FCM business and pursue commercialization in other new fields of business.
  Sales
(Next core businesses)
To continue growing over the medium to long term, we have positioned next core businesses as new business domains in which we will leverage our unique technolo- gies, and aim to reform our future business portfolio.
Creating and commercializing technologies is no easy process. However, because Sysmex is Japan’s leading company in the IVD field, we receive numerous offers for cooperation from research institutions, universities and other companies. This assistance is a major driver that pro- pels our R&D forward. Sysmex already provides sales and service in more than 190 countries, and we have built up
Cooperation
Cooperation Cooperation
Cooperation
Contributing to Society
To succeed in our next core businesses, it is important to adopt a perspective that asks how we can provide value to society. For instance, our current focus is on liquid biopsy, which is a tool for contributing to the realization of personalized medicine. Once this is realized, it will become possible to select optimal treatment regimens for individual patients, which has the benefit of providing effective treatment. Improving treatment will link to the curtailment of healthcare costs, which means making an extremely large contribution to society.
Customers
Customers
The challenge that we have taken on, of trying to address society’s issues, is never-ending. However, this means more than creating technologies. We must steadily commercialize these individual technologies in order to bring new testing into the world.
To maintain high levels of motivation, it is important to provide an environment that encourages employees to think for themselves and allows them the freedom to go about their business. I think it is also important to rec- ognize how we are helping patients and contributing to society by commercializing and bringing to the world the technologies we are promoting.
 Lab Assay (Contracted Sample Analysis) Business State-of-the-art gene analysis requires the use of labora- tories with special equipment and specialized staff. Our
lab assay service provides these to customers. In 2013, we converted Inostics into a subsidiary. This company possesses BEAMing technology for detecting minute quantities of genes circulating in the blood. In 2016, RIKEN GENESIS became a subsidiary, which has genome analysis technology that uses next-generation sequencers. These two companies are undertaking leading-edge gene testing for medical and research institutions. We are also leveraging synergies with these two companies to develop new gene testing for the early detection of cancer, recurrence monitoring and moni- toring the effectiveness of anti-cancer agents.
  Reducing Physical and Economic Burdens with Liquid Biopsy Conventionally: Tissue Analysis (Biopsy)
Blood Analysis (Liquid Biopsy)
 Cytogenic Testing Business
In 2017, we acquired Oxford Gene Technology (OGT). This company conducts business in the area of cytogenic testing, which involves testing cells for chromosomal and genetic abnormalities. We plan to develop a new business by com- bining OGT’s technologies with Sysmex’s Flow FISH tech- nology and other automated instruments.
Direct analysis of
the affected specimen
Analysis of disease-derived components in the blood and bodily fluids
Genes Proteins Cells
Thinking of the lives we help through new testing motivates me.
¥6.3 billion
+¥ 18.7 billion
Kaoru Asano
Life Science Business
Member of the Managing Board and Senior Executive Officer
Senior Managing Director
R&D Strategic Planning, Next-Core Business
Sysmex Group
a global network for obtaining regulatory approval. These factors are extremely important strengths in accelerating the global rollout of products we have commercialized.
The life science business is a key next core business, in which we will engage mainly in gene testing. Gene testing involves testing to diagnose gene-related diseases and drug compatibility. Based on these business characteris- tics, Sysmex will develop the following three businesses.
 IVD (Reagent) Business
In the gene analysis we provide as a lab assay service, ultimately we hope to offer IVD reagents that will allow any medical institution to perform such measurements them- selves. Sysmex’s system for the rapid detection of breast cancer lymph node metastasis, which uses the OSNATM method that we developed, is already being conducted by many medical institutions through the use of IVD reagents. In this manner, we are moving forward with the develop- ment of IVD reagents that can perform the activities cur- rently being done in laboratories, and we aim to provide these reagents to medical institutions around the world.
The Power to Surmount Issues
The power to resolve issues is a strong source of motiva- tion and passion for our employees, without which it would be impossible to achieve our goals.
RIKEN GENESIS
Sysmex Inostics
Oxford Gene Technology
Lab Assay Business
IVD Business Customers
Cytogenic Testing Business Customers
Sysmex
2017.3
2020.3
¥25.0 billion

                         29
30
To Our Stakeholders
Sysmex Report 2017
FCM Business
 Glucose Patch Test
We are developing a test (glucose patch test) that enables the status of postprandial hyperglycemia to be measured without blood sampling. The test is aimed at the early de- tection of diabetes, a typical lifestyle disease. We are work- ing toward the commercialization of this test, which enables the relatively simple determination of postprandial hyper- glycemia and can help improve lifestyle habits (eating).
  Result of Introduction
FCM is a technology for flowing minute particles along channels and optically analyzing the individual particles as they flow through them. These basic principles are used in Sysmex’s hematology and urinalysis analyzers.
Flow Cytometry (FCM) Field
Reduces burden on patient
This FCM technology can be used for clinical FCM (clinical testing to perform detailed analysis in diagnosing leukemia and malignant lymphoma), industry FCM (used in the quality control of food and beverages) and research FCM (analyzing the function of cultured cells and other research applications).
Clinical FCM
Research and Industry FCM
Postprandial hyperglycemia monitoring without blood sampling
Lowers number of hours worked by healthcare professionals
In these fields, we are combining our own technolo- gies with the FCM technologies possessed by Partec, which we converted to a subsidiary in 2013. As a result, we expect to generate new value in the FCM field.
Usual tests
Eating
Sample measurement
Risk determination Lifestyle guidance
Improved lifestyle habits
Other New Fields
3
 Ultrahigh-Sensitivity HISCLTM
Promoting Reforms to Lead Growth
Based on Sysmex’s HISCLTM immunochemistry analyzer,
using the immune complex transfer method* has enabled
Manufacturing
IT Foundation
us to detect minute quantities of proteins circulating in
Going forward, we will enhance manufacturing speed and quality, which will support further growth. For example, during the period of our current mid-term management plan we will increase our ability to develop and produce bio-diagnostic reagents, which should lead to growth in the immunochemistry business. Furthermore, as we take seriously our responsibility to provide products and servic- es to customers, we intend to strengthen our systems for maintaining customer trust by providing a stable supply of high-quality products.
To optimize business processes, we will continue investing to strengthen our IT foundation. For example, we will use IT to boost productivity by optimizing our supply chain and engineering chain processes.
the blood—something that was not previously possible.
Going forward, we plan to commercialize this system for
application in a host of diseases, such as using blood test-
ing (liquid biopsy) for Alzheimer’s dementia.
* Immune complex transfer method: A technology for using nonspecific adsorption to greatly reduce background noise
Human Resource Management
 Cervical Cancer Screening System
We developed the LC-1000TM exfoliative cell analyzer to increase the efficiency of cervical cancer screening and other cytological examinations. Using this instrument to test for abnormalities in a cell’s nucleic DNA volume and in cell morphology makes it possible to detect abnormal cells through cytology. The method currently mainstream in cervical cancer requires using a microscope to test cells taken from the cervix. Using our instrument in combina- tion allows for more efficient testing.
As one aspect of these efforts, in 2017 we expanded our US reagent factory to 1.8 times its former capacity, enhancing our ability to provide a stable supply of reagents in the Americas.
To create an organization that makes use of diverse specialized human resources, we are conducting diversity training targeting people at manager level and above.
Clinical testing (testing for leukemia, malignant lymphoma, HIV, etc.)
  Research FCM
(Analysis of cell function, etc.)
  Industry FCM
(Quality control of food and beverages, etc.)
  Minimally Invasive Postprandial Glycemia Measurement Service Healthcare institution (health checkups, health check centers)
Ultrahigh-sensitivity HISCLTM
Sysmex considers people an important management resource necessary for sustainable growth, and we invest in our human resources accordingly. In particular, we are stepping up our recruitment and cultivation of human resources who are next-generation leaders that will drive Group growth and highly specialized personnel.
LC-1000TM exfoliative cell analyzer
New Mid-Term Management Plan
US reagent factory
Management training

                     Network for Delivering Products in More than 190 Countries
             31
32
Business Activities
We are creating frameworks to generate and provide value in response to diverse market needs.
Reagents
Software
R&D
Procurement, Manufacturing and Logistics
Sales
Services and Support
Technological Capabilities for
the Internal Development of Instruments, Reagents and Software
Instruments
Sales Structure Tailored to Regional Characteristics Direct Sales, Indirect Sales
Service Structure to Support Environments That Enable Testing with Peace of Mind
Instruments
Solution Proposals
Quality Control Failure Prediction Training
Three Technology Platforms
Genes Cells Proteins
Reagents
Global R&D Structure +
Open Innovation
Workflow Improvement Proposals
Framework for Generating Value
Customers (Hospitals, Commercial Labs, Research Institutions, etc.)
Sysmex creates its own global systems, ranging from R&D to manufacturing, sales, and services and support. Through these systems, we ascertain customers’ issues and needs, which we quickly incorporate into our R&D. In addition to high-quality instruments, reagents and software that reflect these issues and needs, we provide high-value-added system products and online support. These efforts have earned us a strong reputation with customers around the world.
Customer Input
Customer Input
P33
P35
P37
P37
High-Quality Instrument Manufacturing System (Made in Japan)
Services Using IT
Manufacturing That Uses IT
Global Reagent Production Structure
Scientific Support to Expand Clinical Value
Production at Nine Factories in Seven Countries
Contributing to Increases in Healthcare Quality
Sales
Support
Provision of Scientific Information
Sysmex Report 2017

                     33
34
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Research and Development
Sysmex leverages its proprietary technologies to resolve the healthcare issues society faces and contribute to the realization of a healthy society.
R&D Vision and Directions
Diverse Human Resources and a Global System
Three Technology Platforms
important theme. Genes, proteins and cells in blood and bodily fluids contain information about affected parts of the body. In recent years, highly sensitive analysis has made it possible to perform tests and obtain results equiv- alent to the information available from resecting tissue from the affected parts of a patient’s body. Liquid biopsy is gaining attention for its potential in reducing the physical, mental and economic burden on patients, as well as for its benefits in allowing for repeated testing (monitoring).
Based on the “Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy of the Sysmex Group, our R&D aims to contribute to society through the generation of new diagnostic technologies.
Sysmex’s R&D divisions include human resources with diverse specializations, such as mechanical engineering, information science, electronic engineering, chemistry, applied physics, biology and other areas. We utilize their strengths to create the products needed for diagnosis, spanning instruments, reagents and software.
Sysmex’s efforts to improve IVD test quality at the micro- scopic level and combine a wide range of technologies have led to the establishment of technologies for particle measurement, fluid control and detection.
We are currently undertaking R&D on a variety of themes: extending healthy lifespans by taking on the chal- lenges of unmet medical needs, realizing optimal treat- ment and curtailing healthcare costs through personalized medicine, and contributing to emerging markets and developing countries through the development of meth- ods for the early diagnosis of infectious diseases.
Centered on Technopark, our R&D hub, we are creat- ing a global structure for generating new value. The struc- ture comprises R&D centers in Europe and the United States and collaborations with such subsidiaries as RIKEN GENESIS and Sysmex Inostics.
We currently have highly sensitive next-generation technology platforms for measuring genes, cells and proteins. As we work toward the realization of personal- ized medicine, in addition to our own technologies we have been redoubling efforts to expand our technologies through proactive M&A and alliance activities. As one as- pect of these efforts, in 2013 we converted German com- panies Inostics GmbH and Partec GmbH to our subsidiar- ies. In 2016, we converted RIKEN GENESIS to a subsidiary, followed by Oxford Gene Technology in 2017.
Of Sysmex’s technology platforms, in the gene plat- form we are concentrating on the realization of genomic medicine1. In the protein platform, we are working on Alzheimer’s testing and other protein detection using ultrahigh-sensitivity HISCLTM. In the cell platform, we are working to automate FISH testing2 using imaging FCM technology and developing technology for the detection of circulating tumor cells (CTCs).
As a company that has grown on the basis of its technological prowess, we recognize R&D as a source of growth and, accordingly, invest proactively in this area. Our R&D expenses totaled ¥15.5 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
In addition to expanding our own technology plat- forms, we are pursuing open innovation, collaborating with domestic and overseas research institutions, universi- ties and medical institutions. Through these activities, we acquire new candidates for diagnostic parameters and strive to quickly complete advanced and highly valuable diagnostic techniques and reagents.
  R&D Expenses/R&D Expenses to Net Sales R&D expenses
  Human Resources with Diverse Specialties
9.2
9.7
R&D Personnel
Technologies gaining traction in personalized medicine (high sensitivity)
8.3
9.6
9.9 8.8
Software
R&D expenses to net sales
Mechanics Intellectual property
Liquids
Optics Electrics
10.7
Research and planning
Specializations among
OncoBEAMTM, PSS
MI (molecular imaging)-FCM
Digital HISCLTM
11.2
12.3 11.9
12.1
Breakdown of
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
Genes
Cells
Proteins
8.3
7.2
6.2 (%)
(Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017)
3 Clinical PCR
Clinical FCM
Ultrahigh-sensitivity HISCLTM
14.6 13.2
R&D support
6.6
6.1
15.4
15.5(¥ billion)
  Sysmex’s Technology Platforms
Biochemistry
Existing technologies
OSNATM
FCM4
HISCLTM (chemiluminescence)
Future Initiatives
1 Genomic medicine: The study of individuals’ genome information and the provision of more efficient and effective disease diagnosis, treat- ment and prognoses based on these results
Sysmex is pursuing R&D toward the realization of liquid biopsy for personalized medicine, which it considers an
2 FISH testing: Testing method that uses fluorescent material binding only specific genes to detect target genes within a chromosome
3 PCR: A gene amplification technology for multiplying small quantities of DNA into large amounts
4 FCM: Method involving the flow dispersion of minute particles and the use of laser light to optically analyze the minute flows. Used primarily to observe
individual cells

                       35
36
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Procurement, Manufacturing and Logistics
We have created an instrument manufacturing system that pursues high levels of quality and a global reagent production system, enabling us to supply products in more than 190 countries.
Realizing High Quality through a Proprietary, Made-in-Japan Instrument Manufacturing System
Another factor underpinning the high quality of our products is the quality of our suppliers. We procure mate- rials and parts from Japanese suppliers who boast some of the industry’s best technological capabilities.
are used. Sysmex has two reagent factories in Japan and seven in six other countries. This arrangement enables us to provide a stable supply to meet demand from custom- ers in locations around the world. Developing this global network of reagent factories has enabled us to reduce distribution costs and delivery lead times.
Optimizing Supply Chain Processes to Realize a Stable Supply of Products
Extremely high quality is required of the high-perfor- mance, precision testing instruments Sysmex delivers,
and mechanical automation is difficult for many aspects
of their manufacture. At the same time, we must manufac- ture instruments efficiently in order to be cost-competi- tive globally.
As manufactured products pass through this system, they are subjected to our quality control systems, which comply with different countries’ legal requirements, as well as an environmental protection system.
To meet an increase in global demand for reagents, Sysmex has been further expanding its production system. We are expanding the production area of our reagent fac- tory in the United States to meet growing demand there; in July 2017 we increased production capacity to 1.8 times the factory’s former level.
We are putting in place a framework to accurately ascer- tain demand conditions and always be ready to provide a stable supply of instruments swiftly in response to global demand fluctuations.
To manufacture excellent products both accurately and efficiently, we employ information technology (IT), using an assembly process in which people are supported by technology.
Through this distinctive “made in Japan*” system we have created, Sysmex delivers high-quality, high-value- added products around the world.
* Only Sysmex Partec’s instruments are manufactured in Germany.
For reagents, we are dispersing risk by diversifying our sources of supply for principal ingredients. We are also transferring production to local factories, thereby address- ing supply stability from various angles.
For example, we use a system that provides 3D video instructions for manual processes, which has proven high- ly effective in boosting quality and productivity. We use Smart Pro, our proprietary manufacturing support system, to centralize information, manage progress on processes and perform quality control.
A Reagent Production System That Delivers a Stable Supply Globally
In line with our growth strategy, we are moving for- ward with the construction of a bio-diagnostic reagent development base in Japan. Through this location, we aim to accelerate reagent development and production and enhance quality in the interest of future growth.
By ensuring a stable supply of products, we are working to meet our corporate social responsibilities and further increase the trust invested in us by customers around the world.
Instrument Manufacturing
Reagent Production
Japan (Ono)
Made-in-Japan quality
Brand power, reliability
Efficient manufacturing that fuses people and technology
Produced at nine factories in seven countries Stable supply
Reduced shipping costs and lead times
Germany
Japan (Seishin)
Manufacturing that utilizes ICT
A production system that realizes stable supply
Instrument factories Reagent factories
×
India
Japan (i-Square)
While we concentrate instrument manufacturing in Japan, the reagents that are required for testing are consumed each time a test is conducted, so we have situated our reagent factories near the markets in which the reagents
  Global Supply System
Instruments Manufactured in Japan for Delivery around the World
Building a Global Production Structure for Reagents
China (Jinan) China (Wuxi)
United States
Singapore
Brazil

                                                            37
38
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Sales and Support Services
We are putting structures in place to deliver high-quality products, service and support to customers around the world.
Developing a Sales Structure around the World Tailored to Regional Characteristics
In developing countries, in addition to conducting sales and providing services via distributors, we deliver products through global funds and engage in other activi- ties aimed at boosting local levels of healthcare.
By fully leveraging our diverse product lineup, services, experience and expertise, we offer flexible proposals tailored to laboratory requirements. Providing added value in these ways has enabled our sales approaches to gain traction throughout the world.
control on customer instruments in real time, automati- cally monitoring their operational status and supporting operational safety. This system uses IT to enable Sysmex staff to check the status of customer instruments remote- ly and perform failure prediction.
In 1972, shortly after the Company’s founding, Sysmex opened its first overseas location, in Germany. We have developed our operations globally since that time, expand- ing our sales network to the point where we now cover more than 190 countries.
Delivering Products and Added Value to Customers
Service and Support Activities
That Support High Levels of Satisfaction with Sysmex Products
To ensure the provision of high-quality services, we are stepping up our training of service engineers and distributors and striving to improve service levels.
We provide direct sales, service and support in coun- tries and regions that account for nearly 60% of our sales. Here, Sysmex employees have increasing opportunities to interact directly with customers to hear their needs and the issues they face.
In addition to an extensive sales network, our ability to deliver Sysmex products across a broad area stems from a diverse product lineup tailored to customer needs in hematology and other core businesses.
 Scientific Support That Accurately Demonstrates Product Quality
We also conduct indirect sales, service and support in some regions, working with alliance partners to overcome differences in business practices and other issues. In these regions, we hold conferences for distributors to enhance their understanding of Sysmex’s businesses and products.
Also, we go beyond simply selling products. To improve the operational effectiveness of our customers, we also offer testing work flow solutions, providing advice in such areas as the selection and placement of instruments and the operation of laboratories.
Sysmex products are involved in important decisions in medical settings, so reducing equipment downtime can help to increase customer satisfaction. Since the time of its founding, Sysmex has placed importance on instilling con- fidence in its customers through the provision of accurate test results. For this reason, we have focused on providing service and support, responding to instrument problems and answering customers’ questions and requests.
  Customer Assessment in the United States
Sysmex Earns Highest Customer Satisfaction Rating for the Past 11 Years for “Overall Service Performance”
For instance, our Customer Support Center is avail- able to respond swiftly to telephone inquiries. We have also created a network service called SNCSTM (Sysmex Network Communication Systems) to provide quality
5.6
9.5 9.0 8.5 8.0 7.5 7.0 6.5 6.0
9.29
5.4
8.8
5.2
  SNCSTM Network Service Customer Support Centers
5.0
  Quality Control Measurement Data   Activity Log Data
4.8
Customers
(Hospitals, Commercial Laboratories)
4.6
4.4
4.2
(Network services)
Sysmex
Industry Avg.
Source: IMV ServiceTrakTM 2017 Hematology
2007
2008 Competitor 1
2009 Competitor 2
2010 Competitor 3
2012 Competitor 4
2013
2014 2015 2016 2017
Scale of 1 to 6 from 2007 to 2012 Scale of 1 to 10 from 2013 to 2017
  Online Quality Control   Failure Prediction   Web Information Services, etc.
2011
 Through an Extensive Service Structure, Providing a Testing Environment That Instills Confidence
We also concentrate on scientific activities to enable customers to accurately utilize the clinical value Sysmex’s products offer. For example, we provide training to cus- tomers who have purchased our products, teaching them how to use our instruments accurately and carefully communicate scientific information. We also explain to physicians how to use Sysmex’s unique measurement parameters in clinical settings. These scientific support activities help customers make the most of our product capabilities. By holding scientific seminars in emerging markets and other locations, we help raise the level of knowledge among healthcare professionals and contribute to increases in the quality of healthcare.

 39
40
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Overview of Business by Geographic Region
Since opening our first overseas location in the 1970s, we have expanded our business by tailoring operations to regional characteristics.
Sysmex opened its first overseas location, in Germany, in 1972. In 1991, we began offering direct sales, service and support overseas for the first time, in the United Kingdom, and we have developed our opera- tions globally since then.
  Net Sales by Geographic Region (¥ billion)
We currently have upwards of 60 Group companies in more than 40 countries, through which we pro- vide high-quality products and stable service and support, tailored to regional characteristics, to customers in more than 190 countries. As a result, our overseas sales ratio for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, was 82.6%.
Japanese GAAP
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 ’20.3
  Net Sales by Destination
* To ensure high quality, Sysmex manufactures instruments in Japan and exports them to Group companies overseas. In the graph showing sales by geographic region, figures for Japan do not include internal sales of instruments and other products.
Overseas sales ratio
(¥39.2 billion)
35.4% EMEA1: 5.7 25.9%
Overseas sales ratio
Japanese GAAP
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 ’20.3
67.5%
82.6%
(¥ billion)
1 EMEA: Europe, the Middle East and Africa
Total 15.0
15.1 15.7 18.2
19.2 21.8 32.8 44.4 60.7
2 Asia Pacific
Note: Intragroup transaction prices on instruments and other products produced in Japan are revised as necessary. These revisions affect operating profit by geographic region but do not influence total operating profit.
(¥20.9 billion)
18.9%
Americas: 12.5
24.1% (¥60.1 billion)
  Operating Profit by Geographic Region (¥ billion)
(¥8.1 billion) (¥6.4 billion)
7.3% 5.9%
China: 25.0
Americas EMEA China AP Japan* Reconciliation
(target) 3.2 5.7
(¥35.9 billion)
32.5%
Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2008
Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017
0
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 ’20.3 (Mid-term
Japan:
2.1
17.4% (¥43.4 billion)
Note: Net sales by destination is defined as the sales amount recorded by Group companies to customers in a particular region. However, net sales by geographical region refers to the sales amount made by a Group company in a particular location.
0
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 ’20.3 (Mid-term
CAGR (%)
AP2: 14.2
24.1% (¥60.3 billion) 8.5% (¥21.2 billion)
0.9 1.7 2.7 3.2 4.6 5.1 5.3 4.5 0.8 1.3 2.7 2.4 0.5 0.6 0.8 0.7 7.8 4.6 2.9 6.8 0.1 1.5 1.0 0.5
2.8 5.3 2.3 0.3 8.6
2.1 2.4 5.7 8.6 2.3 4.1 1.0 1.3
2.4 1.9 5.1 4.3 6.8 5.8 1.2 2.3
4.9 7.3 3.5 8.6 1.8 3.5
(¥64.6 billion)
IFRS
350
Americas EMEA
China
AP Japan
300
IFRS
250
(target) 56.5 80.9
200
39.1
64.9 86.5 60.3 89.8 21.1 31.1 46.9 61.7
150
8.1
100
80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10
Americas EMEA
China
AP Japan
50
Total 110.7
221.3 252.6
249.8 350.0
Japanese GAAP IFRS
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
plan target)
plan target)
Americas EMEA China AP Japan*
20.8
23.3 23.4 35.3 36.4 10.1 11.8
25.4 26.8 35.2 37.0 15.0 19.2
29.7 38.5 39.4 53.1 24.4 36.2
47.0 55.9 63.2 68.4 49.8 65.1 17.8 20.0 43.3 43.0
5.0
5.3 5.8 37.5 38.5 111.8 116.1
7.1 7.8 41.7 43.6 124.6 134.7
9.0 14.7 42.9 41.7 145.5 184.5
37.5
11.9 20.1
(0.4) (1.5) (3.9) (2.3) 2.5
35.6 46.7 2.3 0.2 51.7 72.0
31.1 43.6
(¥ billion)

                        41
42
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Overview of Business by Geographic Region
Activities in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017
 Sales rose by double digits on a local currency basis, thanks to expansion of the hematology field in the United States. Due to the impact of yen appreciation, however, sales were up only slightly on a yen basis.
  Sales
20.8 23.3 23.4
25.4 26.8 29.7
the hematology field stemming from a strategic focus on the West Coast area and the acquisition of a project from a promi- nent commercial lab.
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 ’20.3 (Target)
47.0 38.5
 Status by Principal Area
• In the United States, sales increased due to favorable results in
Sales by Business*
Sales by Area
Direct and Indirect Sales
Japanese GAAP IFRS
 Sophisticated Activity Called for in North American Market The North American market comprises the advanced markets of the United States and Canada; these markets are highly regulated. Healthcare institutions are spread across a vast area, and this market calls for products that provide high levels of productivity and efficiency and capable of delivering clinical value to the end users. Furthermore, the market requires swift and high-quality response, so sophisticated and innovative sales and support services are essential.
Locations
 Regional Management Structure
We have in place robust sales, marketing, and service and support structures centered on a regional headquarters. These and highly specialized quality assurance and regulatory affairs departments are Sysmex’s strengths.
 Coverage Across the Vast North American Market
To respond effectively and promptly across this wide sales area, our services provide virtual instructor-led training, which is revolutionizing the way we provide training to our custom- ers. We also support our customers by providing scientific and clinical seminars. We enjoy high levels of customer satisfaction as a result.
 A Sales and Service Network to Support Business in
 Achieving the Group’s Long-Term Management Plan
To meet the targets of our long-term management plan, we aim to obtain a No. 1 position in markets we are entering, leveraging innovation and outstanding customer service in the Americas.
 Aiming to Be No. 1 in Markets We Are Entering
We will reinforce our sales promotion in hematology targeting the hospital and laboratory market. In addition, we will enhance our absolute No. 1 position by entering the market for private medical practitioners. We aim to obtain the No. 1 position in the urinalysis field by offering integrated chemistry and sedi- ment solutions. In the hemostasis field, we intend to achieve an absolute No. 1 position through our alliance with Siemens. We also plan to enter the market for clinical flow cytometry.
 Bolstering Our Presence in the Central and South
 High Potential in the Central and South American Market Different from the North American market, the Central and South American market centers on emerging markets and devel- oping countries. At around 600 million people, the population of this huge market is double that of North America. In many cases, customers in this market do not have sufficient budgets to pur- chase the same state-of-the-art technologies and products as in developed countries, so the market tends to center on the provi- sion of reasonably priced, high-quality products and services. As transport infrastructures are less developed, the market empha- sizes structures capable of providing products in a stable manner that offer high levels of reliability.
North America
Americas
We have acquired a high market share in the hematology field in North America. We aim to achieve further growth by establishing bases in Central and South America.
Ralph Taylor
CEO, Sysmex America, Inc.
55.9 56.5
4.9%
Hematology 90.9%
Canada 3.9%
80.9 (¥ billion)
Urinalysis
Others 1.1%
Central and South America
United States
Market Characteristics
Sysmex’s Strengths
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Strategies
 Operating profit grew, due to the impact of higher sales, a temporary halt in excise taxes, and a revision in intragroup transaction prices.
3.1% Hemostasis
10.5%
85.6%
Indirect Sales 23.4%
Direct Sales 76.6%
• Sales in Central and South America were down due to economic stagnation in Brazil, although benefiting from the acquisition of large-scale tenders in Mexico.
* Includes sales from Japan to IDEXX (for animals)
Central and South America
In the Central and South American market, we will augment our presence by establishing our own subsidiaries and enhanc- ing support for distributors, thereby strengthening our sales and service capabilities.
 Investing in the Human Resources Who Will Support
Central and South America
Among our strengths in Central and South America are a distributor network based on long-standing trust-based rela- tionships, plus an extensive support structure that provides individual distributors with services and support. We have established our own subsidiaries in key countries such as Brazil and Mexico, where our support structures are made up of highly specialized local staff.
American Market
 A Structure for Providing a Stable Supply of Reagents
To ensure a stable supply of reagents while holding down transportation costs and reducing lead times, we manufacture reagents locally at two factories in the United States and Brazil. This arrangement is a major strength for Sysmex.
We recognize that human resources are a vital management asset in the Americas, and we will proactively invest in them accordingly. We are identifying management candidates through human resource assessments, developing skills and building personnel-friendly working environments as initiatives to cultivate the human resources who will support Sysmex in its next generation.
Sysmex in Its Next Generation

                                 43
44
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Overview of Business by Geographic Region
Activities in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017

  Sales
On a local currency basis, sales rose due to expanded sales in France, Germany and other developed countries, as well as to increasing sales in Turkey, Russia and other emerging markets. However, sales were down on a yen basis, owing to the impact of yen appreciation.
Others 15.4%
39.1
35.3
36.4
35.2
37.0 39.4
• Sales grew in the five major countries* on increased sales in the urinalysis and hemostasis fields in France, spurred by the start of direct sales, despite the impact of Brexit.
8.5%
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 ’20.3 (Target)
63.2 53.1
68.4 64.9
 
Operating profit rose because of a revision in intragroup trans- action prices and efforts to constrain SG&A expenses.
14.6%
Japanese GAAP IFRS
* Five major countries: Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Italy
 A Diverse Region
The EMEA region represents a vast market covering more than 100 countries across Western, Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. One major characteristic of this wide area is diversity—in language, culture and climate. The region includes the developed countries of Europe as well as African and other developing countries; response to customers’ needs must be adjusted accordingly.
 Sophisticated Requirements from Markets in
Locations
 A Sales and Service Structure Encompassing a Diverse Region
 Expanding the Product Portfolio
In addition to the mainstay hematology market, we are step- ping up our market introduction of new urinalysis products. We are strengthening efforts in the hemostasis field through an alliance with Siemens, and we are working to reform our product portfolio through an enhanced focus on our next core businesses, the flow cytometry and life science businesses.
 Reinforcing the Regional Management Structure
We will speed up decision-making by augmenting our regional management structure, accelerating business development that is suited to individual areas. Sysmex Europe serves as our regional headquarters, and we will also establish and delegate authority to a number of sub-regional headquarters.
 Augmenting Human Resources and Enhancing Motivation As we consider augmenting human resource management and leadership skills as an important priority, we are developing
our training programs. We are building an attractive work- place through ongoing activities to promote awareness of the Sysmex Way and measures to enhance employee motivation.
Developed Countries
Eastern Europe, Russia
The region’s developed countries are working to curtail rising healthcare costs, so increasing the efficiency of testing is a key concern. At the same time, demand for high levels of clinical value is increasing, calling for the proposal of sophisticated solutions.  Emphasis on Both High Quality and Price
Five major countries
In emerging markets and developing countries, demand for high- end products is growing among healthcare institutions targeting the wealthy class. Meanwhile, many customers face budgetary constraints, and their needs center on products that offer high quality but are also inexpensive. English is not the primary lan- guage in many parts of the region, making it vital to offer services and support in many regional languages.
Middle East
EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa)
We operate in more than 100 countries in this region, including both developed countries and emerging mar- kets. We are building sales and support service struc- tures tailored to regional characteristics.
Juergen Schulze
President and CEO, Sysmex Europe GmbH
86.5(¥ billion)
Hematology 70.0%
Others
Five major countries
Market Characteristics
Sysmex’s Strengths
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Strategies
Status by Principal Area
Hemostasis 10.1%
Sales by Business*
Eastern Europe, Russia
Sales by Area
Direct and Indirect Sales
• Sales rose in Eastern Europe and Russia, as a growing installed instrument base pushed up reagent sales in the hematology and hemostasis fields in Russia.
Other parts of Europe
• In the Middle East and Africa, sales increased due to higher sales of reagents, owing to a higher installed instrument base in the hema- tology field in Iran and Saudi Arabia.
* Includes sales from Japan to IDEXX (for animals)
27.0%
Other parts of Europe
Sysmex’s first move toward direct sales overseas was in the United Kingdom, and since that time the Company has expand- ed its direct sales, service and support structures throughout the EMEA region. We also utilize distributors to conduct sales and provide services, tailoring our approach to business prac- tices in individual regions. As a result, today we have in place a structure that encompasses the entire EMEA region.
 A Training Structure That Enhances Customer Satisfaction We have a training structure that delivers excellent customer service. The Sysmex Academy is a training facility with seven locations across the EMEA region. In addition to customers and distributors, this institution provides training to enhance the skills of Sysmex employees.
 Provision of Solutions to the Customers’ Issues
Rather than simply selling products, we strive to propose solu- tions that address the issues customers face. We analyze the current status of laboratories to identify any issues, and then propose testing work flow improvements that address these issues, thereby optimizing testing.
Africa
Urinalysis 4.5%
5.6% Middle East, Africa
44.3%
Indirect Sales 32.2%
Direct Sales 67.8%

                          45
46
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Overview of Business by Geographic Region
Activities in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017
 On a local currency basis, sales were up due to higher reagent sales in each field, despite the impact of distributor inventory adjustments on sales of instruments. However, sales were down on a yen basis, due to the impact of yen appreciation.
  Sales
Immunochemistry 6.1%
Direct Sales (Hong Kong) 1.0%
8.1 10.1
11.8 15.0
growing demand for thrombosis testing.
• In the urinalysis field, sales were up slightly due to higher
19.2
24.4
sales of instruments.
• In the hemostasis field, reagent sales were favorable driven by
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 ’20.3 (Target)
reagent sales.
• In the immunochemistry field, sales of reagents grew due to an
Hemostasis 35.0%
49.8 36.2
 Status by Principal Field
• In the hematology field, reagent sales were up despite lackluster
Sales by Business
Direct and Indirect Sales
Japanese GAAP IFRS
increase in the operating instrument base.
 A Huge Market with a Population of Around 1.4 Billion People The healthcare market is expanding significantly in China, driven by rapid economic growth. The number of hospitals per person is lower than in Japan, and the creation of healthcare infrastructure is expected to continue increasing. Furthermore, the disparity in healthcare between metropolitan and rural areas is becoming a social issue, and the country is considering the introduction of a health insurance system.
  Comparison of the Japanese and Chinese Markets
 Robust Business Foundation
Focusing on the growing Chinese market, we have taken the lead over our competitors in setting up structures in the coun- try, such as establishing a reagent factory in Jinan in 1995.
We have built up a robust business foundation. Currently, we provide products and services throughout China via alliances with more than 200 sales distributors.
 Abundant Product Lineup
In our core businesses of hematology, urinalysis and hemosta- sis, we offer a broad-ranging lineup, from compact instruments to automated, high-end instruments. Furthermore, in 2015 we entered the immunochemistry market as part of our initiatives to expand our portfolio.
 Excellent Brand Strength
In addition to being trusted for product quality, we have been holding scientific seminars in China for more than 20 years. These proactive efforts have helped to raise the quality of test- ing and build an excellent brand image for the Company.
 Aiming to Be a Leading IVD Company
In addition to the hematology, hemostasis and urinalysis fields, we are building a robust position in the immunochemistry market, which is growing solidly.
Hematology, Hemostasis and Urinalysis Fields
• Our products enjoy a high level of competitiveness in the
 Rising Demand for High-End Products
In the IVD domain, rising demand is driving the need for higher levels of efficiency and automation, prompting a switch to high- performance products.
million people Approximately
million people
Meanwhile, efforts to curtail healthcare costs have emerged in recent years, against a backdrop of economic deceleration. For instance, the government has introduced a classification system aimed at raising the efficiency of healthcare services. Under this system, some patients with mild symptoms or chronic diseases that had previously received care at Level 3 hospitals are being relegated to Level 2 or lower hospitals in an effort to distribute healthcare resources. In addition to an increasing number of Level 2 and lower hospitals, their patient numbers are also grow- ing. As a result, we anticipate an increasing need for high-end products.
Number
of hospitals1
Immunochemistry Field
China
We have led other companies in developing a base of operations in this region. We will shore up our position as the leading company in the IVD domain.
Peng Zuo Hui
President and CEO, Sysmex Shanghai Ltd.
89.8(¥ billion) 65.1 60.3
Others 2.0%
Hematology 44.5%
Indirect Sales 99.0%
Market Characteristics
Sysmex’s Strengths
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Strategies
 The impact of yuan depreciation against the US dollar caused the price of (dollar-denominated) purchases from Japan to rise, prompting a worsening cost of sales ratio and a sharp fall in operating profit.
Urinalysis 12.4%
Population
1
Definition of “hospital” (Japan and China): Medical institution with 20 or more beds (in-patient facility)
Source: Survey of Medical Institution Dynamics, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (March 31, 2017)
2
3
Source: Statistics by the Ministry of Health, People’s Republic of China (March 31, 2017)
Japan:
Approximately 11 times
China:
Approximately 130
Approximately 1,400
Level 3 hospital market, and we will promote the introduction of products to meet needs in this market, as well as
new products.
8,4392
29,4153
This number is expected to grow.
• • •
We are reinforcing our distributor network to increase the number of HISCLTM instruments in routine operation.
We will reinforce our system for obtaining regulatory approval with the aim of increasing the number of reagent parameters. We will enhance our IT-based service and support to ascertain market needs and further increase customer satisfaction.
2.3 times
• To address the rapidly growing Level 2 hospital market, we are creating market-specific promotional and product sales schemes.

                                      47
48
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Overview of Business by Geographic Region
Activities in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017
 
  Sales
Sales were up due to increases in the hematology field and favorable performance in the hemostasis and immunochem- istry fields, despite the impact of yen appreciation.
Immunochemistry 1.3%
5.0 5.3
7.1
7.8 9.0 5.8
• In Southeast Asia, sales rose due to favorable performance in the hematology field in Vietnam and increased sales of instruments in the hematology and immunochemistry fields in Indonesia stem- ming from the introduction of national health insurance.
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 ’20.3 (Target)
• Looking at South Korea and Taiwan, sales decreased in South Korea, owing to the impact of yen appreciation (but rose on a local currency basis).
17.8 14.7

Status by Principal Area
Hemostasis 13.7%
Sales by Business
Sales by Area
Direct and Indirect Sales
Japanese GAAP IFRS
 Strong Potential due to Economic Growth
One third of the world’s population lives in the Asia Pacific region, which is characterized by the scale of its market and its strong potential. Population expansion and economic growth are driving increased demand for healthcare.
 Diverse Demand for Healthcare Instruments
Market demand varies by country. The Asia Pacific region in- cludes developed countries as well as developing markets, and individual countries’ economic levels significantly affect their investment in healthcare. In Indonesia and other emerging mar- kets, testing volume is increasing, thanks to the establishment of national health insurance systems and healthcare infrastructure development. Here, demand is increasing for relatively inexpen- sive products that are highly productive. In developing countries, meanwhile, the emphasis on cost overrides productivity. The issue in these markets is to raise the level of knowledge among healthcare professionals.
  Healthcare Expenditure by Population and GDP Healthcare
 A Sales, Service and Support Structure Closely Tailored to the Region
 Reinforcing Our No. 1 Position in Hematology
We will provide new clinical value by developing our XN Series. In addition to developed countries and emerging markets, we will propose customer-focused solutions in developing coun- tries, where basic testing is increasing, reinforcing our No. 1 position in hematology.
 Enhancing Our Portfolio
We will promote the market launch of products in the hemo- stasis, urinalysis, immunochemistry and clinical chemistry fields. We are making progress in applying for approvals of key parameters in the immunochemistry field, introducing HISCLTM and establishing a unique position in the market. Also, by providing further clinical value, we will reinforce our presence in urinalysis and other fields.
 Securing Highly Specialized Human Resources
To achieve our strategies, we are working to maintain highly specialized employees throughout the AP region. We strive to improve workplace environments, providing places where em- ployees can work pleasantly and become increasingly engaged. Such efforts have twice earned us awards in Singapore as the “Best Company to Work for in Asia.”
Asia Pacific
The Asia Pacific market has a population of around 2.4 billion people. Through scientific awareness activities centered on emerging markets, we are contributing toward increases in the quality of testing.
Frank Buescher
CEO, Sysmex Asia Pacific Pte Ltd.
31.1(¥ billion) 20.0 21.1
Operating profit fell as a result of the worsening cost of sales ratio, as instruments made up a greater proportion of the sales mix and due to the impact of yen appreciation on cur- rencies in the region.
Others 9.2%
Hematology 68.4%
Taiwan, South Korea, Mongolia
Southeast Asia
41.6% 56.0%
Direct Sales 44.0%
Market Characteristics
Sysmex’s Strengths
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Strategies
India Indonesia Philippines Thailand
Approximately 1,340 million people
4.7% 2.9% 4.7% 4.1%
Japan
Approximately 130 million people
10.2%
• In Oceania, sales increased substantially, thanks to the acquisition of a large-scale project in Australia in the hematology field.
Oceania 13.7%
South Asia 17.2%
Population1
Expenditure as
a Percentage of GDP2
We are promoting direct sales and services in many countries, so our employees are able to hear customers’ requests directly. This structure enables us to propose appropriate solutions. We also employ local distributors elsewhere, such as in developing countries. Sysmex is promoting sales throughout the AP region through this combination of direct and indirect sales, according to regional characteristics.
Approximately 260 million people
Approximately 100 million people
 Support for Advances in Healthcare Infrastructure Emerging markets and developing countries make up the majority of the AP region, and healthcare infrastructures are underdeveloped in many locations. Making use of scientific seminars and educational materials is a strategy Sysmex has pursued over many years, as we are working to enhance health- care knowledge across the region. We are also engaging in initiatives in many Asian countries to support quality control and enhance laboratory quality in other ways. Through these activities, we are helping to build up the region’s healthcare infrastructure, as well as reinforce the Sysmex brand.
Approximately 70 million people
1 Source: United Nations, World Population Prospects (2017) 2 Source: World Health Organization (2016)
Urinalysis 7.4%
27.5%
Indirect Sales

                             49
50
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Overview of Business by Geographic Region
Activities in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017
  
  Sales
In the Japan geographic region, sales were down due to the impact of yen appreciation on exports to Group affili- ates (overseas).
66.8 69.0 66.4
75.7
External Customers (IDEXX and Others)
82.7
88.1
Sales to
Immunochemistry 9.4%
Sales to External Customers (Japan)
103.8
•
In Japan, sales increased due to favorable reagent sales in
the hematology, urinalysis, immunochemistry and hemostasis fields, plus the impact of converting RIKEN GENESIS to
a subsidiary.
Sales of veterinary instruments to IDEXX were up.
Direct and Indirect Sales
’08.3 ’09.3 ’10.3 ’11.3 ’12.3 ’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 ’20.3 Customers (Target) (Japan)
17.0% *“Others”includesclinicallaboratoryinformationsystemsandotheritems.
Japanese GAAP IFRS
 An Environment Characterized by an Established Healthcare System
  Healthcare Costs in Japan
 Extensive Sales, Service and Support Structure
We have branches and sales offices throughout Japan, and a sales, service and support structure that is unmatched by our competitors. In each area, people in charge of sales, scientific support and services create value for customers, and we have a strong reputation for the extensive service and support we offer.  Sharing Customer Input with R&D and
 Establish an Overwhelming No. 1 Position in the IVD Market
Due to the national health insurance system, Japan has in
place an environment in which all citizens have access to equal healthcare. In addition, the market is characterized by patients having the freedom to choose the medical institution where they receive care.
 World’s Lowest Rate of Childbirth and Aging Population
54.0(¥ trillions) 46.9
By reinforcing our core businesses, we intend to further rein- force Sysmex’s position.
• Maintain the undisputed No. 1 position in the hematology
an Issue
Our R&D and manufacturing locations are nearby, facilitat- ing close communication. We have in place a system to share customer input and reflect this information in our business processes.
Against the backdrop of this healthcare system, Japanese life expectancy is among the world’s highest. However, because of the low birth rate Japan has a decreasing number of children and the population is aging, so curtailing healthcare costs is becom- ing an urgent issue. Under these circumstances, the national government has begun promoting the functional specialization of hospitals and regional healthcare alliances.
specialized for immunochemistry, hepatic disease and infec-
 Demand for Personalized Medicine
Given the rising cost of drugs and prevalence of advanced medi- cal care for cancer and other illnesses, demand is growing for personalized medicine that will enable the prediction of medical effects. In addition, requests for lower-impact surgeries are increasing, so the market for medical robots is expected to grow.
Reasons Healthcare Costs Are Increasing by ¥1 Trillion per Year
             (+ increase in high-priced drugs)
•
Propose new value to hospital management: Provide new value through hospital management consulting.
122.9
Sales by Principal Field
Sales by Business
Japan (including exports to overseas subsidiaries)
As a leading company in the IVD domain, we aim to boost overall laboratory sophistication and efficiency, and are working to create new testing parameters.
Iwane Matsui
Senior Executive Officer, Sysmex Corporation Deputy head of Global Marketing
144.0
140.9
199.7(¥ billion)
Intra-Area Transfers (Exports to Group Affiliates, Others)
Operating profit fell due to a revision in intragroup trans- action prices, one-off factors and the effect of yen appre- ciation on exports to Group affiliates (overseas).
Others* 26.6%
Hematology 41.7%
Direct Sales 100.0%
Sales to External
Urinalysis 5.3%
Hemostasis
Sales to External Customers (Japan)
Market Characteristics
Sysmex’s Strengths
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Strategies
28.5
Manufacturing Divisions
sedimentation market.
• Reinforce the sales promotion of hemostasis fibrin reagents.
• Increase reagent sales through activities adopting parameters
2000.3
2005.3
2010.3
2015.3
2021.3
2026.3
 Providing Added Value in Response to Needs in Medical Settings
 Create a New Business Model
We will provide new value through our next core business.
•
31.4
40.0 35.3
field.
• Increase our presence in the integrated urine chemistry and
(Forecast) (Forecast) Source: Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare “Changes in Medical Care
Through a combination of high-quality instruments, diverse reagents, software that enables integrated control of test infor- mation, and services and support, we propose total solutions tailored to diverse needs in healthcare settings. In addition to providing new value from a scientific perspective, we propose testing workflow improvements—a strength that contributes to increases in economic value for medical institutions.
• •
Contribute to personalized medicine: Establish our brand in the gene business and the clinical genome market.
Expand regional healthcare systems: Expand regional health- care by supporting integrated community care making use of ICT.
Expenditure” (Fiscal 2015) and “Future Projections of Social Security- Related Expenses” (Fiscal 2011)
  Increase in the number of patients with                          
Precision medicine Growing need for gene testing
tious disease.

                           Information Diversity and Function
   51
52
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
Principal Testing Fields and Products
Hematology Core Business
Hematology is a type of screening that counts red, white
Recent years have seen the entry into this business by manufacturers from emerging markets, as well as our con- ventional competitors in Europe and the United States. Sysmex is responding by providing an extensive product portfolio, offering unique clinical value and differentiat- ing itself from competitors with its support services. As
Urinalysis Core Business
Urinalysis can be broadly divided into two types: chem-
Immunochemistry Core Business Immunochemistry uses antigen–antibody reactions to
or other blood cells to determine whether a more detailed examination is necessary. In addition to instruments, these tests require specific reagents for ongoing use, such as for dilution and staining.
istry urinalysis and sediment urinalysis. The first type involves dipping a test paper into urine to determine the presence of sugar, protein or blood. In the second type, formed elements, including blood and other cells, are analyzed. We introduced the world’s first urine formed sediment analysis system—the UF Series—that uses flow cytometry (FCM)*. This series has the leading share of the global market. Furthermore, we have entered a business alliance with EIKEN CHEMICAL CO., LTD., to expand our portfolio of analyzers of urine chemistry, thereby respond- ing to diverse urinalysis testing needs.
test for the presence of HIV and the hepatitis virus, and to check for cancer. In addition to reagents to test for infectious disease and tumor markers, we are augmenting our lineup of proprietary reagents to test for liver fibrosis progression and atopic dermatitis. We are also work-
Sysmex offers three-part white blood cell differentia- tion models, used for determining basic parameters, as well as five-part white blood cell differentiation models. Numerous reagents are used with these models to deliver a high degree of clinical significance. We also offer a wide- ranging lineup of system products that can be used for rapid, high-volume testing in large-scale labs.
a result, in 2007 we acquired the top share of the global market in the hematology field, and our share has steadily risen since.
ing to develop our business in Asia, including Japan and China, through sales of the HISCLTM Series fully automated immunochemistry system, which performs highly sensi- tive, high-speed (17 minutes) assays on minute sample quantities.
(Five-part white blood cell differentiation instruments)
XN-Series
pocHTM-80i
XP-300TM
ars and proteins in the blood to determine the body’s nutritional status, liver and kidney functions, and test for conditions such as arteriosclerosis. Sysmex has entered alliances with JEOL Ltd. and Furuno Electric Co., Ltd., and is providing sales and support services for their automated clinical chemistry analyzers, leveraging our own network in China and other parts of Asia.
Efficiency and Handling Capability
Hemostasis Core Business
Hemostasis involves studying the functions of blood
and providing support services for hemostasis products. This combined business now accounts for the leading share of the global market in the hemostasis field.
coagulation (stopping bleeding), preventing blood from clotting too much within blood vessels, and fibrinolysis, which dissolves clots. Hemostasis testing is performed to diagnose hemorrhagic diseases (such as hemophilia) and thrombotic disease, help decide methods of treatment, for monitoring, and to help diagnose the risk of bleeding or blood clotting prior to surgery.
RD-100iTM
LINOAMP BCTM (reagent)
In 1995, Sysmex concluded a business alliance with Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. (previously, Dade Behring Inc.), forging a synergistic relationship in selling
Reagents
* FCM: Method involving the flow dispersion of rows of minute particles and the use of laser light to optically analyze these minute flows. Used primarily to observe individual cells
Using flow cytometry (FCM)*, we are developing the clini- cal FCM domain (providing detailed analysis of diagnoses of leukemia and malignant lymphoma), the industry FCM domain (used in quality control for food and other items) and the research FCM domain (R&D applications such as analyzing the function of cultured cells).
XN-L-Series
Reagents
XN-550TM
(Three-part white blood cell differentiation instruments)
Reagents
developed to rapidly test for lymph node metastasis. We also offer assay services such as CurebestTM 95GC Breast, a service for research use to determine expression levels of 95 cancer-related gene types, making use of BEAMing technology to detect to a high degree of sensitivity genes that are present in minute samples of blood.
XN-1000TM
Life Science Next Core Business
We provide systems that use the OSNATM method Sysmex
In the field of animal testing, we provide IDEXX Laboratories, Inc., with hematology analyzers for animals on an OEM basis.
CS-5100TM
XN-9100TM
Reagents
Clinical Chemistry Core Business
Clinical chemistry involves examining the enzymes, sug-
UD-10TM
UF-5000TM
UC-3500TM (For overseas sale only)
HISCLTM-5000
Reagents
FCM Next Core Business

              53
54
Business Activities
Sysmex Report 2017
User Report: HISCLTM-5000 Fully Automated Immunochemistry Analyzer
HISCL Introduction Helping to Raise Testing Quality and Lower Costs
Dr. Dong Haixin
I was most impressed by the words of the person in charge of sales, who said, “If you want to lower costs and increase quality, leave it to Sysmex.” And the laboratory center realized these results. The labora- tory center has a number of immunoassay systems from major global companies, but in an overall com- parison introducing the HISCL has been a major asset in terms of reducing costs and increasing quality.
Currently, we are very satisfied with Sysmex’s products and services. In addition to the products, in services and support we are extremely reassured by user-ori- ented remote network services, such as the SNCS.
Chief of Clinical Laboratory Center Affiliated Hospital of Jining Medical University
As a user of many of your products, our requests for Sysmex going forward would be that you continue to provide us with good testing products, bring numerous new immunochemistry test parameters into the market quickly, and continue working to increase the quality of testing and lower costs.
Q. 1 What is the background for introducing the HISCL?
productivity increases, and this clinched the decision to introduce the analyzer at our hospital.
For some time, our hospital’s laboratory center has been using Sysmex’s testing instruments and re- agents for hematology, hemostasis and urinalysis (sediment), and we are highly satisfied with Sysmex’s product quality and services. We had been using another company’s instruments for measuring immu- nochemistry tests, but in 2015 we decided to switch to an analyzer with infectious disease parameters, in order to increase the laboratory center’s operating efficiency and quality.
Q. 2 What were some of the benefits of introducing the HISCL?
Another memory comes to mind with regard to test results. One patient noted that “The results of HCV tests performed at another hospital with a dif- ferent instrument are different from the results I re- ceived from your hospital.” However, in the final test results at a government medical institution, our test results (those of the HISCL) turned out to be correct. Since that incident, Sysmex’s products have gained
Also, the HISCL platform involves Sysmex’s pro- prietary test parameters. We would like to collaborate with Sysmex by conducting clinical evaluations, in the aim of establishing unique test indicators that offer high clinical value even more accurately and quickly.
We first learned fully about the HISCL during
a HISCL product briefing in 2015. We were very attracted by the HISCL’s characteristics (high sen- sitivity, rapid measurement, wide range and minute samples), as these were strengths not being offered by others, as well as its high productivity. Thereafter, we received a proposal from Sysmex and its distribu- tors, learned about its history of use from key opinion leaders within China, and considered introducing the analyzer. In December 2015, we held a public ten- der. We received numerous bids from major global companies, but the HISCL ranked highest in terms of
Sysmex’s staff all seem to have friendly personali-
ties and be professional and enthusiastic about their work. Naturally, we first learned from Sysmex’s sales manager in the immunochemistry field about the HISCL, after which we evaluated and began to use the product. We were not simply choosing a single brand or a single product. Even more important than the product is the people. We give the people in charge of sales at Sysmex high marks for providing specialized services and acting as advisors, proposing optimal solutions based on their understanding of our laboratory center.
Affiliated Hospital of Jining Medical University
in one hour. The instruments provide appropriate test information swiftly and accurately for the eight pre- surgery immunochemistry parameters in quick tests conducted prior to surgeries, including emergency, endoscopic, closed and senile osteoporosis surgeries.
an even higher reputation for quality within the hos- pital. They are earning high marks with the laboratory center and top management of the hospital.
Located in the center of Jining, in Shandong Province, this is a Level 3 general hospital oper- ated under provincial jurisdiction. The hospital has healthcare, education, scientific research and preventive care functions. It is a large-scale facility, with 3,100 beds, conducting around 3 million outpatient examinations each year.
Q. 3 Would you describe a memorable episode related to the HISCL?
Q. 4 Do you have any requests for Sysmex?
The HISCL offers a much faster measurement time than other companies’ products, handling all parameters in 17 minutes. On average, each day our hospital measures some 2,500 infectious disease parameters. With four instruments, we can handle all of these in 3.5 hours. In addition, the instruments are highly sensitive and have a wide measurement range, which greatly reduces measurement errors, errone- ous judgments of gray zone samples and the need to remeasure high-value samples. This has resulted in fewer complaints from the clinic. These instruments have also substantially shortened the amount of time required for staff operations and patient medical examinations. Our hospital’s laboratory center has a quality policy of “accuracy, high efficiency, safety and service” in line with the ISO 15189 quality manage- ment system, and the HISCL is true to this policy. Furthermore, by introducing the HISCL we have been able to resolve the problem of how to report the results of urgent immunochemistry test parameters
Q. 5 What message would you like to leave for the person in charge of
sales at Sysmex?

                                      55
56
Enhancing Corporate Value
By putting into practice the “Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group, we are contributing to society and working to achieve sustainable increases in corporate value.
Sysmex Report 2017

                                       Most important Very important Important
Degree of importance for stakeholders
57
58
Enhancing Corporate Value
Sysmex Report 2017
CSR Management
In the aim of realizing a sustainable society, Sysmex is endeavoring to resolve the issues facing society through its business activities.
Sysmex’s Materiality Items Materiality
G4-Related Perspective
SDG Targets
Page Described
Identifying Materiality Items and Developing an Action Plan
In 2017, Sysmex has identified priority issues (mate- riality items) with a view to realizing a sustainable society and achieving sustainable growth for the Group. We are currently developing a specific action plan based on these identified materiality items and are taking actions accord- ingly. Please see Sysmex’s website for more detailed infor- mation on CSR activities.
Responsible provision of products and services
 Customer health and safety
 Product and service labeling
 Procurement practices
 Supplier environmental assessment
 Supplier assessment for labor practices  Supplier human rights assessment
Sysmex believes its CSR is to build trust and confidence among stakeholders by putting into practice the “Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group. We have set up various committees, headed by executives, to promote activities according to key CSR-related themes.
 Securing of product quality and safety  Appropriate disclosure of information
P61
  The Process of Identifying Materiality
 Provision of a comfortable working environment
Diversity and equal opportunity
Equal compensation for men and women
P63
STEP 1 Understand and Organize the Issuesd
We analyzed society’s requirements based on international guidelines, such as the GRI Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (G4)*, the United Nations Sustainability Development Goals (SDGs) and ISO 26000, as well as screening content from SRI and other assessment bodies. We compared these requirements against the current state of the Sysmex’s CSR activities, extracting and identifying related aspects.
 Development of human resources  Promotion of diversity
 
STEP 2 Prioritize
 Environmental consideration through the product lifecycle
P62
STEP 3 Confirm Suitability, Establish Materiality
The materiality items organized as a result of STEP 2 were approved at a management meeting chaired by the chairman and CEO.
 Governance
  Sysmex’s Materiality Matrix
  Resolution of medical issues through business activities
 Anti-corruption
 Anti-competitive behavior
Important
Very important
Most important
We then conducted an overall assessment of the related aspects identified in STEP 1 along two axes: the degree of importance for stakeholders (size of impact on decision-making by stakeholders) and, from the perspective of risks and opportunities, the degree of importance for Sysmex (size of the Company’s impact on the economy, environment and society). Through this process, we discovered the most important aspects requiring priority initiatives.
Environmental consideration
 Products and services  Transport
 Raw materials
 Energy
* GRI Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (G4): Fourth Edition of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines.
 Corporate governance  Compliance
 Risk management
 Compliance (environment, society, responsibility for products)
P65
Degree of importance for the Company
  Improvement in accessibility to medical services by means such as familiarizing products
  Securing of product quality and safety   Appropriate disclosure of information
External Evaluations
regarding products and services
  Assessment and management of the supply chain   Provision of a comfortable working environment   Development of human resources
  Promotion of diversity
  Environmental consideration through
Sysmex has earned high third-party praise for its efforts as a sustain- able company. For example, we were selected by Corporate Knights for inclusion in the 2017 Global 100 (The 100 Most Sustainable Companies in the World). We were 70th in this ranking, and first in the category of “Health Care Equipment & Supplies.” This was the third time we have been selected for this ranking, and the second con- secutive year. We have also been chosen for inclusion in well-known indices of ESG investment, such as the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and the FTSE4Good Index, as well as other major indices of socially responsible investment (SRI).
the product lifecycle
  Reduction in environmental burden through activities at business offices
  Corporate governance   Compliance
  Risk management
Resolution of medical issues through products and services
 Resolution of medical issues through business activities
 Indirect economic impact  Local communities
P59
 Improvement in accessibility to medical ser- vices by means such as familiarizing products
regarding products and services.
 Assessment and management of the supply chain
Realization of an attractive workplace
 Employment
 Training and education
 Reduction in environmental burden through activities at business offices
 Water
 Emission into the atmosphere  Effluents and waste
Governance
 Indirect economic impact
 Supplier assessment for impact on society

                  59
60

Enhancing Corporate Value
Sysmex Report 2017
Resolution of Medical Issues through Products and Services
We are contributing toward the resolution of medical issues by leveraging our unique technologies and global network.
Products Using Unique Technologies to Resolve Healthcare Issues
Expectations on the Resolution of Medical Issues
Sysmex’s Approach to Resolving Healthcare Issues
Worldwide, the number of people with dementia* is forecast to rise from 46.8 million in 2015 to 74.7 million in 2030. The problem is growing increasingly serious as the world’s population ages.
In recent years, against the backdrop of aging populations in developed countries, demand has been increasing to curtail rising medical expenses and extend healthy lifes- pans. Meanwhile, in line with economic growth, emerging markets are calling for better healthcare. In developing countries, where healthcare infrastructure is unable to keep pace with population increases, improving access to healthcare is an issue. Responding to malaria and other infectious diseases is also an issue. Recognizing such issues as common goals for the international commu- nity, in September 2015 the United Nations adopted the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which set targets related to human health and welfare. Expectations are growing with respect to global companies’ initiatives to resolve medical issues.
In line with our mission of “shaping the advancement of healthcare,” which is defined in the “Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy of the Sysmex Group, we are work- ing to create new value. We believe our mission is to address the shared desire of people around the world to remain healthy.
Super-resolution microscope
Relation to the SDGs
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations consist of 17 goals to be met by 2030. Goal 3, to “Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages,” targets the fol- lowing objectives.
 Reduce maternal mortality
 Ensure access to essential healthcare services, medicines and vaccines
No malaria transmission Not applicable
 Reduce the mortality of children under five years of age
 Eradicate AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria and tackle other communicable diseases
 Develop the skills of and conduct training for health workers in developing countries
Source: WHO “World Malaria Report 2014”
 Reduce premature mortality from non-communicable diseases
We are expanding our product lineup in response
to testing needs, and working to provide accurate test data swiftly. In recent years, we have been conducting research and development to create advanced, high-value testing and diagnosis technologies with a view to realiz- ing personalized medicine. To boost access to healthcare in emerging markets and developing countries, we are promoting business activities aimed at raising local levels of healthcare.
Ultrahigh-sensitivity HISCLTM
By leveraging our unique technologies and global net- work spanning more than 190 countries, we are contribut- ing to the resolution of healthcare issues and working to build a sustainable society.
 Sample Initiative 2:
Supporting the Diagnosis of Infectious Disease
  Endemic Areas for Malaria Individuals affected: 198 million/year
 Sample Initiative 1:
Helping to Prevent and Diagnose Dementia
Realizing Alzheimer’s Disease Testing through Liquid Biopsy
Sysmex strives for innovation in the aim of providing advanced and highly valuable diagnostic technologies. One such example is the diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease through blood testing, an area in which we are pursuing R&D in collaboration with Eisai Co., Ltd.
Image-based screening
Blood test
Alzheimer’s is one of the most common forms of dementia, but the level of satisfaction with current treat- ments is low. While diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease is sometimes made by using tests such as brain imaging and cerebrospinal fluid examinations, various issues exist, such as the high cost of such testing and the physical burden placed on patients. By using blood tests to detect min-
ute protein quantities and their structural abnormalities, which are thought to impact the disease state, Sysmex is striving to develop products that might aid in early diag- nosis and treatment.
* Source: World Alzheimer Report 2015, Alzheimer’s Disease International
Spinal fluid test
Malaria affects some 200 million people around the world, and is said to cause around 600,000 deaths each year. Distinguishing tropical malaria, which can lead to death if the disease becomes serious, from other types of malaria is an extremely important part of diagnosis and treatment. However, current testing methods involve microscope- based examinations, which require skilled and experienced medical professionals. Hence, demand exists for the development of a new technology for distinguishing and diagnosing malaria simply and quickly.
Deaths: 580,000/year
Sysmex has developed the XN-30 multiparameter automated hematology analyzer, which utilizes the Company’s existing automated hematology analyzer tech- nology to measure red blood cells infected with malarial plasmodia in approximately one minute. At present, use
is limited to research applications, but going forward we anticipate application in a broad range of areas, from basic research to clinics.

As a healthcare company, we strive to increase quality and ensure the stable supply of products and services.

Instilling confidence in its customers and business part- ners has been a matter of importance at Sysmex since
the time of its founding. Our products are used in clinical testing, so they play a vital role in protecting people’s lives and health. Being fully aware of this important responsibil- ity, Sysmex has put in place systems to ensure product and service quality, safety, and stable provision.
For instance, we have established the Vigilance Division to cultivate the sharing of information with the aim of augmenting product quality and safety. This division investigates and analyzes such information from custom- ers, and feeds their analysis results to relevant customers while also sharing them with design, manufacturing and other related functions, so that these findings may be ap- plied to quality improvement and product development.
Delivering high-quality products to customers in a stable manner requires the cooperation of our business part- ners. Sysmex has formulated a Procurement Policy, which outlines the Company’s fundamental perspective on selecting business partners and engaging in procurement transactions. We are building a value chain in accordance with this policy. In addition, we are working to reinforce our relationships with business partners so that transac- tions are based on their understanding of Sysmex’s busi- ness directions and procurement policy. Also, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we conducted CSR surveys of 280 existing business partners to confirm the status of their CSR activities.

Constructing a Stable Supply System
If testing is interrupted, physicians may become unable to accurately diagnose patients. For this reason, it is essential to ensure a stable supply of reagents, which are used each time a test is conducted. To prevent reagent supplies from being interrupted even in the event of emergency, we are reinforcing overseas production and dispersing risk by increasing the number of suppliers of key ingredients. At the same time, we are building a system through which factories can provide supplies to each other in emergencies. We have created an internal BCP manual on product supply and conduct simulation training.

We engage in environmentally considerate business activities and strive to reduce the environmental impact of products when used by customers.

As a company developing its operations globally, Sysmex recognizes increasingly serious environmental issues
as a topmost priority. Accordingly, we have formulated long-term environmental objectives in the Sysmex Group Environmental Action Plan (Sysmex Eco-Vision 2020).
For instance, we have established the Vigilance Division to cultivate the sharing of information with the aim of augmenting product quality and safety. This division investigates and analyzes such information from customers, and feeds their analysis results to relevant customers while also sharing them with design, manufacturing and other related functions, so that these findings may be applied to quality improvement and product development.
As part of our environmental consideration related to products and services, we are transitioning from air to marine transport for overseas exports and optimizing package sizes in order to increase container loading efficiency. These efforts have substantially reduced CO2 emissions from distribution. By providing environmentally considerate products, we are helping to reduce the environmental impact of products when used by customers. For our fully automated analyzers of formed elements in urine, launched in 2015, we switched to more environment friendly and safer reagents that eliminate the need for processing waste liquid with neutralizing agents.
We are also mounting global initiatives to reduce environmental impact at business offices, including measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and increase the recycling rate.

Enhancing Corporate Value
Sysmex Report 2017
Realization of an Attractive Workplace
Sysmex is working to develop diverse human resources and create an attractive and pleasant working environment.
Category
2015.3 2016.3 6.5 8.3
2017.3 8.8
Realization of an Attractive Workplace
Promoting Global Human Resource Development
To encourage the employment of women, we have
put in place a host of leave systems to support a balance between work and child-rearing, as well as a work-at-home system, and opened an in-house daycare center. As a result, the number of female managers at Sysmex Corporation has risen to 8.8% (up 2.3 percentage points over two years). For the Group as a whole, this figure has grown to 16.2%, up 4.6 percentage points over the same period.
Sysmex considers human resources an important management resource for achieving sustainable growth, and invests in the recruitment and cultivation of diverse human resources. Our human resource development system is designed to develop skills in an ongoing, planned manner. We promote diversity and inclusion, and we have introduced various systems aimed at making the workplace more motivating. We strive to create a working environment that maximizes the skills of diverse human resources and pro- vides individual employees with opportunities for growth.
Throughout the Group, Sysmex has around 8,000 employees, with overseas employees accounting for more than 55% of this total. We are a global company, with Group companies operating in more than 40 countries.
To promote this globalization and provide opportunities
for growth to employees around the world, in the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2015, we formulated a global
human resource development system to facilitate human resource development throughout the Group. In the same year, Sysmex opened the Global Communication Center
in Japan, as a place for human resource development and exchange. We are promoting initiatives to enhance a sense of unity within the Group, develop next-generation human resources, strengthen networks within the Group and foster cultural understanding.
Sysmex is also introducing barrier-free facilities in
an effort to provide a comfortable working environment for people with disabilities. In April 2017, we established Sysmex Harmony Co., Ltd., as a new company to promote the employment of people with disabilities and realize an inclusive society.
Kids Park, our in-house daycare center
Through these initiatives, in line with the positioning of our long-term management targets, we aim to be “an attractive company providing value and confidence” to our employees and other stakeholders.
Creating a Working Environment That Maximizes Skills (Third-Party Evaluations)
Initiatives Targeting Global Human Resource Exchanges

“Great Place to Work”
In 2012, we introduced a Global Exchange Program to promote interaction among human resources throughout the Group. Employees engage in dialogue about the “Sysmex Way,” introduce their regions and visit customers together. These activities help promote mutual understanding and foster a sense of Group unity. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, 20 employees from 11 countries visited Japan as part of this program.
Sysmex Europe (2012, 2014, 2016) Sysmex Brazil (2014)
Comment from a Participant
Sysmex Asia Pacific (2015, 2016) Sysmex Malaysia (2016)
“Interacting with Sysmex employees from around the world was a great opportunity to deepen my understanding of the Sysmex Way and global business developments.”

We received the top-level (Level 3) “Eruboshi” mark for promotion of women’s participation and advancement in the workplace.
Sysmex Corporation (2016)
Andres Camperos Sysmex Colombia

In 2017, we were recognized for excellence in health management in the large company division (White 500).
Sysmex Corporation (2017)
Promoting Diversity
(%)
As part of its initiatives respecting diversity, Sysmex aims to create a working environment that makes the most of individual employees’ capabilities without regard to nationality, race, gender, or physical disability.
Percentage of Female Managers (Director Level
or Above)
Sysmex Corporation Overall Group
11.6 14.3
16.2
To create a working environment amenable to diverse human re- sources, we support work-life balance in regions around the world. Employee satisfaction has risen as a result, and we are highly rated from outside the Company.

“Companies That Care Honor Roll,” a ranking of companies that
contribute to the welfare of employees, their families and the local community Sysmex America (2009–2017)

A good company to work for, “HR Asia Best Companies to Work for in Asia 2015”

Nikkei ranking of “Companies that Motivate People”
Sysmex Corporation (2016) had an overall ranking of 27th out of 462 companies.
Sysmex 

Corporate Governance
By enhancing management soundness and transparency, we aim to maximize
the corporate value of the entire Group.
Election/Dismissal
Election/Dismissal
Election/Dismissal
Management Organization
and enhancing the corporate governance system. We are also strengthening the Managing Board’s audit and supervisory functions by appointing outside members.
Nominating Committee Compensation Committee Business Execution
Sysmex recognizes that reinforcing corporate governance is an important management issue. In accordance with the “Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group, we have adopted a structure designed to augment management soundness and transparency, as well as increasing management speed and efficiency. In June
2016, Sysmex transitioned from a company with a Board
of Corporate Auditors to a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee. By giving Managing Board voting rights to members of the Managing Board who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, we are rein- forcing the Managing Board’s audit and supervisory functions, increasing management transparency and objectivity,
The management structure currently comprises
12 members of the Managing Board (of whom four are outside members). Three members of the Managing Board are also members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee (of members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, two are outside members of the Managing Board). Furthermore, the Company has 18 executive officers (of whom six are also members of the Managing Board). In addition, the Company has introduced an executive officer system to speed up its decision-making on business execution and respond more swiftly to changes in the business environment.
Chairman and CEO
Accounting Auditors
  Advances in Corporate Governance
’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 2018.3–
Steering Committee
(Note) In addition to the above, in April 2017 we began holding meetings of executive officers to resolve issues on operationally important projects.
Management organization
organizing points at issue, and providing related information necessary to understand the background.
(Status of Agenda and Deliberation) The time for addressing and deliberating the Managing Board’s agenda is appropriate, and individual members of the Managing Board leverage their knowledge and experience to engage in deliberation.
Term of office
for members of
the Managing Board
Two years
One year
Note: Two years for members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee
To enhance the effectiveness of the Managing Board,
the Company conducted a survey of all members of the Managing Board (including members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee) and evaluated the Managing Board’s effectiveness based on discussions with the Managing Board on the survey’s results. An overview of the analysis and evaluation of results follows. (Composition) The scale of the Managing Board and ratio of independent outside members of the Managing Board are generally appropriate, both in nature and diversity. (Operation) The provision of information necessary to fully discuss the Managing Board’s agenda is generally ap- propriate. To further improve effectiveness, the Company is working to improve the Managing Board’s opera-
tion through the distribution of materials beforehand,
Company with a Board of Corporate Auditors
From June 2016
Company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee
Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Managing Board
Adopting Executive Officer System
Members of the 11 10 Nine Eight Seven Nine 13 From June 2017
Managing Board
12 (one woman) (Four)
(Of whom, outside members)
(One)
Proposals have been made with regard to matters introduced by individual members of the Managing Board to be deliberated by and reported to the Managing Board, operation of the Managing Board, and necessary materi- als. Regarding these proposals, the Managing Board has determined that it will respond to operational issues and continue to discuss medium-to long-term issues.
Corporate auditors (outside)
One
(out of three standing corporate auditors)
Two (out of four standing corporate auditors)
Accounting standards
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
Philosophy
Founding philosophy
“Sysmex Way,” the corporate philosophy for the Sysmex Group
Going forward, the Company’s Managing Board will be evaluated regularly, in the aim of further enhancing its effectiveness.
(Fiscal years to March 31)
  Corporate Governance Structure
Shareholder’s Meeting
Managing Board
Auditing/ supervision
Audit and Supervisory Committee
Members of the Managing Board (Excluding members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
Members of the Managing Board (Members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
Cooperation
Global Strategy Committee Steering Committee
Executive Officers
Risk Management Committee Compliance Committee
Accounting Auditing
Organization
Activities
Members
Meetings in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Managing Board
Deliberate important matters related to management
Members of the Managing Board
16
(rate of attendance: 100%)
Global Strategy Committee
Deliberate on the Group’s management direction and matters of strategic important
Deliberate important matters related to overall Group operations as an advisory body to facilitate decision-making by the Chairman and CEO
Chairman and CEO and senior executive officers
13 15
Divisions, Subsidiaries and Affiliates
Chairman and CEO and executive officers
Executive officers
—
Internal Audit Office
Cooperation
                                      67
68
Enhancing Corporate Value
Sysmex Report 2017
Corporate Governance
Audit and Supervisory Committee
operating performance and responsibility for achievements. Compensation for members of the Managing Board (ex- cluding members of the Managing Board who are mem- bers of the Audit and Supervisory Committee) divides broadly into fixed and variable portions. Fixed compensa- tion is determined on the basis of a member’s position, while variable compensation (including stock options) varies depending on performance. Compensation for Members of the Managing Board (Audit and Supervisory Committee), corporate auditors and outside members
Responding to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code
internal and external. Information received through these lines is handled anonymously to protect people consulting or providing information from any disadvantage.
Of the three members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, two are outside members of the Managing Board. Members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee attend meetings of the Managing Board, as well as of
Sysmex complies with each of the principles of Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, introduced by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. We publish reports submitted to the Tokyo Stock Exchange on our website.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, we received third-party evaluations of our systems for promoting compliance and their operational status. Based on these results, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we im- proved and expanded our internal reporting system to include key Sysmex Group companies overseas.
the Global Strategy Committee and Steering Committee. In this way, members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee monitor the appropriate execution of duties by members of the Managing Board. Depending on the details of Internal Audit Office activities, the Audit and Supervisory Committee is in place to provide instruction to the Internal Audit Office, as necessary.
Compliance
The Audit and Supervisory Committee works closely with the accounting auditors on the audit plans report (annual), the audit results reports (annual), and conduct- ing internal control audits related to financial reporting by exchanging information and opinions as necessary.
Fixed compensation
To control groupwide risk management activities, Sysmex established a Risk Management Committee, which is chaired by a risk management officer, the Group’s chief executive in charge of risk management. This committee identifies major risks having the potential to significantly impact the Group’s business. The committee also moni- tors the risk management status of individual divisions and affiliated companies and deliberates countermeasures in the event of a crisis with the potential to significantly affect Group management.
Executive Compensation
(Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017)
Compensation for Members of
the Managing Board in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017 (Excluding Outside Members)
Sysmex determines executive compensation amounts and calculation methods by making a clear link between
Variable compensation
Sysmex formulates business continuity plans (BCPs) for its manufacturing, procurement and other functions
to ensure it can fulfill its corporate responsibilities and supply products and services in a stable manner in the event of a disaster. Our BCPs identify products to be given provision priority so that our instruments can continue to function in a stable manner at healthcare institutions even in crisis situations. We have also prepared disaster- response regulations and manuals, including basic disas- ter-response regulations, putting in place systems that enable us to respond swiftly in emergencies.
 Breakdown of Executive Compensation (Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017)
Total Amount of Executive Compensation by Executive Category, Total Amount by Type of Compensation and Number of
Executives Receiving Compensation
Executive category
Basic compensation
Stock options
Bonuses
Retirement benefits
Members of the Managing Board
(Excluding members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee) (excluding outside members)
Members of the Managing Board
(Members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee) (excluding outside members)
Corporate auditors*
(excluding outside corporate auditors)
Outside executives
638
260
—
377
—
8
  The “Campanula Lines” Internal Reporting System Compliance leaders
Sysmex handles data about its customers, as well as on the organizations with which it collaborates on R&D and other testing. We recognize the importance of pro- tecting information such as this, as well as of other impor- tant corporate secrets, and view the leak of such corporate secrets as a significant risk to the Group. Accordingly, we have in place structures to prevent this risk from material- izing. To clarify our policies on ensuring information safety and security, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 we formulated consistent global regulations for information security for all Group companies, reinforcing organizational countermeasures to information leaks and cyber threats.
* The Company was a company with corporate auditors through the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. Executives Receiving Total Compensation of ¥100 Million or More
Reply
Consultation
E-mail, postal mail, telephone
E-mail, postal mail, telephone
Consultation
Reply
Name
Executive category
Basic compensation
Stock options —
Bonuses 129
Retirement benefits
Sysmex Group employees (full-time employees, contract employees, part-time employees, temporary employees)
Hisashi Ietsugu
Member of the Managing Board
Submitting company
59
—
188
Company category
Amount of compensation by type (¥ million)
Total compensa- tion (¥ million)
Total compensation (¥ million)
Total compensation by category (¥ million)
Number of executives
18
18
—
—
—
1
9 26
9 26
— —
— —
— —
2 5
In-house contact
External line (law firm)
of the Managing Board comprises only a fixed portion. Compensation amounts for members of the Managing Board (excluding members of the Managing Board who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee) are discussed and determined by the Managing Board follow- ing deliberation by the Compensation Committee.
Based on our Group philosophy, the “Sysmex Way,” we define our view of compliance as “conducting business activities not only in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also based on fairness and high ethical standards.” In accordance with this definition, we have established a Global Compliance Code, in which particu- larly important conformance rules and behavioral guide- lines for all Group executives and employees to abide by, and conduct training and work to instill this code. The code describes our thoughts on ethics in relation to research and development, prevention of bribery and adherence to international guidelines such as the Universal Declaration on Human Rights, as well as con- serving the global natural environment.
Risk Management
42%
58%
Sysmex has established internal reporting systems in Japan and overseas to resolve any compliance issues quickly. The “Campanula Lines,” our reporting system in Japan, has two lines for consultation and reporting:

                            69
70
Enhancing Corporate Value
Sysmex Report 2017
Corporate Governance
IR Activities to Enhance Corporate Value
Proactive Disclosure
Sysmex recognizes that investor relations activities are an important facet of corporate management, and discloses appropriate information in a timely manner. By commu- nicating directly with shareholders and investors, we have also put in place a system to quickly provide third-party evaluations and requests as feedback to management.
Meanwhile, we strive to introduce information about our business to individual shareholders and investors in an easy-to-understand manner via shareholder newsletters, our website and various video content.
In addition to financial results briefings and conference calls, in the supplements to its financial results Sysmex proactively discloses voluntary information such as oper- ating performance by geographic region, type of business and product category. At our annual technology pre- sentations, we explain our R&D successes and Sysmex’s future potential.
At meetings with institutional investors and analysts, we engage proactively on such themes as R&D, sharehold- er returns and capital policies, as well as our management strategies, business model and medium-term management plans. Although headquartered in Kobe, Sysmex visits locations including Tokyo, the United States, and European and Asian countries to conduct IR meetings. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we conducted 325 meetings.
At briefings and through shareholder newsletters, we regularly obtain information through questionnaires and pass on evaluations from our shareholders and the market to our management.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we voluntarily adopted the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Our aim is to enhance convenience to shareholders and investors by facilitating the international comparison of financial information.
Sysmex also provides opportunities for direct interac- tion, such as hosting tours of its facilities and business offices in Japan. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, as an initial trial we held an IR Day at our human resource development center. This event enabled us to provide fuller explanations on such topics as Sysmex’s corporate culture, the invisible value generated by our human re- sources and the business strategy for personalized medi- cine, which we are focusing on. Also, at our technology presentation we introduced current R&D projects under- way at our R&D facilities.

        71
72hening of the Company’s management base. He was appointed because his abundant experience and wide-ranging insight will be essential for increasing corporate value.
Reasons for Appointing
Reasons for Appointing
Oct. 2002
(current)
Reasons for Appointing
He was appointed to utilize his abundant experience and deep insight into corporate management for audits of the Company.
He has been involved in international business serv- ing as representatives of several overseas regional headquarters for many years and has contributed
to global business development. He was appointed because his abundant experience and wide-ranging insight will be essential for increasing corporate value.
Apr. 2013 Jun. 2014
Jun. 2008
Member of the Managing Board and Senior Executive Officer, Senior Managing Director
Retired from TOA Corporation Joined the Company, Member of the Managing Board (current)
He has been involved in research and technology development for many years and has contributed to business development. He was appointed because leveraging his experience and insight in new R&D will be essential for increasing corporate value.
She was appointed to utilize her abundant experi- ence and deep insight relating to advanced medical research, medical ethics and other fields as a clinician and researcher for management of the Company.
He has been involved in product and market development for many years and has contributed to business development. He was appointed because his wide-ranging insight will be essential for increas- ing corporate value.
Reasons for Appointing
Reasons for Appointing
the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
Mar. 1978 Joined the Company
          73
74
Enhancing Corporate Value
Sysmex Report 2017
Messages from Outside Members of the Managing Board
Susumu Nishiura
Masayo Takahashi
Koichi Onishi
Kazuhito Kajiura
Member of the Managing Board (Outside)
Member of the Managing Board (Outside)
Member of the Managing Board (Outside) (Member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
Member of the Managing Board (Outside) (Member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
I have the sense that Sysmex’s Managing Board practices corporate governance through free and lively expression that takes diverse opinions into consideration. As an out- side member of the Managing Board, I consider my roles to be supervising the execution of business by taking into account the general shareholders and other stakeholders, and enhancing corporate value. To ensure even more appropriate decisions going forward, I will work to increase communications on the Managing Board and clarify the decision-making process.
Sysmex’s stance is to achieve advances in healthcare
by consistently embracing new technologies, concepts, methods and systems. This is in line with my own approach toward work. Since being appointed as an out- side member of the Managing Board last year, I have done my best to help the Company move forward through its execution of business.
Last year, Sysmex made the transition to a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee. By giving voting rights to members of the Audit and Supervisory Board, their voices are reinforced on the Managing Board. The Audit and Supervisory Committee is composed of a good balance of members with different types of experience. In my view, this structure enables the committee to audit the business from a variety of angles and function effectively. Due to my many years of experience in manufacturing, my overriding focus on this committee tends toward such ar- eas as cost control, quality control, health and safety, and environmental disaster prevention. In particular, I consider operations from the perspective of internal control and risk management.
I conduct my operations based on the spirit of acting in- dependently according to my own beliefs I have cultivated in my many years as a certified public accountant. On the Managing Board, in addition to participating actively in discussions and enhancing accountability, I express my opinions from the perspective of the legality and suitabil- ity of management activities, as well as timely disclosure, with the aims of increasing management efficiency and augmenting the monitoring function. By transitioning to
Sysmex has enjoyed substantial growth in its existing businesses, and cannot be easily overtaken by competi- tors. Despite this strength, however, I believe that an im- portant topic for the Company will be the ability to quickly create its next core businesses amid the rapid progress
Sysmex contributes to the advancement of healthcare from a different perspective than has been evident to date by companies involved in drug discovery and the develop- ment of therapies. I see Sysmex’s experience and perfor- mance from this viewpoint, as well as its forward-looking stance, as major strengths. At the same time, technologi- cal breakthroughs occur swiftly nowadays, and the more cutting-edge the technologies, the more important it is
for them to begin contributing to corporate performance as quickly as possible. To ensure sustainable growth into the future, a company requires a spirit of challenge that enables it to absorb state-of-the-art technologies in new fields. I hope that Sysmex will remain consistently proac- tive and continue to grow by leveraging its strengths.
This year, Sysmex experienced a decline in sales and profits. In addition to external factors such as exchange rates, I think there were also issues with promoting new businesses that will serve as new pillars of growth. To expand further, in addition to relying on the president’s outstanding management sense and leadership, I believe individual employees need to be more aware of the “Sysmex Way” and go about their business with passion and a strong sense of mission toward achieving goals. For my part, I will provide the check to ensure against legal violations and other negative factors, but in addition I consider it necessary for me to audit the Company from the standpoint of whether the Company is maintaining a proactive stance.
a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee, Sysmex has strengthened authorities and the auditing function. As an outside member of the Managing Board and a member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee,
I will express my opinions energetically to redouble the effectiveness of corporate governance and help realize the “Sysmex Way.”
in healthcare technologies. As steppingstones to sustain- able growth, Sysmex has defined long-term management targets and formulated a mid-term management plan.
In order to reach these goals, I will endeavor to express myself proactively to ensure that the Company responds appropriately in reforms to its business portfolio.
Sysmex has a high percentage of overseas sales and
is highly competitive in hematology and other core busi- nesses. Even so, expanding and strengthening its next core businesses is a matter of some urgency, due to the chang- ing management environment in the healthcare business, which is characterized by such factors as the pursuit of further advances in healthcare and policies for contain- ing healthcare costs. To this end, the Company needs to augment its global communications structure and recruit and nurture more global human resources. As an outside member of the Managing Board, I also would suggest the Company pursue further reforms in the acquisition and cultivation of human resources.
To ensure Sysmex is able to continue contributing to advances in the world’s healthcare, I will take advantage of my own long years of experience in medical settings and the development of therapies. I also plan to maintain my approach of advising management from the objective viewpoint of academia and healthcare professionals.

       75
76
Enhancing Corporate Value
Executive Officers
Financial and Other Information
Back row, from left: Tomokazu Yoshida, Mamoru Kubota, John Kershaw, Hiroshi Nagao, Juergen Schulze, Peng Zuo Hui, Kensuke Iizuka Front row, from left: Keiji Fujimoto, Hiroshi Kanda, Iwane Matsui, Yukio Hamaguchi, Ikuo Otani
Iwane Matsui
Yukio Hamaguchi
Juergen Schulze
Senior Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Deputy head of Global Marketing
President and CEO,
Sysmex International Reagents Co., Ltd.
President and CEO, Sysmex Europe GmbH
Hiroshi Kanda
Senior Executive Officer
Keiji Fujimoto
Mamoru Kubota
Deputy head of Core Business
Executive Vice President of ICH Business Development
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance
Executive Vice President of LS Business
Ikuo Otani
Peng Zuo Hui
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Deputy head of Core Business
President and CEO, Sysmex Shanghai Ltd.
Hiroshi Nagao
Contents
Financial Information
Executive Officer
Tomokazu Yoshida
Executive Vice President of Corporate Business Administration
Executive Officer
John Kershaw
Executive Vice President of Central Research Laboratories MR Business Development
Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Data (10 Years)........ Management’s Discussion and Analysis............................................... Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .................................. Consolidated Statement of Income........................................................ Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ..................... Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ................................. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows................................................
77
79
83
85
86
87
88
Executive Officer
Kensuke Iizuka
Chairman, Sysmex America, Inc. Deputy head of Core Business
Executive Officer
Deputy head of Corporate Business Planning and Administration

                   77
78
Financial and Other Information
Sysmex Report 2017
Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Data (10 Years)
Japanese GAAP
(Billions of yen) 2015 2016
IFRS
(Billions of yen)
Fiscal years ended March 31 For the year:
Net sales
Operating income
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
Fiscal years ended March 31 For the year:
Net sales
Operating profit
2016
2017
110.7 15.0 9.1 8.2 Depreciation 3.9 9.2 11.6
111.8 15.1 8.0 9.3 7.2 10.7 13.1
116.1 15.7 9.7 4.5 7.0 11.2 21.2
124.6 18.2 11.4 5.8 6.8 12.3 18.1
134.7 19.2 12.0 7.9 7.0 11.9 17.0
145.5 21.8 14.1 8.9 7.9 12.1 25.8
184.5 32.8 20.5 13.3 9.9 13.2 36.5
221.3 253.1 44.4 56.9 26.6 36.2 13.9 13.8 11.2 12.2 14.6 17.7 38.6 39.5
252.6 60.7 39.2 13.0 12.1 15.4 41.7
249.8 51.7 40.6 11.8 12.3 15.5 32.8
Net income attributable to owners of the parent1 Capital expenditure
Profit attributable to owners of the parent Capital expenditure
Depreciation and amortization
R&D expenses
R&D expenses
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
(12.8) (1.3)
(13.5) 0.7
(6.6) (10.0)
(8.9) (3.4)
(10.3) (3.8)
(12.5) (3.1)
(33.9) (2.8)
(19.5) (21.6) (7.5) (8.7)
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
(23.8) (8.7)
(19.4) (10.8)
At year-end:
Total assets
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Total equity
Interest-bearing liabilities
109.0 9.6 79.1 1.0
118.5 9.4 79.8 10.3
120.7 13.8 87.1 2.5
130.0 18.9 94.2 1.9
142.2 21.8 102.5 1.0
173.0 34.3 119.1 0.7
210.7 36.5 146.2 1.9
247.9 267.6 50.2 56.4 169.5 188.0 0.7 1.3
At year-end:
Total assets
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Total equity
Interest-bearing liabilities
263.9 56.4 182.8 1.3
279.8 57.9 210.2 1.1
Per share data:
Equity (yen)
Net income (basic) (yen)
Net income (diluted) (yen)
Cash dividends applicable to the year2 (yen) Dividend ratio (%)
1,540.9 178.9 178.3 12.00 26.8
1,548.1 156.7 156.4 12.50 31.9
1,684.9 190.7 190.5 14.00 29.4
910.63 111.13 110.93 15.003 27.0
990.5 116.8 116.6 17.00
1,151.3 137.5 137.0 20.00 29.1
703.73 99.43 99.13 27.003
812.3 899.5 128.4 174.4 128.0 173.7 38.00 52.00
Per share data:
Equity attributable to owners of the parent (yen) Profit attributable to owners of the parent (basic) (yen) Profit attributable to owners of the parent (diluted) (yen) Cash dividends applicable to the year
Dividend ratio (%)
879.32 189.08 188.30
1,005.86 195.31 194.74 58.00 29.7
Other data:
Operating margin (%) Overseas sales ratio (%) Equity ratio (%)
Return on equity (ROE) (%) Return on assets (ROA)4 (%)
13.6 67.5 72.2 12.2
13.5 68.0 66.8 10.1
13.5 68.3 71.5 11.8
14.7 69.1 71.9 12.7
14.3 70.5 71.6 12.3
15.0 72.4 68.7 12.8
17.8 78.2 69.2 15.6 10.7
20.1 22.5 81.7 84.3 68.0 69.9 17.0 20.4 11.6 14.1
Other data:
Operating margin (%) Overseas sales ratio (%) Equity ratio (%)
Return on equity (ROE) (%) Return on assets (ROA)5 (%)
24.0 84.2 69.3 23.1 15.5
20.7 82.6 74.8 20.7 16.3
Number of employees
(Including part-time and other employees)
3,916
4,148
4,576
4,957
5,521
5,594
6,211
6,742 7,446
Number of employees
(Including part-time and other employees)
7,446
7,930
Female managers (director level or above) (%)
— —
— 10.08
— 10.86
— 9.53
— 8.65
— 8.63
10.6 7.98
11.6 14.3 7.28 7.26
Female managers (director level or above) (%)
14.3 7.26
16.2 7.36
Greenhouse gas emissions at business offices per unit of consolidated sales6 (t-CO2/¥100 million)
Greenhouse gas emissions at business offices per unit of consolidated sales6 (t-CO2/¥100 million)
Patent applications Of which, overseas7
350
339 185
360 206
424 283
331 230
295 195
302
307 317
Patent applications Of which, overseas7
317 215
344 234
1
2 Dividend (actual) converted to post-split basis.
5
ROA = Profit attributable to owners of the parent/Total assets (Yearly Average)×100
3 4
Two-for-one stock split
ROA = Net income attributable to owners of the parent/Total assets (Yearly Average)×100
7
Figures shown for fiscal years ended on or after March 31, 2012 are including figures of countries to transfer international patent application
Figures shown for fiscal years ended on or before March 31, 2015 are “net income.
8.7
7.0
8.2
9.1
8.8
9.0
195
205
217 215
29.1
27.1
29.6 29.8
52.00 27.5
(Yen)
(Yen)
6 Main business offices in Japan, instrument factories in Japan, reagent factories in Japan, main overseas locations and overseas reagent factories

                                79
80
Financial and Other Information
Sysmex Report 2017
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Sysmex adopted IFRS from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. Our aim is to increase convenience to shareholders and investors in Japan and overseas by enhancing the international comparability of our financial information in capital mar- kets. Figures for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 are also disclosed in compliance with IFRS.
owners of the parent increased 3.5%, to ¥40.6 billion, stem- ming from a reduction in income tax expenses through a reversal of deferred tax liabilities in line with a revised tax treaty between Japan and Germany. Return on equity (ROE) declined 2.4 percentage points, to 20.7% during the fiscal year under review.
Profits and Losses
Overview
introducing policies to reduce medical expenses. Therefore, although some causes for uncertainty remain, the foun- dations of healthcare-related demand remain solid. The Japanese government is including the medical and healthcare industry in its growth strategies, which is expected to contin- ue invigorating healthcare-related industries going forward.
Selling, general and administrative expenses increased ¥0.8 billion, or 1.1%, to ¥75.4 billion, owing to reinforcement of sales and after-sales service structures. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales rose 0.7 percentage point, from 29.5% to 30.2%.
Looking at economic conditions during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, in the United States, the employment environment was characterized by ongoing improvement, and the economy continued its gradual expansion. The European economy also continued to recover, but due to the UK’s move to exit the European Union, which is begin- ning in earnest, the outlook remains uncertain. The Chinese economy continued to decelerate gradually, despite the in- troduction of fiscal policies and monetary easing measures. In the Asia Pacific region, uncertainty continued, centered on ASEAN countries. Overseas economies generally main- tained the trend toward modest recovery, despite emerging uncertainties in the economic outlook. . The Japanese econ- omy continued on its path to recovery thanks to improve- ments in employment and income conditions and an upturn in capital investment.
Net Sales by Destination1
On the healthcare front, developed countries in Europe and the United States are working to curtail medical expenses. In the United States, the Affordable Care Act that was introduced to decrease the number of people without medical insurance is being reviewed. In China, ongoing medi- cal system reforms aim to erase medical service disparities between cities and farming villages, but the country is also
In Japan, sales increased in the hematology, hemostasis and immunochemistry fields. As a result, sales in Japan rose 9.1% year on year, to ¥43.4 billion.
However, profit attributable to owners of the parent increased ¥1.3 billion, or 3.5%, to ¥40.6 billion, stemming from a reduction in income tax expenses through a reversal of deferred tax liabilities in line with a revised tax treaty between Japan and Germany.
  Net Sales
  Net Sales by Destination
  Operating Profit Operating Margin
  Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
  R&D Expenses
R&D Expenses as a Percentage of Net Sales
145.5
26.6
184.5
44.4
12.1
252.6 221.3
249.8(¥ billion)
8.5%
JAPAN
60.7
39.2
40.6(¥ billion)
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 Japanese GAAP IFRS
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 Japanese GAAP IFRS
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
Under these conditions, within the Sysmex Group a subsidiary, Sysmex Asia Pacific Pte Ltd., established a branch in Myanmar, which is demonstrating remarkable economic growth. By providing more robust support for distributors and customers in Myanmar, we will continue contributing to the development of healthcare in the country.
In overseas markets, reagent sales expanded in the hema- tology, hemostasis and immunochemistry fields thanks to
a growing installed instrument base. Consequently, sales were robust in each country on a local currency basis, but the Sysmex Group’s overseas sales decreased 3.0% year on year, to ¥206.4 billion, due mainly to the impact of the yen’s appreciation in foreign exchange markets. The overseas sales ratio declined 1.6 percentage points, to 82.6%. Looking at overseas sales by destination, sales in the Americas amounted to ¥60.1 billion, up 1.6% year on year; in EMEA2 ¥64.6 billion, down 5.3%; in China ¥60.3 billion, down 7.4%; and in Asia-Pacific ¥21.2 billion, up 5.9%.
Profit
In 2014, Sysmex commenced capital participation in RIKEN GENESIS Co., Ltd., headquartered in Tokyo, engaging in efforts toward the realization of personalized medicine. To reinforce synergies with RIKEN GENESIS, we acquired additional shares in the company and converted it to a sub- sidiary. Together, Sysmex and RIKEN GENESIS will pursue R&D and business development initiatives to realize person- alized medicine through genetic analysis.
Operating profit fell ¥9.0 billion, or 14.9%, to ¥51.7 billion due to the impact of yen appreciation and a worsening cost of sales ratio, and the ratio of operating profit to net sales fell 3.3 percentage points, to 20.7%. Exchange rate fluctua- tions had a ¥11.1 billion negative impact on operating profit year on year.
During the fiscal year the Group recorded consolidated net sales of ¥249.8 billion, down 1.1% year on year. Operating profit declined 14.9%, to ¥51.7 billion, and profit before tax fell 15.3%, to ¥48.9 billion. However, profit attributable to
2 EMEA: Europe, the Middle East and Africa
To enhance its product portfolio, during the year Sysmex developed new products and pursued R&D centering on clinical testing and the life sciences, fields targeted for future growth. As a result, R&D expenses amounted expanded ¥0.1
Japan Overseas
Americas EMEA China
Asia Pacific
Operating Profit Operating Margin
R&D Expenses
R&D Expenses as a Percentage of Net Sales
OVERSEAS
Net sales
32.8
24.0 20.1
20.7(%)
20.5
8.3
82.6%
7.2
6.6
6.2(%)
¥206.4 billion
billion
15.0
24.1%
¥43.4 billion
51.7(¥ billion)
13.2
25.9%
24.1%
¥249.8
21.8
17.8
14.1
6.1
17.4%
14.6
15.4 15.5 (¥ billion)
1 Net sales by destination is defined as the sales amount recorded by Group companies to customers in a particular region. However, net sales by geographical region refers to the sales amount made by a Group company in a particular location.
R&D expenses
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
Cost of Sales and SG&A Expenses
Cost of sales rose ¥6.1 billion, or 6.1%, to ¥108.1 billion. The cost of sales ratio accordingly increased 3.0 percentage points, to 43.3%.

                          81
82
Financial and Other Information
Sysmex Report 2017
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
billion, or 0.9%, to ¥15.5 billion. R&D expenses as a percent- age of net sales increased 0.1 percentage points, from 6.1% to 6.2%.
competitive product development and global business strat- egies, aiming to respond to anticipated changes in the busi- ness environment.
31, 2016. Principal reasons were decreases of ¥4.0 billion in advance received, ¥3.8 billion in deferred tax liabilities, and ¥3.5 billion in income taxes payable.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Dividend Policy
Liquidity and Sources of Capital
Total equity came to ¥210.2 billion, up ¥27.4 billion from March 31, 2016. Among principal reasons, other components of equity decreased ¥3.4 billion, but retained earnings rose ¥29.1 billion. Equity attributable to owners of the parent to total assets as of March 31, 2017, was 74.8%, up 5.5 percent- age points from the 69.3% recorded as of March 31, 2016.
Net cash used in investing activities was ¥19.4 billion (down ¥4.4 billion from the preceding year). Principal uses of cash included purchases of property, plant and equipment of ¥11.6 billion (down ¥2.0 billion), purchases of intangible assets of ¥7.4 billion (down ¥0.9 billion), acquisitions of subsidiaries or other businesses used ¥1.4 billion (up ¥1.0 billion) , and a net decrease in short-term loans receivable, a category that was absent in the preceding year, used ¥1.9 billion.
Sysmex aims to maintain a proper balance between aggres- sive investment, which is designed to sustain steady high growth, and returns to our shareholders as our earning power increases. In terms of returns to shareholders, we intend to provide a stable dividend on a continuous basis and aim for a consolidated payout ratio of 30% under our basic policy of sharing the successes of our operations in line with business performance.
Fund Procurement
As a basic policy, Sysmex pays twice-yearly dividends from retained earnings, an interim dividend and a year-end dividend. The year-end dividend is decided upon approval of the annual shareholders’ meeting, and the interim dividend upon approval by the members of the Managing Board.
For long-term capital requirements such as capital investment, the Company decides the funding method after taking into account the investment recovery period and risk. During the year, the Company financed capital expenditure and R&D activities primarily from cash provided by operat- ing activities.
As of March 31, 2017, cash and cash equivalents amounted to ¥57.9 billion, up ¥1.4 billion from March 31, 2016. Cash flows from various activities during the fiscal year are described in more detail below.
Net cash used in financing activities was ¥10.8 billion (up ¥2.1 billion). This was mainly due to dividends paid of ¥11.6 billion (up ¥2.0 billion).
In accordance with this policy and in light of business performance during the year under review, we announced dividends for the year of ¥58 per share, which includes an interim dividend of ¥28. Consequently, we increased annual dividends by ¥6 per share for the year for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. This amounted to the 15th consecu- tive year of dividend increases and a consolidated payout ratio of 29.7%.
Assets, Liabilities and Equity
Net cash provided by operating activities was ¥32.8 billion, ¥8.9 billion less than in the preceding fiscal year. As prin- cipal factors, profit before tax provided ¥48.9 billion (¥8.8 billion less than in the preceding fiscal year), an increase in inventories used ¥2.1 billion (down ¥4.6 billion), a decrease in trade payables used ¥2.4 billion (increased ¥4.1 billion in the preceding fiscal year), a decrease in advances received used ¥3.6 billion (increased ¥0.6 billion in the preceding fiscal year), and income taxes paid used ¥16.2 billion (down ¥3.3 billion).
Going forward, Sysmex will continue to effectively invest its internal reserves in the implementation of highly
Meanwhile, total liabilities as of March 31, 2017, were ¥69.5 billion, down ¥11.5 billion from their level on March
  Cash Dividends Applicable to the Year
  Total Assets
  Total equity
  Cash Flows
  Capital Expenditure Depreciation and Amortization
Dividend Ratio
20
27.1
27.5
29.1
29.6
29.7(%)
Cash Dividends Applicable to the Year Dividend Ratio
Capital expenditure Depreciation and amortization
38 27
169.5 146.2
38.6 41.7
9.9
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3 Japanese GAAP IFRS
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
(19.5) (19.4) (23.8)
’13.3 ’14.3 ’15.3 ’16.3 ’17.3
52
263.9
210.2 (¥ billion)
13.3
13.0 12.3(¥ billion) 12.111.8(¥ billion)
58 (¥)
279.8 (¥ billion)
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash used in financing activities
13.9
210.7 173.0
182.8
11.2
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
Japanese GAAP
IFRS
247.9
The Company raises working capital as necessary through short-term bank loans and other means. Consolidated sub- sidiaries obtain bank loans as needed to secure working capital, but in October 2003, the Company introduced a cash management system to increase efficiency by unifying financing and capital management at affiliates in Japan.
Cash Flows
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
As of March 31, 2017, total assets amounted to ¥279.8 bil- lion, up ¥15.8 billion from March 31, 2016. As principal fac- tors, trade and other receivables (current assets) rose ¥5.4 billion, intangible assets rose ¥4.5 billion, trade and other receivables (non-current assets) grew ¥2.3 billion, inventories expanded by ¥1.3 billion, and goodwill increased ¥1.3 billion.
119.1
Year ended Mar. 31 2017 (IFRS)
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Capital expenditure (investment in property, plant and equipment, including construction in progress) was down ¥1.2 billion year on year, or 9.2%, to ¥11.8 billion. Major capi- tal expenditures included the expansion of reagent factories to increase reagent production capacity at overseas subsid- iaries in line with business expansion in overseas markets, as well as for the acquisition of equipment leased to custom- ers. Depreciation and amortization increased ¥0.2 billion, or 2.2%, to ¥12.3 billion.
32.8
Year ended Mar. 31 2015 (Japanese GAAP)
8.9
Year ended Mar. 31 2016 (IFRS)
7.9
(7.5)(8.7)(10.8)(¥ billion)
Capital Expenditure and Depreciation

                                          83
84
Financial and Other Information
Sysmex Report 2017
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Sysmex Corporation and its Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2017
Assets
Liabilities and equity
Current assets
Liabilities Current liabilities
¥ 57,944 63,084 Inventories 36,998
¥ 56,481 57,652 35,604 615 453 7,450 158,258
¥ 49,613 53,662 29,966 298 223 6,484 140,248
$ 517,357 563,250 330,339 4,714 4,080 65,205 1,484,982
Trade and other payables
Other short-term financial liabilities Income taxes payable
Provisions
Advance received
Accrued expenses
Accrued bonuses
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
¥
24,376 956 2,915 610 6,418 8,330 6,636 9,708 59,952
¥
26,824 788 6,511 554 10,431 6,864 6,538 9,383 67,896
¥
22,776 1,001 9,418
$
217,643 8,536 26,027 5,446 57,304 74,375 59,250 86,679 535,286
Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables
Other short-term financial assets Income taxes receivable
Other current assets
Total current assets
528
450 10,357 8,137 6,130 9,084 67,355
Non-current assets
654 2,318 3,527 2,562 9,612 69,564
566 2,341 3,192 6,384 13,219 81,116
562 2,312 3,094 5,669 11,980 79,336
5,839 20,696 31,491 22,875 85,821
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill 8,308
59,282 6,921 16,682 2,089 6,476 6,010 582 1,928 5,684 105,659 ¥263,917
56,835 7,192 11,598 1,937 3,901 6,440 960 1,717 6,478 97,062 ¥237,310
537,000 74,179 189,536 4,929 78,688 54,527 5,946 18,705 49,830 1,013,384 $2,498,366
Intangible assets
Investments accounted for using the equity method Trade and other receivables
Other long-term financial assets
Asset for retirement benefits
Other non-current assets
Deferred tax assets
Total non-currents assets
21,228 552 8,813 6,107 666 2,095 5,581 113,499 ¥279,817
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
621,107
Total assets
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
March 31, 2017
Date of transition to IFRS
March 31, 2017
March 31, 2017
Date of transition to IFRS
March 31, 2017
Note: The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥112 to $1, the approximate rate of exchange at March 31, 2017.
457 7,303 166,318
60,144
Millions of Yen March 31, 2016
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Millions of Yen March 31, 2016
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Non-current liabilities
Long-term financial liabilities Liability for retirement benefits Provisions
Other non-current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities
549
734
342
4,902
Equity
Equity attributable to owners of the parent Capital stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
11,611
11,016
10,483
103,670
Treasury stock
Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of the parent
(289) (7,725)
(285) (4,275)
(280) 1,246 157,972 0 157,973 ¥237,310
(2,580) (68,973)
Non-controlling interests
209,406 845 210,252 ¥279,817
182,800 0 182,801 ¥263,917
1,869,696 7,545 1,877,250 $2,498,366
17,303 188,506
16,969 159,375
16,340 130,183
154,491 1,683,089

                                        85
86
Financial and Other Information
Sysmex Report 2017
Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Sysmex Corporation and its Subsidiaries For the Year Ended March 31, 2017
Sysmex Corporation and its Subsidiaries For the Year Ended March 31, 2017
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses
Other operating income
Other operating expenses
Operating profit
Financial income
Financial expenses
Share of loss on equity method
Foreign exchange loss
Profit before tax
Income tax expenses
Profit
2017 ¥249,899
2016 ¥252,622
2017 $2,231,241
Profit
Other comprehensive income (loss)
2017 ¥40,453 ¥39,278 $361,188
Profit attributable to Owners of the parent Non-controlling interests Profit
40,636 (182)
39,278 (0)
362,821 (1,625)
Comprehensive income attributable to Owners of the parent Non-controlling interests Comprehensive income
¥37,327 (182)
¥33,219 (0)
$333,277 (1,625)
Earnings per share Basic
$1.74 1.74
Diluted
194.74 188.30
Note: The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥112 to $1, the approximate rate of exchange at March 31, 2017.
¥
¥
$
¥
40,453
¥
39,278
$
361,188
Note: The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥112 to $1, the approximate rate of exchange at March 31, 2017.
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Millions of Yen 2017 2016
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
108,122 141,777 75,401 15,554 1,277 397 51,701 514 372
101,932 150,689 74,571 15,409 610 588 60,729 382 96
965,375 1,265,866 673,223 138,875 11,402 3,545 461,616 4,589 3,321
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
(677) (2,218)
(465) (2,741)
(6,045) (19,804)
Total
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
(3,607)
(5,091)
(32,205)
48,946 8,493 40,453
57,809 18,530 39,278
437,018 75,830 361,188
Comprehensive income
(3,309) ¥37,144
(6,059) ¥33,219
(29,545) $331,643
Yen
¥195.31 ¥189.08
U.S. Dollars
Net gain (loss) on financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
158
(430)
1,411
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
139 298
(536) (967)
1,241 2,661
Total
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
(3,606)
(5,091)
(32,196)
Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method
(0)
(0)
¥37,144
¥33,219
$331,643

                                                          87
88
Financial and Other Information
Sysmex Report 2017
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Sysmex Corporation and its Subsidiaries For the Year Ended March 31, 2017
Sysmex Corporation and its Subsidiaries For the Year Ended March 31, 2017
As of April 1, 2015
Profit
Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) Exercise of warrants Share-based payment
¥157,973
transaction
Cash dividends
Purchase of treasury stock Transfer to retained earnings Changes from business
312 312
312
(6,368) (2,104) (2,483)
465 (5,476) (6,775)
(56,857) (18,786) (22,170)
combination
Equity transactions with
117 (3,635)
687
1,045 (32,455)
non-controlling interests Total transactions with
533 628 (10,086) (4) 536 (8,391) 11,016 16,969 159,375 (285) (4,275) 182,800
(8,391) 182,801
107
577 (884)
955 5,661 435,446 3,705
the owners
As of March 31, 2016
Profit
Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) Exercise of warrants Share-based payment
0
634 48,770 415
61,047 356
transaction
Cash dividends
Purchase of treasury stock Transfer to retained earnings Changes from business
32,832
41,794
293,143
combination
Equity transactions with
1,028 (0)
1,028
non-controlling interests Total transactions with
0 0
(7,424) (632) (1,453)
(8,399) (633) (403)
(66,286) (5,643) (12,973)
the owners
As of March 31, 2017
594 334 (11,505) (3) (141) (10,721) ¥11,611 ¥17,303 ¥188,506 ¥(289) ¥(7,725) ¥209,406
1,028 (9,692) ¥ 845 ¥210,252
1,930 (338) (19,400)
17,232 (3,018) (173,214)
As of March 31, 2016
Profit
Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) Exercise of warrants Share-based payment
$ 98,357
$151,509
$1,422,991
$(2,545)
$(38,170) $1,632,143
$ 0 $1,632,152
transaction
Cash dividends
Purchase of treasury stock Transfer to retained earnings Changes from business
(103,982) 1,259
(27)
(103,982) (27)
(103,982) (27)
Foreign currency translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year
(1,102) 1,462 56,481 ¥ 57,944
(2,320) 6,868 49,613 ¥56,481
(9,839) 13,054 504,295 $ 517,357
combination
Equity transactions with
9,179 0(0)
9,179
Note: The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥112 to $1, the approximate rate of exchange at March 31, 2017.
non-controlling interests Total transactions with
0
the owners
As of March 31, 2017
(86,536)
Note: The translations of Japanese yen amounts into
U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been rate of exchange at March 31, 2017.
made at the rate of ¥112 to $1, the approximate
Capital stock
Exercise of warrants
Dividends paid
Other–net
Net cash used in financing activities
928 (11,646) (148) (10,866)
849 (9,549) (55) (8,755)
8,286 (103,982) (1,321) (97,018)
5,304
2,973
5,304
2,982 $154,491
(102,723) (27) (1,259) $1,683,089 $(2,580) $(68,973)
(95,723) 9,179
$1,869,696 $7,545 $1,877,250
$103,670
Millions of Yen Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Capital Retained Treasury Other
Capital stock surplus earnings stock components Total
Non- controlling interests
Total equity
2017
2016
2017
of equity
¥10,483 ¥16,340 ¥130,183 ¥(280) ¥1,246 ¥157,972 39,278 39,278
Operating activities
(6,058) (6,058) 39,278 (6,058) 33,219 533 316 849
849
(425) 104 677
(335) 46
(3,795) 929 6,045
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Other
components Total
Non- controlling interests
Total equity
Financing activities
(9,549) (9,549) (4) (4)
(9,549) (4)
4,145 (903) (418)
(536) 536
40,636 40,636 (3,309) (3,309)
(182)
(0) (3,309)
40,636 (3,309) 37,327 594 333 928
(182)
37,144 928
(85) (16,268)
(31) (19,578)
(759) (145,250)
(11,646) (11,646) (3) (3)
(11,646) (3)
Investing activities
141 (141)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of investments in equity instruments Acquisitions of subsidiaries or other businesses
Net decrease in short-term loans receivable Other–net
Net cash used in investing activities
(11,682) 200
(13,685) 107
(104,304) 1,786
Thousands of U.S. Dollars Equity attributable to owners of the parent
(836) (23,850)
362,821 362,821
362,821 (29,545)
(1,625) 361,188
of equity
(29,545) (29,545)
333,277 8,286
(0) (1,625)
(29,545) 331,643 8,286
(1,259)
¥
0
(0) 39,278 (0) (6,059) (0) 33,219
Profit before tax
Depreciation and amortization
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of loss on equity method
Increase in trade receivables
Increase in inventories
(Decrease) increase in trade payables
Decrease/increase in consumption taxes receivable/payable Decrease (increase) in asset for retirement benefits (Decrease) increase in advance received
Increase in accrued bonuses
Other–net
Subtotal
Interest and dividend received
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by operating activities
¥ 48,946 12,381
¥57,809 12,110
$ 437,018 110,545
40,453
817
7,295

                                      89
90
