As a healthcare company, we strive to increase quality and ensure the stable supply of products and services.

Instilling confidence in its customers and business part- ners has been a matter of importance at Sysmex since
the time of its founding. Our products are used in clinical testing, so they play a vital role in protecting people’s lives and health. Being fully aware of this important responsibil- ity, Sysmex has put in place systems to ensure product and service quality, safety, and stable provision.
For instance, we have established the Vigilance Division to cultivate the sharing of information with the aim of augmenting product quality and safety. This division investigates and analyzes such information from custom- ers, and feeds their analysis results to relevant customers while also sharing them with design, manufacturing and other related functions, so that these findings may be ap- plied to quality improvement and product development.
Delivering high-quality products to customers in a stable manner requires the cooperation of our business part- ners. Sysmex has formulated a Procurement Policy, which outlines the Company’s fundamental perspective on selecting business partners and engaging in procurement transactions. We are building a value chain in accordance with this policy. In addition, we are working to reinforce our relationships with business partners so that transac- tions are based on their understanding of Sysmex’s busi- ness directions and procurement policy. Also, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, we conducted CSR surveys of 280 existing business partners to confirm the status of their CSR activities.

Constructing a Stable Supply System
If testing is interrupted, physicians may become unable to accurately diagnose patients. For this reason, it is essential to ensure a stable supply of reagents, which are used each time a test is conducted. To prevent reagent supplies from being interrupted even in the event of emergency, we are reinforcing overseas production and dispersing risk by increasing the number of suppliers of key ingredients. At the same time, we are building a system through which factories can provide supplies to each other in emergencies. We have created an internal BCP manual on product supply and conduct simulation training.