Enhancing Corporate Value
Sysmex Report 2017
Realization of an Attractive Workplace
Sysmex is working to develop diverse human resources and create an attractive and pleasant working environment.
Category
2015.3 2016.3 6.5 8.3
2017.3 8.8
Realization of an Attractive Workplace
Promoting Global Human Resource Development
To encourage the employment of women, we have
put in place a host of leave systems to support a balance between work and child-rearing, as well as a work-at-home system, and opened an in-house daycare center. As a result, the number of female managers at Sysmex Corporation has risen to 8.8% (up 2.3 percentage points over two years). For the Group as a whole, this figure has grown to 16.2%, up 4.6 percentage points over the same period.
Sysmex considers human resources an important management resource for achieving sustainable growth, and invests in the recruitment and cultivation of diverse human resources. Our human resource development system is designed to develop skills in an ongoing, planned manner. We promote diversity and inclusion, and we have introduced various systems aimed at making the workplace more motivating. We strive to create a working environment that maximizes the skills of diverse human resources and pro- vides individual employees with opportunities for growth.
Throughout the Group, Sysmex has around 8,000 employees, with overseas employees accounting for more than 55% of this total. We are a global company, with Group companies operating in more than 40 countries.
To promote this globalization and provide opportunities
for growth to employees around the world, in the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2015, we formulated a global
human resource development system to facilitate human resource development throughout the Group. In the same year, Sysmex opened the Global Communication Center
in Japan, as a place for human resource development and exchange. We are promoting initiatives to enhance a sense of unity within the Group, develop next-generation human resources, strengthen networks within the Group and foster cultural understanding.
Sysmex is also introducing barrier-free facilities in
an effort to provide a comfortable working environment for people with disabilities. In April 2017, we established Sysmex Harmony Co., Ltd., as a new company to promote the employment of people with disabilities and realize an inclusive society.
Kids Park, our in-house daycare center
Through these initiatives, in line with the positioning of our long-term management targets, we aim to be “an attractive company providing value and confidence” to our employees and other stakeholders.
Creating a Working Environment That Maximizes Skills (Third-Party Evaluations)
Initiatives Targeting Global Human Resource Exchanges

“Great Place to Work”
In 2012, we introduced a Global Exchange Program to promote interaction among human resources throughout the Group. Employees engage in dialogue about the “Sysmex Way,” introduce their regions and visit customers together. These activities help promote mutual understanding and foster a sense of Group unity. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, 20 employees from 11 countries visited Japan as part of this program.
Sysmex Europe (2012, 2014, 2016) Sysmex Brazil (2014)
Comment from a Participant
Sysmex Asia Pacific (2015, 2016) Sysmex Malaysia (2016)
“Interacting with Sysmex employees from around the world was a great opportunity to deepen my understanding of the Sysmex Way and global business developments.”

We received the top-level (Level 3) “Eruboshi” mark for promotion of women’s participation and advancement in the workplace.
Sysmex Corporation (2016)
Andres Camperos Sysmex Colombia

In 2017, we were recognized for excellence in health management in the large company division (White 500).
Sysmex Corporation (2017)
Promoting Diversity
(%)
As part of its initiatives respecting diversity, Sysmex aims to create a working environment that makes the most of individual employees’ capabilities without regard to nationality, race, gender, or physical disability.
Percentage of Female Managers (Director Level
or Above)
Sysmex Corporation Overall Group
11.6 14.3
16.2
To create a working environment amenable to diverse human re- sources, we support work-life balance in regions around the world. Employee satisfaction has risen as a result, and we are highly rated from outside the Company.

“Companies That Care Honor Roll,” a ranking of companies that
contribute to the welfare of employees, their families and the local community Sysmex America (2009–2017)

A good company to work for, “HR Asia Best Companies to Work for in Asia 2015”

Nikkei ranking of “Companies that Motivate People”
Sysmex Corporation (2016) had an overall ranking of 27th out of 462 companies.
Sysmex 