ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Coexisting with Communities
  The UBE Group engages in social contribution initiatives that contribute to local progress in keeping with the spirit of coexistence and mutual prosperity that is the basis of its CSR activities and management philosophy and in line with an aware- ness that close ties with communities are essential for corporate activities.
 Responsible Care (RC)* Local Dialogue Meetings
Our chemical factories are members of the Japan Chemical Industry Association (JCIA) RC Committee in the western Yamaguchi, Sakai/Senboku, and Chiba regions. JCIA member companies hold bien- nial RC Local Dialogue Meetings in each of the com- mittee’s regions to deepen mutual understanding with local residents about such RC activities as envi- ronmental preservation, process safety and disaster prevention, and occupational safety. The 12th RC Local Dialogue Meeting was held in the Chiba region in fiscal 2018. After reviewing their activities through- out the year, member companies exchanged views with residents on the topic of corporate environmen- tal preservation and process safety and disaster
The 12th RC Local Dialogue Meeting in the Chiba region
The 15th RC Dialogue Forum in the Ube district
prevention. There was also a lecture by the Fire Prevention and Management Division of Chiba Prefec- ture’s Disaster Crisis Management Division about the prefecture’s readiness for major disasters.
To create a significant opportunity each year for engagement between industry, government, aca- demia, and local residents, JCIA member companies in the city of Ube, which is home to UBE’s principal production facilities, hold dialogue forums for the Ube district in years in which they are not convening RC Local Dialogue Meetings in the western Yamaguchi region. The 15th RC Dialogue Forum in November 2018 featured explanations of the activities of mem- ber companies in Ube City and exchanges of views with participants regarding chemical substance man- agement and zero waste emissions. The JCIA RC Committee lectured on RC activities and communica- tion initiatives, while the Ube City Environmental Policy Office discussed municipal environmental initiatives.
We will continue to focus on local dialogue and maintain RC activities to foster coexistence and mutual prosperity with communities.
Support for Culture and the Arts in Japan
UBE provides financial and personnel support for the activities of the UBE Foundation and the Watanabe Memorial Culture Association. Since fiscal 2008, we have invited the Japan Philharmonic Orchestra to per- form in the UBE Group Charity Concert in Ube City. We have taken advantage of these visits to hold small performances at hospitals in the city.
All proceeds from the concert are used to pur- chase and donate musical instruments to junior high schools and local music organizations.
   52
Glossary
11th annual UBE Group Charity Concert performance at the Watanabe Memorial Hall
* Responsible Care (RC): Under RC, corporations that handle chemical substances voluntarily preserve the environment, safety, and health throughout product lifecycles, from the development of chemicals through their manufacture, distribution, use, and final consumption to disposal and/or recycling, and communicate and engage with society by disclosing activity outcomes.
Corporate Citizenship
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal (UCE) in Spain
This past year we celebrated the 50th anniversary of our caprolactam plant in Castellón and signifi- cantly developed the activities of the Volunteer Promotion Group.
To help commemorate the anniversary, we organized “Conversations with Good Chemistry” in June to discuss the future of our sector with the Rector of Castellón University, the President of the Valencia Region, the UBE Chairman, and the UCE President. In addition, in November we participated in the “Hafu festival,” which was held in the open area of Castellón Port. The festival was open to the general public, and we offered such activities as workshops for children and culinary exhibits. Also, we conducted a bus tour of the plant for 35 external visitors from five civil associations in Castellón. We concluded the celebration with a free concert by the flamenco singer Estrella Morente.
The Volunteer Promotion Group organized
a Tree Planting Campaign and supported the International Trail Course Race, a Toy Collection Campaign, the third Charity Race against Cancer, and a visit to the Red Cross Warehouse.
Corporate Citizenship
UBE Group in Thailand (See note)
CSR activities of the UBE Group in Thailand are guided by a commitment to being a good corpo- rate citizen with continuous emphasis on social responsibility. Its initiatives center on maintaining occupational safety and health, protecting the environment, ensuring compliance, and engaging with communities.
In December 2018, we achieved a record of
40 million hours free of accidents requiring time off from work. This was the fruit of ongoing efforts to maintain occupational safety and health. We com- memorated this milestone by distributing sphygmo- manometers to encourage employees to manage their health. Since 2014, we have pursued ongoing efforts to protect the region’s environment. Our fourth initiative was to build a dam on February 16 and 17, 2019, in Khao Chamao-Khao Wong National Park in Rayong to improve the habitat for wildlife.
We will continue to undertake initiatives in keep- ing with activity guidelines in our drive to become a better corporate citizen.
Note: UBE Chemicals (Asia) Public Company Limited THAI SYNTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED UBE Fine Chemicals (Asia) Co., Ltd.
UBE Technical Center (Asia) Limited
RAYONG FERTILIZER TRADING CO., LTD. UBE (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Presentation to employees to commemorate 40 million hours free of accidents requiring time off from work
Participants building a dam at Khao Chamao-Khao Wong National Park
  “Conversations with Good Chemistry” during the 50th anniversary of the caprolactam plant in Spain
  Flamenco singer Estrella Morente performs as the final event of the 50th anniversary
53