ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Environment and Safety Management
 The UBE Group has made safeguarding the environment, safety, and health top priorities so it can provide products and services that contribute to better lives and achieve solid and sustainable growth.
We defined priority environmental and safety measures under our Environmental and Safety Guidelines to reflect the activities of business sites and partner companies.
   UBE Environmental and Safety Guidelines
We will make it our shared value to prioritize safety in everything we do, realizing safety and security in the workplace and local communities, and conserving the global environment.
(1) We will secure healthy, safe and comfortable working conditions, aiming to eliminate occupational accidents.
(2) We will ensure the safety and security of facilities and operations, aiming to eliminate facilities accidents.
(3) We will reduce our emissions of waste and chemical substances, and practice recycling and suitably dispose of waste.
(4) We will voluntarily and continuously work to address global warming in order to contribute to a sustainable society.
(5) We will strive to maintain and improve the health of working persons, who give vitality to society and corporations.
Published on April 1, 2019
Environmental and Safety Organization
The President and CEO chairs the Strategic Man- agement Meeting, whose agenda encompasses discussing and determining environmental and safety policies and measures (occupational safety and health, process safety and disaster prevention, and environmental prevention). The Group High-Pressure Gas Safety (HPGS) Committee functions in lockstep with the Strategic Management Meeting, discuss- ing and determining key process safety manage- ment issues at certified sites for high-pressure gas, and serves as the process safety headquarters prescribed in a ministerial order relating to HPGS.
Environmental Safety Measures
Structure of Environment and Safety-Related Meetings and Committees
Strategic Management Meeting (Environment and Safety)
Chairman: President and CEO
 Secretariat
ES Department
Chemicals Company ES Department
Construction Materials Company ES Department
ES Division of Machinery Company / UBE Machinery Corporation, Ltd.
Group HPGS Committee Chairman: President and CEO
  Secretariat
ES Department
Head Office Audit of Process Safety Management System
Head Office Audit of Inspection Management Organization
 Responsible Care Activities Plans and Achievements Pages 1–2 of the 2019 Integrated Report Supple- mentary Information (Environment and Safety) presents activities plans and results for fiscal 2018.
Glossary
We engage in RC* activities through plan–do–check–act (PDCA) cycles in all businesses to drive continual improvements in areas related to occupational safety and health, process safety and disaster prevention, and environmental preservation.
 Policy deliberations and decisions: The Strategic Management Meeting discusses and determines Companywide measures, based on which each Company formulates annual activity goals and schedules.
Plan
    Act
Review: We improve areas in which we have identified issues and reflect progress with improvements in measures for the following fiscal year.
Check: We audit and inspect activity progress and identify concerns.
Annual RC Activities PDCA Cycle
Check
Do A
Implementation:
P Facilities D
   54