Building Value to Materialize Sustainable Growth
Materiality: Driving Stable Growth for the Chemical Business
Chemical Business Driving Stable Growth for the UBE Group
The UBE Group has positioned the stable expansion of the chemical business, a Group growth driver, as a materiality issue. We practice the UBE Management Philosophy—Pursue technology and embrace innovation to create value for the future and contribute to social progress—by creating products that societies need. In the process, we take advantage of our technological and human resources strengths and our solid customer base.
         A key strength of our chemical business is synthetic technologies that we have cultivated since our foundation. This business has inno- vated numerous products with global growth potentials, including in nylon, synthetic rubber, battery materials, high-performance coatings, and polyimide. Such offerings will continue to drive the Group’s growth.
We have set up chemical production sites overseas, including in Thailand and Spain. We have also deployed our outstanding proprietary technologies cultivated in Ube at overseas businesses in keeping with strategies that match regional needs. Each business runs its own produc- tion sites and has systems in place to supply customers the world over.
Products created with our technological prowess and global supply structure contribute in various ways to conserving energy, producing lighter and longer-lasting products, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and enhancing convenience. They also help to resolve global warming, health- care, food, and other issues and contribute to recycling-oriented societies.
Examples of Products with Global Growth Potential Nylon
(Japan, Thailand, and Spain)
Spain
UBE Corporation Europe, S.A. Unipersonal
Manufacture and sales of caprolac- tam, ammonium sulfate, nylon, and fine chemical products
                   Nylon is used in everything from apparel and food packaging film to automotive components. Key advantages of our nylon resins are stable quality stemming from proprietary continuous polymerization and superior product deve- lopment capabilities. Quality consistency is particularly important in food packaging film, and our ability to develop various grades of components in line with customer requirements is highly valued in the automotive industry.
                                           26
         Global Network
(Major Production Sites)
Polyimide
(Japan)
Polyimide is a highly
heat-resistant super engineering plastic.
The UBE Group’s offerings are made from BPDA using integrated production and thermal imidization processes.
They are highly regarded for their heat resistance and dimension stability.
They are used extensively in various electronic devices, and should contribute much to advances with ICT and the Internet of Things (IoT).
Separators (for LiBs)
(Japan)
We manufacture separators, which are key components in LiBs, notably for electric vehicles (EVs).
The UBE Group is one of a very few to manufacture separators using dry processes.
These separators excel in applications requiring superior safety and high output.
We will reinforce our production capabilities in line with the expansion
of EVs and other types of EV markets, principally through our core, safety-enhancing coated separator films.
High-Performance Coatings (Japan, Thailand, and Spain)
We manufacture PCD, PUD, and other
raw materials for highly durable artificial leather, eco-friendly automotive coatings, and other applications.
We will accelerate global developments by entering new markets and delivering
customer solutions.
  Europe
Spain
Japan
 China
Thailand Malaysia
Asia                           Thailand
  UBE Chemicals (Asia) Public Company Limited
THAI SYNTHETIC RUBBERS COMPANY LIMITED
UBE Fine Chemicals (Asia) Co., Ltd.
Manufacture and sales of caprolactam, ammonium sulfate, nylon, synthetic rubber, and fine chemical products
Synthetic Rubber (polybutadiene rubber)
(Japan, Thailand, China, and Malaysia)
          Polybutadiene rubber is a highly abrasion-resistant rubber. The UBE Group’s polybutadiene rubber is a top-quality cobalt-catalyzed rubber, mainly for tires. In recent years, applications for our offering have extended to low-fuel-consumption tires.
Our strengths are our ability to cater technologically to the advanced requirements of tire manufacturers and the added value we deliver through joint development.
                                                   27