ESG: Underpinning Value Creation and Sustainable Growth
Human Resources
   At the UBE Group, we consider employees our most important resource for cre- ating value and supporting sustainable growth. We therefore devote considerable attention to human resources development and endeavor to enhance our programs to ensure that all employees can lead fulfilling lives.
Personnel System
UBE maintains a personnel system in which it clari- fies what it expects of employees and impartially evaluates individual effort. We seek to ensure that employees therefore fully understand what they need to do and create workplaces that are chal- lenging and motivating for all our employees.
Enhancing Work Style Reform
Work style reform is an important management priority. We are accordingly reviewing Company- wide approaches to ensure high productivity and enhance the skills of all employees. We have implemented programs and develop the working environment that allow employees to work with flexibility as part of our commitment to encouraging a healthy work–life balance for our employees.
       Employees
Expected roles
Self-driven and personally responsible
Establish a vision
Human resources ideal
Company
Abilities management
Usage of Main Work–Life Balance System (Fiscal 2018)
Number of
Employees Who Used It
92 80.0% of those eligible
72 including 69 men
0
4 including 1 man
25 including 1 man
   Human Resources Development
System
Childbirth leave
Childcare leave
Family nursing leave
Child nursing leave
Shortened working time
Description
Employees whose spouses have given birth can take four days of paid leave.
Leave can be taken until the day before the child’s first birthday (or
the child’s second birthday, in certain circumstances).
The first seven days of leave are fully paid.
Employees can take leave to provide nursing care for family members (up to a total of 365 days).
Employees can take leave to nurse children in the third grade of elemen- tary school or younger. (Five days per child can be taken each year, up to a maximum of 10 days a year.)
The working hours of employees caring for children in the third grade of elementary school or younger, nursing family members, seeing a doctor, and going to school can be shortened by up to two hours per day on request.
We augment on-the-job training, workshops and other off-the-job training, and self-improvement support programs with systems that empower our employees to perform at their best in an array of businesses and in an increasingly global operating climate. A good example is the Career Develop- ment Sheets that employees prepare every year, based on which they can discuss their prospects with supervisors. We rotate employees through posts to broaden their perspectives and expertise. We upgrade off-the-job training, including work- shops, in keeping with specific business needs to keep pace with changes in the operating climate.
Respect for Human Rights
The UBE Group Action Guidelines for Business Conduct state our commitment to respecting indi- viduals while fostering mutual understanding and eliminating discrimination. We established the Human Rights Education Committee, which offers executive training and training opportunities to employees by business site and job classification and draws on e-learning tools in its programs. All members of the Group endeavor to fully respect human rights in every aspect of our operations.
Annual Paid Vacation Usage
70%
78% 74%
      64%
67%
 50
2014 2015 2016
2017
2018 (FY)
Diversity Initiatives
Diversity is a key priority for UBE’s management. We accordingly seek to build a corporate culture that respects individuality and broad perspectives and treasures creativity and ambition.
We endeavor to attract and retain diverse talent as part of efforts to overcome the looming challenges of a declining labor force and a changing business climate.
We recruit people from a wide range of backgrounds without regard to such factors as nationality or gender and provide work environ- ments in which they can fulfill their potential.
Percentage of Employees with Disabilities
(%)
Statutory rate 2.0
2014 2015
2.41 2.44
2016 2017
2.39
Statutory rate
has been changed to 2.2 since FY2018
2018 (FY)
 2.18 2.08
  Hiring Breakdown
Fiscal Year
New graduate hires (generalist positions)
New graduate hires
(key employee positions)
Mid-career hires Hires with disabilities
Hires of non-Japanese nationals
Number of People
2016 2017 2018
  42 (9) 46
43 (5) 63
34 (2) 12 2 (0) 2
1 (1) 2
(10) 37 (9)
(9) 30 (2)
(1) 57 (3) (1) 2 (0)
(2) 1 (1)
A workshop for learning about the employment of people with disabilities
Addressing the Gender Gap
As of March 31, 2019, 7.5% of parent company employees were women, up from 7.3% a year earlier. Females represented 2.4% of our manage- ment pool, up from 1.5% a year earlier. In fiscal 2019, we launched a three-year action plan based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace. The plan encompasses the following three benchmarks
to realize more flexible working styles and provide greater opportunities for female employees.
(1) A paid vacation usage rate of 80% or more
(2) At least 70% of eligible male employees taking
childcare leave
(3) Women representing at least 20% of new
graduate hires for generalist positions
As part of our efforts to be more inclusive for
women, we have increased the number of female employees at our factories and overseas. Women are increasingly vital to our operations.
     Numbers in parentheses are the number of female hires.
Employee Turnover in First Three Years
Joined in April 2014 4% Joined in April 2015 3% Joined in April 2016 6%
Employing Non-Japanese Nationals
Our domestic employees need to engage increasingly with their overseas colleagues amid the increasingly global nature of our business, and we accordingly hire foreign nationals to work in Japan so Japanese can acquaint themselves with different business and cultural practices.
Rehiring Retirees
We are making our workplaces more conducive to rehiring employees as seniors or managers who have reached the standard retirement age so they can continue to share their experience and skills. We rehired 90.7% of new retirees in fiscal 2018.
Recruiting People with Disabilities
We do much to foster the employment of people with disabilities, and maintain the UBE Group Support Network for Employment of People
with Disabilities. Through it, we place individuals within the Group through Libertas Ube, Ltd., a special-purpose subsidiary that we established in 1991.
A female employee checking the facility inspection at the Chiba Factory
     51