Our Growth Strategies
Future Initiatives to Address Business Issues: Aiming to Enhance
Changes in the business environment and business issues
In recent years in Japan, the population is aging rapidly and there are growing concerns about labor shortages and senior care. In addition, people have become more conscious of food safety and reliability. Additionally, due to the coronavirus pandemic, hygiene and cleanliness have also been the subject of close scrutiny, a trend which has led to greater expectations for products and services that respond to a range of cleanliness and hygiene needs. Further, due to an increased number of people working at home and changes in work practices, daily life patterns have changed — in turn generating needs for digitizing a system to provide customers with information they want, as well as new distribution needs including deliveries and takeout. Taking these changes in our business environment as growth opportunities, we are moving forward with strategies that highlight the Duskin’s strengths of our franchisees, which are deeply rooted in our community, and a variety of customer touchpoints.
Remaining sensitive to changing customer needs, we continue to deliver products and services — from the perspective of information and distribution.
Future initiatives: four strategic themes
 Expanding existing businesses
Optimizing business portfolios and boosting the value chain
• Focusing investment on strategic businesses through portfolio analyses and reviews; withdrawal from unprofitable businesses
• Reforming information and distribution systems by pursuing digital transformation strategies
• Expanding on our areas of business and improving profitability by bringing new products and services to market designed to
address market environment and customer needs
 Investment in new growth opportunities
Growth strategies through new value creation in line with future projections • Carrying out growth strategies via M&As and investment in venture companies
3.3/3.8 8.2
Economic Value
Specific initiatives
—Leading the way in creating clean and healthy environments
In helping customers to fine-tune their daily lives with our products and services and matching the rhythm of their living and working environments, the Direct Selling Group focuses on the following three areas.
• Hygiene: Duskin’s development will be focused on four categories of significant customer
needs. Firstly, we are seeking to expand upon our lineup of daily-use hygiene products.
Our next step is to improve our core products of mops and mats to make them more 55%
SDG targets
  KPI (Targets for the end of FY2023)
• Number of new locations in the Care Service businesses: 206
(2,699 locations by the end of FY2020)
• Number of new locations in the Senior Care business: 84
(256 locations by the end of FY2020)
    hygienic and imbue them with virus-neutralizing qualities. We are also boosting development of products and services meeting the needs of today’s society, including hygiene service packages combining optimal products and services, such as for Event Hygiene Services.
• Ratio for hygiene and cleanliness sector sales:    Information
Products Services
Distribution
    Implementing structural reform and establishing a solid foundation
Investment in new growth opportunities and solidifying our foundations to develop existing business
• Forging an optimal organization and business struc-
ture to achieve both companywide and business-spe-
cific strategy covering all types of business
• Tighten profitability control in each business segment
as well as appropriate allocation of business resources
 Coexistence with local communities Proactive initiatives on ESG and SDGs
• Implementing the concept of Creating Shared Value
(CSV) through the resolution of economic, social and
environmental issues by way of our business
• Reinforcing governance to achieve a multiplier effect
between economic, social and environmental value
Investment in new growth opportunities
studying tie-ups with specialized delivery companies as well as the feasibility of opening specialized takeout stores.
We are aiming for building new markets and new systems in order to address a range of customer issues including lack of nearby locations, lack of products customers want and being forced to wait, from the perspectives of information and distribution.
Showcase doors installed at the cafeteria-type locations
• Work-life management: Our customers have expressed increased needs in certain areas due to the coronavirus pandemic, including the desire to make the most of their time at home, as well as to improve efficiency of work and family life. In order to meet these needs, we are working hard to develop services that involve much more than cleaning and helper services.
• Senior support: Drawing on the know-how we have in the nursing-care item rental services and nursing-care service fields, we provide continuously updated services to help ensure that seniors can lead the lives they want to live.
Event Hygiene Services
(In addition to event planning and operations, we facilitate hygiene and cleanliness control for entire venues.)
   —Assessing changing and diversifying customer needs
 The Food Group is developing stricter hygiene control measures in our shops and restau-
rants, and expanding delivery services to address takeout demand. The group is also
improving online ordering services such that customers can access the system more
frequently and regularly. As for Mister Donut, we plan to have more kitchenless shops
primarily in metropolitan areas, via a central kitchen, as well as drive-through shops. In
addition, we are moving ahead with research on locker-style drop boxes. In other food
businesses, in view of realizing new ways of delivering our 635 products to customers to meet their requests, we are
• Shops and restaurants offering delivery services:
• Ratio of online order sales in total sales: 8%
We are taking steps to streamline our business operations such as the use of the Shared
Services Center incorporating RPA and other information technology. At the same time, we
are considering financial strategies that take an aggressive approach to investment for
growth and moving forward with cash flow management in light of capitalization costs. We Code are also focusing on addressing the revised Corporate Governance Code and preparing for      —Doing our part for developing a more sustainable society
  24 CORPORATE REPORT 2021
CORPORATE REPORT 2021 25
Expanding existing businesses
 Coexistence with local communities
how we will be categorized in the Tokyo Stock Exchange by structuring better governance systems.
Duskin is determined to do its part for the development of a sustainable society that strives to achieve the SDGs and also to raise corporate value. To move forward on these objectives, we are working toward Creating Shared Value (CSV) with a view to resolving economic, social and environmental issues through our business — even during the coronavirus pandemic. And at the same time, we will improve our corporate governance to generate value for everyone by solving problems in these three areas.
• Improving total shareholder return (TSR)
• To be selected by the Government Pension Investment Fund as meeting all ESG stock indices.
• Addressing the revised Corporate Governance
 Implementing structural reform and establishing a solid foundation