Aiming to Enhance Social Value
Duskin is both a corporation and a member of the local community. Guided by our slogan sowing the seeds of joy, we engage in all kinds of activities dedicated to bringing people together and fostering partnerships with local communities. Moreover, we actively strive for a diverse workforce and a better work environment that enables each and every employee to achieve their full potential, work with enthusiasm and a sense of purpose, stay healthy and keep better lifework balance.
In Partnership with Local Communities and Suppliers
SDG targets
4.1 9.4 11.7/11.a
 Partnerships with local government
In July 2021, Duskin concluded a comprehensive partnership agreement with Osaka Prefecture. While efforts are being made in every direction to revitalize local regions by supporting unique and appealing local communities, this agreement further strengthens the partnership and collaboration between Osaka Prefecture and Duskin. The partnership will address seven areas — health, childcare and welfare, community revitalization, diversity and employment, safety and security, the environment and government PR — and focus on revitalizing communities and improving prefectural resident services.
Future partnership priorities
• Prevent infection and raise awareness of coronavirus and other infectious diseases • Promote food safety and security in line with HACCP hygiene management
• Promote goods produced in Osaka Prefecture
Osaka Prefectural Governor Yoshimura and President Yamamura
   Social needs and challenges
• Population decline due to an aging society; movement toward revitalization of local communities
• Focus on safety and quality of products and services; lifestyle changes
Materiality
Coexistence and co-prosperity with communities
Providing safe, reliable and sustainable products and services
   Risks and opportunities
• Deteriorating relationship with local communities due to insufficient communication
• Product supply disruption and quality deterioration arising from supply chain problems
• Contribution to regional safety, security and economic invigoration
• Procurement risk management and closer partnerships
Targets for the end of FY2023
• 500 on-site lessons annually; 25 school teacher seminars annually
• Comprehensive partnership agreement with Osaka Prefecture
• Rate of periodic inspections at contracted food processing plants: maintaining 100%
• Completing BCPs for Direct Selling Group products
Prospering Together with the Community
Duskin contributes to safe and secure communities and revitalizing local economies. We conduct on-site lessons for teaching children the importance of cleaning and collaborate with local governments on infection prevention and hygiene management, child and elderly welfare and locally produced goods.
Providing Safe, Reliable and Sustainable Products and Services
To ensure that we provide customers and consumers with safe and reliable products and services, we have built and put into practice a complete quality control system based on our Quality Policy. Also, to ensure stable procurement, we make an effort to strengthen our partnerships with suppliers and employ such strategies as purchasing goods from multiple suppliers and identifying sources for purchasing substitute goods.
For details about our Quality Policy, please refer to the following web page. (Available in Japanese only)
https://www.duskin.co.jp/sus/safety/philosophy/
Quality assurance framework
To ensure that all our products and services are safe and reliable, we have established a quality assurance framework that covers all products from development to after launch. We have also set up the Quality Assurance & Environment Committee, which meets twice a year to deliberate on the guidelines of quality control and assurance and the environment.
During the development phase prior to launch, the safety and reliability of products and services are objectively reviewed at the development meetings. For the development of food products and services and their specification changes, internal rules require that we ensure their safety at a meeting of the Food Safety Council. Following a launch, we conduct quality checks on products in distribution.Customers and consumersProvide safe, reliable and environmentally friendly products and services
 Development meetings, Food Safety Council
 Direct Selling Group Contact Center
Food Group Customer Center
Supporting local schools and education
Since 2000, Duskin has carried out research motivated by our conviction that cleaning can help develop the abilities of children. We have made publicly available an elementaryand middle-school cleaning education curriculum and hold seminars for teachers about this research, and we conduct on-site classes at elementary schools on the importance of cleaning.
In FY2020, with the expansion of the GIGA School Program and the impact of the spread of the novel coronavirus, Duskin opened an instructional website dedicated to cleaning education for children. The instructional content can be taught in every elementary school grade and is especially relevant to the home economics taught to fifth-grade students.
https://www.duskin.co.jp/torikumi/gakko/kids/
Planning
Improve
Quality control for product development
Quality control for production
Quality control for purchasing
Quality control for distribution
Quality control for delivery
   40 CORPORATE REPORT 2021
CORPORATE REPORT 2021 41
On-site class on the importance of cleaning
Environmental conservation efforts
Develop products and services to fulfill
Quality Assurance & Risk Management Dept.
Supervise the quality control by each business line, monitor the safety and reliability of products and services and evaluate products and services from the viewpoints of customers

For the contracted plants manufacturing our products, we conduct several types of inspections, including comprehensive qualification for new contractors, inspection of their production operation and periodic inspections of all contractors, as part of our efforts for continuous improvement. Our inspection specialists for food processing plants conduct extensive quality inspections, including facility management, process management, sanitary management and production management. All plants are evaluated and ranked by the results of inspections and other evaluation items. Periodic inspections are conducted regularly (approximately once in every three years) depending on the plants’ rankings.
During FY2020, we conducted first-time inspections at 3 plants and periodic inspections at 24 plants.

With the higher frequency of heavy rains, typhoons and other extremely severe disasters in recent years, building a strong supply chain with disaster resilience has become ever more important. In preparation for the risk of temporary product supply disruptions due to damage to a Duskin product manufacturer from natural disasters, we have developed a contingency plan for the mainstay products in our dust control business, which would incur a particularly large impact.
• Continuity planning policy
1. Purchase goods from several suppliers
2. Check if direct suppliers are implementing their continuity plans
3. Identify similar products and alternatives that can serve as substitutes in an emergency

Negative impacts on the environment arising from the use of palm oil refined from oil palm fruit has been a growing concern in the world, because the development of oil palm plantations destroys tropical rainforests. When Duskin uses these kinds of raw materials, we establish a procurement network with the partnered suppliers to ensure fair and legitimate business practices.
In addition to three international standards – namely ISO 9001 Quality Management Systems, ISO 22000 Food Safety Management Systems and ISO 14001 Environmental Management Systems, all our partner plants have obtained HACCP certification. Apart from these initiatives, the plants also focus on hygiene and sanitation control through different initiatives on a monthly basis, such as the 5S activities: Sort,
Set-in-order, Shine, Sanitation, and Sustain discipline, as well as safety and sanitation training programs. Furthermore, Duskin has established voluntarily imposed standards for waste-water treatment that are stricter than those set by governments. The plants collect and retain data from voluntary inspections to monitor water quality as part of their endeavors to preserve the natural environment.
