Supporting Employees’ Growth and Career Development
Duskin offers various types of education and training to develop personnel to fully understand the philosophy of Prayerful Management and reflect it in their daily business practices. We conduct level-specific training for employees, including new hires, to teach the knowledge and skills required to effectively perform their duties; we also focus on training Area Managers, who support our franchise owners and energize the franchise network. In addition, we encourage employees to develop themselves through attaining publicly recognized qualifications and taking correspondence courses.

Goals of career development training
• Help employees renew their awareness of their roles and abilities, and their contribution to the company. Raise the awareness of next generation leaders.
• Create a climate in which women have a sense of fulfillment and feel encouraged to play active roles to utilize their perspectives. Improve the work environment by empowering those in managerial positions. Nurture the sensitivity of all employees so that they understand and respond to the diverse needs of the market.

At Duskin people are the foundation for every service we provide. With that in mind, our human resource education and training recognizes that we need people with compassionate hearts as well as knowledge and skill if we are to remain valuable to the customers we serve. We asked three employees who joined the company around a decade ago to give us their thoughts about what it means to work at Duskin, about company culture and about the workplace environment. They engaged in a frank discussion about their career vision for the years ahead.
Q1. Tell us about your careers so far and your career vision for the years ahead.
 Fujioka
Numada
Matsue
Fujioka
Matsue
Numada
I joined Duskin in 2011, and I started out in the Mister Donut Business Group. For eight years I moved around the country, working first as an assistant shop manager and then as a shop manager. Then, two years ago, my dream came true when I was transferred to the Information Systems office. Back when I was job hunting I would sometimes go to a Mister Donut, and I was surprised by how the staff would go around the room giving refills and by their excellent hospitality. That experience got me interested in Duskin, and I decided that I wanted to try working at Mister Donut. I joined Duskin in 2013, and the whole time since I have moved through production-related positions. For my first three years, I worked on the factory floor in the Production department at the Yokohama Central Plant, where I worked on product processing. In my fourth year, I was assigned to my present position in the Technology department of Production & Logistics, and I have been working in the same department since that time. At university, I studied environmental-related fields, and I have always been interested in cleaning, and I wanted to work at Duskin because of my science background. I think working in Production & Logistics, where the work is related to environmental matters such as waste and wastewater processing, has fulfilled that wish.
I joined Duskin in 2011, the same year as Mr. Fujioka. I spent my student years in Tokyo. At the time, Duskin had a very strong image as a donut company located in Osaka, and I wanted to work there because I thought it would be interesting. When I joined the company, I was assigned to the Clean & Care Business Group (now the Direct Selling Group). For two years, I worked as a sales rep doing rental mop and mat replacement and serving customers and then engaged in a sales office management. After that, I worked on things like organization development and on various system development projects and as a business development manager who supports franchise operations. Then, in 2021, I was transferred to the Health & Beauty Division’s Planning & Operation. My near-term goal is to make the Mister Donut online ordering system easier to use and convenient. We introduced the system in 2021, but for shops to take online orders they also need to manage their inventory. We don’t make products after receiving an order like other chains, so it’s very important that shop staff have strong management skills. Improving customer convenience is important, of course, but we are also working on making the system easy for shop staff to operate. At the Clean Service Division of the Direct Selling Group, people in charge of development and people in charge of procurement were in separate sections. But in Health & Beauty, a relatively smaller division, we are involved in every phase, from development to procurement and sales, so there’s strong motivation to be involved with a single product from start to finish. I’m interested in product development, so some day I want to try and create a unique product.
My experience so far has been limited to work areas in Production &
Logistics, so I want to build up experience in Duskin’s various other
business divisions. On the other hand, we need to retain the kind of
expertise and skills possessed by re-employed staff who have reached
retirement age and so I’m also interested in the Professional Track under
the new personnel system. I want to think about my future career vision,
including utilizing my science skills as well as the option of polishing my
skills as a professional.

What do you think about Duskin as a corporation from a social perspective? And what is the appeal of working at Duskin?


Matsue
The number of two-income households is rapidly increasing, and that includes me. So you can really sense the rising demand for household cleaning services like Merry Maids. It’s part of life, Mister Donut included.
We have an 18-month old child, so we rented a baby crib from Rent-All. I experienced myself that renting is perfect for a baby crib. Also, when we were caring for grandmother at her home, we rented a nursing bed from Health Rent. Recently, my father did a rental mop contract, and when I look at things from the customer’s perspective, I realize that Duskin is a company that serves people of every age, from infants to the elderly.
I thought about how I would explain what kind of company Duskin is without mentioning the company name. Besides the cleaning product rental business, it has Mister Donut and other food businesses, and it also has Health Rent and other caregiving-related businesses that
address social needs. I think the appeal of Duskin is that it is a company with a wide range
of businesses that connect to society in many different ways.
In our company, both male and female employees frequently transfer and relocate, and that means there are ample opportunities to gain all kinds of experience. When one transfers to a different business division, it’s just like coming to a different company — even though it is the same company — because it has different ways of thinking and working. I think that’s also one of the things that makes Duskin appealing.

Tell us what you like about the company’s work environment and system and what you hope to see in the future in this regard.

Since we are a two-income household, when we had our first child I wanted to take the area-specific career track. But now that the system enables returning to the career track, I can also consider going back to that once our children are grown. Besides that, we will soon give birth to our third child, and my boss asked me if I wanted to take childcare leave. Recently at Mister Donut, more and more males are taking childcare leave.
Since I transferred to Osaka in April, I am using the corporation operated preschool*. My wife can’t return to work if we don’t choose a preschool, so this benefit system has been an enormous help. I am interested in the newly set up Professional Track that I mentioned earlier. Besides that, when I was in Yokohama, I used the correspondence course subsidy system to obtain health supervisor certification and I took an Excel class when it became necessary for me to do data tabulation at work. I think it’s great that we have a system that individuals can use to sharpen their skills.
At work, I want to achieve things one by one with the help of those around me even if it’s just a small goal. This kind of good personal relationship enables me to value this sense of accomplishment in a way that contributes to workplace satisfaction.
So far, I have worked in a variety of positions, and in every one of them personal relationships have been an enormous blessing to me as well. Being reassigned every few years and engaging in work that is different from the work I did before reinvigorates me and makes the work pleasant.
The company provides all kinds of support, and I think the environment is easy to work in. I hope that it brings in a few more team members and that we can build a system and environment that makes it easy for human resources to stay.
*A preschool jointly funded and operated by several corporations

Aiming to Enhance Social Value
 Diversity and Inclusion
We believe that employees of various career and social backgrounds (sex, age, nationality and lifestyle) who respect one another and who use their abilities to the fullest is the most effective response to a constantly changing business environment and ever more diverse customer needs. We also believe that employee diversity creates new value and excellence. Along with formalizing this philosophy in the Duskin Code of Conduct, we have established hiring diversity targets for the percentage of female employees in management, employees from abroad and employees with disabilities.

Empowering women in the workplace
Effective use of diverse human resources to enhance corporate value and vitality requires a workplace environment that enables women to reach their full potential. Duskin has many female customers, so it is becoming increasingly important to develop products and services with a woman’s perspective.

Looking ahead, we will draft a third action plan for FY2022 through FY2025 based on the Act on the Promotion of Female Participation and Career Advancement in the Workplace. The action plan includes a variety of initiatives from the perspective of skill development, offering women greater opportunities, creating a more supportive workplace and culture.

With the increase in two-income families and one-person households, there is a rapidly growing need for house cleaning and helper services. The demand for these services is expected to expand further with increasing need for daily assistance for seniors in our super-aging society.
Duskin started hiring workers from abroad from April 2017 after receiving approval from the Kanagawa, Osaka and Tokyo governments as a specified organization for the Project to Accept Foreigners Conducting Housekeeping Services in National Strategic Special Zones. As of March 31, 2021, a total of 45 Philippine citizens were hired. These employees provide services at customers’ homes after undergoing training.
Hiring people with disabilities
We believe it is also a social responsibility of corporations to provide employment
opportunities to people with disabilities. These employment opportunities should be individually matched to the capabilities of the recruits. To provide more job opportunities at higher retention rates, we are carrying out initiatives to examine the types of jobs suitable for the different range of skills and interests of people with disabilities and to establish a structure to assist them. We continue to actively hire people with disabilities, and aim to reach a ratio of employees with disabilities of 3% or more. We will play our part to create a society where everyone can live with a sense of active participation, reward and purpose.

Basic Policy, Code of Conduct and initiatives regarding respect for human rights
The Duskin Code of Conduct advocates respecting human rights throughout the entire supply chain and clearly articulates that the spirit of respecting human rights will underlie every corporate activity. To advance our human rights efforts, and as a supplementary set of guiding principles to the Duskin Code of Conduct, we have established the Duskin Basic Policy Regarding Respect for Human Rights.
Duskin Basic Policy Regarding Respect for Human Rights

Work-Style Reform and Health-Focused Management
Duskin strives to provide a workplace environment that maintains employee work-life balance and enables employees to realize the full potential of their individual abilities and thereby boosting their motivation and a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction. We also promote a variety of workstyles not restricted by time and location. Moreover, Duskin supports health-focused management for employees’ better health and increases the health literacy of every employee.

Creating positive working environments
To continue to sow the seeds of joy for people and communities, Duskin believes balance between work and home life is important for the health of our employees. Accordingly, we have put various measures in place to reduce long work hours and create better workplaces, aiming to keep the total work time per employee at below 1,800 hours annually.
In addition, Duskin has maintained “Kurumin” certification from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare since 2016, demonstrating our commitment as an enterprise that supports our employees’ childcare.

2021 Health & Productivity Management Organization certification In March 2021, Duskin received Health & Productivity Management Organization
2021 certification, a certification system operated by the Nippon Kenko Kaigi (Japan Health Council) with the support from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. Duskin has received certification for five consecutive years — every year since the system began in 2017. Guided by the Duskin Health-focused Management Declaration, we promote health management initiatives and strive to raise the health awareness of every employee.
Duskin Group will continue to work in partnership with the health insurance society and labor union on the goal of obtaining certification for every Group company that is a member of the Duskin Health Insurance Society.

Duskin Health-Focused Management Declaration
For Happiness of Employees
Duskin will encourage and help our employees and their families to maintain and improve their well-being to lead their lives to their fullest potential as reflected in the philosophy of Prayerful Management. We hereby declare our commitment to health-focused management, through which we will support the health of our employees and the sound development of the company to sow the seeds of joy in society.

