
Aiming to Enhance Environmental Value
12.2/
7.2/7.3 12.3/12.5 13.1/13.2 14.1
SDG targets
 One way Duskin contributes to creating a sustainable society is by applying 3Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle) plus renewables over the entire product lifecycle. We also work hard on finding solutions to environmental issues to contribute to building a decarbonized society that is in harmony with nature and has a small environmental footprint.
Helping Achieve a Recycling-Oriented Society
The cleaning utensil rental systems that Duskin has successfully popularized in Japan value things based on a “repeated use, shared use, reduction of needless waste and disposal” business approach. Duskin’s rental system enables effective environmental management over the entire lifecycle of the product. Along with an effort to make effective use of limited resources, Duskin promotes an environmentally conscious business operation, from product development to reuse, recycling, and disposal after use.
Direct Selling Group: Reuse of mop and mat products
All used items are collected from customers, and 97% of the collected items are processed in the laundry plants and reused. The remaining 3% unusable items are utilized as fuels. All products are repeatedly used until their usable life ends. Dust and dirt on mops and mats are also recycled into materials for cement.
Together with Our Environment
Social needs and challenges
• Greater awareness of the SDGs and the environment • Accelerated shift toward a circular economy
• Deteriorating global warming issues
Risks and opportunities
• Social criticism and higher disposal costs from increased waste
• Surging energy expenses due to stricter environmental regula-
tions; business damage from increased extreme weather events
• Higher recycling rates through effective resource use; reduced environmental impact through rational use of energy and other measures
Revising the Environmental Management Framework and Environmental Policy
Duskin established its Environmental Philosophy and Environmental Policy in 1998, and we pursue a wide range of environmental conservation activities. To ensure that Duskin continues to abide by its Environmental Philosophy and carry out activities to preserve the global environment, our environmental management framework now delegates the President and CEO as the Chief Environmental Officer. We have also revised company Environmental Policy in order to clearly articulate to our stakeholders our goal of contributing to a sustainable society in the mediumand long-term out of concern over the environmental issues of the last few years.
For details about our environmental policy, please refer to the following web page. (Available in Japanese only)
https://www.duskin.co.jp/sus/ecology/management/
Duskin Green Target 2030
To ensure that Duskin contributes to achieving company growth and a sustainable society, in June 2021, we established Duskin Green Target 2030, a set of company environmental management goals through 2030.
These newly established targets that help achieve a recycling-oriented society include reducing food waste related to Duskin food businesses, reducing the use of fossil-fuel-derived plastics within the Duskin Group and within Duskin franchisees and franchised plants, and increasing container and packaging plastic recycling.
   Materiality
Contribution to the creation of a recyclingoriented society
Addressing climate change
Targets for the end of FY2023
• Rate of reused mops and mats: 97%
• Rate of recycling food waste: 60%
• Registration of certified low-emission vehicles: 3,760
Duskin’s reuse and recycling system
  Customer
Delivering approx.
140 million
mops and mats annually
Collection rate of mops and mats
100%
Collected
Duskin’s rental system
Recycled
97.6%
New
2.4%
Duskin
Sales offices
Plants
(45 plants nationwide)
Plants
     Effective Utilization
Cement manufacturing plants
 Mops and mats that are no longer usable are reutilized as fuel at cement manufacturing plants.
Incineration Incineration
Reused as industrial-use mops and mats
Incineration Incineration
 Incineration
          Reducing waste and efficient resource use help build a recycling-oriented society
2030 targets
• Reduce food waste by 50% (compared to 2000)
• Reduce fossil-fuel-derived plastics by 25% compared to 2020
• Recycle 60% of plastic containers and packaging
Responding to climate change helps achieve a decarbonized society
2030 targets
• Renewable energy use rate of 50% • Reduce CO2 emissions across
Duskin Group locations by 46% compared to 2013
Reutilized
Approx.
3.3 million pieces are utilized annually
Collected
        Food Group: Reducing food loss and recycling food waste
Mister Donut makes every effort to provide a wide selection of donuts, even for customers who visit just before closing time. Donuts left over at closing time are therefore transported to livestock feed processing plants where they are recycled into livestock feed. Moreover, in the Kinki region we have begun recycling donuts into biogas.
 Food waste and recycling at the Food Group’s shops/restaurants
  FY
Food waste generated (t) Waste prevented (t) Recycling rate (%)
2016
6,502 876 36.3
2017 2018
2019
4,906 1,793 50.6
2019
2020
4,305 2,373 55.0
2020
Percentage points reduced compared to 2000
5,600 1,433 40.3
2017
5,187 1,728 42.6
29.6
 48 CORPORATE REPORT 2021
CORPORATE REPORT 2021 49
FY
Compared with 2020 (pp)
2016
2018
11.7
24.0
33.4
41.6
Aiming to Enhance Environmental Value
 Reducing Container and Packaging Plastic
As a source of ocean garbage and other pollution, plastic has a major impact on the environment and on daily life. Duskin implements the following methods for handling plastic materials. These methods contribute to achieving a sustainable society by using resources effectively and by reducing environmental burden throughout the entire lifecycle of the plastic containers and packaging that we use.
Reducing CO2 Emissions Solar power generation system
Duskin’s company-owned offices strive to reduce fossil fuel derived energy by using renewable energy. Our training facility, the Duskin School, has solar power generation panels installed in some of the building’s glass walls. The Osaka Central Plant has installed a solar power generation system with 350 panels that generate up to 100kW of power.
In addition, six locations directly operated by the Direct Selling Group have installed solar power generation equipment. Besides making effective use of renewable energy, in the event of a power outage during a natural disaster, these sites can function as part of the region’s disaster response framework.
      Medium term
Long term
1. Reduce
Reduce the amount of plastic used for containers by making containers thinner and lighter and by condensing container contents to make containers smaller.
     2. Reuse
Develop new types of refillable and reusable containers so that containers can be used repeatedly.
Difficulty
3. Recycle
Actively incorporate recycled resin and similar materials into plastic containers and develop easy-to-recycle containers
4. Renew
Shift from fossil-fuel derived plastic to plastic derived from plants and other renewable raw materials
  The kitchen detergent Raku-in Pack system
The Raku-in Pack system features a pouch containing detergent that the consumer inserts into a reusable bottle. Since the consumer can refill the Raku-in Pack Bottle or Raku-in Pack Bottle Mini simply by covering the pouch with the top of the bottle, there is no need to open the pouch by hand in order to refill the container. The pouch is vacuum packed, so the consumer can use the bottle until all of the detergent is gone. What’s more, it’s sanitary.
Enhanced convenience encourages bottle reuse thus reducing plastic bottle waste and promoting efficient resource use.
Currently, Moisture-rich Body Soap, high-moisturizing body soap, kitchen detergent, and nachu Mouthwash are compatible with the Raku-in Pack system.
Entering the used plastic recycling business
• Duskin invests in R Plus Japan, Ltd.
Carbon-neutral LNG (CNL)
Carbon-neutral natural gas, or CNL, offsets greenhouse gases generated by natural gas throughout the extraction-to-combustion process with CO2 credits, and LNG consumed under this scheme is not considered a source of global CO2 emissions.
Since April 2021, gas consumed at the Duskin Tokyo Tama Central Plant has been carbon neutral, thus reducing the plant’s CO2 emissions. The plant generates about 1,721 tons of CO2 annually, and it is estimated that the carbon neutral effort will reduce emissions by 1,192 tons, or about 70%.
Besides investigating ways to introduce CNL to our other plants, Duskin will continue to contribute to achieving a sustainable society by expanding and enhancing the value of CNL within the company and by purchasing CNL through the Carbon Neutral LNG Buyers Alliance, an alliance established by 15 companies that purchase CNL, including Duskin, together with Tokyo Gas, which procures and supplies CNL.
Promoting low-emission vehicles
Duskin is expanding its use of low-emission vehicles. We make it a rule to both adopt low-emission gas vehicles for service vehicles and adopt hybrid and other vehicles with excellent environmental performance for Duskin headquarters use.
At the Duskin headquarters, we are replacing cars with hybrids, electric cars and other vehicles that comply with the latest gas emissions regulations. Moreover, and with a focus on company-owned sales offices and affiliated companies, we are energetically promoting idling stop and equipping service cars with auto-brake functions in order to prevent rear-end collisions.
Food Group shop efforts to reduce CO2 emissions
Tokyo Tama Central Plant
Carbon Neutral LNG Buyers Alliance
   Fold the pouch
  Duskin entered the used plastic resource recycling business by becoming an investor in R Plus Japan, Ltd., a joint capital venture launched in June 2020. Prompted by the need to respond to the globally recognized problem of plastic waste in the ocean, the new business will enable Duskin to both fulfill its corporate social responsibility and contribute to the government’s used plastic resource recycling strategy.
Even before our investment in R Plus Japan, Duskin has been at work on a number of efforts to solve the plastic waste problem. These efforts include introducing biomass register bags to our dust control business and discontinuing free register bags and adopting biomass straw at Mister Donut shops. R Plus Japan is developing new ways to recycle used plastic, and Duskin is working with the company to help create new technology and methods that will, in the future, enable us to procure materials recycled from plastic waste.
(kWh) 8,000
6,000 0
7,575 7,449
6,992 6,986
50 CORPORATE REPORT 2021
CORPORATE REPORT 2021 51
At Mister Donut shops and other Food Group shops and restaurants, our goal is
reducing CO2 emissions while also maintaining a pleasant space for our customers.
Our energy-saving efforts to reduce the burden on the environment include reviews
of air conditioner temperature settings and lighting requirements as well as daily
shop operation, such as diligently extinguishing back area lighting and monitoring 7,000 basic utility usage.
These efforts have achieved a steady year-on-year decline in shop monthly power usage. We will continue to promote a well-established and thorough energy conservation effort.
2016
2017 2018 2019
6,651
2020 (FY)
Monthly electricity usage per Mister Donut shop

Aiming to Enhance Environmental Value
 Action on Climate Change
Duskin positions the risks and opportunities associated with climate change as critical management issues. In order to advance information disclosure based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), we classify and study climate-related risks as risk associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy and risk associated with the physical impacts of climate change.
Governance
We established the Sustainability Committee, which consist of the Outside Directors, the Operating Officers, and the Standing Audit and Supervisory Board Members. This committee, serving as an advisory body to the Board of Directors, studies and deliberates the basic policies and key issues associated with climate change.
We also established the Quality Assurance & Environment Committee, which studies and determines agreements concerning environmental conservation and improvement issues, and the Environmental Liaison Committee, which manages the progress of environmental policies, as sub-organizations under the Sustainability Committee. This structure helps the Board of Directors to identify and monitor actual risks and opportunities, and to enhance climate change-related governance.
Climate change–related opportunitiesCategoryExternal environmental changesKey driversImpact on businessFinancial impactOpportunitiesResource efficiency
• More common use of next-generation automobiles• Lower storage battery prices• Lower total cost of vehicle maintenance
• Lower expensesEnergy sources• More common use of renewable energy device and technology• Lower electricity costs• Lower product and service costsMarkets• New consumer preferences• Greater demand for environmentally responsible products• Greater demand for circular economy products and services• Higher profitsEnvironmental management structure
Risk management
We conducted a qualitative provisional climate change risk assessment to evaluate the possibility of climate change
having a significant impact on the financial performance of our businesses.
Through a careful review of the results, we have identified the key drivers that could ultimately have a major impact on the business continuity of the Duskin Corporate Group and franchisees. We will continue to employ scenario analysis to evaluate and assess the risk posed by these key drivers.
• Adopted scenarios
• IPCC RCP 8.5 scenario: Global average temperature rise of at least 4°C from pre-industrial levels • IPCC SR 1.5 scenario: Global average temperature rise kept below 1.5°C
Indicators and targets
To contribute to achieving a decarbonized society, we have established two targets to be met by 2030: shifting 50% of
the energy consumed for the Duskin Group’s business activities to renewable energy by 2030 and reducing CO2 emissions at company-owned facilities by 46% from their 2013 level.
In FY2020, due to the coronavirus pandemic, employee travel and commuting declined, with the result that Scope 3 energy consumption and emissions were lower than the previous year.
Also, to ensure accurate and transparent information disclosure, Scopes 1, 2, and 3* energy consumption and CO2 emission figures have been certified as accurate by a third party.
* Scope 1: Greenhouse gas emissions directly emitted by the Duskin Group
Scope 2: Indirect emissions from the use of electricity, heat or steam supplied by other companies
Scope 3: Indirect emissions not included in Scope1 and Scope2 (emissions by other companies engaged in activities related to the business)
CO2 emission (tCO2)
      Inquire
Report
Strategy
Delegate the task
Hold meetings
Hold meetings
Assist
Operate
Operate
Investigate Correct Report
Support Supervise
Support Supervise
Support Supervise
Plants Offices
Shops
Board of Directors
Sustainability Committee
Cooperate
Chief Environmental Officer President and CEO
Environmental Affairs Administrator Operating Officer
Quality Assurance & Environment Committee
Study and determine agreements concerning environmental conservation and improvement issues
Unusual weather and other effects of climate change are becoming increasingly serious, and how to respond to climate change has become an issue of global concern. To help realize a decarbonized society, which is a target established in the Environmental Policy, we are analyzing multiple scenarios in the near-future time span from 2030 to 2050 concerning physical changes brought about by climate change around the world as well as socioeconomic trends. Based on these analyses, we estimate the financial impact on Duskin’s business performance, investigate what kind of measures to take in response and formulate strategy.
Climate change–related risks
Quality Assurance & Risk Management
(Energy Management Administrator)
Production & Logistics Group
(ISO 14001)
Direct Selling Group
(ISO 14001)
  Food Group
(Energy management)
 Environmental Liaison Committee
Ensure that decisions made by the Quality Assurance & Environment Committee are widely known and thoroughly implementedFY2013 (Base year)2017201820192020Compared with base yearScope 1
13,155
13,139
12,776
12,325
12,365
-6.0%Scope 220,38121,19120,31819,55519,430-4.7%Scope 3536,614428,916406,461424,851410,666-23.5%Total570,150463,246439,556456,730442,461-22.4%CategoryExternal environmental changesKey driversImpact on businessFinancial impactTransition risksPolicy, legal regulations
• Stronger GHG (greenhouse gas) emission regulations• Higher carbon tax rates
• Higher tax costs• Higher cost of product and serviceTechnologies• Progress in energy-saving technologies among competitors• Delayed development of next-generation products (developed through manufacturer tie-ups)• Lower profitsMarkets and reputation• Higher market sensitivity to climate change• Divestment from companies that do not reduce GHG emissions• Higher GHG emission reduction initiative costs• Higher capital control and adjustment costsPhysical risksAcute• Higher average temperatures• Larger typhoons • Higher typhoons
frequency• Higher flooding frequency at plants, shops and offices; higher power outage frequency
• Procurement and logistics channel disruptions
• Increased number of employees standing by at home due to disasters• Higher recovery costs • Lower sales until
recoveryChronic• Higher sea levels
• New rainfall patterns• Higher average temperatures• Lower yields of farm product such as wheat and coffee• Higher raw material costs• Higher cost of sales 52 CORPORATE REPORT 2021
CORPORATE REPORT 2021 53