Corporate Governance Approach to corporate governance
11.b 16.10
17.14/ 17.16
SDG targets
 Duskin ensures the implementation of all of the principles contained in the Corporate Governance Code. For additional information, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report on our website. (Available in Japanese only)
https://www.duskin.co.jp/sus/governance/corporate/pdf/governance.pdf
Five key characteristics of corporate governance
❖ Of the nine board members, three are Outside Directors.
❖ The ratio of Outside Directors on the Board of Directors remained
at 33%, as it was in FY2019.
❖ Of the nine board members, two are women.
❖ Duskin is offering greater opportunities for women, who are essential to our business growth. One of our efforts is to ensure board diversity by promoting the appointment of female Directors.
❖ All Directors, including Outside Directors attend every Board of Directors meeting and actively engage in discussions on the company’s business growth and on how to increase our corpo- rate value in the medium and long term.
❖ This attendance rate reflects the average attendance rate for the Board of Directors meetings since the general meeting of share- holders held in June 2020.
❖ To ensure the effectiveness and transparency of appointments to and evaluations of the Board of Directors, Duskin established the Directors Evaluation Committee, which is composed only of independent directors and functions as an advisory board to the Board of Directors.
❖ The Operating Officer System expedites the execution of compa- ny business by delegating decision-making authority for matters concerning a particular division to the officer in charge of that division. Delegating authority in this way enables the Board of Directors to focus on deliberating on important agenda items and on supervising the execution of company business.
Initiatives to strengthen corporate governance
We are strengthening corporate governance, as we believe it to be one of the most important issues for management. In 2017 we created a Directors Evaluation Committee and introduced an Operating Officer System in 2018. With the aim of ensuring the independence of the Directors Evaluation Committee and maintaining its effectiveness, we changed it to consist of only independent directors and to function as an advisory body to the Board of Directors.
Taking into account amendments to laws and changing society, we will continue to work toward further improvements in corporate governance.FY
2021
2020 2019
2018
2017
Specific initiatives
 2016
◆ Share-based remuneration-type stock options replaced with a restricted stock remuneration plan
◆ Hybrid virtual shareholders’ meeting (a meeting in which online participants do not have voting rights) held
◆ Succession Plan to train and develop next-generation management launched
◆ Operations restructured into groups; COO and CFO designated
◆ Advisory body function of the Directors Evaluation Committee switched to the Board of Directors instead of to the President
Operating Officer System introduced
◆ The number of Directors decreased from not more than 15 to not more than 12
 Independent Outside Directors account for at least one third of all Directors
◆ A share-based remuneration-type stock option program established
◆ Directors Evaluation and Nomination System introduced
 Directors Evaluation Committee organized
◆ Analyzation and evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors started 2015
◆ The number of Outside Directors increased from two to three
 2014 2013 2008
2007 2006
2003
◆ The number of Outside Directors increased from one to two
◆ Participates in Electronic Voting Platform
◆ The number of Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members increased from two to three
Outside Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members Council established
 Posting of shareholders’ meeting notice on the web (earlier than distributing printed version) started
 The Directors’ retirement benefit program terminated
◆ Management philosophy included in the Articles of Incorporation A basic policy for the Internal Control System established
◆ Duskin stock listed on the first section of Tokyo Stock Exchange and Osaka Securities Exchange* The cash equity markets of Tokyo Stock Exchange and Osaka Securities Exchange were integrated on July 16, 2013.
 Risk Management Committee established
 Quality Assurance Committee (now Sustainability Committee) organized Compliance Promotion Committee (now Compliance Committee) established
       54 CORPORATE REPORT 2021
CORPORATE REPORT 2021 55
1
Ratio of Outside
Directors on the Board of Directors
33%
  2
Ratio of women on the Board of Directors
22%
  3
Board of Directors attendance rate
100%
  4
Establishment of a Directors Evaluation Committee
  5
Building a structure that allows Board members to comprehensively deliberate on important matters
Corporate Governance
 Basic policy
Upholding Founder Seiichi Suzuki’s philosophy of Prayerful Management, we are committed to each of our business operations to sow the seeds of joy for people and communities. Our interpretation of corporate governance is for all of our employees to incorporate his earnest wish, as reflected in the philosophy, in our everyday activities.
Duskin positions the strengthening of corporate governance as one of its highest priorities to build a stronger relationship with stakeholders, increase corporate value over the medium to long term, and achieve sustainable growth. Duskin is further bolstering its structure, organization and systems to ensure transparent and sound management. Duskin also places compliance at the center of all our corporate activities to continuously improve our corporate value.
Corporate governance structure
Duskin corporate governance uses an audit and supervisory board system. We have introduced the Operating Officer System to streamline the Board of Directors’ decision-making process and strengthen its supervision of company busi- ness. To ensure the system’s effectiveness, we have also set up the Directors Evaluation and Nomination System. Addi- tionally, to ensure that the process of determining the remuneration of individual directors is objective and transparent, we have established the Directors Evaluation Committee as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. At the Board of Directors, Directors monitor and supervise other Directors’ performance. The Audit and Supervisory Board consists of independent outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members capable of objectively conducting audits and internal full- time Audit and Supervisory Board Members, who are well acquainted with our business operations and have skills needed to gather information. Under this system, the Audit and Supervisory Board Members, internal and outside, perform accurate audits. We consider this structure highly effective as it supports customer-oriented management while ensuring sound and efficient business operations. This system also enables us to swiftly and precisely respond to changes in the business environment.
Corporate governance structure (as of May 2021)
Board of Directors
Meeting attendance by Board Members and Audit and Supervisory Board Members ■Board of Directors ●Audit and Supervisory Board ★ Chair ○ Member △ Observer
  Name
  Title
 Attendance in FY2020
Outside Directors and
Audit and Supervisory Board Members Council
  Directors Evaluation Committee
 Sustainability Committee
Risk Management Committee
 Compliance Committee
 Teruji Yamamura
 President and CEO
 ■19/19
   ○
   Kazushi Sumimoto
  Director and COO
  ■19/19
      ○
     Tetsuya Wada
Director and COO
■19/19
○
○
 Naoto Miyata
  Director and CFO
  ■19/19
      ○
    ★
 Hiroyuki Okubo
Director and Operating Officer
■19/19
○
 Taku Suzuki
 Director and Operating Officer
 ■19/19
      Tomoya Yoshizumi
  Outside Director
  ■19/19
  ★
  ★
       Nobuko Sekiguchi
Outside Director
■19/19
○
○
○
○
 Yukiko Tsujimoto
  Outside Director
  ■14/14
  ○
    ○
    ○
 Takashi Yoshida
Audit and Supervisory Board Member
■19/19 ●12/12
△
○
 Hideyuki Naito
  Audit and Supervisory Board Member
  ■19/19 ●12/12
      ○
     Takaaki Oda
Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members
■19/19 ●12/12
○
○
 Sachiko Kawanishi
 Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members
 ■19/19 ●12/12
 ○
     Kyoichiro Arakawa
 Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members
  ■19/19 ●12/12
  ○
            Note: Board meeting attendance for Yukiko Tsujimoto reflects attendance after her appointment on June 23, 2020.
Business Strategy Meeting: Chaired by Teruji Yamamura, Representative Director, President and CEO
Main function: discuss companywide business strategies, business portfolios and the allocation of Duskin Group resources from a medium- to long-term perspective
The Business Strategy Meeting is for all Directors and division managers to discuss companywide business strategies, business portfolios and the allocation of Duskin Group resources from a medium- to long-term perspective.
Advisory bodies
Outside Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members Council: Chaired by Tomoya Yoshizumi, Outside Director
Main function: make recommendations for increasing corporate value over the medium to long term
Duskin has an Outside Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members Council, which is an advisory council for the Board of Directors. Its purpose is to provide beneficial views for ensuring effective corporate governance, while enabling Outside Directors to gather information without affecting their independence. This makes it possible to monitor and supervise Duskin’s management from a transparent, fair and objective viewpoint.
Directors Evaluation Committee: Chaired by Tomoya Yoshizumi, Outside Director
Main function: provide necessary advice in response to consultations from the Board of Directors in selecting candi- dates for Directors and Operating Officers and in determining their remuneration
The Directors Evaluation Committee was established as an advisory body for the President and CEO to consider Director and Operating Officer candidates and their remuneration, which requires the approval of the Board of Directors.
As of April 2019, this committee, which had been an advisory body for the President and CEO, was changed to an advisory body for the Board of Directors to improve the effectiveness of the Directors Evaluation and Nomination System. The committee now consists of only independent directors, resulting in greater transparency and objectivity.
Sustainability Committee: Chaired by Minoru Okada, Operating Officer
Main function: determine medium-term framework and annual action plans regarding sustainability and deliberate on how to address unresolved sustainability issues
To achieve corporate growth and contribute to building a sustainable society, we have the Sustainability Committee, which is an advisory council for the Board of Directors. The purpose of the committee is to determine priority issues and the scope of action for ESG and SDGs to implement CSV strategy across the Duskin Group.
 General Meeting of Shareholders
   Board of Directors
Business Strategy Meeting
Audit and Supervisory Board (Members)
Accounting Auditors
 Investment Assessment Committee
 Operating Officers’ Board
  Operating Officers
  Business segments, subsidiaries
Budget Meeting
 President and CEO
Auditing
Meetings
We hold various meetings where
proposals, advice and reports are made regarding business execution.
     Outside Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members Council
 Directors Evaluation Committee
 Sustainability Committee
 Risk Management Committee
 Compliance Committee
   56 CORPORATE REPORT 2021
CORPORATE REPORT 2021 57

Corporate Governance
 Business execution
Operating Officers’ Board: Chaired by Teruji Yamamura, Representative Director, President and CEO
Main function: deliberate important matters related to business execution
For the President and CEO to conduct business operations based on the basic management policy established at the Board of Directors meetings, Duskin has an Operating Officers’ Board, a deliberative body to examine important busi- ness matters.
Budget Meeting: Chaired by Teruji Yamamura, Representative Director, President and CEO Main function: monitor budget progress for each business division, identify the discrepancies between forecasts
and actual results and discuss measures to be taken
The Budget Meeting is held to monitor budget progress for each business division, identify the discrepancies between forecasts and actual results and discuss measures to be taken, as well as to share information on such issues.
FY2021 initiatives
Number of proposals made to the Board meetings and the time devoted to deliberation
Issue
 Plans
   Conduct a thorough debate about strategies to enhance corporate value and increase effectiveness of supervisory function
  1. Further strengthen the Board of Directors’ supervisory function in order to implement clearer growth strategy, optimize the business portfolio and ensure steady progress on executing key strategies
2. Supervise how and in which domains Duskin utilizes its strengths to respond to a changing social environment while advancing Digital Transformation and strengthening the entire value chain
3. Accelerate the pace of evaluating, selecting and training future management personnel, including Board of Directors members, and reflect the results in the company’s management structure
  Investment Assessment Committee: Chaired by Naoto Miyata, Director and CFO 200 Main function: Raise the quality of plant, equipment and similar investments, and monitor the effectiveness of these 150
The Investment Assessment Committee was established to raise the quality of investments in new business develop- 100 ment as well as plants and equipment, and to monitor the effectiveness of these investments. The committee meets to 50
174
151
Number of proposals
Average time per deliberative session
(Number)
(h)
3:00 2:30 2:00
    investments after they are implemented
62 25
51 5
1:58
2020 (FY)
deliberate as needed.
Evaluating Board of Directors effectiveness
Duskin analyzes and evaluates the effectiveness of the entire Board of Directors annually in order to achieve medium- and long-term sustainable growth and stronger corporate value.
The FY2020 analysis and evaluation process and results and FY2021 plan are as follows.
Analysis and evaluation process Target and period: 15 meetings of the Board of Directors held between April 2020 and December 2020
Duskin selects candidates for election as Directors from among individuals who fulfill the criteria of possessing the char- acter, knowledge and integrity to serve as a Director and who have no health issues that would interfere with performing the duties of a Director.
1:00 00
2019 2020 (FY) 2019 ■ Matters resolved ■ Matters discussed ■ Matters reported
Election policies for the Board of Directors Selection standards
87
95
   Outline
    1
Third party expert
Distributes questionnaires to all Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members, and collects the replies.
2
Outside Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members Council Analyzes, evaluates the results, provides a summary for the current year and makes recommendations for the
following year to the Board of Directors.
3
Board of Directors
Discusses the recommendations for improving the Board’s effectiveness.
4
Implements measures for improvements based on the results of discussions.
   FY2020 issues
Increase effectiveness of
supervisory functions and 1 broaden discussions on strategies for enhancing
FY2020 initiatives
( i ) • Clarified Directors’ responsibilities to supervise their business areas
• Appointed a Chief Operating Officer (COO) for the Direct Selling Group and for the Food Group • Appointed Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
(ii) Directors in charge attended important business division meetings and supervised the divisions and the entire value chain. In addition, Outside Directors continued to attend product and service development meetings and provide feedback.
(iii) The Investment Assessment Committee, which was established in the previous fiscal year, conducted preliminary research and evaluation of investment proposals prior to deliberating on at Board of Directors meetings.
(i) Reviewed new companies and new businesses launched in the previous fiscal year or earlier and deliberated on future initiative for these businesses
(ii) Based on a portfolio assessment by business, deliberated on optimizing business portfolios on a companywide level
( i ) Revaluated the compensation and benefits system and revised the compensation structure for Operating Officers to strengthen the link between Operating Officer performance and compensation
(ii) Launched Succession Plan and started periodic training
• Started education program to train managerial personnel
• Set up personnel talent pool, and raised the transparency of the Director and Operating Officer selection
process by, for example, revising nomination form format
Internal Director candidates
The Representative Director requests recommendations from the current Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members.
The Representative Director evaluates the nominee’s qualification as a Director and the degree to which he/she practices the management philosophy and selects a person who can have a positive effect on the organization’s vitality and continuously execute medium- to long-term strategies of Duskin Group.
The Board of Directors makes final selections after thorough discussions, with advice from the Directors Evaluation Committee.
Outside Director candidates
• Duskin selects individuals who can maintain indepen- dence and have no special financial relationship with Duskin Group.
• These individuals must also have a business career and professional knowledge needed for enabling the Board of Directors to perform its supervisory and advisory functions.
• These individuals must also be able to provide useful advice from a multifaceted perspective in order to maintain the transparency and soundness of manage- ment and the fairness of procedures.
The Board of Directors makes final selection among candidates who meet the aforementioned criteria.
      2
3
corporate value
Further broaden discussions aimed at optimizing business portfolios on a companywide level
Deepen the discussions of organizational functions and the role of Operating Officers that respond to changes in the business environment and strategies
Under the provisions of Article 427, Paragraph 1 of the Companies Act, Duskin has contracts with Outside Directors that limit their liability as provided in Article 423, Paragraph 1 of this act. The maximum liability under the contracts is the amount as provided in laws and ordinances.
  58 CORPORATE REPORT 2021
CORPORATE REPORT 2021 59

Corporate Governance
 Reasons for selections of Outside Directors
Internal control
Duskin Group has followed a philosophy of “unifying business and morals” as its core value. To realize our management philosophy, we have formulated the following Code of Conduct Statement to serve as a compass and Duskin Code of Conduct to define concrete standards of conduct for our business operations.NameReasons for electionTomoya YoshizumiExtensive experience and insight in corporate management as a Member of the Board and Corporate Vice President at Ajinomoto Co., Inc., where he was engaged in strategic production planning, the Medium-Term Management Plan and implementing M&A strategies for the Ajinomoto Group. Mr. Yoshizumi supervised business operations from April 2011 in North America as General Manager, North America Division and President of Ajinomoto North America, Inc. Mr. Yoshizumi was appointed an Outside Director because he is expected to provide Duskin with advice based on his past experience and expertise from the perspective of overall management supervision and raising corporate value in the medium- and long-term.Nobuko SekiguchiAfter working as a management consultant, Ms. Sekiguchi joined Capcom, where she served as a Managing Corporate Officer responsible for corporate planning that included preparing the Med-Term Plan, managing the annual budget, working on organiza- tional reforms, and M&A. She held a leading role in reforming Capcom’s personnel system. Ms. Sekiguchi was appointed an Outside Director because she is expected to provide Duskin with advice based on her past experience and expertise from the perspective of overall management supervision and raising corporate value in the medium- and long-term.Yukiko TsujimotoAs a Director at Procter & Gamble Japan, Ms. Tsujimoto has a wealth of experience and insight in corporate management. As part of her tenure at the company, Ms. Tsujimoto has been responsible for overseeing brand marketing and communications, as well as serving as brand publicity leader for the Asian region. Ms. Tsujimoto was appointed an Outside Director because she is expected to provide Duskin with advice based on her past experience and expertise from the perspective of overall management supervision and raising corporate value in the medium- and long-term. Code of Conduct Statement: Aiming to be a trustworthy and reliable company
1 We always think of customers in everything we do. 3 We are ethical in all our actions.
2 We observe the law in all that we do. 4 We take pride in everything we do.
Note: All three are independent directors.
Standards for independence of Outside Directors and Outside Audit and
Supervisory Board Members
To ensure the independence of an Outside Director or Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member, Duskin selects a member in accordance with our own selection criteria as well as the independence standards of the Enforcement Rules for Securities Listing Regulations of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
When selecting the candidates, Duskin confirms that they comply with all items of the criteria. Then, the Board of Direc- tors makes the final decision.
Note: Independence standards for outside directors established by our company are stipulated in our annual securities report (available in Japanese only).
https://www.duskin.co.jp/sus/governance/corporate/
Directors’ remuneration
Duskin positions Directors’ remuneration as an important issue for our corporate governance. To raise Directors’ motiva- tion to achieve medium- and long-term sustainable growth and enhance corporate value, Duskin established the Direc- tors Evaluation and Nomination System. With this system in place, their contributions and capabilities are determined and reflected in their remuneration.
The methods used in calculating Director remuneration and actual remuneration in FY2020 are as follows.
Process and calculation methods of Director remuneration and actual remuneration
Successor development plan
Duskin formulated its succession plan in FY2019 to foster next-generation management and successors to our chief executives. We have created an educational program to train those with the appropriate qualities, as well as a selection process for executive officers and candidates for director positions. We launched these operations in FY2020 and regu- larly share information and report to the Board of Directors on the progress. The President and CEO conducts monthly individual meetings with all Operating Officers. Quantitative assessments of their performances and improvements are made every six months in line with the Directors Evaluation and Nomination System, with the opportunity used to provide further guidance as well as to review their capabilities and performance with them.
Training Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members and deepening their knowledge of Duskin
Starting in FY2020, Duskin has been preparing a succession plan and putting in place an executive-class training plan. Duskin provides periodic training that Directors and Audit and Supervisory Board Members need in order to perform their decision-making and executing duties, and training that operating officers need in order to perform their business duties. When appointing Outside Directors, the President and CEO explains the candidates about Duskin’s management philosophy. After confirming their agreement on the philosophy, the President and CEO further explains Duskin’s busi- ness strategy and business operations. In addition, to help them deepen their knowledge of Duskin, the company pro- vides them opportunities to visit major business sites, training facilities and plants.
Policy related to acquisition and holding of cross-shareholdings
The policy for cross-shareholdings is to hold a suitable number of shares only when there is a legitimate reason for owning these shares. Investments in stocks for which there is no legitimate reason for ownership are reduced or eliminat- ed. Every year, the Duskin Board of Directors determines if the ownership of each cross-shareholding is proper or not. Decisions are based on the need for each cross-shareholding regarding business activities, such as business alliances, maintaining and strengthening business relationships, Duskin’s cost of capital, share price movements and other factors.
Constructive dialogue with investors, analysts and shareholders
Duskin conducts a variety of investor relations (IR) and shareholder relations (SR) activities to earn trust in the company’s management, receive a proper evaluation of the company and achieve sustained business growth and medium- to long-term growth in corporate value. Our senior management and Directors protectively respond to the requests of individual or institutional investors to meet with them. Information, evaluation and opinions gained through IR and SR activities are reported at meetings of the Board of Directors twice each year.
We strive to improve our IR tools, including our website, that are useful for individual investors and shareholders in mak- ing investment decisions. Duskin proactively discloses the financial results, business strategies, sustainability-related information, news and other topics of interest.
 Items
Directors
Methods applied in FY2020
Outside Directors
Audit and Supervisory Board Members
      Decision- making process
• The determination of remuneration by the Board of Directors is based on officer remuneration survey data provided by an external research organization comparing Duskin to companies of a similar size and companies in similar business sectors and with similar operations.
• The Board of Directors makes the final decisions, taking into consideration the advice of the Directors Evaluation Committee, after thorough discussions (see page 57).
• A certain amount is set as base compensation and bonuses for Outside Directors, after taking into account their backgrounds and other matters.
• Compensation is determined within the amount resolved at the general sharehold- ers’ meeting.    Remuneration
The remuneration consists of basic compensation (fixed compensa- tion), a performance-based bonus (short-term incentive) and share-based-remuneration-type stock options* (medium- to- long-term incentive).
* This is to allocate share acquisition rights in an amount not exceeding 50 million yen per year in lieu of a portion of basic remuneration.
• A certain amount is set as base compensation and bonuses for Outside Directors, after taking into account their backgrounds and other matters.
• Remuneration for each Audit and Supervisory Board Member is determined based on discussions with those members.Note: Compensation is determined within the amount resolved at the general shareholders’ meeting. In July 2021, we introduced a restricted stock remuneration plan in place of the share-based remuneration-type stock option plan.
Actual remuneration (FY2020, thousands of yen)
Note: The numbers above include three Directors who retired as of the 58th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on June 23, 2020.
Note: The numbers above include one Outside Director and one Audit and Supervisory Board Member, both of whom retired as of the 58th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on June 23, 2020.
Note: The numbers above include one Audit and Supervisory Board Member who retired as of the 58th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on June 23, 2020.
 Type of remuneration
    Category
Total remuneration
Basic remuneration (Fixed amount)
Bonus (Performance-based)
Stock option
Number of directors
      Directors
206,549
157,727
20,800
28,022
9
     Outside Directors23,30018,6004,700—4Standing Audit and Supervisory Board Members50,55046,3504,200—3Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members30,00025,2004,800—3 