Management Approach
Important Issues from a Social Perspective
Canon’s global business operations are supported
by the stability and growth of international and local communities. Today, our world faces a mountain
of social issues that include global warming and other environmental issues, an increasing frequency of natural disasters caused by climate change, and issues related to poverty and economic disparity. It is clear from the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations in 2015 that these social issues must be resolved in order to achieve sustainable development. Meeting these goals
will require countries, regions, governments, and companies to overcome their differences and work together for the common good.
Recognizing this situation, Canon is drawing on its resources, such as its advanced technological strengths, global business deployment, and diverse, specialized human resources, to engage in activities tailored to the characteristics of each region. We carry out these activities in cooperation with the CSR Division and other related administrative
and business divisions, as well as with each Group company both in Japan and overseas.
Humanitarian Aid and Disaster Relief
As the number of major natural disasters occurring around the world rises, Canon remains committed to continuously providing donations and raising funds in cooperation with local NPOs and NGOs that have an understanding of the needs in disaster-stricken areas. We are working to enhance such activities by obtaining opinions and feedback through regular interviews and reports provided by NPOs and NGOs. Furthermore, we are determinedly participating in activities that support recovery efforts in disaster- stricken areas.
Related SDGs
End poverty in all its forms everywhere
Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls
Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss
Social welfare issues vary widely by region. Canon engages in various welfare activities with the aim of creating places where everyone can lead satisfying lives thanks to increased opportunities for both employment and self-expression. Specifically, we work with NPOs and NGOs in activities to support people with disabilities and to assist the sound development of children.
Local Communities
As a corporate citizen with deep roots in local communities, Canon engages in cross-cultural activities and school construction to help develop the knowledge and diverse values of children in those communities. In regard to the impact we have in each region of our global operations, we strive to stay in close communication with members of local communities and implement contribution programs in line with local needs.
Education and Science
To promote the future development of manufacturing and technology, Canon draws on its cutting-edge technologies to teach young people about the practical applications of optics technologies and to impart systematic knowledge through hands-on experiments. We also collaborate with both industrial and academic institutions to establish research facilities. In these ways, we support the development of the next generation.
Art, Culture and Sports
Canon contributes to the development of visual culture through its business activities. As a company that pursues imaging technologies that evoke
and encourage a wealth of human emotions and feelings, Canon implements projects that contribute to the promotion of art and culture. We also work to nurture a new generation of photographers and provide support for local sports.End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture
Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable
Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development
Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all
Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 98
Humanitarian Aid and Disaster Relief
Canon contributes to the recovery and reconstruction of areas affected by natural disasters around the world.
Donations and Fundraising
Helping Disaster-Affected Areas Through Donations and Fundraising
Canon provides aid to areas affected by natural disasters around the world through monetary donations and fundraising activities. After assessing the need and viability of sending aid with the assistance
of our operational sites closest to a particular disaster, we do our best to offer timely relief, and also conduct follow-up assessments of our activities. In the case of long-term aid, we are careful to take appropriate action in each phase of a project.
Our greatest wish for those whose lives have been impacted by disaster is that they may return to their normal lives as quickly as possible. To aid this process,
in 2016 Canon made the contributions shown in the following table. In particular, in response to the flooding that struck central Vietnam in October 2016, Canon Vietnam and Canon Marketing Vietnam held a donation drive among employees and, working together with other local Japanese companies, prepared funds and relief supplies (including food, daily necessities, and medicine). Canon representatives directly delivered relief supplies to about 600 households that were hit especially hard. We have received many expressions of gratitude from local governments and residents for the timely assistance.
Participating in UNHCR, WFP and Other UN Efforts
Canon Inc. is a special sponsor of the UNHCR Refugee Film Festival, held annually by UNHCR Representation in Japan and Japan for UNHCR*. We provide support for a photo exhibition, the printing of posters, and other activities that make use of our technical expertise.
Expanding the circle of support, 172 of our
employees participated in WFP Walk the World, a
charity walk in support of the activities of the World
Food Programme (WFP). We also held a school meal
tasting event at our Shimomaruko headquarters with
the aim of deepening understanding of WFP activities.
On the day of the event, 200 employees sampled ugali,
a cornmeal dish with a dough-like consistency that is
often served as part of school meals in Africa. * The national partner of UNHCR in Japan
Supporting Disaster Recovery Efforts
Ongoing Recovery Support Following the Great East Japan Earthquake and Greater Cooperation with Disaster-Affected Communities
Canon utilizes the power of photography to offer ongoing support to areas that have been severely affected by the March 2011 Great East Japan Earthquake. A Tohoku Recovery and Reconstruction Promotion Office dedicated to promoting recovery in the Tohoku region was established at Canon Marketing Japan’s Sendai branch to encourage effective, long- term support activities while keeping the changing issues (needs) for the area in mind. Through this
office, Canon is working to deepen partnerships with surrounding municipal governments affected by the earthquake. Canon also collects information through NPOs, NGOs, and social welfare associations.
In 2016, we continued our involvement in the Smile for the Future Project, holding photography classes for children and local residents from disaster-stricken areas on three occasions. These activities, focused on the enjoyment of photography and having fun with nature, are helping residents to rebuild their communities.
Canon Inc. and Fukushima Canon co-hosted an event called Fukushima Community Support on four occasions. Designed to support community rebuilding for residents still living in temporary housing, the event provided them the opportunity to participate in photography classes and photo shoots. In addition, we partnered with Starbucks Coffee Japan, Ltd., and the Matsushita Institute of Government and Management to organize the Michi no Café in Rikuzentakata City (Iwate Prefecture) as an ongoing earthquake-recovery assistance project.
Donations in 2016
Taiwan earthquake support
Kumamoto and Oita earthquake support
Western Canada fire support
Central Italy earthquake support
Vietnam flooding support
Charity Book Fair
$3,000,000 (TWD)
¥10,000,000 (JPY)
$20,000 (CAD)
€30,000 (EUR)
$13,298 (USD)
    Month
  Feb
 Apr
Purpose
Amount
     May
  Aug
  Oct
  Canon Inc. has held its Charity Book Fair annually since 1997. Employees of the Canon Group in Japan, along with their families, donate unwanted books, CDs, and DVDs for sale at an in-house bazaar. The proceeds, matched by the company under a matching gift program, are donated to groups that support education and medical services in Asia. In 2016, about 930,000 yen was collected and shared among four NPOs.
99 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Society)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Social Welfare / Local Communities
As a good corporate citizen with deep roots in local communities, Canon assists the sound development of children living in those communities.
Helping to Find and Rescue Missing Children Through the Power of Photographs
Canon U.S.A. supports the activities of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC), an NPO engaged in the recovery of missing children in the United States. When a child goes missing, their photographs are the most vital piece of information for the search.
Canon U.S.A. has donated more than 2,500 digital cameras, scanners, printers, and other equipment to help law enforcement agencies quickly disseminate photographs and information regarding missing children.
In addition to donating $466,392 (USD) in 2016, in January 2017 Canon sponsored a charity event where we raised and donated a total of $357,600 (USD) to NCMEC.
Canon Blind Project, Photography Class for the Visually Impaired in Thailand Since 2010, Canon Marketing Thailand has been supporting the Canon Blind Project, a photography class for the visually impaired, in cooperation with
a volunteer group of photographers, Pict4All. This project aims to provide opportunities for visually impaired students to elevate self-expression skills by learning to express their thoughts and feelings using photography as a tool. Canon Marketing Thailand supports the project by providing cameras and printers for the students’ photo-shooting sessions.
In December 2016, visually impaired students from Chiang Mai Vocational Institute For The
Blind participated in workshops held during an international horticultural exhibition in Chiang Mai, where they took pictures of the visitors and printed them out as postcards to give away. The activity, which received 20,000 Thai baht in donations
from the visitors, helped raise awareness of the participating students and drew public attention as it was also introduced in the media.
Canon will expand the Canon Blind Project to other geographical areas, and following its corporate philosophy of kyosei, continue to contribute to society through its business activities.
Canon Image Bridge Project Fostering Youth Exchange Through Imaging Some years ago, Canon China launched a project called Image: Light of Hope to foster cultural exchange using the power of imaging. In 2013, Canon China expanded the scope of the project to include all of Asia, renaming it the Canon Image Bridge Project.
Under this project, youth from across Asia create “exchange cards” that include photographs they have taken along with brief messages. These cards are then delivered to children living in other areas
of Asia. The ingenuity of the project to foster cross- cultural exchange through photographs has received high praise from local communities and earned Canon a number of CSR-related awards. Through 2016, a total of 8,042 youths in 10 countries and regions in Asia prepared 13,761 exchange cards, helping to build friendships that transcend national and regional borders.
In 2016, the Canon Image Bridge Project was expanded still further. Rather than limiting it to select elementary schools, among the numerous projects, events were held twice at showrooms in Beijing and Shanghai. Families were encouraged to join in, and cards were collected from a range of participants. In honor of these efforts, Canon was awarded the Best CSR Strategy Award at the 2nd CSR China Education Awards.
A boy who creates an “exchange card” with photographs taken
 Canon Sustainability Report 2017 100

Leaving a Rich Furusato for the Children Furusato Project—Linking Our Dream to
the Future
In Japan, Canon promotes an environmental conservation and environmental education project known as the Furusato Project—Linking Our Dream to the Future, with the aim of passing on a beautiful, verdant, and biologically diverse furusato (hometown) for future generations to enjoy.
Through this project, Canon stakeholders, including employees and their families, customers, and business partners, forge links with NPOs and regional community members across Japan to
carry out environmental conservation activities and environmental education programs. To help finance these activities, we promote initiatives closely linked with our business activities, such as donating funds according to the amount of used ink cartridges collected or the volume of paper sold.
In 2016, activities aimed at educating people about the importance of biodiversity and preserving the environment were conducted 40 times across Japan. Specifically, 863 participants were involved in such activities as planting trees, preserving terraced rice paddies, restoring abandoned fields, and conducting ecological surveys.
These activities have been recognized
with a Biodiversity Action Award and received commendation from the Japan Committee for the United Nations Decade on Biodiversity (UNDB-J).
Regions of Activities through 2016
1 Asahikawa, Hokkaido 2 Osaki, Miyagi
3 Ushiku, Ibaraki
4 Hachioji, Tokyo
5 Mishima, Shizuoka
6 Kahoku District, Ishikawa
7 Kanzaki District, Hyogo
8 Maniwa, Okayama
9 Yamagata District, Hiroshima
10 Oita City, Oita
987 10
Morinet Hokkaido
Tambo
Asaza Fund
The Lifestyle Research Institute of Forests
Groundwork Mishima
Kahokugata Lake Institute
Tanada LOVER’s
Maniwa Heritage Society
Natural History Society of the West Chugoku Mountains
Oita Environmental Conservation Forum
1
2 6
43 5
 Canon Institute for Global Studies, Dedicated to Conquering the Problems Faced by Humankind
The Canon Institute for Global Studies is a non-profit private-sector think tank established as a general incorporated foundation in 2008 in commemoration of Canon Inc.’s 70th anniversary.
In this age of globalization, the Canon Institute
for Global Studies approaches Japanese economic issues associated with the global economy and plots out Japan’s future position in the world. It also aims to draw up strategic policy proposals based on analyses of present world conditions. The institute brings together researchers with diverse backgrounds in business, academia, and government to exchange ideas and information and to expand its global activities.
Focused on three main research areas— macroeconomics; natural resources, energy, and the
environment; and foreign affairs and national security— the institute disseminates information and policy proposals based on scientifically valuable research. Symposiums, conferences, lectures, and seminars are held to present results and also to facilitate active discussions between researchers and policymakers from Japan and other countries.
For example, in October 2016, the institute held an international symposium entitled “The Role of Innovation for Long-Term GHG Mitigation” to discuss innovations
in greenhouse gas mitigation, policy measures being employed by various countries, and the possibility of
any issues surrounding international cooperation in developing innovative technologies. Experts from Japan and abroad were invited to participate in the discussion.
101 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Society)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Education and Science
As a manufacturer and world leader in technology, Canon supports the development of the next generation.
Educational Support for Children
Young People Program Fostering Youth Creativity and Expression
With the aim of helping to realize a sustainable society, Canon Group companies in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) conduct the Young People Program to foster youth creativity and expression. In 2016
we offered such programs in 12 countries*. As an example, in the United Kingdom we provided support for Creative Media Camp in partnership with the Ideas Foundation. Creative Media Camp seeks to inspire interest in and nurture talent in teenagers for creative activities such as photography, videography, and graphic arts. After attending classes taught by experts in creative industries, students participating in the camp gain hands-on experience planning an advertising campaign, shooting and editing footage, and making
a business presentation. At the same time, they gain
a deeper understanding of what it means to pursue advanced studies or a career in creative media.
Looking ahead, Canon Group companies in EMEA plan to develop various activities for EMEA.
* Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Spain, Switzerland, Turkey and the UK.
Holding Environmental Outreach Classes to Teach Children About the Importance of the Environment Canon holds environmental outreach classes under various themes, including toner cartridge recycling,
to help children understand the importance of the environment. In 2016, the Canon Group held 31 classes, with total attendance of 1,849 persons, including children and their guardians.
These classes use active learning methods, providing ample opportunity for children to develop their skills in thinking, speaking, listening, and assessing. Specifically, the children are divided into teams to conduct some sorting experiments with four types of materials, including steel and different sizes of plastic. They learn how to sort these materials efficiently, making use of their special characteristics.
In 2016, Canon was recognized for this program, receiving a First Award for Excellence at the Seventh Career Education Awards held by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
Laboratory Program for Youths
Light Laboratory a Fun Place to Learn
Canon Inc. hosts the Light Laboratory educational program for children through a partnership with Japan Science Foundation.
The program aims to spark children’s interest in science and technology by providing a place where they can enjoy learning. The Light Laboratory explains the science behind the optics technologies found in Canon products in an easy-to-understand way, through the history of cameras and various experiments.
Held in the Experiment Stadium corner of The Science Museum (Tokyo), operated by the Foundation, around 9,300 children experienced the wonders of the Light Laboratory in 2016.
Helping to Foster Optical Engineers
Supporting the Development of Optics Technologies Underlying Major Industries Through Industry-Academia Collaboration Optics technology is essential to a variety of major industries. Opportunities for the systematic study of optics in Japan, however, have been on the decline.
To remedy this situation, Canon actively supported Utsunomiya University, which has a strong relationship with Canon’s Utsunomiya Office where the Optics R&D Center is located, to successfully establish the Center for Optical Research & Education (CORE) at the university. Since CORE was established in 2007, a total of 381 students have completed the optics course.
In 2016, Canon dispatched nine lecturers, including three visiting professors, to enhance the educational system. Canon will continue to support CORE and the development of optics technologies.
Laboratory of the Center for Optical Research & Education
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 102
 
Art, Culture and Sports
As a company that contributes to the development of visual culture, Canon engages in activities to foster the richness of human feelings and emotions.
Contributing to the Promotion of Art and Culture
Preserving Cultural Assets for Future Generations and Putting them on Display Through the Tsuzuri Project
Canon and Kyoto Culture Association (NPO) launched the Cultural Heritage Inheritance Project, commonly known as the Tsuzuri Project, in 2007.
The initiative seeks to make reproductions of Japanese cultural assets such as folding screens and fusuma (Japanese sliding doors) by first photographing them with a digital camera, then processing the image with precise color-correction technology using a proprietary system and printing the image on a large- format inkjet printer. Finally, with the application of traditional craft techniques from Kyoto, such as gold leafing and mounting, the reproduction, which is as close to the original as possible, is complete. These reproductions are presented to former owners, related temples, museums, and local governments.
The project has been highly acclaimed for both preserving important Japanese cultural properties
and exhibiting high-resolution reproductions to
the public. In 2014, it received an award at the 11th Corporate Philanthropy Awards organized by the Japan Philanthropic Association.
In 2016, the project donated the reproduction of Scenes from the Tale of Genji on the screens of Tosa Mitsuyoshi in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, to the Byodo-in Temple in Kyoto.
The reproduction has been displayed at the Byodo-in Museum Hoshokan and the Tale of Genji Museum. The project also donated reproductions of 22 sliding doors, including Tiger in Bamboo and Bird and Plum Blossoms to Rinzai School Myoshinji Tenkyu-in Temple, completing a five-year effort to replace all 56 sliding door paintings of the Tenkyu-in Temple with reproductions. The originals have been entrusted to the Kyoto National Museum, and the reproductions are planned to be open to public twice a year, in spring and autumn.
Reference: the Tsuzuri Project
http://www.canon.com/tsuzuri/
The Tsuzuri Project (Cultural Heritage Inheritance Project) is certified as “Tokyo 2020 Nationwide Participation Programme” from the Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Presentation ceremony at the Tenkyu-in Temple
   Comment from the Director of the Kyoto Culture Association
The Tsuzuri Project and Canon Are Helping Introduce Japan’s Cultural Assets to the World
We are living in the age of rapid technological advancement, and it seems we are in danger of forgetting history, along with the valuable traditions and culture developed by our ancestors. Launched
a decade ago, the Tsuzuri Project bears a heavy responsibility as it works to link the people, the skills, and the craftsmanship of the past with those of the future. As a member of the project, I am very proud
to promote its value together with the employees of Canon. The project is now well-known not just in Japan, but also at museums around the world. Recently, when we approached the owner of a certain cultural asset, they said, “So you’ve come at last.” When I heard those words, I understood anew how important it is to keep
the Tsuzuri Project going, not just for the benefit of museums, but for society as a whole. I have a great deal of respect for the employees of Canon, who always pursue the best techniques for introducing Japan’s countless world-class cultural assets to as many people as possible. It is my desire to promote the Tsuzuri Project in the hope that, another decade from now, Japan will remain a superpower of tradition and culture.
Koji Tanabe
Director, Kyoto Culture Association (NPO)
 103 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Society)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Canon Junior Photographer Classes to Foster Environmental Awareness and Develop Creative Sensitivities
Canon Junior Photographers is a photography class for primary school students based on the theme
of nature. The objectives of the project are to raise children’s awareness about the environment and to develop their creative sensitivities. Since the program’s inception in 2004, more than 17,000 students all over Japan have taken part in Canon Junior Photographer classes.
In 2016, classes were held in 40 locations nationwide. The 2,225 participants first took part
in a digital photography class led by professional photographers or Canon employees, after which they were able to take their own pictures while enjoying the beauty of nature. Following the photo shoots, participants printed their photographs and showed them to the group. Their photographs were also shown at photo exhibitions held at participating schools and other places.
Canon will continue to offer a flexible program based on the needs of participants through close collaboration with host schools and organizations.
Elementary school students taking photos on the theme of “nature around you”
Canon Photography Contest, New Cosmos of Photography, Discovers Talented New Photographers
Canon started New Cosmos of Photography in 1991 as a project to support art and culture. The aim of the project is to discover, develop, and support up-and- coming photographers exploring the potential of photographic expression.
The contest seeks submissions in print, still image, or video format, that regardless of genre express creativity and a new, original point of view. To date, 25,701 people (groups) have submitted entries. A number of these entrants have become well-known photographers both in Japan and abroad.
for Excellence Awards and fourteen for Honorable Mention Awards. At the “2016 New Cosmos of Photography Tokyo Exhibition,” the winning works were displayed and the photographers held portfolio reviews and lectures on photography and videography.
Canon hopes to continue helping up-and-coming photographers take the first step in their pursuit of new photographic expression through New Cosmos of Photography.
Reference: New Cosmos of Photography
http://global.canon/en/newcosmos
2016 Grand Prize Winner of New Cosmos of Photography
Contributing to the Promotion of Sports
Future Nadeshiko Project to Support the Development of Female Soccer Players
As part of its sports promotion efforts, Canon Inc. has supported Canon Cup Junior Soccer, a futsal competition for elementary school boys and girls
in Japan, since 2001. Recognizing the growing demand to develop the level of girls soccer in Japan through this program, in 2014 we decided to focus on supporting girls soccer mainly at the elementary school level. We are a special corporate sponsor for the Canon Girls-eight, a U-12 girls soccer tournament involving eight-member teams, and Canon Girls Camp, a U-13 girls soccer training camp, both hosted by the Japan Football Association (JFA), through our partnership with the Future Nadeshiko Project.
In 2016, we took a variety of photographs at the tournament and training camp venues, afterwards providing them to the JFA, players, and coaches. We also put them up on our support website, Canon Girls Soccer Web. This has helped to publicize girls soccer in Japan and, we hope, will lead to its growth.
Looking ahead, we are committed to contributing more effectively while building a collaborative framework with the JFA and regional soccer associations.
  In 2016, seven of the 1,723 entrants were selected
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 104