Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
We launched the Canon Bird Branch Project, which encourages consideration of the “Cycle of Life”, as one of the various activities conducted at Canon sites around the world based on its Biodiversity Policy.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to the SDGs Targets
Target 15.2: Promote the implementation of sustainable management of all types of forests, halt deforestation, restore degraded forests and substantially increase afforestation and reforestation globally
Target 15.5: Take urgent and significant action to reduce the degradation of natural habitats, halt the loss of biodiversity and, by 2020, protect and prevent the extinction of threatened speciesBiodiversity Policy, Basic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
Bird Branch Project
Preservation of natural habitats and biodiversity Forest preservation, tree-planting initiatives
Target 15.5 Target 15.5 Target 15.2
 Target 15.2Target 15.5
Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
   Biodiversity Policy
Canon recognizes biodiversity as essential for a sustainable society. We carry out various activities to conserve and protect biodiversity under our Biodiversity Policy, which applies to the entire Canon Group.
Biodiversity Policy
Canon Bird Branch Project
Biodiversity refers to the way living things interact as they coexist on earth. Within this sphere, birds occupy the top position in a local ecosystem pyramid of plants, insects, and small animals, symbolizing the cycle of life.
In line with this concept, Canon promotes the Bird Branch Project as a symbol of the activities it conducts based on its Biodiversity Policy.
The Bird Branch Project was officially launched at Canon’s Shimomaruko headquarters (Tokyo) in 2015, following the creation of a wild bird habitat, including
the installation of birdhouses and bird baths, within the campus grounds. Moreover, we continuously examine wild birds through fixed-point monitoring using network cameras and a route census to investigate the types of wild birds living along a predetermined route. In June, designated as Environment Month in Japan, we set up an in-house display to raise awareness of our activities among employees.
Canon Inc.’s Toride Plant, Susono Plant, and Kawasaki Office joined the Bird Branch Project along with Oita Canon’s Oita Plant and Canon Research Centre France in 2016. Canon Research Centre France has been carrying out biodiversity surveys and conservation activities at its operational site since 2011 in conjunction with LPO, a local NGO and official partner of BirdLife International in France. Going forward, the company will step up these activities through collaboration within the Canon Group. In 2016, the Toride Plant, Susono Plant and Kawasaki Office along with the Oita Plant began surveying wild birds on their operational sites in conjunction with the Wild Bird Society, marking a full-fledged start to these activities.Basic Policy
Canon fully recognizes biodiversity as an important basis for a sustainable society, and promotes activities that contribute to biodiversity conservation.
Action Guidelines
Canon strives to conserve biodiversity with consideration for various regional characteristics from a global perspective.
Canon actively works to reduce the impact
on biodiversity associated with various business activities, and to conduct social-contribution activities that lead to biodiversity conservation.
Specific Actions
“Utilization of Canon technologies and products for biodiversity conservation”
Support for biodiversity conservation activities and projects
“Consideration for biodiversity centered on operational sites”
Ascertaining the impact of our business activities on biodiversity, and conservation of animal and plant habitats around operational sites “Contribution to the realization of a community rich in biodiversity”
Promotion of biodiversity conservation activities and educational activities in collaboration with local communities
65 Canon Sustainability Report 2017
Furthermore, Canon Marketing Japan Inc. kicked
     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Environment)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     off Bird Week in May by holding the Wild Bird Photo Festa feat. Canon Bird Branch Project. The event featured seminars on the ecology of wild birds and wild bird photography, providing visitors with an opportunity to gain knowledge about biodiversity and the etiquette of photographing wild birds.
Going forward, we plan to increase the number of
operational sites participating in the project as part of our
efforts to conserve and protect biodiversity.
Reference: Bird Branch Project website
http://global.canon/en/environment/bird-branch/index.html
Nest set up at Canon’s head office in Shimomaruko
Wildfowl survey at operational site conducted in collaboration with the Wild Bird Society of Japan
Utilization of Canon Technologies and Products to Support Biodiversity
Introducing the Habits of Wildlife through Photos (WILDLIFE AS CANON SEES IT, an environmental advertisement in National Geographic magazine) Canon aims to contribute to biodiversity conservation by utilizing its own technologies to communicate the importance and beauty of nature to people around the world.
Our environmental advertisement, WILDLIFE AS CANON SEES IT, has been running in National Geographic magazine since April 1981. Through photographs, we introduce the habits of wildlife that normally would be difficult to observe, and show the natural environment they live in.
In addition, Canon U.S.A. is involved in an ongoing
activity called Eyes on Yellowstone that involves monitoring
the precious wild animals in Yellowstone National Park. The
company also promotes other initiatives that make use of
Canon imaging technologies.
Reference: WILDLIFE AS CANON SEES IT
http://global.canon/en/ad/wild/index.html
Expressing the ecology of wild animals through photos
    Procurement Policy for the Sustainable Use of Forest Resources
To promote the sustainable use of forest resources, the Canon Group established a policy on the procurement of timber products to which it strictly adheres. Initiatives we pursue under this policy include the use of paper manufactured under forest certification schemes, and paper manufactured from environmentally conscious raw materials.
Basic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
1. Use sustainable forest materials
In its procurement of timber products, the Canon Group uses materials supplied from forest resources
managed exclusively for use as timber products. 2. Trace the origin of forest resources used
We seek the cooperation of business partners to ensure the traceability of products throughout the manufacturing process, from the harvest of raw materials onward.
3. Confirm evidence of traceability
Canon works with its business partners to ensure the traceability of materials used in Canon products (or OEM products) and their packaging that are subject to timber product regulations in each country.
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 66

Consideration for Biodiversity Centered on Operational Sites
The Oita Plant of Oita Canon promotes greening efforts throughout the property based on an integrated greenery plan suited to the surrounding environment. The site features a well-preserved natural forest, called Canon Forest, and a biotope in an effort to maintain biodiversity.
Under the concept of a “forest of co-creation,” the Kawasaki Office of Canon Inc. is creating a forest, extending over some 115,000m2, adjacent to a large-scale commercial facility. The office has been actively engaged in the greening of operational sites and other conservation activities aimed at creating
a forest area where the local community and nature can coexist.
In 2016, the Kawasaki Office received the
Japan Greenery Research and Development Center Chairman’s Award at the 35th National Plant Greenery Promotion Conference organized by the Japan Greenery Research and Development Center. The office received high marks for the proactive establishment of a large green space measuring approximately 45,000m2 (40% of the site area).
Contributing to the Realization of a Community Rich in Biodiversity Initiatives in Thailand
To preserve biodiversity in regional waterways, Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) has released 15,000 native fish into the Lamtakong Dam. At the same time, the company has worked to preserve the local habitat by initiating cleanup activities around dam and planting 200 trees.
Canon Prachinburi (Thailand) took part in
a rehabilitation program to return to the wild bears, tigers, alligators and other animals that had been captured to be pets or sold, and were being protected by the Wildlife Rescue Center.
On the day, 89 Canon employees along with Wildlife Rescue Centre staff and members of the environmental activity group Baimai.org took part in setting up various facilities, including an erosion- control dam, a watering hole and a saltlick.
Cleanup activities around Lam Ta
  Green area at the site of the Kawasaki Office
67 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Environment)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     “One Canon Machine, One Tree” Tree-Planting Activity in Malaysia
Canon Marketing (Malaysia) conducts the “One Canon, One Tree” program. Along with corporate clients that have opted to participate, Canon Marketing (Malaysia) plants one tree for each multifunction device it sells. In cooperation with Majlis Bandaraya Shah Alam (MBSA), in 2016 a total of 300 people—including Canon Marketing (Malaysia) employees and their families, corporate customers that had purchased multifunction devices, and local university students—planted around 1,000 trees in Taman Rekreasi Setia Impian (Western Park), located in the suburbs of Kuala Lumpur.
Some of the 300 people who participated in the project
Initiative in China: Tree-Planting Activity in a National Wetland Park
Canon Suzhou took part in a tree-planting event
in Suzhou Taihu National Wetland Park sponsored by the Suzhou New District Industries Association. Together, the participants planted 200 cherry trees.
National Tree Day Initiative in Australia
Canon Australia participated in National Tree Day, an environmental conservation event sponsored
by Planet Ark Environmental Foundation, an environmental NPO. Employees planted trees on the site of the company’s Sydney headquarters, as well as in the surrounding area.
Arbor Day Foundation’s Community Tree Recovery Program in the United States Canon U.S.A. has since 2009 cooperated with the Arbor Day Foundation, a forestry conservation organization.
This program seeks to restore forests in regions affected by natural disaster. One tree is planted for each imageRUNNER ADVANCE sold, and a total of 410,000 trees have been planted since 2009.
 Canon Sustainability Report 2017 68