Management Approach
Important Issues from the Perspective of Product Responsibility
In recent years, with the advancement of information technology due to the spread of the Internet, countless forms of information can now be obtained more easily than ever, and customers have a much greater interest in safety and the environment.
Canon offers a diverse range of products globally, for both businesses and individual consumers. As
a growing number of these products—including network cameras and medical equipment —
relate directly to the safety of society and the lives
of individuals, Canon’s product responsibility has become increasingly important. To increase the level of trust in the Canon brand, it is essential that we correctly convey information about the safety and environmental considerations of our products.
Based on our corporate philosophy of contributing to the betterment of society, we believe that providing products customers can use safely, securely, and with satisfaction represents one of
our most important missions as a corporation. We therefore, focus our efforts on ensuring product safety and improving product usability.
Ensuring Product Safety
Canon’s basic mission when it comes to quality is to ensure that customers have “no claims, no trouble,” and we work hard to ensure “Canon Quality”
Related SDGs
Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns
throughout the Group globally. We have created our own quality management system, and we strive to improve quality across the entire product lifecycle, from planning and development to production and after-sales service.
We have also established our own Product Safety Technical Standards that go beyond regulatory requirements. We use these standards in carefully assessing product safety during design and production. Furthermore, with the aim of improving customer satisfaction, Canon has created a system for gathering comments and requests received from users around the world, sharing the information among relevant divisions, and using this information for product improvements.
Improving Product Usability
Canon strives to develop products that different customers can use easily and with confidence, and
to provide information that helps them use those products appropriately. To ensure their accessibility by all sorts of customers around the world, we prepare product manuals that are easy to understand and actively apply universal design concepts in developing products.Canon Sustainability Report 2017 106
Quality Management
Canon strives to improve quality across the entire product lifecycle in order to provide customers with satisfying products.
Approach to Quality
Canon’s basic mission when it comes to quality is to ensure that customers have “no claims, no trouble.” To achieve this, we promote our motto of “Canon Quality” both inside and outside the company, as part of our dedication to realizing customer safety, peace of mind, and satisfaction.
We also conduct companywide activities to improve quality across the entire Canon Group at every stage, from product planning to design and development, production trials, production, sales, and after-sales service.
We thoroughly check quality in each process, from design and development to the start of production, while also ensuring that continual improvements in quality are achieved by sharing quality information and customer feedback obtained from sales and after-sales service points with departments in charge of product planning, design, and development.
around the world in order to implement appropriate quality assurance systems in accordance with the legal and regulatory standards of each country and region.
In addition to vertically integrated activities
conducted by each business division to provide
solutions to issues particular to that division, Canon
operates the Quality Improvement Committee
chaired by the head of the Global Quality
Management Center. This committee facilitates
horizontally integrated activities to address
company-wide issues.
Through these various activities, Canon will continue
to pursue “quality first.”
* The company regulations establishing Canon’s quality management system are recognized by the International Register of Certificated Auditors (IRCA) as an alternative standard to ISO9001.
Training and Educational Activities
Making a Total Commitment to Canon Quality
In order to maintain outstanding quality, each employee belonging to product-related divisions must always be mindful of quality in every aspect of their work.
At Canon, we strive to educate and foster greater awareness of quality among all employees by continually sharing our basic philosophy and motto on quality and by conducting Group-wide surveys on quality awareness.
Canon has designated November as Quality Month, and each year holds the Quality Fair and Quality Awards to recognize exceptional activities that have improved quality and share them throughout the Group.
2016 Quality Awards
1. Canon Vietnam’s manufacturing quality improvement activities
2. Optical Products Operations’ product quality improvement activities
 Product quality slogan: “Customer Safety, Peace of Mind and Satisfaction through Canon Quality”
Quality Assurance Systems
In order to fully realize “Canon Quality,” Canon has established a quality management system* that combines the requirements of ISO9001, an international quality management standard, with work mechanisms unique to Canon.
Our various business divisions work together with the Global Quality Management Center to hold regular meetings with Canon Group companies
  Most Excellent Award (First Prize)
  107 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Product Responsibility)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Continuing and Expanding Quality Education
Canon provides Canon Quality Basic Course highlighting the importance of quality on an ongoing basis.
In 2016, we launched a tiered training curriculum for use throughout the Canon Group. It includes
not only the existing training program for new employees, but also rank-based training up to managerial level. Canon Quality Basic Course was conducted 41 times (843 participants) at Canon Inc. and 27 times (627 participants) at Group companies, for a total of 68 times (1,470 participants).
In addition, to improve the effectiveness of
this training, we customized the training program for each department, taking into account specific situations and issues needing to be addressed in each department, and also actively conduct on-site training.
Concerning the guidebooks used as teaching materials, because it is important that employees have a clear understanding of the Canon way of thinking, not just at Canon Inc., but at all companies within the Canon Group, including overseas offices, we created multilingual versions of the Canon Quality Introductory Guide, which contains our philosophy on quality. We also developed an online version of the Canon Quality Guidebook, which is used to foster understanding of all of our quality activities.
2016 Quality Training System
Promoting Product Safety Education
Canon conducts product safety training based on its quality education system, encouraging employees to be thorough in ensuring product safety and preventing product accidents.
In addition to conducting courses examining such issues as product safety regulations, chemical safety regulations, product liability laws, and substantial safety technology, we also conduct a condensed product safety-training course for new employees covering topics from these courses.
Canon Inc. conducts e-learning activities to promote thorough understanding of the Voluntary Action Plan for Product Safety on an ongoing basis.
In 2016, these courses were held a total of 15 times, involving a total of 9,871 employees (7,205 employees of Canon Inc. and 2,666 employees of Group companies), including those participating in e-learning.
In addition, we conducted a course on accident- prevention strategies, and also focused attention on compliance by expanding opportunities for training that include e-learning courses on product safety regulations pertaining to electricity, electromagnetic waves, and chemicals.
In addition to these kinds of employee training programs, we also continually provide safety information, such as safety cautions when making repairs or exchanging parts, to Group companies involved with product sales, repair, and service.
   Canon Quality Basic Course
Rank-based training on quality awareness and basic knowledge (overview of specialized training areas)
General Managers and above
Managers
AssisMtaannt aMgaenrsaagnerds and Lead Specialist, regular employees
New employees
 Manager- level class
Basic knowledge and roles required of managers
in order to improve quality
 Inter mediate class
Renewed awareness of the importance of quality and basic knowledge about quality
 Beginner class
What all employees should know about Canon Quality
 Intro duction
Importance of quality for a manufacturer
        Specialized Training
Training on knowledge and skills shared across businesses in various specialized areas
 • QMS improvement Management • Internal quality auditors
Quality
System (QMS) • Measurement management
 Quality management
• Statistical Quality Control (SQC)
• Reliability management
• Occurrence/recurrence prevention
 Laws and regulations
• Product safety regulations
• Chemical safety regulations • Accessibility
 • Substantial safety technology
Product
safety/Product • Software vulnerability
liability (PL) • PL response
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 108

Ensuring Product Safety
We have set strict standards for managing quality that go beyond legal and regulatory requirements to ensure customers can use our products with complete peace of mind.
Voluntary Action Plan Based on the Basic Policy on Product Safety
Canon believes one of its most important missions as a manufacturer is to provide safe products that offer peace of mind and satisfaction. With this in mind, we formulated a Basic Policy on Product Safety to which some Group companies in Japan comply with.
Moreover, based on this policy, we have formulated a Voluntary Action Plan for Product Safety that we carry out in an effort to ensure product safety and to remain customer-focused.
We also comply fully with government laws and notices, and have developed a system for immediate reporting, for example, in the unlikely event of an accident involving one of our products.
Additionally, Canon Inc. and Canon Group companies in Japan have formulated and are following individual Voluntary Action Plans for Product Safety suited to their business format.
2016 Activities Scorecard for Canon Inc.
Management review by the president based on the Voluntary Action Plan for Product Safety (conducted annually since 2008)
Revised 13 in-house rules and regulations documents, including Product Safety Regulation Compliance Procedures and Quality Issue Action Regulations
Revised 18 in-house standards documents, including standards for product and chemical safety
Continued efforts to raise awareness among customers about smoke emission from counterfeit batteries and the safe handling of electric cords and plugs, etc.
Continued implementation of product safety education and emphasis on the importance of product safety during basic training on quality Continued implementation of updated e-learning course for all employees to promote understanding of the Voluntary Action Plan for Product Safety
Establishment of In-house Product Safety Technical Standards
Canon regards the provision of safe products as one of the most fundamental and important missions of a manufacturer.
We therefore require that all Canon products comply with our own Product Safety Technical Standards (for substantial safety*), which take into account customer perspectives on product use, together with legally stipulated product safety standards.
For example, we employ plastics that are more flame resistant than the law requires, and we implement double-protection schemes for important safety-related components.
We regularly revise these standards in light of technological advances as well as changes in how customers use our products, and changes in requests regarding safety and quality.
Based on these technical standards, we strictly enforce quality management in terms of safety at the design, evaluation, and manufacturing stages. We withhold from the market any products not meeting these exacting standards and ensure that all of our products are safe for use.
In 2016, we reviewed instructions and displays
for ease of understanding and accuracy of meaning,
aiming to deepen the connection between safety
efforts and safety technology in light of human
factors.
* Substantial safety: This means safety not just in terms of what is regulated by laws and statutes, but any safety issue that can reasonably be expected to arise when customers actually use our products.
Main Approaches to Safety Technology
Conduct safety assessments in light of human factors (physical function, abilities, thinking and behavior), taking into account the variety of possible actions a user may perform
Engage in joint development with manufacturers of essential safety-related components, such as non-combustible parts and non-fail protective components, and employ those meeting the requirements of Canon’s Qualification System for Parts and Components
109 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Product Responsibility)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Conduct safety confirmation testing based on abnormal voltage waveforms in commercial power supplies confirmed in regions around the world where Canon products are sold
Hypothesize abnormalities, such as component failure, and conduct stricter safety evaluation testing than is required by the laws of each country or region.
Quality Assessment During Development
Assessment Environment in Place for Delivery of Products That Are Safe and Offer Peace of Mind
Canon Inc. has set up testing facilities compliant with official standards and relevant laws to accurately and thoroughly assess the safety of products in terms
of electromagnetic interference (EMI), noise, flame resistance ratings, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), genotoxicity, and electrical safety.
Canon has also obtained certification in public standards such as ISO*1/IEC*2 and UL*3, enabling certified testing to be carried out in-house according to highly precise measurements.
Specifically, Canon is equipped with the industry’s leading testing technology, including semi-anechoic chambers for EMI testing that are among the
largest and best in Japan, a verification laboratory for testing the fire safety and ignition propensity of large products, shielded rooms, and semi-anechoic chambers for acoustic noise testing. In addition to EMC testing*4, Canon is able to conduct in-house
all testing necessary for applying for Blue Angel*5 certification.
*1 ISO: International Organization for Standardization, a non-governmental organization that formulates international industrial and commercial standards
*2 IEC: International Electrotechnical Commission, an international standardization group that formulates standards on electrical and digital technologies
*3 UL: Underwriters Laboratories, Inc., a company that conducts independent testing and certification of the safety of products that pass its assessment tests based on its own product safety standards established to standardize function and safety
*4 EMC (Electromagnetic Compatibility) testing: Consists of testing for electromagnetic interference caused by a product or its power source that may affect the operation of other equipment, and testing for electromagnetic susceptibility of the product itself that may result in malfunction
*5 Blue Angel: Launched in Germany as the world’s first environmental labelling (ecolabeling) system
EMI measurement of products in a semi-anechoic chamber
  Flammability verification laboratory for large products
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 110

Safety Assessment Initiatives
Safety Assessments of Chemical Substances Released from Products
Canon assesses the chemical emissions from its printers, multifunctional devices (MFDs), projectors, and other products.
Our assessments include measurements of benzene, styrene, ozone, dust, and ultrafine particles (UFP) necessary for acquisition of Germany’s Blue Angel environmental label.
We also measure volatile organic compounds (VOCs) for which exposure limits have been set both within Japan and internationally. We verify that emission levels meet our in-house standards, which match or even exceed those set worldwide.
The in-house laboratory conducting these assessments has received accreditation from Germany’s Federal Institute for Materials Research and Testing (BAM) and is therefore capable of conducting the assessments required for applications for Blue Angel certification. It has also received ISO/ IEC 17025 and 28360 accreditation to conduct measurements in a fair and neutral manner.
Starting in 2017, large equipment that had been excluded from the UFP-related standards
for receiving the Blue Angel mark will be required to meet those standards. Canon will continue to respond in a timely manner to this sort of standards tightening.
We consider protection of our customers and the environment to be of the highest priority. We are currently reviewing our processes and promoting efficiency through automation in order to shorten the assessment period.
Safety Assessment of Ink, Toner, and Other Consumables
Canon assesses the safety and ensures the quality of its ink, toner, and other consumables, enabling customers to use its printers and MFDs with confidence.
For example, with regard to the materials for ink and toner, we carry out assessments related to genotoxicity, which is thought to be closely linked to carcinogenicity, using bacterial reverse mutation tests and in vitro mammalian cell micronucleus tests. Regarding the latter, starting in August 2014, Canon has been able to conduct in-house assessments of the water-insoluble materials used in many Canon products.
Canon’s testing laboratories are highly reliable and have been certified by Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare as in compliance with Good Laboratory Practice (GLP)* standards in the
Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc. (Chemical Substances Control Law). Canon’s laboratories also comply with GLP standards set by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). Furthermore, Canon became the first in Japan to have its in vitro mammalian cell micronucleus test certified as in compliance with the GLP standards in the Chemical Substances Control Law.
In 2016, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare confirmed (via inspections) that Canon’s laboratories remain compliant with GLP standards in the Chemical Substances Control Law, and renewal procedures, which are conducted every three years, have been completed.
* Good Laboratory Practice (GLP)
The standard for the management, testing and reporting of facilities and organizations that operate as testing agencies conducting chemical substance safety assessments. Testing according to GLP standards ensures reproducibility and data reliability. GLP standards set by the OECD were enacted in 1981, and since then, member countries have developed domestic laws and regulations based on these standards. Facilities certified as compliant under Japan’s GLP standards in the Chemical Substances Control Law must have their certification renewed every three years, which involves receiving a new conformity screening prior to the expiration of the certification’s validity period.
 111 Canon Sustainability Report 2017
In vitro mammalian cell micronucleus test

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Product Responsibility)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Using Animal Testing to Assess the Safety of Chemicals
Certain laws and regulations in Japan and other countries require the submission of animal testing data when assessing the safety of chemicals, and in some cases, animal testing is an effective means of verifying the impact a chemical may have on human health or the environment.
In light of this, Canon conducts animal testing through a third-party specialist institution, but only in cases where it cannot obtain existing data externally with regard to the chemicals used in its toners and inks, and no alternative is available.
This approach is stipulated in our in-house rules on the safety of chemical products and in the Three Rs* for animal testing.
Canon will continue to gather information and conduct analysis on novel approaches and evaluation methods that do not require animal testing so that alternative forms of evaluation can be conducted.
* The Three Rs: A set of principles on animal testing advocated in 1959 for worldwide application
Reduction: Reduce the number of animals used in testing
Refinement: Minimize the suffering of animals
Replacement: Use alternative methods to animal testing
Qualification System for Electronic Parts to Ensure Safety and Reliability
Canon considers it essential to maintain and improve the quality and reliability of every component, including integrated circuits and various electronic parts, to ensure that products are safe and reliable. Consequently, we built and operate a qualification system of our own design for these electronic parts.
When selecting parts under this system, we evaluate reliability and structural soundness in accordance with standards for each type of part, ultimately using only electronic parts that meet these standards of quality.
In recent years, the market environment
has undergone significant changes, including
the consolidation or closure of electronic part manufacturers and the relocation of plants. In the face of such upheaval and in order to maintain appropriate levels of quality, Canon made substantial improvements to the change management system
that was already in place and has begun operating it as an essentially new system.
Canon is also working on enhancing its evaluation technologies to keep pace with advancements
in electronic parts. This includes high-precision nondestructive evaluation technologies such as
X-ray CT scans, and more detailed processing and observation technologies, as well as measurement technologies for higher-speed LSI.
Software Security and Response to Vulnerabilities
More and more of Canon’s products, including multifunctional devices and cameras, are being connected to other products via networks, greatly enhancing convenience.
At the same time, cybersecurity risks, such as leaks of personal or confidential information from a network-connected device, have increased.
In response to such risks, Canon installs security functions for network-compatible products during software development and conducts various types of vulnerability testing. We have also worked to raise awareness about security, vulnerabilities, and risks, and to standardize companywide approaches to testing methods. In 2016, to allow accurate risk assessments about the loading of security functions, Canon began applying unified technical standards for application during product development.
To prevent any recurrence of software vulnerabilities identified in the past, we introduced the Vulnerability Assessment Check-Sheet as a quality confirmation requirement at the time of production release approval. This parameter sheet is now used companywide for vulnerability verification processes.
Moreover, recognizing the importance of minimizing the impact on customers when a vulnerability is found after products have been shipped, we strive to share and release necessary information about any such issues in a timely manner. Accordingly, we have established a system to investigate market trends on vulnerability, including the products of other companies, and to quickly share information internally to prevent similar problems from occurring in our own products.
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 112

After-Sales Support
Online Support Services
In order to facilitate the resolution of issues, Canon provides customer-support services globally through its websites.
On these websites, customers can access support information, including FAQs, product specifications, and user manuals, and can download the latest software and drivers. Support information and software based on common content for worldwide use, as well as local content that has been added by marketing subsidiaries, are made available on our company websites in their respective languages.
Customer usage is continuously monitored and survey information analyzed, with feedback going to the divisions that created the relevant content. We continuously update the content based on frequently searched keywords, making it easier for customers to find what they are looking for.
In connection with the spread of mobile devices (including smartphones) in recent years, Canon is making efforts to optimize display screens and make other improvements to its online support services to make them easier to use.
Enhancing After-Sales Service Worldwide
After-sales service is critical for customers to enjoy long-term use of Canon products. We are therefore expanding our after-sales service network on a global scale in order to offer the same level of prompt, reliable support in every market worldwide.
Utilizing Feedback from Market Data Analysis in Product Improvements
In order to achieve the highest level of customer satisfaction, Canon incorporates user feedback in addition to conducting product evaluations from the customer’s perspective at the development stage.
One way we do this is through the Call Information Collection and Analysis System, updated in 2015. This is a system to collect customer feedback and requests received by call centers at our marketing subsidiaries worldwide. The development and production divisions and marketing subsidiaries can view this information at any time, helping them improve quality, revise user manuals, and develop better products. The results of call analysis are fed back to development teams who then use that information to improve customer convenience by, for example, improving displays on product control panels or simplifying methods for connecting to wireless LANs.
The system currently covers 27 countries and regions in the Americas, Europe, Asia, Oceania, and Japan.
Call Information Collection and Analysis System
  Regional Marketing Subsidiary Call Centers
 Database
  Information collection
Customer
Inquiry Response
Sharing and utilization of information
Global Quality Management Center
 Global database
Tabulate
/ categorize / search
 After-sales servicing
113 Canon Sustainability Report 2017
Products Operations
Quality Assurance Divisions / Development Divisions / Production Divisions
• Improve usability
• Improve manuals
• Incorporate into next
generation of products

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Product Responsibility)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Responding to Product Safety and Quality Issues
Although Canon strives to prevent product safety and quality issues, in the event that one does arise, it has in place a framework that ensures a prompt and appropriate response, including causal investigation, free repair, and information disclosure.
We keep our customers informed about product safety as well as quality issues and remedial procedures by placing product advisory statements in various newspapers and on our website.
In 2016, no product advisory statements were placed on our website. We did, however, post two quality notices and information pertaining to one incident report based on the Consumer Product Safety Act.
Flowchart of Countermeasures to Quality Issues
Process for Responding to Quality Issues
When quality issues arise, the marketing subsidiaries in each country, which serve as contact points for customers, file reports with the quality assurance division of the respective Canon Inc. products operations. The quality assurance division then analyzes the cause of the issue and looks into countermeasures. Moreover, in the event of a
major issue, related products operations, the Global Quality Management Center, legal division, and public relations division are consulted concerning response measures, and the matter is reported to the chairman/president.
When notification is made to customers via a company notice or Canon websites, we provide instructions to each marketing subsidiary in regions where the relevant product is sold, and, as a general rule, simultaneously release the information worldwide.
When issue arises
Inquiry
When major issue arises
Information disclosure
  Customer
Canon
Canon
Report countermeasures
Share information, clarify cause
Approval
Confirmation of response measures
When major issue arises conference to determine countermeasures
Other members • Legal division • Public relations
division, etc.
   Response
Information disclosure
Chairman/President
 Marketing subsidiaries in each country
 Senior General Manager Global Quality Management Center
Quality assurance divisions of products operations
 Chief Executives
Information disclosure
    Report
Instructions for response
   Canon Sustainability Report 2017 114

Improving Product Usability
Canon strives to develop products that different customers can use easily and with confidence.
Providing Information on the Appropriate Use of Products
Pursuing Usability for Canon Products
With the aim of making products easy to operate, Canon conducts user tests through the in-house monitor system utilizing employees in the product development stage. We also ask in-house specialists to give us their assessment.
We objectively test human factors, including physical characteristics, perception, judgment, and operational skills, to develop products that customers can use comfortably and with ease.
In a dedicated monitor test room, we have installed equipment that allows clear and detailed observation and recording of the behavior and actions of monitors as they operate devices.
User testing via in-house monitor system
Preparing Manuals that Are Easy to Understand
Along with improved product usability, Canon also works to increase the quality of user manuals to assist customers in using its products easily and safely.
In 2016, the user manual, guide to safety and important points, setup guide (main unit edition and connection edition), and basic operation manual for the PIXUS MG7730 (PIXMA MG7720 in North America; PIXMA MG7740 in Europe) won an Honorable Mention Award at the 2016 Japan Manual Contest in the paper manual/industrial category.
The contest is held by the Japan Technical Communicators Association with the goal of improving the quality of user manuals and developing the skills of manual writers, and is the most prestigious contest of its kind in Japan.
The PIXUS manual received high praise for
its design and composition, which, while being intended for use by people with advanced technical knowledge, was outstanding not only in terms
of searchability but also readability, usability, and portability.
Holding Special Design Classes in Cooperation with Universities Worldwide
With the aim of fostering the next generation
of human resources, Canon has teamed up with universities around the world to hold special design classes.
In 2016, Canon conducted a special course at Zhejiang University in China at the request of the Japan Institute of Design Promotion. Held in a workshop format over eight days, the course proved to be a mutually beneficial exchange: the students received valuable design instruction while at the same time Canon gathered information about the needs of the students.
In total, we conducted 11 special courses, including one at an institute of technology in the Netherlands.
Applying Universal Design in Product Development
Canon strives to create people-friendly products by pursuing functionality, operability, and convenience from the customer’s perspective in actual usage situations. As part of this effort, we have adopted
a universal design approach through which we endeavor to create products from a customer perspective from the design stage onward, facilitating use by all customers, regardless of age, gender, nationality, or physical ability. At Canon, we approach product design and development from the perspective of making the customer “look like a natural.”
 115 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Product Responsibility)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     For example, we conduct user-centric testing of displays, audible alerts, and voice guidance in our product controls, and check the extent to which terminology, icons, and other features match the perceptions of customers, so as to evaluate usability, accessibility, safety, comfort, and other criteria.
Information obtained via such testing is valuable in the development of more user-friendly products.
division. We also created pamphlets and set up a website to inform customers about the UDP initiatives under way at Canon.
Through such means, we will continue to share information and promote universal design both inside and outside the company.
Product Accessibility
Canon is working to increase the accessibility of its products. Accessible products are those designed for easy use by all, including the elderly and persons with disabilities.
Section 508 of the United States Rehabilitation Act requires that agencies of the federal government only purchase products that meet stipulated accessibility standards. The results of Section 508 accessibility evaluations of Canon products have been collected into a VPAT* and made available on the Canon U.S.A. website.
Similar legislation is now being developed in
Europe as well. Canon is committed to regularly
gathering the latest information, and to developing
products that are compliant with the accessibility
requirements of each country.
* VPAT: Voluntary Product Accessibility Template, a document that evaluates how accessible a particular product is according to Section 508 Standards.
 Analyzing the usability of products based on the physical conditions of users
Promoting Our Universal Design Project
Aiming to further encourage efforts in universal design, Canon established a universal design policy and a companywide Universal Design Project (UDP).
Based on the policy and project, we prepared a booklet that addresses the physical characteristics of users and various issues that arise during product use and distributed it throughout the developmentimageRUNNER ADVANCE Series is Easy to Use, Even for the Visually Impaired
The imageRUNNER ADVANCE series of multifunctional devices for offices features
voice guidance and voice recognition for basic commands, allowing for easier use by the visually impaired. Also, in features were enhanced in 2015, pinch-in and pinch-out touch operation was introduced for the LCD operation screen, enabling even people with low vision to operate these devices by increasing the size of buttons and words on the display.
 Product development with consideration for the visually impaired
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 116