Management Approach
Important Issues from a Labor and Human Rights Perspective
Respecting human rights is fundamental to Canon’s corporate philosophy “kyosei”. For example, in order for Canon to develop its business activities globally and realize sustainable growth, it is important to respect the human rights of each employee and to create a workplace environment that can maximize their abilities.
Based on this belief, Canon is carrying out various initiatives to address the five important issues presented below.
Hiring and Treatment of Human Resources
Canon is making efforts to make its workplaces more attractive in order to hire and retain talent to maximize their skills and abilities around the world. These efforts include providing fair and impartial treatment of personnel, comprehensive employee benefits, and support in achieving work-life balance.
Diversity
In a competitive global environment, Canon believes it is vital to mobilize human resources with diverse skills and talents and continually create new value. Canon actively encourages the fair hiring and promotion of employees, regardless of race, religion, nationality or gender.
Related SDGs
Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages
Reduce inequality within and among countries
Assisting Talent and Self Development
Based on the strategy in Phase V of our Excellent Global Corporation Plan, Canon is cultivating globally competent human resources. We also support career development and foster experts in a variety of fields.
Supporting Occupational Safety and Health
At Canon, the safety and health of employees form the foundation of our business activities, and we established the principle of “health first” shortly after our founding. Based on these philosophies, labor and management work together to ensure the safety of workers and support their health through regularly planned initiatives. As a result, we have created an environment where employees can work with peace of mind.
Respecting Human Rights
Over its 80-year history, respect for the rights of others has been an integral part of Canon’s corporate culture. Across the Canon Group, we do our best
to create workplaces that are free of all forms of discrimination and harassment and to prevent child labor and forced labor.Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls
Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 76
Hiring and Treatment of Human Resources
Canon strives to create an attractive workplace environment where employees are motivated to rise to challenges.
Basic Policy on Human Resources
To become a truly excellent global corporation, Canon believes that each employee must be an “excellent person.”
In line with its human resource measures, Canon
is building a corporate culture that encourages an enterprising spirit by guaranteeing respect for the values of ambition, responsibility and mission, as well as fair and impartial assignments, evaluations, and treatment based on merit. At the same time, we are focused on developing our next generation of leaders.
Guiding Principle of the Three Selfs Spirit
The San-ji (Three Selfs) Spirit has been a central guiding principle for Canon since its founding. The three “selfs” refer to 1) self-motivation: proactively taking the initiative; 2) self-management: conducting oneself responsibly and with accountability; and 3) self-awareness: knowing one’s position, roles and circumstances.
Canon encourages all Group employees to embrace the San-ji Spirit as they pursue their work with a positive and forward-looking attitude, and promotes this approach at Group companies worldwide.
Hiring and Retaining Talent
Canon seeks to hire and retain talent that can drive globalization and innovation in its businesses with the ultimate goal of sustainable growth. With this in mind, we follow a uniform policy for hiring, job placement and human resource development.
In 2016, Canon Inc. and Group companies in Japan embarked on a vigorous recruitment program, resulting in the hiring of 1,012 employees in total (excluding subsidiaries newly consolidated in 2016). Canon also has established various programs and systems, such as a career matching system (→P85)
to support the continued employment of each and every employee so that they remain motivated and can maximize their skills and abilities over the long term. We regularly conduct employee surveys and work to improve employee satisfaction. Thanks to these initiatives, Canon Inc. boasts one of the highest retention rates in the industry, with a turnover rate of only 1.1% in 2016.
Fair and Impartial Compensation System
Salary Linked to Duties and Performance
Canon Inc. has introduced a position-based pay system to evaluate and compensate individuals fairly and impartially, regardless of gender or age.
In this system, remuneration is based on duties and performance. Basic pay scales incorporate
the level of position in the company based on responsibilities and other factors. An employee’s achievements as well as work-related processes
and performance during the year are evaluated to determine annual remuneration. Bonuses reflect individual achievements and company performance.
This system is being applied across the Group worldwide, and has already been adopted by
the majority of Group companies in Japan and manufacturing subsidiaries in Asia. Systems for determining compensation based on duties and performance have already been established at Canon U.S.A. and Canon Europe, along with other Group companies in those regions.
Regarding basic salary amounts and increases as well as calculation and payment of bonuses, a
 Guiding Principles
Three Selfs
Adhere to the principles of self-motivation, self-management and self-awareness in day-to-day activities
Meritocracy
Make vitality (V), specialty (S), originality (O), and personality (P) daily pursuits
Internationalism
Strive to become a culturally sensitive, internationally minded, sincere and active person
Familism
Strengthen trust and understanding of others and work together in a spirit of harmony
Health First
Live by the motto “healthy and happy” and work to cultivate character
77 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Labor and Human Rights)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     committee meets with the Canon Workers’ Union four times a year to check whether remuneration
is being paid in accordance with the rules of
the labor agreement. The minutes of these meetings are made available to all employees. The committee also facilitates discussions between labor and management on the implementation and improvement of the compensation system.
Employee Benefit Programs
Canon Group companies in Japan offer various employee benefit programs, covering each stage of life from hiring to retirement, enabling employees to lead comfortable and enjoyable lives.
To foster workplace communication, Canon provides subsidy programs and funds clubs whose activities bring together people with shared interests, and maintains a range of facilities for employees, including cafeterias and gymnasiums. We also
host events for employees and their families that incorporate the local culture and customs of each region.
Examples of Employee Benefits (Canon Inc.)
With a view to securing their futures, in addition to Japan’s national social insurance programs, employees are eligible for added benefits that include a corporate pension plan as well as membership in our welfare association and health insurance society. Canon Inc. also offers a voluntary employee stock ownership plan, a savings plan and group life insurance policies, among other benefits.
Corporate Pension Plan
At Canon Inc., we offer the defined-benefit Canon Corporate Pension as a form of performance-based pay —a role- and grade-based retirement system— to supplement their public pension and contribute to a more comfortable retirement. A company-run pension fund manages pension assets so employees do not need to provide any additional funds. Other Canon Group companies in Japan have also set up their own corporate pension plans.
Canon Inc. also offers a defined-contribution pension plan, which, coupled with the defined- benefit pension plan, provides solid financial security.
  Employee stock ownership plan
Benefit
Employee savings plans
Overview
    House savings plans
 Pension savings plan
 Funded pension plan
 Canon family welfare association
 Canon Group life insurance
 Canon Group corporate accident insurance
 Group insurance
 Summer festivals
 Workplace sports competitions/athletic meets
 Workplace communication subsidies
 Canon employee clubs
   Fixed amount deducted from monthly salary and used to purchase Canon Inc. stock.
Savings plan for any purpose. May be used to save for marriage, education, furniture or car purchase etc. Savings plan for house purchase or, under certain conditions, extensions/renovations.
Plan aimed at receiving pension for five years or more from age 60 from funds saved during employment. Private old-age pension arrangement makes available breaks on income and residence taxes.
Aims to provide financial support to members and their families in the spirit of mutual aid, mainly to respond to unforeseen troubles such as disaster, personal injury, and extra hospital bed fees.
Canon Group insurance plan specializing in death benefits and critical injury coverage.
Comprehensive accident insurance that covers a wide range of circumstances in which the insured is hospitalized or undergoes surgery due to illness or disease, or has an injury or accident. Other categories of corporate accident insurance include income protection insurance and spousal income protection insurance, personal compensation insurance and golfer’s insurance.
Canon Group employees who join the plan can receive the group discount on insurance premiums. Group discounts apply to automobile, fire, cancer and medical insurance, among others.
Individual operational sites hold summer festivals for employees and their families. These events, which often include volunteer-run shops and musical attractions, allow employees and their families to come together with their colleagues for fun and relaxation.
To stimulate workplace communication, we hold sporting events at operational sites where employees can engage in such activities as volleyball and futsal. Events vary depending on the location, but they all enable large numbers to join in the fun.
We provide subsidies to stimulate communication within the workplace through such events as bowling competitions, New Year’s parties, cherry blossom viewing and year-end parties.
To bring employees closer together, Canon supports intramural sports and cultural activities. Each operational site hosts active sporting and culture-themed clubs.
             Canon Sustainability Report 2017 78

Reducing Total Work Hours
Canon works diligently to ensure that employee work hours comply with the laws of each country and region where it operates.
For example, at Canon Inc., we encourage workplaces to ban overtime work in principle and
to review work methods. We have also taken other measures, such as encouraging employees to take their paid leave, which brought the annual hours worked per employee in 2016 down to 1,721, which is 78 hours less than 2010 (1,799 hours) when efforts to reduce work hours began.
We will continue our efforts to keep total hour worked per year to less than 1,800.
Flexible Work Styles
In 2005, Canon Inc. formulated an action plan following the guidelines of Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. Based on this plan, we are encouraging the adoption of flexible work styles while helping employees achieve work-life balance, and taking steps to aid the development of the next generation.
Promoting Flexible Work Styles
Canon Inc. has a number of leave programs that enable employees to take time off flexibly to respond to their personal circumstances.
Main Leave Provisions (Canon Inc.)
To promote flexible work styles, in April 2014 we introduced a program in which employees can take leave in 30-minute increments for such reasons as childcare, illness or injury.
To encourage planned vacations, in 2000 we introduced a program in which employees can take five consecutive days of vacation once a year.
In April 2015, we launched the fifth phase of the action plan outlined in the table below. This phase spans the three-year period to March 2018.
Confirmed that, in addition to female employees, who have made up the majority of those taking advantage of these programs,
the trend for use of these programs by male employees is on the upswing.
Prohibited overtime work, in principle, throughout the year. Implemented earlier work hours from July–September as campaign period to promote work-life balance. This was maintained as an opportunity to pursue further improvements to labor practices. Provided employee benefits program for encouraging self- development during the earlier work hours.
Total work hours company-wide decreased by 78 hours compared to 2010*2.
Continuously conducted throughout Japan the following community contribution activities for children
(1) Unique tutorial program for children, including lessons on
lens-crafting and environmental education outreach programs (2) Junior Photographers photography classes
(3) Support for girls soccer (Canon Girls-eight, Canon Girls-Camp) (4) Tag rugby lessons and rugby lessons, etc.
(5) Track and field clinics
 Time-unit leave program (in 30-minute increments)
 Open vacation program
   Annual Hours Worked per Employee (Canon Inc.)
       2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
        Total work hours
1,744 1,740
1,751 1,762
1,721
   Action Plan Phase V (from April 2015 to March 2018)
   Action Plan
Measures
Regularly check the performance of employees using work-
life balance programs, and
have VIVID*1 and the Work-
style Innovation Committee work together to consider and implement specific measures before March 2018.
Results as of the End of 2016
     (1) Promote use of work-life balance programs and raise participation rate.
    (2) Make work-style reform a part of our corporate culture, continue efforts to reduce overtime work, promote use of paid leave, and maintain an appropriate level of total work hours.
Use total work hours as an indicator for work-life balance, and in 2015 work to raise awareness of this change internally through visualization techniques, and consider and implement specific measures for 2016 and beyond.
    (3) Carry out community contribution activities targeting children—who are the future of our communities.
Continue reaching out to local regions and communities and implement appropriate initiatives from April 2015 to March 2018.
       *1 VIVID: VItal workforce and Value Innovation through Diversity, a company-wide horizontally integrated organization for promoting diversity (→P82) *2 The year that activities to reduce total work hours commenced.
79 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Labor and Human Rights)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Supporting Working Parents
To enable employees to focus on childcare responsibilities with peace of mind, Canon Inc. offers an array of programs, including childcare leave for employees raising children up to the age of three, which go beyond the legally stipulated minimum requirements. Hotlines have been set up at each of our operational sites to handle employee inquiries about these systems.
To support the work-life balance of those in our local community, Canon Inc. established Poppins Nursery School Tamagawa. Located on our property adjacent to the Shimomaruko headquarters,
the school is certified by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government and open to local residents. Approximately 40 children are enrolled at the school.
Main Support Provisions (Canon Inc.)
In April 1992, we introduced a program allowing one year of childcare leave. The program was later expanded to one year and two months
in April 2003, one year and six months in April 2005, and three years in April 2007, improving the work situation for the child-rearing generation.
In April 1992, we introduced shorter/flexible work hours. After returning to work, employees may choose to start an hour later or finish an hour earlier for a maximum work-hour reduction of two hours per day. Flexible working hours involve starting anytime between 8:00 and 9:30. These provisions support employees in balancing work and child rearing.
Number of Employees Taking Childcare and Nursing Care Leave (Canon Inc.)
Return Rate and Number of Employees Returning from Childcare/Nursing Care Leave (Canon Inc.)
   Returning from childcare leave
Number of returning employees
136 (15)
134 132 (9) (22)
169 185 (30) (37)
2014
100 97.8 100 100 97.3 6 8 13 9 18
100 100
100 100 100
* ( ) Number of male employees
Development of Childcare and Nursing Care Leave
Programs (Canon Inc.)
2015
2016
 Return rate (%)
  Returning from nursing care leave
Number of returning employees
 Return rate (%)
   1998
2005
2007
2010
2014
2016
  Childcare leave
  Supporting working parents (shorter/ flexible work hours)
      25 19 27 34 30
24675
7 12 13 9 15
45664
261 263 222 260 248
* Number of employees in that year using the system for the first time. * ( ) Number of male employees
Supporting Employees’ Volunteer Activities
In recognition of the growing interest in volunteer activities within the community and among employees, Canon Inc. established a volunteer
leave system in 1994. Under this system, employees wishing to participate in volunteer activities certified by the company may take up to one year of leave (two years and four months in the case of JICA Japan Overseas Cooperation Volunteers.)
2013
 Taking childcare leave
2012
2014
2015
2016
186
*1 *2
Introduced program of reduced work hours for childcare*1
Introduced childcare leave support program*2
Introduced maternity leave program for mothers, subsidy program for infertility treatment costs, and infertility treatment leave program to support childbirth
Revised program of reduced work hours for childcare, reducing unit of work from one hour to 30 minutes Established nursing care leave program
Introduced time-unit leave program where employees can take leave in 30-minute increments due to certain situations (illness or injury, childcare, nursing care, etc.)
Units for child nursing leave and nursing care leave reduced from one day to 30 minutes
Reduced work hours for employees with young children: Employees raising young children may reduce their workday, in 30-minute increments up to two hours, until the child has finished the third grade of primary school. Childcare leave support program: Canon Inc. provides support to employees who are returning to work after taking childcare leave through our Himawari Club internet portal site. The Himawari Club aims to reduce unease accompanying the return of those who have taken childcare leave and to maintain and improve their vocational skills to enable a smooth return to the workplace.
2012
2013
   154 153 (15) (14)
147 169 (3) (9)
168 184
(22) (30) (43)
144 142 132 (7) (10) (4)
 Using reduced work hours for childcare
 Taking maternity leave
 Working reduced hours due to pregnancy
 Taking nursing care leave
 Using reduced work hours for nursing care
 Applications for childbirth support
 Canon Sustainability Report 2017 80

Worker–Management Relations
At Canon Group companies in Japan, worker- management relations are founded on the principle of prior consultation, that is, finding solutions through thorough discussion. Candid discussions between management and the labor union are
held whenever policies that affect wages, working hours, safety and health, and welfare issues are to be implemented.
Every month, Canon Inc., Canon Marketing Japan, Fukushima Canon and Ueno Canon Materials convene a Central Worker/Management Conference with the Canon Workers’ Union to exchange opinions and information spanning a range of subjects.
The 2016 conference focused on recent developments at the company and within the workers’ union. Additionally, special committees have been established to consider wages, working hours, safety and health issues, and welfare. Based on these conferences, new systems are established and policies enacted. As of the end of 2016, combined employee membership in the Canon Workers’ Union totaled 27,456, representing 81% of Canon Inc.’s workforce.
Group companies in Japan hold a similar conference, which they refer to as the Canon Group Workers’ Union Conference. This conference brings together 17 Group workers’ unions, including executives from 20 Group companies as well as representatives of the Canon Workers’ Union. In 2016, reports on the current situation of both labor and management throughout the Group as a whole were presented. As of the end of 2016, there were 52,160 employees in unions that belonged to the Canon Group Workers’ Union Conference.
In accordance with the labor laws of each country and region in which we operate, Canon continuously maintains proper labor relations based on thorough dialogue between labor and management at Group companies outside Japan.
Canon will continue to implement changes based on mutual understanding and trust with the Canon Workers’ Union in its pursuit of continuous development.
Minimum Notification Period for Changes in Work Duties
Canon Inc. has established a minimum notification period clause within its labor agreement to ensure that personnel transfers do not negatively impact the lives of employees.
Employees receive official notice of personnel transfers at least two weeks in advance for temporary assignments and at least one week for other types
of transfers. Employees who need to relocate due to the transfer are officially notified up to four weeks in advance.
Additionally, Canon Group companies inside and outside Japan have established minimum notification periods in accordance with the laws and regulations of the countries and regions where they operate.
81 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Diversity
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Labor and Human Rights)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Canon aspires to be a company that grows by openly accepting and working with people having different characteristics and perspectives.
Policy on Respecting Diversity
Under its corporate philosophy of kyosei, Canon respects diversity globally and actively encourages the fair hiring and promotion of employees, regardless of gender, age, or disability.
In 2012, Canon Inc. established Vital workforce and Value Innovation through Diversity (VIVID), a companywide horizontally integrated organization to promote diversity. VIVID carries out companywide activities.
Promoting the Active Participation of Women
Canon strives to create a workplace environment
in which female employees can more actively participate by engaging its diverse human resources in various decision- making processes in an effort to encourage innovation.
At Canon Inc., we have implemented a number of initiatives to deepen understanding of diversity, including exploring issues through surveys and roundtable discussions as well as hosting lectures from outside experts.
Additionally, we are using our company intranet to post interviews with various employees, including ones who have remained active in balancing their work with various life events, managers who support their activities, and male employees who have taken childcare leave.
In 2016, Akiko Tanaka, executive officer of Canon Inc. and President and CEO of Canon BioMedical, Inc., gave interviews and talks on the topic of balancing her career and life events. Upwards of 900 employees attended her speaking engagements.
Other initiatives include roundtables where female managers talk about their own life experiences, and back-to-work seminars where employees who have returned after childcare leave review case studies together with their managers.
Percentage of Female Employees (Canon Inc.)
15.3 2.2 4.2
(%)
 Employees
  Managers
  Executives
   Diversity Promotion Structure
(As of December 31, 2016)
 VIVID
Vital workforce and Value Innovation through Diversity Diversity promotion project
Chief
Secretariat
 Officer in charge
        New territories
Career development
Strengthen internal communication
Group support
   Lecture by Akiko Tanaka, the President and CEO of Canon BioMedical
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 82

Women’s Leadership Training
Canon Inc. conducts women’s leadership training as part of its efforts to support the career development of women.
As part of the training, participants work together in groups to develop new business proposals. The assignment involves gathering information through interviews with various individuals both inside and outside the company, and then formulating and presenting their proposals from a female perspective, which contributes to greater vitality in the company.
Since its launch in 2012, more than 100 female have completed leadership training and are playing active roles in their workplaces, including at overseas locations.
Group Company Activities
In 2016, activities to promote the active participation
of women under VIVID were extended to all Group companies in Japan. The president and head of human resources of each company attended a meeting, confirming the launch of initiatives to promote the active participation of women across the Group. This was the catalyst for domestic Group companies to adopt initiatives that Canon Inc. was already putting into action.
Group companies in Japan are also taking a number
of initiatives to support women’s career development, including career training and courses for women who have returned from childcare leave.
In addition, Canon U.S.A. carries out activities to promote diversity and inclusion based on our philosophy of kyosei.
As part of its activities to promote the active participation of women, Canon U.S.A. created a Business Resource Group (BRG) named Women in Leadership Levels (or WiLL for short). This project supports women’s participation through a variety of opportunities, including networking events, lectures and mentoring.
In Canon U.S.A. the logo mark of will
LGBT Community and Other Sexual Minorities
The Canon Group Code of Conduct emphasizes respect for the individual and prohibits discrimination based on race, religion, nationality, gender, age,
or sexual orientation. Our initiatives cover sexual minorities, including the lesbian, gay, bisexual and
transgender (LGBT) community.
With the goal of eliminating all forms of
discrimination from the workplace, training for managers includes education on preventing discrimination. Compliance meetings at the workplace level are used as a forum to ensure companywide understanding.
With regard to provisions for employees belonging to sexual minorities, Canon provides such amenities as gender-neutral washrooms and private dressing rooms. We also have an internal hotline for employees wishing to speak with a specialist counselor.
Workforce Globalization
Canon is working to establish a Three Regional Headquarters management system in Japan, Europe and the U.S. as part of Phase V of the Excellent Global Corporation Plan. We are now widely searching for talented human resources from around the world to support this system.
As part of these efforts, for example, Canon Inc. has opened the door to international students as part of its regular hiring activities. Non-Japanese nationals are hired as contract workers for specialist positions to utilize their specialized knowledge, skills and experience.
Utilizing the Abilities of Veteran Employees
Canon Inc. makes full use of the wealth of knowledge and skills of its veteran staff. In 1977, a time when the retirement age at most Japanese companies was 55, Canon Inc. was one of the first companies in Japan to set its retirement age at 60. In 1982, we introduced a system for re-employing retired employees until the age of 63.
In 2000, we partially revised our system for re- employment after retirement and introduced a system of open recruitment internally for re-employment posts. Further, we raised the age limit for re-employment to 65 in 2007. A variety of positions with different work environments and working conditions are made available to employees who request re-employment after retiring. These veterans work effectively, putting their experience and expertise to good use in various ways, including as prior-art technology examiners, promoters of intellectual property, career counselors, and quality or environmental inspectors.
As of the end of December 2016, there were 937 rehired employees in total, of which 285 were rehired in 2016.
 83 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Labor and Human Rights)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Assisting Talent and Self Development
Canon provides every employee the opportunity to build and advance their careers.
Supporting the Development of Talent
One of the key strategies in Phase V of the Excellent Global Corporation Plan is to cultivate globally competent human resources capable of performing duties while maintaining a global perspective.
Under this key strategy, Canon is developing human resources that can contribute to its global operations in various fields, such as management, technology development, and manufacturing.
Canon Inc.’s Educational System for Employees
To motivate employees and enhance skill specialization, Canon Inc. maintains an educational system for rank-based, elective and self-development training.
Rank-based training enhances knowledge and skills required for carrying out the duties of each job grade, and fosters awareness of required actions defined in the Guiding Principles. Furthermore, general employees take business skills training as a supplement to rank-based training. Elective training supports employees’ acquisition of knowledge and skills necessary for fulfilling their duties, and self- development training provides participants with knowledge and skills for their personal development.
These training programs also cover such issues as harassment prevention and compliance in order to develop trustworthy employees.
Our goal is to further reinforce efforts to systematically cultivate the next generation at Canon, concentrating on the development of management- oriented, globally minded and technologically skilled human resources.
Canon Inc.’s Career Development Support Programs
Enhanced Management Training
Canon Inc. is focusing on the development of management-level employees through programs that include rank-based management training for all newly appointed managers. We are diversifying our training formats and content through the active use of various e-learning training programs and so on.
Canon Inc.’s Employee Training System (Excluding Senior Leadership Training)
Job Grade
    M
Position
Group Executive
Rank-based Training
Self- development
         Senior General Manager / Plant Manager
        Principal Staff Engineer
    General Manager
Senior Staff Manager
Training for newly appointed general managers
Elective Training
      Manager
Staff Manager
Training for newly appointed managers
       G
 T
Assistant Manager / Foreman
General employee
Senior Engineer / Associate Staff Manager
Training for newly appointed assistant managers and foremen
 Training for newly appointed G4 level employees
  Training for newly appointed G3 level employees
 Training for newly appointed G2 level employees
 Training for newly appointed G1 level employees
 Training for mid-career hires Training for newly hired employees
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 84
Correspondence course Language training
Training for IP, CE, procurement, product quality, environment, logistics, etc. Manufacturing training
Specialized technical training
External training, lectures, etc.
PC training (MS-Office, OS/HTML, security, etc.)
Global skills training (language, preparation for overseas transfer, TOEIC, etc.) Interpersonal skills and conceptual skills training

Regular Career Development
Under the position-based pay system, we evaluate the conduct of each employee as well as the extent to which assigned duties are fulfilled, with the results reflected
in wages and human-resource development initiatives. Supervisors assign duties to their employees at the start of the year and both parties meet in an interview format to discuss and verify the details. During a mid-year interview, the supervisor checks on progress and adds or removes duties and revises targets as needed. At the end of the year, both parties evaluate the achievements for that particular year.
Evaluations are based on two factors: first, the extent to which an employee fulfills assigned duties, basically focusing on work results and the processes used to reach those results; and second, whether their actions meet expectations as an employee of an “excellent global company.” When discussing the evaluation, supervisors offer advice and guidance on improving results and the employee’s conduct. This enables employees to objectively understand their own strengths and weaknesses, which aids them in achieving further growth. Also, during the interviews, supervisors and employees discuss career matters, providing supervisors valuable insight into the career vision and aspirations of employees, which they can then utilize in future development plans.
Career Matching System
Canon Inc. has also established an internal career matching system to support its employees in pursuing satisfying careers. The system matches the right people to the right jobs, promotes internal mobility of human resources and brings greater vitality to the company. In 2016, 81 employees were transferred through this system.
In 2015, we launched a career matching system featuring a combination of internal recruitment and training. The career matching system enables employees who wish to make further use of their skills to apply to work at specific workplaces and in particular types of work. By comparison, employees who do not have the experience to do so but wish to take on new working challenges can apply through our “training-type” career matching system. This system provides training opportunities to gain requisite skills, and then offers employment based on their skill level. The training period is up to five months, depending on the type of work. In 2016, 20 employees were transferred to new workplaces under this system.
Post-Retirement Career and Life Plan Training
Canon holds Creative Life Seminars for employees when they reach the ages of 45, 50, and 54 in order to help them plan
for their retirement years. By providing employees with an opportunity to think about their life plan and career plan at an early stage, we help them to systematically plan and prepare for life after the age of 60. The content of the Creative Life Seminar varies according to the age of attendees. The first seminar focuses on financial planning for stable living in the future. The second helps participants to build an optimized career plan for the rest of their employment and subsequent retirement. The third addresses life planning from various perspectives, including personal development after retirement, budgeting, and health.
Career and Life Plan Seminar Participants in 2016
     85 Canon Sustainability Report 2017
45-yr-olds
50-yr-olds
54-yr-olds
     Participants
226 366
1,126
(772 employees, 354 spouses)
   Recipient of Grand Prize in Good Career Company Awards 2016
Canon received the Grand Prize (Minister’s Award) in the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare’s 2016 Good Career Company Awards for its efforts in career development support.
The Good Career Company Awards recognize companies that are making exemplary efforts to support their employees’ autonomous career development.
In selecting the recipients of this year’s prize, the judging committee awarded Canon high marks for the following:
Support for career development provided by both the human resources development department, which is responsible for training, and the department in charge of career counseling. Systems for internal career matching as well as career development support interviews in operation since
2005, and the launch in 2016 of a combined training and career matching system.
Provision of e-learning programs and opportunities for self- development. The establishment of committees to develop engineering human resources through rank-based training programs for new hires all the way up to veteran leaders was also recognized.
Going forward, we will foster employee engagement in the workplace through our personnel systems and training while developing consultation systems closely attuned to the needs of our employees.

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Labor and Human Rights)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Career Development Support for Employees
Canon provides a program known as My Career Course as part of its career development support
for employees. This course encourages autonomous growth by having each employee reflect on his or her own goals and life plan. Canon Group employees mostly in their 30s and 40s and from a variety of fields attend the course. Begun in 2001, some 1,500 people had participated in this course as of 2016.
Additionally, various e-learning courses are offered throughout the year to encourage personal development. Since 2014, from July to September Canon holds self-development support events during periods for promoting work-life balance.
Canon also provides learning opportunities to employees usually unable to attend training because they work in a remote location or their schedule does not permit. We ensure that all sites have the same access to events, by dispatching in-house instructors, for example.
Self-Development E-Learning Programs
59 52 199 318 343 577 746 6,766 9,999 9,938
Fostering Experts in Various Fields
Development of Human Resources in Engineering
Canon promotes the retention and development of engineering human resources in order to continually generate innovation as a manufacturer.
For example, Canon Inc. has training systems in place for each of its specializations, including machinery, electronics, optics, materials, and software, to support the development of next- generation human resources in engineering.
A committee for the development of engineering human resources has been set up for each of the five core specializations noted above. These committees develop rank-based training programs, from new hires to junior engineers and all the way up to veteran leaders, as well as conducting courses and carrying out other initiatives. We also offer various forms of training for those specializations not represented by one of these committees.
In 2016, a total of 228 programs and 353 classes were held in these specializations, with 4,126 engineers from Group companies in Japan, taking part.
Number of Participants in Technical Training
  2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
  Number of programs
 Number of participants
5,000
  2016 Event Report 4,000 3,000
9 325 2,000
2 82 1,000
10 674 0
3,748 3,745
4,126
2016 (Year)
    3,196
     Theme
Event name
Number of sessions
Participants
       Language skills
English ability diagnostic test
1,808
2012
2013 2014 2015
    Global awareness
Cross-Cultural Exchange Seminar
    Business skills
PowerPoint Design Course
    * Including students of WBT (Web Based Training) from 2014
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 86

Development of Global Human Resources in Manufacturing
At Canon, we seek to foster manufacturing skilled personnel at each overseas production site as we press on toward sustainable development of global production system in harmony with the international community.
Specifically, we are focusing on developing human resources who support production activities, mainly through the Manufacturing Training Center of Canon Inc. In 2016, a total of 443 employees who work in overseas production sites took part in training programs organized by the Manufacturing Training Center.
In order to promote training at overseas sites, Canon also focuses on instructor-development training that seeks to develop instructors for technological and technical skills training as well as workplace management training. In 2016, instructor- development training was held on 34 occasions, with a total of 136 employees participating.
Utilizing a dedicated video conferencing system, in 2017 we launched distance training, which enables to share information in real time, with the aim of increasing program participation.
The Technical skills test, featuring the same standards as those in Japan, has also been established at overseas sites with the goal of improving technical skills development.
In 2016, that test was carried out on seven types of work skills, including Injection molding, Board mounting, and factory automation (FA), at a total of eight sites in Thailand, Vietnam, China, and Malaysia, with 401 employees participating.
Developing Globally Minded Personnel
With 376 operational sites* worldwide as of the end of 2016, the globalization of Canon’s operations is proceeding apace. Against this backdrop, we are stepping up training to develop a globally minded workforce, given the urgent task to develop human resources with leadership abilities that can be utilized on the international stage.
* The number of operational sites includes consolidated subsidiaries and equity-method affiliates.
Enhancing Senior Leadership at Group Companies Outside Japan
Canon offers Global Leadership Training to senior management of Group companies outside Japan
in order to share the company’s management philosophy and develop leaders skilled at innovation in a global environment.
Internationalization Training for Young Employees
In order to help employees acquire language and international business skills, Canon Inc. has established a system to allow employees to gain overseas work experience early in their careers.
For example, the Asia Trainee Program enables recruits who are 30 years old or younger to engage
in practical study at local companies in Asia. After five months of language training at university, the trainees spend about one year gaining practical experience at Asian affiliates. The program started in 1995, and by the end of 2016, 99 employees had taken part.
The Europe–US Trainee Program dispatches young employees to Europe and the United States. Started in 2012, the program has thus far provided training
to a total of 42 employees, as of the end of 2016. For employees dispatched to non-English speaking areas, we offer language education and practical training similar to the Asia Trainee Program, and expect that they will play an important role in developing our business in such markets as South America and Russia.
The Overseas Study Program for Technicians is intended to develop engineers and technicians who can function internationally, as well as enable them to acquire skills that they can use to contribute to Canon’s core businesses in the future. This program began in 1984, and 109 employees had gone to study at universities in the US and Europe as of 2016. In light of our plans to improve our R&D organization in the US and Europe, we plan to select approximately 10 employees each year for overseas study.
Asia Trainee taking part at an Asian subsidiary
 87 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Labor and Human Rights)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Vitalizing Human Resources Through International Assignments
Canon established the Canon Global Assignment Policy (C-GAP) as an international assignment system for our global Group companies to stimulate international personnel exchanges, not only from Japan to other countries, but also from other countries to Japan, and internationally between the US and Asia, for example. The goal of this program is to promote global business cooperation and
the development of human resources capable of functioning at the global level.
C-GAP is a global personnel policy shared by
our Group companies, and personnel assignment policies in each respective region are based upon
it. Combining these policies allows us to further promote personnel exchanges and to share basic philosophies and structures, while providing for flexibility in dealing with the special characteristics of each region, such as laws and culture.
For example, in Europe and the United States
we have the US/Europe exchange program, which enables employees with at least three years of service to participate in a personnel exchange for a period of one year, and in Asia we have the ASIA C-GAP, which is a one-year training program in Europe and the United States for developing executive management candidates from Asia.
As of the end of 2016, 1,308 employees were being deployed on international assignments under this program.
Global Personnel Management: C-GAP
Various Certification and Award Programs
Canon has established certification and award programs to honor Group employees for their outstanding achievements.
For example, at the Canon Summit Awards, Canon honors Group companies, departments, teams and individual employees who have made a major contribution to the development of the company in terms of activities or products.
Regarding other accolades, Canon provides the Invention Award to honor employees’ contributions to inventions and intellectual property, the Quality Award for their contributions to quality improvement, the Production Innovation Award for outstanding activities leading to production-related innovations, the Canon Meister Award Systems (certification/commendation) for their contributions to advancements in manufacturing using a wide range of skills , the Canon Master Craftsman certification for their outstanding skills that Canon should pass down, the Environment Award for their excellent environmental practices, and the Procurement Innovation Award for their activities that greatly contribute to enhancing procurement functions.
Certifications and Awards in 2016
3 (products), 3 (activities) 38 (389 award winners)
2 Most Excellent Awards
3 Excellent Awards
1 Review Committee Award
2 Production Innovation Excellence Awards 7 Production Innovation Merit Awards
(4 Merit Awards, 3 Focus Awards)
2 Canon Master Craftsman
2 Expert Grade S recipients
20 Grade 1 recipients
(Cumulative totals: 73 Expert Grade S, 320 Expert Grade 1 recipients)
1 Environmental Award
3 Environmental Encouragement Awards
2 President’s Awards, 4 Honorable Mentions
Certifications and Awards in 2017 (As of June 30, 2017)
2 Production Innovation Excellence Awards 8 Production Innovation Merit Awards
1 Canon Master Craftsman
12 Grade 1 recipients
(Cumulative totals: 73 Expert Grade S, 332 Expert Grade 1 recipients)
4 Excellent Awards
3 Honorable Mentions
 Canon Summit Awards
 Invention Award
 Quality Award
 Production Innovation Award
 Skilled Technician Award
 Canon Meister Certification/ Commendation
 Environment Award
 Procurement Innovation Award
                Japan
Europe
Americas
Asia
 C-GAP (Canon Global Assignment Policy)
 IAP* of Canon Inc.
Philosophy & General Rules
IAP of Canon Europe
IAP of
Canon Americas
IAP of Asia
 Global Guidelines
    Production Innovation Award
 Skilled Technician Award
 Canon Meister Certification/ Commendation
 Procurement Innovation Award
   IAP: International Assignment Policy
    Canon Sustainability Report 2017 88

Occupational Safety and Health Support
Canon supports initiatives aimed at improving occupational safety and health so that employees can focus on their work with peace of mind.
Policy and Structure
At Canon, the safety and health of employees form the foundation of our business activities. Adhering to the principle of “management without safety is not management,” labor and management work hand in hand to support safety and health.
Canon has established the Central Safety and Health Committee as its highest body overseeing health and safety. The committee establishes policies and medium-term plans regarding safety and health primarily at Canon companies within Japan, while also promoting the elimination of occupational accidents, the maintenance and improvement of health, traffic safety, fire and disaster prevention, and the creation of pleasant workplaces.
Overseas, mostly at production facilities in Asia, we conduct safety and health activities via the Safety and Health Committee, with consideration given to specific circumstances in each region and at each company.
Occupational Safety
Creating Workplaces Where Employees Feel Safe and Secure
Canon strives to prevent occupational and health hazards, creating workplaces that allow each employee to maximize their performance.
Specifically, the Central Safety and Health Committee prepared a medium-term (three-year) plan containing the following initiatives for achieving the ideal workplace.
Introduce and Comply with the Canon Safety and Health Management System
In the past, Canon adopted the Occupational Safety and Health Management System recommended by the Japan Industrial Safety and Health Association (JISHA-style OSHMS), primarily for its production facilities in Japan.
Aiming to improve on that system, Canon intends to launch the Canon Safety and Health Management System, which promotes our own occupational
safety and health activities, meets JISHA-style OSHMS requirements, and clearly reflects Canon’s standard and rules. Through this new system, we will work to raise the level of safety and health initiatives throughout Canon by addressing various issues identified through mutual supervision between operational sites and by companywide development of good practices at all operational sites.
The new system will be officially implemented in 2017.
* JISHA: Japan Industrial Safety and Health Association
* OSHMS: Occupational Safety and Health Management System
Ensure No Serious Machinery-Related Accidents Occur
At our production facilities in Japan, we carefully conduct risk assessments according to standard criteria. Based on the results, we conduct follow-up checks with the aim of reducing residual risk.
We are working primarily to prevent serious accidents, such as those involving employees being caught by or pulled into machinery and those that require time off work.
In 2016, we initiated training in machinery-related techniques to deepen employee understanding of the machinery they use in their work and build a structure to promote workplace safety. We also revised Canon’s Machinery Accident Prevention Standards, which
focus on the prevention of serious accidents involving employees being caught by or pulled into machinery, to add examples, clarify technical standards and ensure thorough operations.
We will continue a range of initiatives to ensure that no serious machinery-related accidents occur.
 Priority Initiatives in Medium-Term Plan
1. Introduce and comply with the Canon Occupational Safety
and Health Management System
2. Ensure no serious machinery-related accidents occur
3. Halve the number of falls and other non- occupational accidents
89 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Labor and Human Rights)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Halve the Number of Falls and Other Non- Occupational Accidents
We consider accidents that can occur both in work and everyday life, like tripping in a hallway or
falling when going up or down stairs to be non- occupational accidents, since they have no specific connection with the type of work an employee does. We are working diligently to prevent such accidents.
One of our objectives for 2016 was to reduce the number of such accidents by improving safety awareness. We collected stories about scares and close calls in the workplace and implemented better practices based on those experiences. We also endeavored to cultivate greater safety awareness among employees and to energize workplace safety activities through various means, including the introduction of periodic workplace patrols.
Through such measures, we will continue working to improve safety awareness of all employees.
Number of Occupational Accidents and Group Companies in Japan (Canon Inc.)
13 13 19 25 18
Initiatives to Improve Safety and Health at Overseas Group Companies
Canon is working to implement an occupational safety and health management system overseas on the same level as Japan, with a focus on production bases, which are conducting their own activities through local safety and health committees.
Three companies—Canon Zhuhai, Inc., Canon Hi- Tech (Thailand) Ltd., and Canon Opto (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.— adopted an occupational safety and health management system based on the international standard OHSAS* 18001.
Canon will continue to work on advancing the
level of its safety and health activities outside Japan
through the active exchange of information to
strengthen ties with safety and health managers of
overseas Group companies.
* OHSAS: Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series
Addressing Work with High Risk of Injury, Illness or Accident
Canon engages in risk assessment activities, centered on its production bases in Japan. Workplace managers and people in charge of operations and risk assessments undergo group training in advance to learn and enhance their understanding of assessment methods according to consistent Canon standards.
By making regular visits to worksites and reviewing assessments, we work to maintain and enhance the risk management system.
Conducting repeated risk assessments in this way enables us to identify operations with a high risk
of injury, illness or accident. By taking appropriate measures to mitigate risk and manage residual risks, Canon endeavors to prevent occupational accidents. Among injury risks, we focus particular attention on injuries caused by employees being caught by or pulled into machinery. We have raised this issue within our medium-term plan and take rigorous measures to prevent such risks.
It is also important to prevent risk of illness
arising from work that involves exposure to chemical substances. There have been reports of illnesses caused by exposure to chemicals not regulated by
the Occupational Health and Safety Law. We respond promptly whenever such laws are revised and introduce systems to uniformly manage chemical substances and aim to be thorough in managing chemical substances across Canon.
        Accidents requiring time off work
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
        Accidents not requiring time off work
133 132
133 110 112
  Occurrence Rate of Occupational Accidents (Frequency Rate)
All industries Electrical equipment
2.0
1.5
1.0 0.94
Manufacturing industry
The Canon Group in Japan
1.61 1.63 1.06 1.15
0.54 0.51 0.25 0.18
2015 2016
(%)
 1.59 1.58 1.66 1.00 1.06
    0.5 0.39
0.41 0.41 0.13 0.13 0.20
2012 2013 2014
   0
 * The frequency indicates the prevalence of occupational fatalities and injuries per 1 million working hours.
* Figures for all industries, the manufacturing industry, and the electric equipment manufacturing industry are from a Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare survey on occupational accident trends.
* The Canon Group in Japan refers to Canon Inc. and its principal Group companies in Japan.
(Year)
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 90

Health Support
Health Management Based on “Health First” and the “Three Selfs Spirit”
Since its founding, Canon has endeavored, based on the principles of “health first” and the “Three Selfs Spirit” to create workplaces where employees can focus on their work with peace of mind. We aim to assist employees in knowing their own health (self-awareness), taking action to improve their health (self-motivation), and continuously managing their progress (self-management).
Canon’ s believes that initiatives based on the “health first” principle can lead to a stable workforce and help individual members of that workforce reach their full potential. We therefore consider such initiatives a driving force in the context of company operations and systematically and actively promote health-supported measures.
Specifically, the Central Safety and Health Committee (→P89) periodically prepares and implements a medium-term plan. The plan includes various types of medical check-ups and stress checks as recommended by government regulations. We have established standards for their implementation, as well as post- measures, and conduct careful, individual follow-up checks as well. To prevent overwork, we coordinate with the health support department and human resources department on appropriate management of working hours. All employees with potential health issues have consultations with and receive instruction from a doctor according to internal standards, and we strive to prevent health issues or respond to them as soon as possible when they occur. In addition to these measures, we give particular attention to the following initiatives:
Measures for Achieving Mental Health Through Self-Care
To promote comprehensive mental health measures, Canon effectively conducts a variety of programs
in Japan that incorporate four care and three prevention guidelines. In recent years, we have conducted stress checks and focused attention on employee and manager education and the training of occupational healthcare staff, including human resource managers.
In 2016, we focused on conducting stress checks and follow-up at all locations in Japan. To apply
the revised Occupational Health and Safety Law t hat took effect in 2015, particular effort went into determining how best to implement the checks, preparing an environment that would facilitate their implementation, and using posters and other media to increase awareness of the system. At the same time, since managers need to have a good understanding of personal information protection and the stress check system, manager training
was conducted via e-learning and other methods (97.1% of managers took the training). We also conducted stress checks and follow-up for employees transferred overseas.
In order to strengthen our support of employees taking leave, we reviewed our program for supporting employees’ return to work. Relevant persons coordinate to provide support for an employee on leave from the time they go on leave until a certain time has elapsed after their return to work. With this initiative, we are putting in place a system to promote measures aimed at reducing the number of days of leave and keep employees from needing to take leave again.
In 2017 and beyond, we will continue to nurture employees capable of self-care while also working to create workplaces where employees can work with peace of mind.
 Four Key Items
1. Education and awareness activities for all employees by age group
2. Mental health-related measures
3. Measures against lifestyle-related illness
4. Cancer-related measures (early detection
and treatment of cancer, regular review of diagnostic systems to ensure effectiveness)
We also actively collaborate with the Health Insurance Union on effective measures to deal with medical fees, with a focus on preventing any worsening of lifestyle diseases.
91 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Labor and Human Rights)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Mental Healthcare System in 2017
2017 priority items
Three preventions
Educational Program on Mental Health Measures
We provide mental health training to employees in their first and second year
of employment. This training informs employees about self-monitoring and lifestyle improvement methods, as well as approaches to stress reduction. The training also covers support systems both inside and outside
the company. In addition, we hold self-care seminars based on the unique needs of each operational site.
We host mental health training for all managers. This training covers methods of communication and points of caution with the aim of reinforcing the importance of managing their own health while also working to create healthy workplaces. We standardized the training curriculum across the Group and offer e-learning to make it easier for managers to participate.
We have held mental health skill development training for occupational healthcare staff since 2013 to strengthen their response, support, and teamwork abilities. We conducted this training five times in 2016 with a focus on case studies (one of the five sessions specifically targeted human resource managers). Almost all of the human resource and health support managers at Canon’s operational sites in Japan have received this training.
  Employee Education
  Mental Health Training for Managers
  Nurturing Occupational Healthcare Staff
        Primary
prevention
(Preventing illness and improving health)
Secondary
prevention
(Early detection and treatment)
Tertiary
prevention
(Support for return to work)
 Rank-based training
 Training for newly hired employees/ orientation booklet
 Health education for second-year employees
 Sleep education/ seminars
 Stress check
 Training for managers
  Liaison meetings and workplace discussions
Individual assistance Return to work support program
 Click Health tips (Intranet streaming)
 Health consultations/seminars
 Mental health skills-development training
 Consultations with occupational health staff
  EAP*
Collaboration with occupational health centers
 Consultation and collaboration with Medical Corporation SAKURA Medicine in Yurakucho and other medical institutions
       * EAP: Employee Assistance Program
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 92
Four cares
Care from Care from occupational Care from
organizations health staff managers Self-care
outside Canon

Measures to Prevent Lifestyle Diseases or Prevent Their Increased Severity
Canon Group companies in Japan carry out lifestyle checks during regular annual medical examinations with the aim of preventing lifestyle diseases. Based on the results of these checks, we have set improvement targets for each company in order to help employees improve their health and prevent worsening of lifestyle diseases that may already be present.
In 2016, we focused on helping employees give up smoking and encouraging them to get adequate sleep. As of April 1, 2016, we prohibited smoking on the premises
of all Canon Group companies in Japan and encouraged employees to maintain good manners when it comes to smoking in neighborhoods around workplaces. We provided support to employees expressing a desire to quit smoking
by conducting group and individual smoking cessation programs and, to improve smoking cessation instruction, provided persons in charge of the programs with additional training. These efforts to reduce the number of smokers are ongoing.
We will continue working to improve employee health through these initiatives.
Cancer-Related Measures Conducted in Cooperation with Canon Health Insurance Union In terms of cancer-related measures, Canon works together with the Canon Health Insurance Union to conduct primary prevention in the form of raising awareness and encouraging employees to improve their lifestyles, secondary prevention
in the form of early detection and treatment, and tertiary prevention in the form of appropriate treatment and assistance with work-treatment balance. Canon also strives to raise awareness of cancer screening and to maintain an environment that makes it easy for employees to undergo screening.
We will continue our efforts to offer ongoing encouragement and support as well as to establish a more effective cancer screening system, helping to reduce the number of employee deaths from cancer and to keep medical fees in check.
Expansion of Health Management Programs at Group Companies Outside Japan
Canon conducts various health management programs at Japan at its Group companies outside Japan as part of its health promotion initiatives for employees. Each Group company also actively conducts its own initiatives suited to the characteristics of the company.
Examples of health management programs at overseas group companies
Health consultation with doctor, lecture on women’s diseases, lecture on pregnancy
Employee dormitory programs: yoga, karate
Health information newsletter (issued on the first of each month), lactation room facilities, quarterly health event (stretching, running, etc)
Employee Assistance Program services, health consultation with doctor, first-aid training
Lunchtime health event (addressing stress management, sleeping habits, back pain, etc.)
Weight Watchers: 17-week weight management course, recipe suggestions, promotion of exercise, consultations
10 minute massages: on-site massage therapy by appointment
Walking Program: Four-week walking event
Wellness Wednesday (regular event): second Wednesday of each month, themed health promotion program held in company cafeteria (smoking, lung cancer, breast cancer, etc.)
Weight Watchers (occasional event): paid 12-week weight loss program. Employees participate in a weekly program held at the company. If they reach their target weight, the company pays half of the participation fee.
Lecture by doctor, healthy menu provided at company cafeteria
  Location
 Canon Vietnam
Program Content
  Canon China
 Canon U.S.A.
 Canon Virginia (U.S.A.)
  Canon Opto Malaysia
               93 Canon Sustainability Report 2017
Health promotion event in Canon Virginia

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Labor and Human Rights)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Respecting Human Rights
Canon respects the rights of every employee and works to ensure that its workplaces are free of all forms of discrimination and harassment.
Prohibiting Discrimination
The Canon Group Code of Conduct prohibits all Group executives and employees, irrespective of their position or duties, from engaging in discrimination based on race, religion, nationality, gender, age or other unfair grounds. To disseminate and ensure understanding of the Code of Conduct, the code
has been translated into 14 languages and is also practiced at Group companies outside Japan.
Canon Inc. and its Group companies in Japan carry out collective readings of the Canon Group Code of Conduct as well as discussions concerning work-related risks at each workplace.
Through such activities, we strive to deepen employee understanding of the code and thus maintain a fair, comfortable and safe work environment. In 2016, there were no incidents involving unjust discrimination in reports made to the human resources division.
Sections of the Canon Group Code of Conduct (Extract)
Preventing Harassment
Canon maintains a zero-tolerance policy on harassment, which it communicates to management executives and all employees.
In addition to sexual harassment and power harassment, Canon Inc.’s employment rules and Harassment Prevention Provisions clearly stipulate prohibition of maternity harassment and moral harassment in accord with new legislation passed in Japan in 2017. These provisions have been publicized throughout the Canon Group, and serve as a template for establishing similar rules at Group companies.
In a further effort to maintain a comfortable workplace environment, Canon Inc. and its Group companies in Japan have established a Harassment Hotline at each Group company in Japan. Confidentiality is strictly maintained and a firm guarantee against detrimental treatment is provided to victims and informants. These hotlines have been in operation for some time, and in recent years the number of harassment complaints has remained largely unchanged. Regular liaison meetings are held for persons responsible at Canon Inc.’s operational sites and Group companies, enabling the hotlines’ operational status to be monitored and shared. Reviews of procedure manuals are conducted at such meetings, and guidance on how to respond to reports of harassment is also provided on an ongoing basis.
Organizational Structure for Harassment Prevention Canon Inc.
 Management Stance
1. Contribution to Society
Provision of excellent products Protection of consumers Preservation of the global environment
Social and cultural contributions Communication
2. Fair Business Activities
Practice of fair competition Observance of corporate ethics Appropriate disclosure of information
Code of Conduct for Executives and Employees
1. Compliance with Corporate Ethics and Laws
Fairness and sincerity Legal compliance in performance of duties Appropriate interpretation of applicable laws, regulations and company rules
2. Management of Corporate Assets and Property Strict management of assets and property
Prohibition against improper use of company assets and property Protection of the company’s intellectual property rights
3. Management of Information
Management in compliance with rules
Prohibition against personal use of confidential and proprietary information Prohibition against insider trading
Prohibition against the unlawful acquisition of confidential or proprietary information pertaining to other companies
Appropriate use of confidential and proprietary information pertaining to other companies
4. Conflicts of Interests / Separation of Personal and Company Matters
Avoidance of conflicts of interests Prohibition against seeking, accepting or offering improper gifts, entertainment, or other benefits Prohibition against acquisition of pre-IPO shares
5. MaintenanceandImprovementofWorkingEnvironment Respect for the individual and prohibition against discrimination Prohibition against sexual harassment
Prohibition against bringing weapons or drugs to the company workplace
    Harassment Hotline at company Z
Harassment Hotline at operational site A
     Harassment Hotline at company Y
Harassment Hotline
Liaison meeting
Examples of measures
Canon Group Code of Conduct
Sexual Harassment Prevention Provisions
Harassment prevention training for managers
Poster campaigns Compliance meetings
Operational sites
Harassment Hotline at operational site B
  Harassment Hotline at company X
Harassment Hotline at operational site C
  Harassment Hotline at company W
Group companies
Harassment Hotline at operational site D
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 94

In addition, we periodically conduct employee awareness surveys, which enable us to identify and observe trends as well as gather the opinions of our employees. Managers can then raise their awareness of current conditions and take necessary measures aimed at further improvement of the organizational climate.
Educating Employees on Harassment Prevention
Canon conducts a variety of training programs and poster campaigns to raise awareness of harassment issues among employees.
Canon Inc. conducts harassment-prevention and workplace communication-improvement training for executive and managerial-level staff. The aim is to develop measures to address decreased productivity due to deteriorating workplace conditions, mental health issues, occupational injuries, lawsuit risks and corporate legal responsibilities. Most of those already in managerial roles have completed training. In 2016 we conducted 11 training sessions for 46 employees who had returned from overseas assignments and had not previously received the training. There were also 12 training sessions for all management candidates, with 288 participants in total for the year.
The same training program will be held for staff in charge of Harassment Hotlines at Group companies, who will in turn assist with training employees at their respective companies.
To prevent harassment and raise awareness of consultation desks, Canon created posters that
are on display at Canon Inc. and Group companies. We are preparing posters using the 2017 theme of appreciation. We are focusing on daily communication to generate feelings of compassion for fellow coworkers and create a favorable work environment.
Posters to raise awareness about harassment prevention
Harassment Prevention and Workplace Communication-Improvement Training in 2016 (Canon Inc.)
11 46
12 288
Eliminating Child Labor and Forced Labor
All Canon Group companies manage human resources in compliance with the laws and regulations of each country and region in which they operate, as well as Canon’s own regulations.
In 2016, we again carried out investigations at our manufacturing companies in Asia to confirm their compliance with laws pertaining to child labor and forced labor. To date, no Canon Group company has violated laws relating to child labor or forced labor.
Respecting Basic Workers Rights, including Freedom of Association Canon respects workers’ basic rights, including the freedom of association, and we strive to address issues by promoting dialogue between labor and management.
In addition, in our basic statement on social responsibility*, we clarify our intent to comply with the laws and regulations of various countries and regions. In Japan, for example, Canon Inc. has formed a collective agreement with the Canon Workers’ Union that confirms the union’s right to organize, the right to collective bargaining, and the right to
engage in labor disputes.
* Canon Group CSR Basic Statement (→P7)
    Target
 Returnees from overseas assignments
Participants
    Management candidates
    95 Canon Sustainability Report 2017