For the Earth Contributing to the Realization of a Society in Harmony with Nature
Considering “Cycle of Life” through Various Activities Focusing on “Birds”, the Symbol of the Ecosystem Pyramid. Launching the Canon Bird Branch Project on a Global Scale
Issues and Approaches
Valuable forest resources, biodiversity, and various natural habitats are disappearing due to climate change and overdevelopment. In response to
this, global initiatives aimed at achieving the Aichi Biodiversity Targets adopted at COP10 are being pushed forward. The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), particularly Goal 15, call for the conservation
of terrestrial ecosystems, and once again highlight the importance of protecting forests and the ecosystems of living creatures.
We also recognize the importance of conserving and protecting biodiversity and ecosystems. Based on our Biodiversity Policy, we are promoting conservation and protection activities around the world.
One such activity is the Canon Bird Branch Project, which examines the cycle of life by focusing on birds as a symbol of the top of the ecosystem pyramid consisting of plants, insects, and small animals that provide birds with food, as well as water and soil that enable these living things to grow.
Related SDGs
Ecosystem Pyramid
Top-level consumers (carnivorous animals)
Primary consumers (herbivorous animals)
Producers (plants)
Decomposers (soil organisms)
Source: Let’s Study Biodiversity, Biodiversity Working Group, the Four Electrical Industry Associations in Japan
    23 Canon Sustainability Report 2017
 
      Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Expanding the Canon Bird Branch Project from Shimomaruko Forest to Other Areas
The Bird Branch Project was launched in 2015 at Canon’s Shimomaruko headquarters in Tokyo. In addition to establishing a natural habitat for wild birds within the “Shimomaruko Forest”—a large expanse of green space on the headquarters site, including birdhouses and bird baths, the Bird Branch Project continuously examines wild birds through fixed-point monitoring using network cameras as well as through a route census, which investigates the types of wild birds living along a predetermined route.
In 2016, Canon’s Toride Plant, Susono Plant, and Kawasaki Office, as well as Oita Canon’s Oita Plant and Canon Research Centre France joined the project, expanding the circle of activity globally.
BIRDS Project of Canon Research Centre France
Canon Research Centre France S.A.S. is located in the suburbs of Rennes, a city in the western region of Brittany. Green spaces account for 82% of the 45,000-square-metre site that Canon Research Centre France occupies. Since 2011, Canon Research Centre France has been conducting regular surveys
of biodiversity within its operational site with the help of LPO, an association for the preservation of wild birds. Through these surveys, Canon Research Centre France has revised its policies for setting up green spaces in order to preserve biodiversity and increase the number of biological species inhabiting the area. In addition, we are developing population ponds, installing nest boxes and bait tables, etc. so that various creatures can live. In addition, we attach colored film to the front of the windowpane of the building to prevent bird strikes against birds’ windows, and we also give consideration to creatures living in the area.
Canon Forest at Oita Canon’s Oita Plant
The area surrounding Oita Canon’s Oita Plant is blessed with an abundance of forestland that is filled with many kinds of living creatures. A representative example of Oita Canon’s environmental activities is breeding Common Pheasants (Green Pheasants), which are often seen in the local area,
and releasing them into the wild. Since 2012 Oita Canon
has succeeded in incubating over 120 pheasant eggs. Every year, from mid-April to late July, staff members, including employee volunteers, work to hatch and carefully raise the pheasants. From the end of October to late November,
these staff members hold environmental classes for local elementary school students as well as for children of Oita Canon employees to explain the purpose of raising the pheasants. They also host an event for the children to take part in releasing the birds into the wild. In addition, Oita Canon works to create an attractive forest environment for flora and fauna through various means, including setting up birdhouses and pruning trees to allow more light and wind in.
Spotbill duck bathing in a birdbath in the Shimomaruko Forest
  Conducting regular biodiversity surveys
 Breeding and releasing the green pheasant, Japan’s national bird
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 24