Management Approach
Important Issues from an Economic Perspective
Canon supplies a wide variety of products and services that provide consumers with new affluence and enable business customers to create new value and improve productivity.
At Canon, we believe that returning profits obtained through these economic activities to
our diverse stakeholders will positively impact the development of each country and region where we operate.
Based on this, Canon considers the payment
of taxes in accordance with the laws of the countries and regions where it operates as its most fundamental and important social responsibility. We contribute to the development of local economies in a variety of ways. Canon works to build ongoing relationships with business partners in the supply chain and pay them on time; provide employment opportunities with good wages and benefits; offer
a stable dividend to shareholders; contribute to the development of local communities through ongoing donations and support activities; and participate in citizenship activities.
Job Creation
Canon employs close to 200,000 people worldwide, and understands that the economic impacts of this
Related SDGs
End poverty in all its forms everywhere
Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation
on local communities are wide reaching.
Canon hires local people who understand the
culture, lifestyle, and business practices of the countries and regions where it operates. In turn, we are proactive in cultivating these human resources and appointing them to executive management positions. This ensures that our business operations are closely rooted in the local society, and that we create stable employment opportunities for local people.
In addition, Canon supports people with disabilities to participate more fully in society, following the principle of normalization.
Economic Contributions to Local Communities
In some areas of the countries and regions where Canon operates, social infrastructure such as schools and hospitals is underdeveloped. Canon thus
works to provide assistance to needy areas that
goes beyond its basic obligation of paying taxes, believing that its business activities will further help local communities achieve sound and sustainable development. Utilizing the Group’s monetary, human, technological and product resources, Canon supports the provision of facilities and infrastructure in such fields as education and healthcare in order to improve local living standards.Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages
Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development
Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all
Canon Sustainability Report 2017 28
Job Creation
Canon contributes to the development of local economies through the employment and career development of human resources in the countries and regions where it operates.
Regional Contribution by Employment
Canon continues to employ more than 180,000 people worldwide since 2010 (197,673 as of December 31, 2016) and promotes global scale business. The number of people is 25,511 in Europe, 19,160 in the Americas, 80,089 in Asia and Oceania, and 72,913 in Japan. This continues to contribute to the economies around the world.
Creating Local Employment Opportunities at Production Bases
In order to help stimulate local communities and economies through job creation, we focus on local employment when establishing or expanding production bases.
For example, Canon Prachinburi (Thailand), which started operations in 2013, has hired approximately 4,500 people locally, and Canon Business Machines (Philippines) employs approximately 3,400 local residents (as of December 31, 2016).
Canon guarantees that its employees are paid substantially more than the local minimum wage.
Canon Group Employee Numbers in 2016
Europe
25,511
Comparison of Canon’s Minimum Wage to Local Minimum Wage
     Japan
U.S.
China
     139,800 yen
161,900 yen
116%
* Figures represent wages for leading manufacturing companies in each region, not average wages.
1,233 dollars
1,887 dollars
153%
1,628 renminbi
2,403 renminbi
148%
Local minimum monthly wage
  Canon
Standard minimum monthly wage
  Ratio compared to local minimum wage
  Promoting Globalization of Executive Management
Under its corporate philosophy of kyosei, Canon seeks to grow and prosper together with all of
the countries and regions of the world, building better ties as it proceeds with globalization. Canon therefore appoints appropriate personnel, regardless of nationality, as presidents, executive officers, and managers of subsidiaries in each country and region where it operates.
Comparison of Canon’s Minimum Wage to Local Minimum Wage
(As of December 31, 2016)
      30.0 95.1
90.8 97.9
* Share of non-Japanese appointed as presidents and managers
Japan
(%)
(As of December 31, 2016)
Presidents
The Americas
Europe
Asia (excluding Japan)
    26.7
90.5
  Managers
     72,913
Asia & Oceania
80,089
Americas
19,160
 29 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Economy)
CSR Management Management Structure
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
     Proactive Support for the Participation of People with Disabilities in Society Respecting the ideal of normalization* advocated by the United Nations, Canon proactively employs persons with disabilities at its subsidiaries in Japan.
For example, at Canon Inc., we have been proactive in employing persons with disabilities for many years, maintaining their share in our workforce above the 2.0% legal requirement.
We are doing our utmost to make workplaces more comfortable and accessible for people with disabilities by improving our facilities, including providing greater barrier-free access. Additionally, we are working to expand the range and nature of jobs for people with disabilities, while also ensuring that they are settling into and becoming active members of their assigned workplaces. Canon has incorporated hands-on workplace learning experience into the selection process to ensure that new hires can contribute quickly after they are hired and assigned to a workplace.
Canon Wind primarily hires people
with intellectual disabilities. In addition to maintaining a high employee retention rate,
this employment helps us realize our corporate philosophy of kyosei.
* The principle of normalization
According to the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons adopted by the United Nations in 1982, society is made up of many different types of people and it is normal for people with and without disabilities to co- exist in all settings. Therefore, we should create an environment in which all people can live and work together.
Number and Percentage of Disabled Employees at Canon Inc.
Employees 600
Share (%)
2.4 2.07 2.0
 500 2.05 400 374
2.07
2.06
2.10
385
2014 2015 2016 (Year)
(As of June 1 each year)
  385 1.6 1.2 0.8 0.4 00
382
2012 2013
382
  300 200 100
    Canon Wind Employee in Abilympics
The Abilympics (officially known as the National Skills Competition for Persons with Disabilities) is
a competition to improve the vocational skills of persons with disabilities and raise the awareness of society at large.
At the 36th Abilympics in 2016, we fielded three competitors: one each from Canon Inc., Fukushima Canon and Canon Wind. Manabu Kai from Canon Wind represented Oita Prefecture in the office assistant category. This was his second appearance at the national competition, achieving a superb record.
Canon Wind is a subsidiary of Oita Canon formed in 2008 as a joint venture with Gyoun Fukushikai, with the aim of promoting employment for persons
with intellectual disabilities. This unique initiative, which aims to open up new areas of work for the disabled through manufacturing knowledge, is attracting attention.
Manabu Kai of Canon Wind gives full concentration to the competition
 Canon Sustainability Report 2017 30

Economic Contributions to Local Communities
Canon returns the profits of its activities to local communities for their development.
Proper Paying of Taxes
Canon believes that, as a multinational corporation with operations spanning the globe, the proper payment of taxes in the countries and regions where it operates is one of its most fundamental and important social responsibilities. Accordingly, Canon abides by the following principles with regard to tax matters.
(1) Pay taxes properly in accordance with tax-related laws and ordinances.
(2) Ensure that tax accounting and other related processes are carried out unfailingly, according to law.
(3) Develop tax-related governance systems and work to raise awareness about tax compliance.
(4) Adhere to common international rules on international taxation (guidelines set by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and the United Nations) and ensure that actions are in compliance with the tax laws of each country.
Providing Assistance in Poverty-Stricken Areas
Many countries around the world face extreme economic challenges. In carrying out its global business operations, Canon provides various forms of assistance tailored to the specific needs of the region. For example, monetary and personnel assistance to aid the construction of new schools and other public facilities, or donations of Canon products or services may be offered.
Miraisha Program Aims to Increase Employment Opportunities for the People of Africa by Improving Their Skills in Imaging Technology Since December 2014, Canon Europe has been expanding its Miraisha Program, a social investment initiative in Africa. Miraisha is a portmanteau of the Japanese word “mirai,” meaning future, and the Swahili word “maisha,” meaning life. Through the program, Canon aims to improve skills and increase employment opportunities for local young people in Africa’s growing photography, video and print industries.
Canon Europe and Canon Central and North Africa (CCNA) have together facilitated workshops
of photography and film-making in several
African countries including Kenya, Ghana and
Nigeria. Through partnerships with local organisations, educational institutions and event organisers, and with the assistance of Canon Ambassadors, the Miraisha Program has so far delivered training to more than 3,000 workshop participants.
Under the Miraisha Program, Canon Europe has also run a curriculum for local print companies. While printing demand in Ghana has increased in recent years accompanying economic growth, print quality, customer service and corporate management levels have not yet reached international standards, and a large portion of the printing business is outsourced to foreign companies. In 2016, 22 small print companies in Ghana joined Canon’s Professional Print Excellence training to discover opportunities in digital printing, to improve their core business skills, including business planning, customer care, and technical know-how, as well as gaining access to new customers and tenders.
The Miraisha Program is helping Canon Europe to engage with local communities in Africa while enhancing competitiveness in industries in the African market. By collaborating with distribution and training partners, including the development of local trainers, Canon Europe is using its core imaging skills to help people in Africa to make a living in professional photography, film and print – sectors which are expected to grow in the future.
Professional Print Excellence training in Ghana
 31 Canon Sustainability Report 2017

     Message from Management
Relationship with SDGs
The 4E’s Project in India
Canon Group Business Operations
CSR Reporting (Economy)
Growth Strategy and Sustainability
GRI Guideline Implementation
Supporting Education in Vietnam
Activity Highlights
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
CSR Management Management Structure
     Canon India carries out the 4E’s Project in cooperation with a local NGO, Charities Aid Foundation (CAF) India. The project provides various forms of assistance in the fields of eye care, education, the environment and empowerment, to less privileged villages in the vicinity of the Canon India office.
As a manufacturer of ophthalmic equipment, Canon is dedicated to making advancements in
the field of eye care, in particular by facilitating comprehensive eye screening to help those with vision impairments. Cataracts are a major cause of visual impairment in India, and yet 80% of these cases can be prevented or treated. To bridge this gap, Canon constructs vision centers in selected villages and provides examinations as well as treatment. Moreover, Canon encourages villagers to have eye examinations by setting up eye check-up clinics and distributing informative pamphlets. In 2016, a total of 101 clinics were conducted, during which 7,537 people received eye examinations.
Also, in the area of education, Canon India supports schools by assisting the development of school infrastructure, teacher training and computer classes. On the environmental side, Canon India donates solar panels, plants trees, and takes part in the recycling of waste paper.
These activities were appreciated and received in the category of “Promotion of Education” at “CSR Excellence Award” sponsored by Bureaucracy Today in Indian bureaucracy/corporate magazine.
In 2016, the project added the fourth E: empowerment. To this end, Canon established a vocational training center in the village of Ferozepur Namak, Haryana State. The center provides computer skills training to students and young people from
the village, empowering them, for example, by widening their career choices. Canon has supplied 20 computers and pays wages for the trainers through an NGO.
In collaboration with an NGO, SOS Children's Villages of India, Canon launched a campaign to provide orphanage children with education and nutritious meals. In 2016, 187 Canon staff agreed to donate 400 rupees each per month and Canon India donated an equal amount to the orphanage through a matching gift arrangement.
Canon Vietnam and Canon Marketing Vietnam promote various activities of For the Next Generation, a local program to improve the educational environment for children, who will serve as the next generation of Vietnam.
The Friendship School Chain Project, one of
the most well known of these activities, works
to construct classrooms and donate desks and
chairs to schools in rural areas where infrastructure development is slow moving. Project volunteers regularly visit recipient schools to help with infrastructure renovation such as building tables and chairs, repainting school, and to present donations of school supplies.
Over the nine years since its launch in 2007, the project has spread to 55 schools in 22 provinces. Canon Vietnam also provides scholarships to talented high school and university students from underprivileged families, loans bicycles to students who have to commute long distances, and conducts environmental classes at elementary schools.
Canon Vietnam’s aim in these activities is to
have employees work directly with children and local people as volunteers. Such activities also provide opportunities for employees to deepen their connections with one another.
Desks and chairs donated by “Friendship School Chain Project”
 Canon Sustainability Report 2017 32

Supporting Education in Dalian, China
As part of its activities to contribute to local communities, Canon Dalian supports impoverished schools in the rural area north of Dalian, to improve the educational environment for children. In 2016,
in cooperation with the Zhuanghe municipal government, Canon renovated school facilities such as washrooms, and put idle company equipment and furniture to use as teaching computers, library desks and shelves. We also used tiles made exclusively
of waste materials generated in Canon Dalian’s manufacturing processes to provide a pathway in front of the school, creating a safe, comfortable learning environment.
In April 2016, in addition to continuing the material support noted above, Canon Dalian invited all grade-five and grade-six students from five
Canon Hope Elementary Schools on a company
tour. Educational activities involved environmental protection and tours to cultural facilities in the city
to broaden the knowledge of the students. Canon Dalian has maintained these activities continuously for 22 years, and as a result, in 2016 it was selected as a model company for the region by the Dalian City Project Hope office.
Supporting Education in Thailand
Together with other Canon Group companies
in Thailand, Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) held environmental education events at Bhan Na-Klang School near the factory. The aim was to improve
the learning environment for the children and pave the way toward a sustainable society. The events involved roughly 300 people; children, Canon
Group employees, local residents and volunteers maintained and repaired school facilities and studied environmental issues. They also prepared lunch together and got to know each other better. In 2016, this sort of event was carried out on 10 occasions, and was greatly appreciated by the local community and public institutions. We will continue these educational support activities in the future.
Maintenance and repair of school facilities by employees and neighboring residents landscape
Supporting Research Activities
that Contribute to the Sustainable Development of Humankind through the Canon Foundation
Canon established the Canon Foundation in
2008 with the aim of contributing to the ongoing prosperity and well-being of humankind through a wide range of support activities for both organizations and individuals engaged in research, business or education in various academic fields, most notably science and technology.
The Canon Foundation has established two research grant programs, the Creation of Industrial Infrastructure grant and Pursuit of Ideals grant, both of which are open to researchers working at universities and other public research institutions throughout Japan.
In 2016, we held the fourth Pursuit of Ideals symposium in July, and the fifth Creation of Industrial Infrastructure research results presentation in August, providing opportunities for grant recipients to report on research progress. Twelve projects were selected for Creation of Industrial Infrastructure grants in 2017, while three were chosen for Pursuit of Ideals grants on the theme of food. A total of 240 million yen in grants was awarded.
Furthermore, to make the results of the
research available to the general public, the Canon Foundation Library published its second volume, with articles by the researchers. We also began activities to encourage articles by informing local media of research that would lead to regional revitalization.
 33 Canon Sustainability Report 2017