Topics 

Working with partners to deliver Japanese
technology to the world
ー Construction order for Mumbai Trans Harbour Link ー

Demand rising for infrastructure development in fast- growing emerging economies
China, Southeast Asia, India, Africa, and other emerging markets are experiencing swift economic development. Urbanization will likely accelerate in the years ahead, inevitably generating demand for large infrastructural development. To date, we have constructed the Nhat Tan Bridge in Vietnam and the Osman Gazi Bridge in Turkey.
We plan to keep participating in infrastructure development in emerging markets.
Forming consortiums that harness our strengths
In emerging markets, we have formed partnerships with firms that are familiar with local business norms, rules, and supply chain conditions. For the road bridge order from the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority, we teamed up with Larsen & Toubro Limited, India’s largest general contractor.

Employing advanced technological capabilities to construct 10-kilometer bridge for Mumbai Trans Harbour Link
IHI Infrastructure Systems Co., Ltd., is part of a consortium that received an order to construct a bridge for the Mumbai Trans Harbour Link, a maritime road that is around 22 kilometers long. Once completed, the road will slash travel times between the Mumbai city cener and the suburb of Navi Mumbai. This will alleviate traffic congestion and cut carbon dioxide emissions. The consortium is manufacturing and transporting box girders for the bridge. Since the structure will be constantly exposed to sea breezes, we are applying a heavy corrosion-proof coating on the girders. This coating will be a first in India. Advanced Japanese technology will contribute to the safety and reliability of this infrastructure.

Projected urbanization rates of key emerging markets
(%)
90 70 50 30
10
China Southeast Asia
Sub-Saharan Africa India
     1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 2020 2030 2040 2050
Source : Produced by Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry based on United Nations Urbanization Prospects
 Emerging markets set for rapid urbanizations
Urbanizations should drive a surge in demand for social infrastructure development.

We will help achieve SDG goals by providing products and services.